QT Is It Better To Be A Beta

Prologue

Jia Hyson has experienced a few strange things in his life. Stalkers. Sabotage. School children. He's more or less shaken them off well with varying degrees.

Well. Until now, anyway.

"You..." Jia Hyson rasps out in pain as he lays dying on the street, soaking in a growing pile of his own blood. The young girl got him good, must have read about how to properly make sure someone bleed to death from her father's crime novels. He hasn't recognized her before, but now that he sees her in broad daylight he can more or less imagine the sort of trap he's unwittingly been woven into.

His murderer drops the knife from her shaking, gloved hands and runs while the chaos of the crowd draws near.

Staring helplessly as she gets away, Jia Hyson closes his eyes and tries his best to block out the pain as he dies.

...

Sliding into the realm of death feels like falling into a dreamless sleep. One moment he was in excruciating pain, and after a period of darkness, he found himself perfectly fine. Opening his eyes, Jia Hyson finds himself standing in a plain, almost empty white room. There was nothing but him and a single white chair in the middle of it.

It wasn't exactly what he would've thought Heaven would be like, but beggars couldn't exactly be choosers. Besides, it wasn't exactly like he'd been a virtuous virgin in his life either. Maybe this is just what people like him get in the holy lands.

As he looks over to study the one piece of furniture in the room, he almost jumps when he realizes items were sitting on top of the chair. Those had clearly not been there before.

Tentatively Jia Hyson picks up a very lovely slim black notebook, half the size as a standard piece of paper, and a silver bangle with delicate engravings. "Damn it looks pure too," he mutters as he admires the bracelet in puzzled awe. A bangle and a notebook. What an odd pair of items heaven decided to bestow on him.

With literally nothing to lose, he slips the bangle on.

Immediately the bangle warms up around his wrist, and the engravings begin to glow blue. A small holographic screen pops up from the glowing bracelet to hover in front of him much to his shock.

"Hello, Jia Hyson. I am Bebe, your System."

Jia Hyson squealed in a very unmanly manner, not from fright or surprise, but from pure elated excitement. A system! He's a transmigrator! This! Was! The! Best!

Bebe the system: '... this was its' new master?'

"Um, hello Bebe," he greets politely, voice trembling in delight. As a fan of online novels and stories, he's read, criticized and enjoyed many tales regarding reincarnation, world-hopping, transmigrations and system administration. Never in his wildest imagination did he think he could be a part of one.

"Hello," Bebe greets back. While obviously robotic, the voice contains a distinguished elegance that screamed it was a high-class product, and it knew it. "I am Bebe, your system. You are currently located in your provided safe space where you can stay for prolonged periods. Access to basic furniture can be unlocked once you complete the first mission."

Forgetting the fact that he was old enough to be considered an uncle, Jia Hyson jumps up and down like a child brimming with eagerness. His mind already running through various scenarios and scenes. Honestly, he feels like he should thank the girl who stabbed him since now he can finally live through one of his favourite fantasies since he first came upon the genre.

"Mission?" He prompts with bursting curiosity. Was it acting out as a main character? Cannonfodder? Trying to preserve the plot? Break the plot?

Suddenly Jia Hyson felt a little nervous. He knows himself well enough to know that while he was a reasonably skilled liar, that may not necessarily translate to talent in long term acting, especially if he had to portray a character so opposing his current introverted personality.

"Do not worry Jia Hyson," Bebe says a lighthearted tone as if sensing his sudden unease, "You were picked to be the most suitable fit for this system. Not many have the qualifications, so even if you fail a few times, we will not terminate you."

"... So the termination is still on the table then?" Jia Hyson mutters. Well. At least he's given some leeway. That was reassuring. Somewhat.

"Of course," Bebe answers revealing a slight hint of contempt. "Bebe is very important and takes up a lot of resource and energy. If you waste Bebe, Bebe will waste you."

Jia Hyson can feel cold sweat start to form on his back. It seems maybe he celebrated this whole turn of events too soon. His system also seems somewhat capricious as well. Quickly he moves back to the main subject. "What's my mission then?"

Pleased its master seemed to be a good worker, Bebe happily told him, "You have been assigned to the Beta system. This means your missions will entail improving the world's plot. It's a very good job, as long as you can improve the plot you are free to do many things."

Jia Hyson lightly frowns. He's never heard of a Beta system. And just improve the plot? What sort of vague instructions is this?

Bebe ignores his master's expression to continue excitedly explaining, "Bebe also provides you with points and p to help with your missions. Points can be allocated into skills and traits to improve yourself, p is the currency you can use to buy items from Bebe. You get 20 free points and 1000 p."

Jia Hyson's eyebrows flew up at the information. Skill points he understands, but to so candidly give him a 1000 p sounds too good. "May I see what I can buy?"

The screen flickers until it shows what looks like a generic shopping site. "Welcome to BeBay," Bebe chirps, "Use your finger to scroll through the items. Feel free to ask for any further information."

Quirking his lips in amusedly, Jia Hyson began to look at the items shown only for his face to immediately blacken. Things like food, water and bandages were only 1 to 10 p, but everything else was so expensive! "Blood replenishing pill, 300 p? Mask of Poor Deception, 500 p? Minor Event Stimulator 750 p?!" He almost spat out blood when he realizes that these were all items under the label of Dirt Cheap.

Dirt Cheap his sister!

Half-terrified Jia Hyson presses the button to see the mid-range priced items before crying blood at the number of zeros that slapped his face. He takes it back. 1000 p was not good. 1000 p was clearly too stingy!

With growing dread, he quietly asks to see how to allocate his skill points. Once the Skill Allocation screen pops up Jia Hyson wonders if this feeling of despair is what all transmigrators feel. So many skills! From attractiveness to sewing, the list seemed endless.

Worse still his basic stats seem to be lacking. His EQ, acting and crafts were some of his higher stats among a few others. With appearance being the highest at 82 points and the lowest passing skill is drawing at 53, everything else he had was below the average. Truly a depressing scene. At the very end, he only had three special skills listed in gold: [Animal Charmer Level 2], [Psychotic Break Level 1] and [God's Scribe Level 8].

...Let's ignore the second skill. He really didn't want to know 

"Alongside your own current skills, you will temporarily gain the skill levels and special abilities of whichever body you inhabit as well," Bebe reassures, making him feel much better about the matter of his meagre skillset. With renewed vigour, he looks through the list again. "Of course as Host increases your skill points, to avoid becoming too overpowered eventually this advantage will be minimized so Host would still gain the characters special abilities but have a restriction in skill levels."

Jia Hyson nods. That seems fair. "Is it possible to ask you for a recommendation of skills to add points to?" He asks as he scrolls through the dizzying number of various abilities. There was even one for learning the unicycle and holding your breath. Indeed there seemed to be every skill in the universe here.

"Of course," Bebe proudly replies. None of its previous masters ever asked for its recommendations in terms of skill allocation. Bebe found itself already warming up to its newest master, who clearly has excellent priorities. "Each world will, of course, require different talents to live successfully in. Knowing this, Bebe has been magnanimously allowed to let you reallocate 20 skill points for each new world you enter."

Jia Hyson nods gratefully at the flexibility. It's not a bad system. Assuming he can earn points from completing missions, he'll manage to slowly establish a solid foundation to his skillset while still being able to get the opportunity to invest points into any lacking skills that would be indispensable for him in the next world. "How many points do I earn per mission?"

"Based on your performance, we give you a maximum of 10." Sensing his disappointment Bebe quickly racks on, "There are also opportunities for bonus points as well, your notebook will provide you with more information on that as well as details on your mission."

"Sounds good," Jia Hyson nods again, feeling quite cheerful again. Mastery of a basic skill requires 100 points. If he gets a decent score, he should be able to rack up 6 or 7 points every completed mission, not to mention the potential bonuses. With that type of math soon, Jia Hyson will become a master at this in no time!

He's not sure what being a master will entail, but Jia Hyson was rather satisfied just thinking about that as his long term goal for now since he's got not much else to aim for. Except maybe being able to afford a nice couch for his safe space. With lots of pillows. And wi-fi. And snacks. And-

"Any more questions?" Bebe patiently asks.

Jia Hyson breaks out of his fantasising and smiles, "No, no, we can start now. I'm sure I'll pick it up along the way."

What a carefree master. Hopefully, he will do better than his predecessors. Bebe starts the countdown obediently.

"Initializing.. prepare for transmigration in 3... 2... 1..."



Arc 1 Beta be a chef

"Adrian?"

Jia Hyson blearily opens his eyes. His head throbs painfully as his mouth tastes dry and disgusting. With an unwilling heart, he forces himself to sit up and rub his eyes in an attempt to wipe the grogginess from it. "Mblergh?"

Suddenly he's shoved back down as a soft body tackles him in a fierce hug. Jia Hyson wants to vomit as his head cruelly hits the hard arm of a particularly worn-out couch.

"Madeline," A deeper voice chides, "you're going to end up finishing him off at this rate."

"Ah!" Mercifully the young girl releases Jia Hyson from her embrace, "Sorry! Sorry! Adrian, are you okay? I'll go make something for you, what do you want?"

Without even thinking, Jia Hyson croakily answers, "Cheeseburger."

Jia Hyson pauses for a moment. A little confused where this sudden craving came from, but the two people in the room just laugh. "Well if Adrian still wants a burger then he's fine." The male voice teases.

He can feel his cheek being patted before the giggling young female finally gets off of him. "Don't worry, I'll make you the bestest cheeseburger ever!" She declares proudly before the sound of light running leaves the room.

Blearily Jia Hyson tries to get up a second time, fueled by a strange feeling of anxiety and foreboding. This time, however, a large warm hand gently pressing against his chest stops him. "Don't get up," The deeper voice murmurs, "you collapsed from exhaustion so just sleep for a bit longer okay? I'll watch over Maddy and make sure she doesn't get too overexcited."

Helplessly Jia Hyson just nods and relaxes back onto the couch. When he finally hears the man walking away and shutting the door, he mutters, "Bebe, context please?"

"This is the novel, 'Can't stand the Heat.' It has low popularity and a rating of 2.3 stars out of 5." Bebe replies in his mind. Jia Hyson winces and not just from the way Bebe's voice makes his headache ache even worse than before. 2.3 out of 5 stars... Damn this sounds like one shitty story then. The lowest review he's ever gotten for any online works he'd anonymously posted was around 3.8 stars at least.

"What's the problem with it then?"

"The story has been given the following reviews-

'What the hell! Where are the family fluff and cooking competition we were promised?! Why is this all smut?'

'It's like author-san has totally forgotten the MC's heartwarming background and family once the cooking competition starts! Isn't that too cruel? Not even a mention of them in the epilogue?? I don't even recognize the cool, headstrong MC by the end of it!'

'Too much smut! What drama story? What story about cooking? What romance subplot? It's just straight-up porn!'

'How easy is the MC? Is the ML that handsome?? To be so rude and arrogant yet to quickly catch the MC after a single kiss? Unreasonable!'"

Listening to these angry comments, Jia Hyson can feel his diminishing headache coming back again at full force. So this is what Bebe meant by fixing the plot? Why couldn't they just hire an editor? Why does it look like the success of his whole mission seems to rely on playing cockblock?

"An editor will not necessarily have the creativity we require to alter the story into a better one," Bebe explains as it reads his thoughts, "You however are well known for creating interesting and entertaining books and online fiction. Not to mention, you have an abnormal mindset that potentially is very good for this sort of work."

Black lines cover his face. What abnormal mindset? Isn't that too rude? He happily jumps in to help, and here he is getting his face slapped.

Anyway, from the complaints, it does actually seem like he must save this world through cockblocking. Isn't this just beyond stupid? Are they screwing with him?

With nowhere to vent his irritation, Jia Hyson exhales a long and angry sigh before deciding to temporarily ignore it. He doesn't have much time left until the two people come back and he must quickly figure out who he is.

Bebe silently sends him the information into his brain. Groaning Jia Hyson skims through it and feels his face darken further.

'Can't Stand the Heat' is a story about Madeline Fenwick and her journey to be a top chef. The synopsis promises a culinary adventure that will warm one's heart with familial love, laughter, drama and some romance along the way.

Madeline and her older brother Monroe Fenwick were orphaned twice at a young age. As in they were adopted by a couple and then the couple died not two years later. Not wanting to lose any face, their step aunt and uncle took them in. However, they were cold, unlovable characters that barely provided the minimum of affection towards them who weren't even related to them by blood. The only saving grace that prevented the siblings from living a bitter, barren childhood was their cousin who tried his best to take care of them.

That cousin is Adrian Marshall. The person Jia Hyson is now.

Adrian is also the reason Madeline had taken a liking to the culinary arts. Ever since their first meeting where he comforted her with homebaked cookies, she had immediately wanted to be like Adrian who strived to make people smile through cooking.

Madeline learnt how to cook from her cousin, and the first few chapters of the story depicted snippets of her growing up with her small family in the kitchen. Soon after she turned thirteen; however, her aunt and uncle had messily divorced and were fighting over who should have the children shoved into their care. Finally, Adrian, who was nineteen at the time, couldn't take it anymore and left with Madeline and Monroe.

Life after this was very difficult for the trio. Both aunt and uncle were stingy, and expenses for Madeline and Monroe's education were barely covered much less their living expenses. Adrian, having shouldered on the responsibilities of taking care of two teenagers, had to give up his dream of being a chef to work multiple jobs to support the household.

Frankly speaking, it was a strong start that Jia Hyson couldn't really find much fault with, and would definitely be the sort of story he would be interested in reading himself. The introduced characters had distinct personalities, and their interactions, as well as responses to their problems, were both believable and enjoyable to read. After asking Bebe, it seems, just like he suspected, that at this point of the story, many readers were pleased with how it's been written so far.

The problems start when Madeline hits eighteen and announces her desire to participate in the third season of the popular television show 'Home-cooked Miracle'.

Fresh out of high school and still young, both brother and cousin disapproved her decision. After all, while they were all fans of the show or maybe because they were fans of the show, Adrian and Monroe were well aware of how pervasive it can be in regards to the participant's life. Despite how the show tries to sell itself as a cooking competition, it was still reality tv and relied on scandal, sex and behind the scenes catfights to stay afloat.

At around the same time, Adrian had somehow managed to convince someone from a famous culinary institute to consider Madeline for a scholarship there. If she went to try out for the show, she would miss her chance at a scholarship in a place they could've only dreamed of going with their current funds. Understandably, Madeline's stubborn attitude had angered both Adrian and Monroe, creating friction in the once close-knit family.

In the end, that friction led to sparks and inevitable an explosion of a fight which resulted in Madeline leaving in the middle of the night to stay at a friend's house. The next day she entered the preliminaries of 'Home-cooked Miracle.'

Then she met the male lead. Drake Lanzoni. And it officially spiralled from there.

At first, there seem to be the beginnings of a typical love-hate rival relationship between the pair. Drake insults her homely type of cooking that practically screams lower class, and Madeline, being the strong-willed heroine she is, stands up for herself. She aims to make Drake eat his words and wins the first round of the competition, earning a chance at fighting for an immunity pin that allows her to be exempt from elimination once. Her smug victory and his grudging admiration as a result of this was the sort of competitive atmosphere that would make readers burn with excitement.

However, somewhere between the second and third round, Madeline Fenwick and Drake Lanzoni got together.

Jia Hyson had to stop skimming and reread the block of text in his mind thrice before he finally caught the few sentences that could have possibly foreshadowed such an abrupt change of relationship dynamics. A domineeringly, fiery kiss after a stressful service challenge in an empty kitchen immediately jumps to heavily making out and getting groped shamelessly the very next day in the bedroom. It was enough to make Jia Hyson dizzy to the point of nausea.

Family and dreams were then put on the back burner in favour of sex and drama. The closest thing to cooking Jia Hyson could see was watching everyone eat vinegar and dogfood. Challenges became ridiculous excuses to write more relationship tropes, and soon they became so insignificant it becomes something to only mention in passing to show that time had actually kept on moving while the couple were in their own little pink world. Jia Hyson forced himself to continue reading despite the fact the diamond in the rough had long turned back into coal. But after a bit longer of persevering, his boredom couldn't be contained, and he skips to the last few chapters.

He almost regrets reading it though, as he feels himself choke with a confused anger. As a fellow author, he wants to strangle whoever wrote this in revenge for them strangling such a decent story in its infancy. The couple finally gets approval from Drake's incredibly rich and powerful family, they get married, and they give birth to a girl who is spoilt with love to the point they even have a personal chef for her.

A personal chef?! Wasn't the point of this whole story that everyone was going to be a chef? To cook and bring smiles to people? They don't even mention the main character's brother and cousin, either? This completely abandons the story's principal ideals of family, cooking and pursuing one's dreams! This shameless author clearly got bored and made a smut novel midway through.

"Hey Monroe, should we wake Adrian up? The food will get cold."

"Give him a few minutes longer, he's been working nonstop these past few days."

Jia Hyson slowly opens his eyes once the door closes again and sighs. "Bebe, how old is Madeline now?"

"Currently Madeline Fenwick is thirteen. It has been three weeks since the divorce between Adrian's parents."

He nods in relief. At least he has a fair amount of time before the meat of the story even begins. It is also not too difficult to come up with ways he can improve this plot with his own limited power.

"Bebe wants to remind Jia Hyson that he currently has a notebook in his possession that shall help him keep track of things as well as provide valuable information," Bebe adds helpfully.

Jia Hyson blinks a little dumbly. He had forgotten all about the notebook in all the fuss. After patting himself down, he finds it in the pocket of his jeans. Once it's pulled out, the notebook grows a little bigger until it becomes the size it had been before.

"Remember, the notebook is mainly to write down your ideas and edit." Bebe says before making a huffing sound, "Bebe personally believes that Bebe is good enough alone. You do not have to rely on the notebook; however, Bebe supposes the notebook will always be there if ever Bebe goes offline."

Amused by his system's indignant pride, he teasingly asks, "Then what use is this notebook if I have a system as great as Bebe then?"

"Bebe is pleased Bebe's master understands." Jia Hyson quirks his lip up into a bemused smile. It turns out his system was a very cute and haughty show-cat. "However, the notebook does have some uses. To improve the story, you may write advice or phrases that you would think would fit well into the narrative. You can also read the sum total of your bonus points that you've earned at the back as well as review the original plot to see if there are any phrases or grammar you think needs to be changed."

Jia Hyson's eye twitches as he listens to the explanation. It seems he's playing the role of editor and ghostwriter on top of everything else. Was this karma for being so terrible to his own editors in his past life and tormenting them with his flighty and lazy attitude? "What is the point of this Bebe? I might as well rewrite the whole story myself if you all just want a good story." While personally, he would hate being forced to write a work he didn't get to design himself, it still was objectively less effort than interacting directly with the world.

It was probably the one glaring flaw to system novels that Jia Hyson could never grasp. If one thinks about it objectively, there is no reason for things like the cannon fodder system existing. Some stories have defended themselves nicely, making their main characters save the villain who in turn will bring a better future for that world and so on, but most stories were about acting out cannon fodder... and failing.

While he doesn't currently have any plans to fight the system (Bebe: ...So you may have plans to fight Bebe in the future?) he doesn't feel as motivated to do his task like before.

Bebe, listening to his thoughts, wants to cough blood. Such a fickle master! Weren't you so motivated to help just a minute ago? It seems the information it had received about how several editors and lovers had left because of Jia Hyson's lacklustre and temperamental attitude was not false. At least there won't be too much stress in worrying about Jia Hyson becoming overly attached.

Knowing that they didn't have much time, Bebe tried to appease its master. Master may not die if he fails the first mission, but Bebe will lose a lot of face to the other systems. Especially since he had been boasting so happily about being upgraded to a Beta system just before it picked up Jia Hyson.

"While Bebe is not authorized to know much about the matter, I can say that the amount of energy to change a world created by a story is less than the amount of energy it takes to change the world with the author in it." Bebe appeases, "When a world story diverges, a feedback loop is created, not only does this produce extra energy to supply the systems, it also changes the author's world subtly as well."

Listening carefully, Jia Hyson understands. "It really was a matter of two birds, one stone." He brightens up at that, happy to help again. After all, that was his favourite phrase, he wouldn't dare spit on it.

Bebe: ... Bebe doesn't understand but as long as master will try his best Bebe will forgive master for being so fucking inconceivable.




First things first, food.

Because the smell coming from the kitchen was incredible and Jia Hyson was starving. "Maddy? Monroe?" He rasps out, feeling like a pitiful hungry kitten.

Immediately like she had her face against the door just waiting for him to call, Madeline Fenwick burst out eagerly. "Dinner is ready!" She grins, proudly running down to place the plate of her food onto the shoddy coffee table in front of him. "I give you, the Mad Triple Cheeseburger special! Three patties, six slices of cheese, pickles, beetroot, lettuce, mushrooms and tomato relish on toasted bread! Your favorite!"

Jia Hyson smiles warmly at the bright and boisterous young girl. His memories as Adrian in the past hour had slowly seeped into his soul and the love he felt for both Madeline and Monroe was not weak. Even Jia Hyson who wasn't really that fond of kids over six, felt like it wouldn't be a burden to dote on such a sunny child.

Bebe: What's wrong with children over six?

Jia Hyson: All children reach peak cuteness at around two and generally stay that cute until they hit six, then it really only goes downhill from there.

Bebe: I see  

"Thanks Maddy," His smile widens as his eyes set sight of the burger, mouth already filled with drool. As expected of the main character of a cooking story, the food she made couldn't have looked more obviously delicious unless someone wrote the word 'delicious' on top of the bun with ketchup. Even if it was messily made he couldn't help but inexplicably find the ugliness adding further to the home cooked charm. Adrian remembers that he was the one who thought her how to make simple but juicy burger patties, buttery mushrooms and create a fresh and tangy relish but while he's sure that she had cooked to his instructions, his own food while delicious and heartwarming, could somehow never compare.

Jia Hyson: Hey Bebe, will I ever get to be a main character too?

Bebe: Bebe thinks the story would have to be truly horrendous for that to happen.

Well. Never mind then.

Without further ado he hungrily begins to devour the large burger, taking large gulps of water in between to fill himself up even further. It seems, after a quick review of his recent memories, the trio had left his parents broken household and Adrian really hadn't eaten for at least three days as he worriedly tried to find even more jobs for himself on top of his current two to properly provide for everyone. His friend had at the very least kindly allowed him to burrow one of his uncle's apartments, but Adrian had both a large amount of pride and moral integrity, insisting he'll eventually pay rent after two months if they can't find anywhere else to live. Jia Hyson wants to weep a little at this poor original host's life. Such a selfless good child! What shit author would write out such a hardworking angel from their story? Jia Hyson would've given him ten spin offs!

'Bebe has seen host's works and there is a 70% chance you would have made Adrian suffer even more than the current author would have. Do not lie to Bebe.' Bebe interjects. 'Bebe knows this is one of your favorite character types to bully.'

Feeling extremely wronged for being called out on his sadistic tendencies but unable to rebut any of it, Jia Hyson ignores his system in favor of the much better and superior burger in his hands.

The inferior to a burger Bebe: ...

"This is delicious Maddy," He praises genuinely, "did you add something extra in the sauce?"

"As expected of my big brother!" Madeline cries and puffs her chest out proudly. "I bought some chili to give it a nice kick, as well as lemon and some melted cheese."

Jia Hyson stops mid-chew, feeling a little faint as new information provided by Adrian's last few days of anxious research suddenly swirls up urgently in his head. Apparently Adrian had been so scared about their sudden change in economic situation that some of the panic still lingered even after his body was taken over. Asian ingredients like chili was currently a very pricey ingredient in A country, especially in their city. It was currently the period of time before the hype of cooking competitions spread around the world and was really only for proper chefs to prove their worth so more exotic ingredients weren't as well circulated as they could be.

Now that he's no longer so ravenous, his tongue can also taste the fresh tang of lemon and tomatoes, and the smokiness of melted gouda cheese.

Suddenly the food in his mouth felt a little heavy and hard to swallow.

It seems after this he's going to have to teach the children the harsh reality of poverty.

...

The problem, Jia Hyson realizes, with the harsh reality of poverty was that he was also unprepared for it.

Jia Hyson came from an upper-middle class family and before completing his bachelor of science in university managed to snag a literary prize and multiple online awards, cementing his bright future almost immediately. The closest thing he had to a job was volunteering experience which after university he really only did whenever he felt too much like rich artsy trash. Unfortunately that still didn't change the fact he was essentially rich artsy trash.

So after a few months of running around doing multiple part-time jobs, from the ever thankless customer service to the literally backbreaking construction work, Jia Hyson wanted to die. His only comfort was that Monroe had picked up the value of money quickly and while Maddy was still trying to process her sudden life changes, she was more or less very understanding to their economic plight now and no longer pestered to buy expensive ingredients to try out anymore, choosing to experiment with cheaper items instead.

Still, despite that, there were only so many hours in a day and because Adrian had to drop out, the jobs didn't exactly pay very well. He was very lucky though, many of his bosses and coworkers were both friendly and sympathetic to his situation and always gave him a little something extra at the end of the day, from small change to candy. It didn't change the fact he had to face many jobs filled with the greedy, uncaring and just downright cruel people but since he had a good temperament he hadn't been harassed too badly in his opinion. Still, Jia Hyson curses those people in his heart and itches to write a great faceslapping story inspired by them but he really didn't even have time for that.

The idea of having to endure this for a few more years was downright depressing.

To think the protagonist would actually abandon such a good cousin like this over one fight! It was one thing to read about but now that he was experiencing the true hell of serving in retail he vows to make sure Madeline Fenwick fucking appreciates what he's been slaving away for. Especially once she marries into money.

God, Jia Hyson misses money.

Then again she had been fresh out of high school at the time and as a late bloomer was probably at the peak of teenage rebellion. Not that it's much of an excuse. Jia Hyson's way of venting as a teenager was through art, reading and depression, it couldn't compare to Madeline Fenwick who moved out of her house and had increasingly shameless sex on a reality tv show. At least Monroe seemed to be a good boy.

Jia Hyson sighs inwardly. He still has a while to seriously consider the best way to change the key plot point anyway, for now he needs all his brainpower to consider basic living expenses, rent and Monroe's future education. He'll try keep some extra savings as a pretence for Madeline's college fund but at this point that sort of thinking might as well be called delusional.

"Bebe," he groans, "next time make me a character that doesn't have to worry about money okay?" Currently he was moving crates and doing inventory at a local grocery. Even putting half his points into his physical strength didn't stop his arms from trembling after a few hours of labour.

'Bebe will take that into consideration as well as request host not to be a whiny bitch.' Bebe replies shortly.

"My system used to be so cute and in awe at the great me," Jia Hyson mutters, "what happened to us Bebe?"

'Bebe realized Bebe's cheap host was not the top quality host Bebe had been promised.'

"Cheap your sister! I am a first rate, handsome author! You're the cheap one to reduce me to this!" Jia Hyson cries in his heart as he transports a crate of citrus fruits to refill the emptying section outside in the store.

As he spends his days working and bickering angrily with Bebe in his head, Jia Hyson is completely unaware of the increasing looks always thrown his way by both coworkers and customers.

After all, both Jia Hyson and Adrian were already very good looking men. The resulting combination of both of their attractiveness stats blew through the roof. Not only physically was he beautiful, with his tall, slightly muscular figure, his pale skin coupled with blonde hair and bright blue slanted and slightly droopy eyes, his personality and temperament was equally as nice. Even the sternest boss must eventually melt and feel some sympathy toward such a handsome youth who had to work for his younger siblings' sake. Whether or not that sympathy shows through Jia Hyson's wallet is unfortunately another matter completely.

However after almost a year, Jia Hyson finally recieved the opportunity he had been waiting for.

Adrian was originally configured to be similar to the protagonist since he was her role model. He was hardworking, stubbornly moral and kind-hearted, but unlike her he was more old fashioned and a much more prideful. Adrian refused to accept money from his friends, refused to ask for help from his biological family, and refused to show his siblings how tired he was. And, most adamantly, Adrian refused to use his good looks.

This was shown very clearly in a short paragraph of the story, where the author wrote about how Adrian would occasionally reject various modeling and acting offers when life was still prosperous for the young man. It was said that Adrian found it demeaning and how his face shouldn't effect how his talents should be viewed and blah, blah, blah. Basically it was bullshit in Jia Hyson's magnanimous opinion.

What was important was that, despite getting many offers when he was still rich, Adrian only got one offer once he hit rock bottom. Jia Hyson has no idea why. Personally he thought he looked even more pleasing to the eye once he started gaining a bit of defined muscle instead of maintaining his original skinny as a stick figure. Either way, of course Adrian had rejected the tempting offer after a few days of hesitation, choosing to keep slaving away at his multiple minimum wage jobs and probably dying from over exhaustion in the end.

Jia Hyson absolutely refuses to do that.

"Adrian?" Jenna, a petite university student working as a waitress in the same cafe he works in, prompts shyly again, flushing prettily as she glances up to take in Jia Hyson's unreadable expression. "I, I know it's a lot to ask since we've only known each other for a month or so but, but I'll pay you well I swear! I mean," she rambles nervously, "you've been really tired lately, and well, modelling isn't really too hard, well amateur modelling anyway, and you're handsome anyway so, um,"

"I'll do it." Jia Hyson quickly agrees, unable to bear the the poor child's awkward

What pride? Can it be eaten? If it can't fill his stomach what's the point? The original Adrian was cute but he was a fool for refusing to use his god-given face.

"You shouldn't act so out of character," Bebe scolds, "Adrian didn't accept this offer."

"In the story, Adrian didn't immediately refuse," Jia Hyson objects, thankful that Adrian's character had been well fleshed out in the beginning rather than introduced terribly during the period where the plot was at its worst. "He hesitated for a few days as he seriously considered taking it for the sake of the money. He could have very well accepted the offer but Jenna had already turned it down for him since he was taking too long."

"So you think if Jenna let him have more time he would have said yes?"

Jia Hyson didn't even hesitate, "Of course. No matter how high his pride is, Adrian values his family more." He pauses and then squints down at his Bebe Bangle. "Adrian's main personality traits are very simple, even a child could understand... are you really sure you're not the cheap one out of both of us?"

Bebe: ... QAQ

When Adrian arrives a week later at the address he's been told by his incredibly excited coworker, he has to stifle the pure jealousy in his heart as he stares at the luxury apartment before him.

"I used to have an apartment in a building like this," he says sadly as he passes security and enters the elevator. "Actually, forget the apartment, I even bought the building because I didn't want to pay rent."

Bebe ignores the whining of his ex-local tyrant host. Over the past few months it is sure it has heard about every lavish aspect about Jia Hyson's original life and has long grew numb to it all.

"Then I thought, I'm rich, why don't I buy a bunch of apartments to get money from."

Yes. Numb to it all.

"So I bought ten but I didn't like taking care of them."

Numb to it all.

"After a week I gave up and hired a man to do it for me."

Numb...

"But it felt a lot like paying rent anyway so eventually I just bought the guy's company with the money I earned renting apartments and the royalties from my new book. Got turned into a movie you know?"

  Bebe has gone temporarily offline.

At the notification, Jia Hyson smiles helplessly at his silly, easy to bully system. Feeling great, he steps out of the lift and onto soft carpeting. With a nervousness that's only half-faked, he rechecks the text on his phone and heads to the last door to the left, knocking softly. "Hello? Jenna it's Adrian,"

"Adrian!" Jenna flings open the door with a grinning face so fast he suspects she had been waiting by the door the whole time. He can't help but chuckle a little at how similar she was to Maddy. Her cheeks flush as she eyes up her very handsome coworker in a casual white shirt and tight blue jeans.

Jia Hyson smiles awkwardly, looking self-consciously down at his simple clothes, "Is this okay? You just said jeans and a t-shirt but I didn't-" he trails off hesitantly, ducking his head down while his blue eyes shyly look anywhere but at the young woman in front of him, seemingly like a person completely out of his depth.

It was enough to make the coldest person melt much less a young, greenhorn like Jenna. "No way! You, you look good," She stammers.

"Jenna!" A grumpy voice calls out from another room, "Is the model here yet? I have a thing in a few hours remember?"

"Sorry uncle!" Jenna calls out, not sounding very sorry at all. She even has the face to grin and roll her eyes cheekily at Adrian, very different to her usual demure appearance at the cafe. She really is a lot like the main character and he chuckles again. "My uncle has volunteered to help take photos for my portfolio, he's a bit harsh but he knows how important this is to me."

Adrian blinks and nods, following Jenna to her studio. Internally Jia Hyson was a little intrigued at where the plot divergence was leading. Jenna, this barely considered mob character, seemed to be secretly a rich second generation with dreams of being a fashion designer. Her uncle doesn't seem too simple either. If he had followed the plot and refused Jenna's offer he would have never known anything about them.

It truly feels in this moment that he's no longer in a story but a proper world.

"Hello uncle," Adrian greets politely, lowering his head in a slightly submissive pose as he feels a strong scrutinizing gaze hit him. He shivers, feeling a little violated At the assessing gaze.

"Not bad," A gruff voice finally says after a minute of uncomfortable silence, "even if he's just a vase he's a damn pretty one."

"Uncle!" Jenna cries out embarrassed at his rudeness.

Adrian straightens his back and looks directly at this uncle with a faint smile. "Well I trust you'll be able to make this vase shine for Jenna's sake," he lightheartedly flatters with a charmingly self-deprecating smile.

Unfortunately, it seems Jenna's uncle was resistant to his looks. With a snort he goes back to fiddling with his camera, "Even if you were a pile of stinking dung I can still make something acceptable for my niece."

Adrian lightly laughs but under his obedient expression Jia Hyson darkly curses. Who's a pile of stinking dung? Look at this beautiful face and have the gall to say that again! He dares him!

Bebe: Bebe has looked at your face and after careful analysis Bebe can conclude that... you're a pile of stinking dung.

The pile of stinking dung Jia Hyson: " Cheap systems should learn to shut their mouths! "

Bebe:  

Jia Hyson: Fuck your mom!

Of course none of this even flickered onto his face. His past life experience of being a famous author and his current life of enduring a hundred different jobs in the service and retail industry have hardened his facial muscles to maintain a first rate gentle smile. Unless you were inside his head, no one could know he was silently writing gory, horror torture porn featuring everyone that has ever wronged him.

Bebe who is inside his head: Bebe begs its abnormal host to please stop, Bebe is sorry, Bebe cannot unsee what has been seen  

Jia Hyson:  

As Jia Hyson changes into Jenna's first outfit, he quietly admired her handiwork. "This girl has good taste," he tells Bebe seriously, "do you think she'll let me keep an outfit?"

'If she says yes Bebe recommends you take the grey suit.'

Jia Hyson raises an eyebrow as he examines a very stylish grey and silver suit. It gives off a novel futuristic without looking too ridiculous that he couldn't walk into the street with. Personally he thinks his original Asian appearance would pull it off better but there was no denying that wearing this suit would make many heads turn for him. "Bold choice, why?"

'Because Bebe believes it matches with your grey morals.'

Jia Hyson: ... system you've changed  

'Bebe has watched you secretly steal from the trash and scam people for money, Bebe no longer has respect in its eyes for you.'

Jia Hyson couldn't deny that. But who's fault was it to make his character be so caring while having so many financial difficulties?!

He didn't want to eat unwanted food either! But apparently schools were huge money hungry monsters that insist that he had to pay extra for Madeline and Monroe's compulsory end of year middle school and high school leadership camping trips. Adrian's parents told him that they refused to pay for it despite promising to at least cover their education costs so he had to tearfully hand over the cash. They didn't even provide the camping gear so Jia Hyson had to starve himself over a tent.

Fuck his shitty parents and fuck the education system!

Walking out of the closet, Adrian smiles shyly as he spreads out his arms. "Jenna, what do you think?"

Jenna takes one look and then another, before pinching herself and squealing, "Yes! Oh, this is exactly what I wanted! This is perfect!" She greedily takes in the pure white clothes with golden edging and decoration she had painstakingly made in hopes for a prince like man to wear them. Once again she thanks all the gods out there for her good luck in getting a job at that cafe where such a high quality man worked.

Even the old uncle looks pleased at how good he looks. "Not bad kid, now sit on the couch."

Jia Hyson saunters to the couch, giving it a scrutinizing look before laying splayed out on it like a lazy yet elegant noble. He tilts his head up and stares deeply in the camera with an arrogantly seductive stare, like he was goading the camera to pull him off his magnificently high horse and dirty him up. He's an arrogant prince, a tyrant, a domineering beauty, you couldn't keep your eyes away from him even if you wanted to.

The uncle couldn't speak. No one could. Only the sounds of camera shuttering were heard while Adrian adjusts his posture every minute or so.

Jia Hyson feels rather pleased with this result. His original level in modeling was a 42 since he's participated in some photoshoots beforehand and has some idea what to do. Adrian apparently was naturally photogenic so that added an extra 10 points to his stats. During the week before this shoot, Jia Hyson snatched two fashion magazines from the trash, burrowed another from a different coworker and bought a Basic How to Model guidebook (20p) from BeBay to study intently on. Every night he would practice posing for an hour and a half with Bebe being his judge. Since Bebe was a piece of technology that made supercomputers look like children's toys it was nothing for the system to absorb information from the books and the internet and compare them with Jia Hyson's poses.

By the morning of the day, his modeling stats was a very passable 68. It didn't make him a top model by any standards, but his decent grasp of lighting and camera angles as well as a nice variety of poses allows him to have a fighting chance with the above average models.

"That's good, tilt your head a bit to the left, arms on your lap, yes, sneer a little, perfect," the camera uncle rambles, getting happier and happier at how unexpectedly well-trained this amateur seemed to be. Pulling away from his camera he cracks Adrian a satisfied smile. From the way the smile strains against his craggy face, Jia Hyson can't help but assume this old man doesn't smile too often. "You're not bad kid, this really your first time?"

Dropping his icy prince facade Jia Hyson's face softened back into the usual gentle Adrian's smiling face, his cheeks flushing a little at the compliment, "En," he confirms embarrassedly.

"Good," The uncle murmurs as he subconsciously snaps a few more shots. The smile has melted the original cold and haughty demeanor, transforming the arrogant noble into a benevolent pure prince instead. While it wasn't what either Jenna or the uncle had in mind, the change was so alluring they both knew they had to seriously consider keeping those photos. "Good, very good!"

Jenna in the background excitedly waiting with the next outfit in her hands gapes at her uncle. The amount of times her grumpy uncle had complimented anyone out of the family could be counted with her fingers. She knew when she first saw Adrian that he would be a man who could happily live on just his looks alone but she didn't really think he had this much raw talent. Not enough to garner her uncle's praise anyway.

She grins widely. It seems she hadn't mistaken a fish eye for a pearl when she asked for Adrian's help. Not only was her uncle going to take her suggestions more seriously now it was clear her portfolio was going to be the envy of all her classmates.




After every fifth outfit, Jenna kindly calls out for a break much to Jia Hyson's relief. He didn't realize modeling was this intense. It was one thing to practice with Bebe or take photos when he was still famous enough that no one really cared if the way he stood emphasized his body type or not, but it was a whole other thing when he was a poor nobody under a professional's scrutinizing gaze.

For starters the pressure over time becomes immense. Jia Hyson memorized only so many poses, and eventually ran out of ways to twist his body into attractive shapes. Even with Bebe there to offer advice and suggestions his body would still feel awkward at the unpracticed postures. There were body parts he wasn't aware had to be tensed in order to make even lying down look good. Jia Hyson had a new respect for the fashion industry.

Luckily, he had made such a good impression with Jenna's mysterious old uncle that he only received constructive, if a little overly harsh, criticism every time he did something off.

'It's probably because your learning ability is quite good,' Bebe comments mildly, 'He's never had to nag you after he tells you to do something.'

Jia Hyson smiles faintly, 'Yes, well, my short term memory is very good but my long term memory is not so tonight we have to go over all the things he's pointed out today.'

'Of course!' Bebe sounds delighted. Maybe it spoke too soon in calling it's host cheap. If it isn't too physically strenuous or monotonous, Jia Hyson seems to be naturally quite hardworking. 'Bebe has been recording everything, Bebe will naturally carefully look through it to help host.'

'Bebe...' Jia Hyson smiles coyly, 'you pervert-'

Bebe:  

'Don't worry,' he teases silently, 'I like it  '

Bebe: Shitty host! Why must you play with Bebe's feelings like this?

Jia Hyson goes through a total of fifteen different outfits of varying themes. His personally favorite was the androgynous mermaid-inspired tribal wear even if it had been very difficult to pull as he had to try to strike a strange balance of primal fierceness and elegant beauty. Bebe still liked the futuristic suit, especially when Jenna complimented at how well his bangle suited it.

'Bebe likes this Jenna character a lot,' Bebe happily tells him.

'Good,' Jia Hyson tells Bebe amusedly as he goes back to his assigned changing room to wear his old clothes, 'I'm thinking of letting Maddy interact with her. She needs a female friend and this story needs more well-rounded, likable characters like her.' In the original story, Madeline Fenwick didn't have many good girl friends that stuck around when she became poor. When she left Adrian and her brother to spend the night at a friend's place it was a male friend who was secretly in love with her. Her time on Can't Take the Heat wasn't much better. She had one female supporter who had been pushed out early by a rival's schemes leaving the fresh faced Maddy in the den of culinarily skilled foxes and vixens. Earning the attention of the hottest contestant as well as a few other attractive men that had been participating hadn't helped much either.

Having no support system in either family or friends, it is easy to become dependent on the handsome, rich and powerful male lead to the point she was would, well... as someone who now genuinely views Maddy as a sister, Jia Hyson was very unwilling to let her run from foxes and straight into the open mouth of a horny wolf. He can't even read the story without feeling disturbed. Jia Hyson is very open minded and his sexuality was just as flexible but no one wants to imagine their underage sister having vigorous sex with a man and an assortment of food products.

'I can't just make the story have no romantic subplots right?' He questions.

'Host is free to do whatever as long as it improves the plot,' Bebe sniffs, having heard this question more than a few times already, 'but the question host has to ask is if removing the romance will improve the plot. So?'

Jia Hyson sullenly stays silent as he pulls on his original shirt. They both know the answer to that and solemnly lights a candle for the main character's chastity. Jia Hyson swears that as long as he can help it, he will prevent her chastity being lost on a tv show at the very least.

Once changed, he walks out of the room to find both Jenna and her uncle huddled over the camera whispering excitedly. It takes a few minutes of him awkwardly hovering around them before Jenna realizes someone was watching them and lifts her head up with an apologetic smile. "Sorry Adrian, I almost forgot about you,"

"No worries, no worries," He replies with good natured politeness. "How are the pictures?"

Immediately Jenna bursts with enthusiasm, eyes sparkling brightly, "They're great! Oh my god, Adrian you look so good in them I cannot even, like wow!"

Jenna's uncle nods in agreement. "You have potential kid," he says gruffly, "have you ever considered being a model?"

Jia Hyson wants to cheer at succeeding in his plan however outwardly he looks shocked, "Me? A model? I don't think.."

"It'll pay you a lot more than some of your other jobs," Jenna quickly adds.

"I'll do it." The eager Jia Hyson immediately says before blushing and coughing a few times in mortification. He really hadn't meant to say that so fast. "I mean, sounds, uh, sounds good."

The uncle and niece pair laugh at his obvious humiliation, finding this good child very sweet in their hearts. "Here, my card," The uncle hands him a pristine white business card with the name 'James Christoper, JC Photography,' imbedded in bold print along with a phone number and company website. "Text me and I'll see if I can get you some job offers kid."

Looking at the card, Jia Hyson chokes up a little. "Th-Thank you, you, this means so much to me, thank you!"

Jia Hyson: Finally! No more shitty retail jobs! Fuck yeah! 

Bebe: ...

Feeling moved by Adrian's emotion, Jenna hugs him and feels incredibly guilty she never asked him for help sooner. "Don't worry Adrian, once I become a famous fashion designer you'll be the first guy I'll ask to model for me!"

Adrian smiles gently at her and pats her head, "En, I'll hold you to that okay?"

Jia Hyson: Remember this, remember this okay? I need job security. If you don't I'll really hold it against you, I'll curse you to death!

Bebe: Host, why must you be like this?

Jia Hyson: Because no man can be this perfect  

Bebe: This cheap host...  

Afterwords, Uncle James Christopher really did contact him for a very generous job. It seems after grilling his niece for details he heard of Adrian's sad plight and became sympathetic on top of his already good impression toward this nice young man. While many people dislike being pitied, Jia Hyson happily lapped it up like melted chocolate. In his opinion the four best emotions to manipulate someone was pity, guilt, greed and lust. He isn't debasing his tragedy, he's merely making the best out of a bad situation.

'Bebe believes that is called exploitation.' Bebe chimes in.

"Bebe," Jia Hyson sighs as he types his acceptance to the job offer to Uncle James, "do you come with a mute function?"

'If Bebe does Bebe would not tell you.'

"Adrian?" a deep voice says in surprise.

Jia Hyson turns around and smiles softly. Monroe enters the house and his usual blank face cracks a faint smile, eyes softening as he takes in the rare sight of his older brother at home so early. Usually Adrian would still be working till midnight, and he would start working again at five in the morning so it truly had been a long time since either he or his sister had seen the man while he was awake. "Monroe, I thought you had piano lessons?"

"Dropped them," Monroe replies easily like it meant nothing to him. How on earth could he have the face to continue playing such a frivolous thing when he knows the money going into his lessons were being taken from his brother's exhausted hands? The moment he learnt how much they cost he had dropped the classes immediately and secretly deposited the money back into their shared bank account.

Adrian frowns, "But you love the piano."

"Not as much as you," Monroe bluntly says.

Jia Hyson blinks, a little stunned at the unexpected sweet words but his heart soon warms up from it. Chuckling lightly he goes up to ruffle Monroe's hair, the teenager was still so young and yet he can spout such flattery! "Such a good child," he laughs before leaning down to playfully kiss his forehead, "you really are so responsible, before I know it one day you'll be taking care of me!"

From getting a decent paying modeling job to receiving Monroe's love, today was truly a good day. Jia Hyson practically floated to the kitchen to make dinner with a heart filled with joy. Ah, taking care of kids really was very rewarding! Especially good boys like Monroe!

So happy he was he completely missed the way his beloved younger brother's grey eyes flashes darkly as he softly touches his forehead.

...

As a year passes, Jia Hyson felt that he was doing quite well for himself. He was slowly gaining popularity in the modeling industry and the pressing urgency for money was lessening little by little after every job. Monroe has been working hard at school and his grades made Jia Hyson want to kneel down and weep. His little bro was so capable! He will surely succeed in life.

Maddy, after some encouragement from Jenna has learnt that being thrifty doesn't automatically make you lame and no longer feels ashamed at her poor household. By being less defensive and sensitive about her background she managed to catch a few likeminded friends and swapped neat life hacks about various things and having fun on a budget. Adrian appearing in magazines was also an unexpected bonus to her social life. Many of the previous girls who harassed Maddy in the original story no longer dared after the one time Adrian came to school to drop off lunch for her because they all immediately fell for his handsome gentle face.

If this wasn't enough, to make sure their familial bond stayed strong, Jia Hyson insisted everyone will have dinners together at least thrice a week now that he no longer has to work an insane amount of hours. Both Maddy and Monroe had no objections to this and soon the easy lighthearted interactions they used to have before the strain of being poor returned. Jia Hyson hadn't been truly aware of this strain until it was gone and suddenly it felt like a breath of fresh air had returned to their little family of three.

Going through Maddy's new blog post, something which she has recently started after Jia Hyson suggested it to help her writing skills, he can't help but smile helplessly while reading her latest kitchen flop with their leftovers. He types a message under the post telling her she needs to clean up before he comes back home. A few people comment at this, complaining about being constantly fed dog food, completely unaware that the blogger MadCheesey and the user BurgerBunny have a completely innocent brother-sister relationship.

"Who are you texting?" His current stylist asks curiously as he stains Adrian's blonde hair with pink and silver streaks. Proud of his cute sister, he shows her the blog on the screen. "Oh! I've heard of MadCheesey, I really like her five and under ingredient recipes the best."

"En," Jia Hyson says with obvious warmth and fondness. "She's my little sister,"

"No way," His stylist claps her hands in excitement, "can you ask her if she can do more desserts? I'm really a baking-idiot and it would be nice to show people I can make a cake without using box mix," both of them laugh at that.

"I'll ask her tonight," Jia Hyson promises.

"You should've asked her to come over today," The stylist lightly scolded, "I don't know what's happening but it seems like it's bring your kid to work day for the higher ups. I've heard the one of the media bigwigs is bringing his second son over and everyone with a daughter under thirty had brought them along for a 'fated meeting'."

"Maddy's too young to date," Jia Hyson immediately says before he could even think about it. The stylist pauses for a moment before giving an 'Ah so he's like that,' face and continues devotedly drying his hair.

"Your sister is lucky to have a big brother like you." She sighs wistfully.

The smile Jia Hyson gave her in return was blinding.

...

"That's enough! Good work Adrian!" James Christopher shouts as he pulls away from the camera with a satisfied look. Jia Hyson finally relaxes and starts to cough violently. During the shoot people kept throwing pink chalk-like dust at him and it had been impossible to not breath some of it in.

Taking pity on him, James pats him on the back where the pink dust hadn't completely covered him and gestures for an assistant to hand him a bottle of water and a damp towel. Jia Hyson takes both gratefully. "The last jump shot was very good this time," James comments, "you need to try be more aware of your arms and look more intensely at the camera but since this is meant to show a playful feel that can be ignored for now."

Jia Hyson nods to show he's listening as he thirstily drinks his water. James doesn't mind it since he knows how hardworking and willing to learn Adrian is since working with him. Currently they were taking photos to advertise a fundraising event that involved participating in various brightly colored fun events to raise money for shelter and clothing toward people in need. Each model represented a color and to avoid gender stereotype criticisms Adrian, who was the newcomer, was assigned the color pink.

He didn't mind it as much as some of the other male models who had been stuck with more 'feminine' colors did but he sort of wish it wasn't so... bright.

Bebe: It looks like the lovechild of a highlighter and a glitter pen threw up on you.

'It's okay,' he comforts himself sadly, 'this is what photoshop is for.'

"Hey kid, can I ask you a favor when you have your break?" James suddenly asks looking uncharacteristically nervous. Jia Hyson immediately turns all of his attention toward this middle-aged uncle, surprised that the man was even capable of nervousness. He had the type of personality that, if Jia Hyson didn't know better, made people think he was an ex-military general or something. If he had to describe the man in three words it must be strict, strong and stable. Whatever James was worried about must be important.

"Uncle, you're my benefactor, if it's within my power of course I will happily help you," Jia Hyson seriously says, using the full power of his blue eyes and angel looks to convey his utmost sincerity.

James could not help but be moved by this young man. "It's nothing too difficult kid," he assures warmly, "it's just my no-good son is around here and I would like it a lot of you could try strike a friendship with him, maybe some of your hardworking personality could rub off him."

Jia Hyson blinks, then squints a little doubtfully at James, "You brought Jacob here for the big boss' son?" He's heard many unflattering things about James' son, Jacob, both from James and Jenna, one of which was the grudging admittance that the guy was gorgeous enough for men to bend for. The fact that James invited his kid over to work today of all days felt a little suspicious.

James blanched, "What? No! I wouldn't let my son anywhere near the young master of the Lanzoni family. I'll be finished if that happens," he shudders at the thought. Jia Hyson really wants to meet this Jacob character whose incompetence strikes so much fear into this stoic uncle's heart. But then he recognizes the name of the family.

"Oh damn I didn't know it was Lanzoni," he mutters. Since he wasn't going to meet the male lead anytime soon Jia Hyson never bothered to read up on him, he only knew the man was practically a son of heaven- rich, influential and handsome with a secret love of cooking... And a pervert with a disgustingly large sex drive.

After spitting a few curses for the future lover of his sweet sister, Jia Hyson ponders about it for a moment before deciding to ignore this unexpected event. It's not like he can do anything to the male lead anyway. Right now he's just a cute little model who needs his paycheck  

"Mn, yes I heard the young master was dragged here in an attempt to coax him to think of seriously taking over the family businesses." James says, "When I heard about it I thought it was a great idea to do the same with my Jacob, at the very least the models will interest the boys into coming."

"You want Jacob to be a photographer like you?" Jia Hyson prods.

James shrugs helplessly, "It would be nice, but as long as it isn't completely daft I'll support him no matter what. The problem truly lies in the fact that he's got good eyes but no vision." He heaves a heavy sigh, "I don't know what I'm going to do with that brat if he doesn't get himself together."

Jia Hyson silently observes the stress lining the older man's face before he quietly tells him, "You're a good father, don't beat yourself up too hard. Jacob is fifteen? Sixteen? He still has a lot of time to grow up."

"I suppose," James sighs again, his worries for his only son clearly weighing on his mind, "anyway, Jacob should be hanging around somewhere here, probably surrounded by some of the less... tasteful women. You have two hours before your next shoot with the orange and yellow models."

"Sunset colors, nice," Jia Hyson compliments with a nod before leaving with another bottle of water. Scanning the area for signs of this unruly son of his benefactor he starts to walk out of the studio and into the slightly busier halls. He hasn't seen any photos of him but from the description he should be tall for his age, straight dark brown bangs and exceptionally handsome to the point it would not be surprising that a flock of women would gather around him.

Personally Jia Hyson had some doubts about that last part. After all, some models may be unscrupulous and it wasn't uncommon to hear about those in the industry violating the unspoken rules but Jacob was an underage teenager. Sure Jia Hyson has a rather limited and flexible moral conscious but he would never think of sexually taking advantage of a young child just for some material benefits!

Of course if he himself transmigrated into a world where he was a sixteen year old gorgeous young man that would be totally different.

Bebe: ...How?

Jia Hyson: Because I, as a fully consenting adult in mind and soul, would like to try seduce someone to the depths of hell.

Bebe: wtf

Much to his system's disgust, Jia Hyson can't help but feel his mouth water and his body tremble in excitement as he briefly indulged in his fantasy. The inner turmoil, the self hatred of a good person realizing they're nothing more than a depraved beast that wants to defile someone they shouldn't. Would they drown themselves in guilt? Would they blacken themselves? Ah, he wants to see them tremble as they try restrain themselves from pushing him down and tying him up...

Bebe: WTF

--My promised top level host is secretly a depraved man what to do-- I think my host is a sadist but also wants to get tied up what does this mean?? -- Is it too late to switch hosts?--

"Ah, that must be Jacob," Jia Hyson suddenly says as he notices a group of beautiful woman all swarming at the end of the corridor like ants to a piece of candy. "Okay so maybe Uncle wasn't exaggerating about his looks."

Taking another swing of water, Jia Hyson thickened his skin and began pushing through the sea of women. Thankfully, because of his dusty appearance, everyone quickly learnt to avoid him lest their skin and clothes get stained. This was even more true for the models who were currently wearing their assigned designer outfits as they waited for their next shoots to start. Some had even looked at Jia Hyson in horror like he was carrying the plague. It was quite demoralizing.

Finally, at the heart of the swarm, Jia Hyson saw Jacob. Despite being exposed to models daily, Jia Hyson couldn't help but admit that he was a little stunned at the sight of the young man. Having barely stepped into adulthood and being that handsome had to be some sort of heavenly-defying sin. Despite scolding all the older models for eying up young meat just a minute ago, Jia Hyson ashamedly felt his heart skip a beat.

Really.. really not good

Bebe: 

...

Drake Lanzoni was having a bad day. First, his father wanted him to follow him to one of the companies they own to observe how business is conducted. Second, his father threatened him to follow him to one of the companies they own to observe how business is conducted. Third, after finally threatening and dragging him there he was promptly ignored for an hour and a half before he finally gave up and left the meeting room. The fact everybody was too busy talking business to notice him gone irked him even more.

In the end, after hiding in the corner to play games on his phone, someone recognized him and soon all the money hungry crows had flocked around him with simpering voices and greedy eyes. Already in a bad mood it took a lot of restraint not to shove them all away, he'd already gotten into trouble for being too violent earlier, it wouldn't be good if one of these shallow vases dares to complain to his father and demand money for their silence. Drake tried to focus on his gaming, though that somehow attracted even more people to speak to him, coming closer to him to the point he felt claustrophobia as he becomes tightly surrounded.

Somebody finally couldn't take being so blatantly ignored and snatched his phone from his hands, "Ah, ah, don't you know it's rude to play games when so many people want to talk to you?" She playfully scolds but she couldn't hide the irritation in her overly sweetened voice. "If you're feeling overwhelmed why don't you let this big sister show you around instead?"

Clenching his fists, Drake was just about to yell at this bitch when a pink hand plucked the phone out of the woman's claws. "Big sister, don't you know it's rude to just take what doesn't belong to you? Stealing is wrong," a warm voice chides, loosely throwing the lady's words back at her. Drake looks up to see a handsome blonde man with a clean cut, friendly demeanor that contrasts greatly with his alluring peach blossom blue eyes and the... bright pink powder that seem to be sprinkled on him from head to toe.

"Who are you?" The woman who snatched the phone originally demands, her pretty face twisting and reddening unattractively. The man wryly smiles in her direction but from Drake's angle he could see the faint flicker of disgust in his eyes. He gives her an obvious once over before pointedly ignoring her in favor of handing the phone to Drake.

Drake reaches out for it dumbly but unexpectedly the man's other hand grabs his wrist. With only a sly wink as a hint to what will happen, Drake suddenly gets pulled off his seat and finds himself running with the handsome pink stranger through the crowd. Bursting out from the group, he noticed how much fresher the air was away from those stifling people. Intrigued, he picks up speed so he's no longer being dragged by the man.

Upon seeing Drake's sudden enthusiasm the man laughs as they continue to run. Drake felt his blood rushing and heart thumping even harder when he heard such a pleasant carefree sound. Suddenly he felt very aware that this man was still holding his wrist.

It was very warm.

Once they reach a lift, the man doesn't hesitate to press the button for the ground floor and heartlessly lets the door shut in front of some of the more stubborn women that had been chasing them. Panting for breath both of them look at each other and burst into disbelieving laughter.

"Hah, I really felt like some hero saving you from a horde of beautiful zombies," the man giggles childishly, eyes curving up with amusement.

"You.." Drake felt his face heating up. The man's carefully styled hair was now messily unrestrained, with his flushed face and wet lips it gave the already beautiful stranger a rather seductive and ambiguous air. "I, thank you,"

The stranger waves it off easily with a shrug, "Ah, no worries, no worries, oh right, here," he tosses the phone to Drake, "want to have lunch? I've got two hours free." The man looks at him expectantly.

Despite the fact he should be used to being the center of attention, being stared at so intensely like that with those eyes made Drake feel flustered. He fiddles with his phone as he helplessly says, "I don't even known your name,"

The man blinks, a little taken aback, "Your father didn't mention me?" He asks confused.

At the mention of his dad, Drake's mood immediately sours. "Why on earth would be mention you?" He scowls, cursing himself for being so naive, of course his father wouldn't trust him to be alone and sent people to watch over him.

The man squints his eyes looking genuinely confused and a little hurt, "I'm Adrian Marshall? Uncle James talks a lot about you so I assumed..."

"Oh, uh," Drake's mind was whirling. He quickly understands the situation after a moment of thought. He has met James Christopher and his son before and while he doesn't like him very much he is reluctantly aware that they share some similar traits. "I must have not been listening. Now that I think about it your name does sound familiar."

The man, Adrian, nods and accepts the excuse. Apparently he is somewhat aware of Jacob Christopher's personality then. Drake feels somewhat torn about this. On one hand, he's very happy to not be treated as the Lanzoni family's second young master for once, on the other hand he's being mistaken for James Christoper's idiot son...

"Well, your father is my benefactor who introduced me into modeling," Adrian explains straightforwardly, looking at Drake with an earnest face, "he asked me to see if we can be friends and talk some of the stupid out of you."

Drake Lanzoni: ...Such a nice looking face said something unexpectedly rude just then.

"Ah," Adrian looks a little embarrassed, "Sorry, your dad said that much nicer than that."

Drake Lanzoni: ... So those were your true thoughts then?

Finding it a little funny and enjoying Adrian's straightforward friendliness, Drake shrugs it off. "Ah, don't worry about it, at least I don't look like a walking advertisement for strawberry flavored bubblegum," he teases though since he's never really been so casual with anyone before it comes off a little awkward.

Adrian thankfully seems to have enough social skills for the both of them and plays along. He pouts, putting on an exaggerated wounded look as he clutches his chest like he'd been shot, "How cruel!" He gasps, "And here I thought we could be friends!"

Helplessly Drake's mouth curves into a smile, "You, you take a shower first then we can talk about friendship."

Adrian laughs again, it's not a very loud laugh, quite soft and gentle but still a little husky. Drake reaffirms to himself that it really is a laugh that is pleasing to the ear. And the smile as he laughs is pleasing to the eyes. Really, everything was just, quite.. pleasing. "You're very different to what uncle says,"

Drake stiffens a little. After all he may be the intelligent but he was still only seventeen and has been a more or less obedient if rather sullen child. He's never had to lie so thoroughly about something to this extent and was already feeling not a small amount of guilt for tricking this person he finds he really likes. "Uh, Mhmmm," he noncommittally hums before mentally slapping himself.

Adrian gives him a weird look but immediately shakes it off with a muttered 'Maybe there is just something wrong with his brain'. Feeling a little wronged but unable to protest, Drake quickly changes the subject. "So.. how exactly did, um, father introduce you to modeling?"

Luckily it seems Adrian doesn't have the best attention span and after only a moment of hesitation decides to give him some face and briefly recount how he met James Christopher's niece and in turn, James Christopher himself. Even though he didn't outright say it, Drake could read between the lines and see that Adrian's life hadn't very easy. Feeling a bit embarrassed about his own lavish lifestyle and not wanting to make Adrian think he was some ungrateful spoiled rich second generation, Drake quickly makes up a story about being teased and looked down on for his father's work in school.

Adrian looks at him sympathetically and the guilt inside him grows a bit bigger even as Drake inexplicably preens silently under Adrian's attention and the way he tries to encourage him. "Those kids are idiots," Adrian says seriously, before gently poking Drake's forehead, "but you're not much better! You're dad is working hard for your sake you know? Even if he's busy he still constantly worries about you, how can you dismiss such genuine fatherly love for some words spouted by shallow strangers? Understand?"

"En," Drake says, flushing a little at the scolding but his mouth was curving upwards in a pleased smile. Wasn't Adrian a little too... cute when he was worked up about something?

Seeing the smile Drake had been unable to hide Adrian seemed to get annoyed, puffing up his cheeks like an angry cat and looking even cute to his eyes. "I'm trying to be serious here! You-" Adrian pauses as a strange but familiar sound interrupts him. "are hungry?"

Drake wanted to dig a hole and bury himself as his body cruelly betrayed him as his stomach loudly gurgled for attention.

Adrian blinks, his temper quickly diminishing and amusement coming back. "Come on, I made myself some lunch let me go get it from my bag and we can eat outside."

"I.. I didn't bring lunch or my wallet," Drake awkwardly says. Truth be told he had ordered his personal chef to send his food to him when ever he called so it would be still freshly cooked but how could he tell Adrian that?! Instead he puts on a pitiful expression and touches him stomach, "is it okay if I have a little of yours?"

Adrian couldn't stop his heart from being moved by this handsome younger man's pitiful face. He was a poor older brother who became a model, his weak points were naturally food, children and beautiful looks. Adrian had never stood a chance. "Of course," he melts.

Little does he know, because of this Drake learnt the benefits of shamelessness.

Luckily Adrian made a sizable amount of food for himself. Generally his lunch consists of dinner leftovers or what was left after making Maddy and Monroe's school lunches however it was the weekend and Maddy had used up all the dinner leftovers to experiment with. This meant that Adrian had the opportunity to cook and eat a whole meal tailored just for himself. As a still growing twenty year old his appetite was large. Now that he has the money to afford it he wouldn't hold himself back.

Once they picked up Adrian's backpack, they headed to a nearby park to sit and eat. Drake stares at the box of food that was proudly unveiled by Adrian.

There were nine mini burgers placed neatly in three rows of three.

Drake: ...

Enthusiastically, Adrian describes each burger. There was two normal cheeseburgers, a double bacon cheeseburger, one with spicy mayo, jalapeos and chicken, a grilled fish burger and a vegetarian burger using eggplant steak, mushroom and feta. "The best part is that from the top you can't tell which burger is which so it's all a fun surprise," Adrian excitedly explains, rubbing his hands in his eagerness. When Jia Hyson had taken over Adrian's body not only did he pick up his skillset but also his mindset including likes and dislikes.

And it turns out Adrian really, really loved burgers.

"You only listed seven burgers," Drake counts, "what about the other two?"

Adrian grins and points at two slightly lighter buns in the box, "These are my sister's idea, they're dessert burgers. We cut the tops of some vanilla cupcakes, shoved a slice of brownie in between the cake and then spread cream cheese frosting and strawberry jam inside."

Drake raises a brow, bemused and intrigued, "Interesting idea, wouldn't it be too sweet though?"

Adrian winks, "Well I haven't tasted it altogether either so we'll both have to see won't we?"

They chat about what's it like modeling as they pick at Adrian's lunchbox. Drake finds himself enjoying himself immensely. Adrian's stories were all extremely entertaining and funny, it was like he was a natural storyteller. When the topic switched over to Drake's games Adrian proved he was good at talking but even better at listening.

"I'm naturally not a talker," Adrian admits truthfully when Drake comments on it, "I mean, I'm good at it but it's rather exhausting, listening is really more my thing."

"I don't mind," Drake blurts out, "I, I, you... you are nice either way."

Adrian blinks before pursing his lips in an attempt to hold back his laughter. He doesn't succeed, "Pft- ahaha, how are you so cute? You should meet my little brother, he is just as cute as you," Adrian smiles widely, dazzling the eyes.

'I can be cuter,' Drake silently thinks feeling an odd mix of flattered and discontent at the compliment. Outwardly he just smiles fondly as he takes a bite of his mini fish burger. It was very good, the succulent grilled fish and herb-lemon mayo complimented each other well and the tangy salad and buttery bun only emphasized it further. Even though his refined palate can taste that the ingredients were cheap, Drake still hums in contentment at the heartwarming taste. "This is very.. homey."

Adrian proudly accepts the praise, looking smug and happy. Drake couldn't help but wonder if Adrian would be as delicious as his cooking? He subconsciously licks his lips at the thought.

They talked and ate until only the dessert burgers were left. After both taking a bite of it, Drake and Adrian each made identical faces of disgust and laughed at each other with their mouths still full of overly sugary dessert. By the end of the the two hours Drake could confidently say they were friends and he felt very reluctant to leave this new friend of his.

"Do you really have to go now?" Drake whines knowing he sounded like a sticky child. "I can get someone to push back your schedule?"

Adrian ruffles his hair affectionately, "I can't inconvenience your father like that Jacob," he chuckles, thinking the teenager looked like an abandoned dog, "but hey, Uncle will be really happy if you visit the studio more so you can come over to meet here whenever I've got a shoot. See? Two birds one stone."

Drake stiffens. He had almost forgotten Adrian didn't know who he was. "Maybe," he smiles weakly. Luckily Adrian didn't notice his visible discomfort as he was checking his phone with a frown.

"Damn, I have to go, most of the other models are already there." Adrian curses. Packing up his stuff, he turns to Drake and ruffles his hair again. "I'll see you around okay?"

"Wait!" Drake calls out as Adrian turns to leave, "Can I, your number?"

Adrian smiles, "Your dad has my contact, get it from him later!"

"Ah..." Drake deflates a little. "Right, my father. Who's James Christopher. The photographer."

... Fuck

With Adrian gone, Drake Lanzoni's warm eyes immediately turn icy as he pulls up his phone.

He needs to make a few calls.




Jia Hyson spent the next four years in relative peace. His popularity as a model soared after that color fundraising advertisement, more than he really had expected. Every magazine he was in always had an increase in sales no matter where he was placed or which magazine it was from and job offers rolled in from almost everywhere. Both he and his little family were baffled by his sudden fame out of nowhere. Especially Jia Hyson and his system who both know very well his modeling skill could not possibly warrant such adoration.

Little did they know, somewhere else in A country, a certain wealthy second son of the Lanzoni family had a whole floor of his apartment dedicated to Adrian Marshall's work. Stacks of magazines packer the rooms and products Adrian had advertised filled the shelves. On the walls various posters of the gorgeous man were plastered everywhere. It was enough to make the toughened Lanzoni family bodyguards shudder every time they had to go in with their arms full of the newest magazine featuring this model. Adrian Marshall has become a special name in this powerful household that not even Samuel Lanzoni, the head of the family, would speak of lest he accidentally summons his son and is forced to endure an hour listening to what Adrian Marshall had did today.

Witnessing firsthand how far the Drake Lanzoni's unprecedented obsession went the family could only cry. Who cares if their most promising and (previously) sensible son was gay? Let him do whatever. They had three other children to pop out babies for and at least they weren't half as crazy as this son turned out to be! QAQ

Anyway, thanks to his newfound popularity, Jia Hyson had decided to follow his favorite phrase and kill two birds with one stone by involving himself in some acting. Learning how to act better and getting acquainted to different roles will only reap him benefits in the future after all. Still, he only took a few gigs at a time, unwilling to lose his time spent with Monroe and Maddy who had become busier with their education.

Monroe had grown into a tall and mouthwateringly handsome man that Jia Hyson can't help but stare greedily at whenever he had the opportunity to, and had received a scholarship for a prominent university for finance. Maddy has flowered into a sweet faced girl with a strong will and the ability to make a custard puff so good it could make your legs go soft. She had somehow developed a more fiery and almost delinquent-like temper than the original story but Jia Hyson wasn't too fussed about that. She was independent and strong, a good example of any main character, not to mention her boyish attitude soothed his brotherly worries somewhat as well. He even pushed her for fortnightly community self defense lessons.

See if that fucking scum male lead can defile her so easily now!

Bebe: I feel like host's intentions have strayed slightly

As told by the plot, the television show Home-cooked Miracle has become a household hit in the past two years. Jia Hyson had to admit it was very addictive to watch and he learnt a few new cooking tricks along the way as well. It appealed well to a wide audience, there was enough cooking to be considered educational, enough drama to get the blood boiling, interesting twists and anything too raunchy was censored for the children.

Maddy as expected loved watching it. She would remind everyone half an hour before it starts to get ready to watch it with her and then happily comment about everything while stuffing her face with her dinner. It was hard not to catch her enthusiasm and even Monroe, who was a spicy chicken when it came to cooking had slowly gotten interested over time as well.

Jacob also enjoyed the show, and more often than not Jia Hyson would exchange messages with him during the episode. While the number of times they had met during these years could be counted with one hand, they were constantly in communication. Jia Hyson found that he unexpectedly really liked the young man. How could he not? Jacob was handsome, intelligent, awkwardly cute and a little spoilt, not to mention handsome...

Bebe: 'You said handsome twice.'

Jia Hyson: 'Because he is twice as handsome as normal men, almost as good as my Monroe.'

Bebe: 'How handsome is Monroe?'

Jia Hyson: 'Three times handsome!'

Bebe: ...this sibling complex idiot...

Even the usually oblivious Maddy had noticed something was up.

"Are you talking to Jacob again?" She asks with faked casualness as she dices up some vegetables while Adrian absentmindedly cooks the handmade meatballs with one hand while tapping on his phone with the other.

"Jacob sent me a gift," Adrian primly replies. Curious, Maddy leans over to sneak a peek but soon her face were full of black lines.

Isn't that just a game gift? How boring!

"Since when do you play? You don't even like games," Maddy complains, feeling a little jealous at how this newcomer was stealing her beloved big brother.

"I don't like games that require actual skill and dexterity so Jacob recommended me this one." Jia Hyson explains with a smile, pushing his new phone toward Maddy, eager to show off, "Look, aren't my characters very cute? I only have one super rare one which is very ugly but powerful." Truth be told he only managed to pull out the super rare character from the lottery once he got impatient and asked Bebe to put all his remaining skill points into his abysmal luck. Unfortunately not only was the character ugly but it's main job was a priest so his team's attack power was still embarrassingly low. As someone who believes offense is the best defense in games it was a very sad sight.

Maddy stares at the offered phone wordlessly. Is this still the same brother who nagged her and Monroe about the terrible power of gaming? That old fashioned brother who had never even played Pokemon or Mario? Who doesn't even use the internet that much? Was this the power of love? "En, very cute," She helplessly says before quickly moving on, "so when do we get to meet Jacob? I've already met Jenna and Uncle James."

Jia Hyson frowns slightly, his face which has become even more attractive over the years twisting in disappointment. "I don't know, he says he's very busy. Every time I ask Uncle he tells me that his son is always out working." Ever since he first met Jacob, apparently he had suddenly gotten a job opportunity of a lifetime and was whisked away to J country to work. Uncle James was overjoyed for his son. He hadn't even known that the boy had been secretly sending out job applications all this time.

Upon seeing her brother's downtrodden expression, Maddy wisely lets go of the topic and starts to chat about how Jenna had invited all her friends to model some of her new designs. Jenna mainly focuses on menswear but now that she's making a bit of a name for herself she had decided to try branch out to do more female fashion. It wasn't really Maddy's thing but she looked up to Jenna like a big sister and was excited nonetheless.

Jia Hyson, acting as a good big brother listened attentively, nodding and making noises at all the right times as he occasionally stirs the meatballs in the pan but inwardly he was still thinking about Jacob.

At the time Jia Hyson was also happy for Jacob attaining a job but now after getting to know him further he felt a little conflicted. It had been a long time since he's genuinely liked someone for more than a few months before getting tired of them. He'd even had periods of time when he had gotten sick and tired of Maddy and ignored her for several days before forcefully mentally pulling himself back into his brotherly love mindset. Monroe was more aloof and wasn't around as much so he didn't have the same problem with him but Jia Hyson was sure that if they weren't family and this wasn't a mission he probably would have slowly pushed them away in favor of more interesting things.

Jia Hyson wasn't stupid. The fact that he still actively kept in contact with Jacob for years may not say much for others but for him it was worth seriously considering pursuing a long term romantic relationship for.

Jia Hyson: I wonder how he would look wearing a green hat? He's so cute, do you think he would cry? Or maybe punish me and lock me up?

Bebe:

Jia Hyson: I'm okay with either but both would be best really 

Bebe: You're the worst )

Thankfully for Bebe, other than getting easily bored and acting like a really twisted teenage girl in love, it's host was actually very hardworking and disciplined. After all if he wasn't, Jia Hyson wouldn't have been able to push out so many best selling books each year.

Of course he's notorious for almost never finishing a series and online many fans wish to burn him to death for leaving so many incomplete stories behind to make new ones. But, Bebe has decidedly ignored these facts a long time ago for the sake of it's sanity.

Finally it was two months before Maddy's high school graduation. The original family break up event was around there but this time the circumstances were very different.

"Maddy," Jia Hyson calmly says over dinner, "have you finally considered what to do next year? I met someone who's a professor at one of the best culinary schools in F country and they said they would be interested in taking you under a scholarship after a practical skills test. It's a once in a lifetime opportunity."

Maddy, who had been cutting into her steak happily stops. She bites her lips nervously and continues cutting her steak at a noticeably slower pace.

Monroe and Adrian glance at each other knowingly, they had discussed this topic beforehand since Maddy had become increasingly difficult to converse when her future goals are concerned. "Maddy, you'll be graduating soon. You need to start applying for higher education or an apprenticeship." Monroe prompts, despite his cold voice there's an undercurrent of worry for his sister. "It's fine if you don't want to go to culinary school there's other options too."

Jia Hyson can't help but swoon a little, such a cold-faced person with a sweet gap like this, he can't help but congratulate himself for raising such a fine man.

"I, I know what I want to do," Maddy whispers after a period of silence. She bites her lip again, refusing to meet anyone's eyes as she finally says in a voice even softer than before, "I want to go on Home-cooked Miracle."

Monroe stares blankly at her. Jia Hyson takes note of the reaction and quickly mimics it. He's fairly sure his acting was passable since Maddy shrunk timidly into her seat.

"You want to... are you serious?" Monroe demands, this time no emotion was leaked out, making him sound frighteningly cold.

Maddy nods and Monroe immediately slams the table. "I cannot believe you," He sneers, it was enough to make most people cower.

Unfortunately Maddy was not most people. Not only was she used to her cold-faced brother, she was the type of person who fought fire with bigger fire. Immediately she stood up from her seat, her temper ignited. "Is it so hard to believe?! What's the big deal?!"

"You are going to waste your opportunities as a new graduate just to gamble it all on some television show!" Monroe shouts back.

"It's not a gamble if I know I'm going to win!"

Monroe scoffs, making her even angrier.

"You said I have options apart from school!" She accused.

"And this isn't one of them," Monroe sternly replies, "You have no work experience, your grades are average at best, jobs right now are already difficult to find and now you're telling us you're going to possibly waste a year participating in something you may not win? Don't you remember the times Adrian had spent slaving away working for you, for us?" It was the most emotional Jia Hyson had ever heard from him, he was practically trembling. Moved, he stood up to lean up and gently kiss his sweet brother's forehead, stroking his back soothingly.

"There, there," he coaxes before he faces Maddy who was also near tears. At this point of the original story Adrian would have fueled the fire more in his own anger but this time Jia Hyson just smiled softly. "Maddy... I didn't work hard and abandoned my dream to be a chef just so you could as well. So," he sighs heavily, "so if you want to try win Home-cooked Miracle I won't stop you."

"Adrian!" Monroe protests but now that Adrian had agreed Monroe could only deflate, losing his self-righteous anger and leaving only anxiety. "Fine... I suppose I overreacted, some kids take a gap year after all."

"Adrian!" Maddy cries, and runs over to almost tackle him down with a weepy embrace. Luckily Monroe's strong body was enough to buffer the blow. As Jia Hyson makes soothing sounds as he pats the sobbing girl in his arms he mouths a silent thank you up to Monroe who smiles back with exasperated fondness.

"You really do spoil her too much," He murmurs into his ear, making Jia Hyson shiver a little as the heated breath tickles him.

"She's the type who'll only prosper when set free," Jia Hyson sighs affectionately as he pats her slim back, "you're like a wild horse aren't you Maddy?"

"Neigh," Maddy meekly jokes between tears making them all chuckle. It was truly a very warm family moment.

Bebe: Bebe is moved, this cheap host has done unexpectedly well 

Jia Hyson: I spent five years to personally rebuild the foundations of this shitty story and you still dare call me cheap? 

Bebe: Yes 

Jia Hyson: ...   you're cheap! You're whole family is cheap!

The next morning Jia Hyson drops another bomb in their household.

"You'll be applying for Home-cooked Miracle too?!" Maddy shrieks in surprise. Monroe didn't loudly vocalize his shock like his sister but if you looked closely you could see his hands were clenching so hard they were turning home white.

With Adrian's signature gentle smile, he shyly nods, "We have enough money to not worry for a while now that my last cheque cashed in and I realized, there's no reason for me now to not try fight for my dream like you..." his smile turns a little anxious, "if, if that's okay with you guys?"

"Whatever makes you happy," Monroe immediately says making Maddy who had been excitedly jumping with joy turn around and glare at him.

"How come your reaction to me going and Adrian going is so different?!" She complains, "Who's the blood related sibling here?"

"Exactly," Monroe nods in agreement as he moves toward Adrian to give him an almost possessive hug.

Maddy has nothing to say. In fact inexplicably she felt like her mouth was stuffed with dog food?

Because Adrian had more human resources than in the story, and had developed the need to dote on Maddy, he immediately called Jenna and Uncle James to help with their application videos to send to the network. The pair had been quite surprised at this rather sudden decision but having tasted both Maddy and Adrian's cooking before they quickly supported them. Since they were competitors they had two separate videos made.

Maddy, if accepted, would be one of the youngest participants there so they made use of that by taking some short clips of her in her graduation gown and other youthful clothing. Her video focused on how she always dreamt to be a chef like her big brother and how the youthful passion only burned brighter as she grew older. It was truly a heartwarming video filled that would move the audience.

Adrian took a different option. Because he was relatively famous and yet still new to the industry he was already practically guaranteed to be accepted into the show. With short clips of his time as a model and a few shots of some of the shows and movies he's participated in plus some background as a loving brother who had struggled to make money for his younger brother and sister created a story with a very lovable Cinderella-type feel. After looking through the tape, Jia Hyson felt that if they didn't pass an amazing person like him the network people simply had no hope for their future!

Bebe was torn between strangling this arrogant host who has been endlessly praising himself in the video and reluctantly adding to the praise itself. After all, it's host really did achieve his long term goals of having enough money preventing consequent stress and the family break up. Even then, to avoid the plot from reverting back, Jia Hyson had long ago decided to join Home-cooked Miracle with Maddy to act as a physical cockblock. While he's participated in various dramas and even a few movies, he had made sure to avoid any cooking roles that would invalidate his application. Even going so far as to reject a leading role in a fantasy food drama that became so popular Jia Hyson wanted to vomit blood every time he saw it airing.

Fuck he could've been rich all over again!

To further guarantee their place, Uncle James cunningly advises them to only put each other as family on their application forms. Then, with careful editing, he makes it so any scene they shared would just cut out the other person's face, with the different tones of their videos it would be difficult to figure out Adrian and Maddy were adopted siblings without being aware of it in the first place. Only the network will know of this plot twist. It's both a threat and a bribe really, after all if they don't accept both of them they wouldn't be able to use it.

Monroe who was the true bystander of all this was the one who suffered the most since neither Maddy nor Adrian wanted to cut him out of their family love segments. While flattered by this, it didn't change the fact Monroe was forced into multiple different outfits and scenes just to be a blurry part of the background or a silhouette. At best the back of his head is clearly shown as they all enjoy a shared meal together.

Monroe the background mannequin: ...

After sending in their applications, Jia Hyson, who was confident of them passing, began spending the afternoon when he was free practicing alongside an overexcited Maddy in the kitchen.

Originally his skill in cooking was a measly 13 points. It wasn't as bad as it sounds. His level of cookery meant he could make a decent meal as long as it consisted of just on cutting up some ingredients and frying it on the stove. Not to mention he had a good sense of taste. He just had bad hand-eye coordination. And an inexplicable inability to read the recipe instructions. And sometimes gets distracted and forgets to put a timer on. And...

Well. In any case. While Jia Hyson loved to eat good food. His ability to cook good food was low.

Luckily Adrian had a nice 68 skill points in the area, turning his 12 points into an amazing 80. Not only that, with constant practice and Adrian's almost disgusting obsession with burgers and sandwich related foods, Jia Hyson also learnt the special skill [Burger Prince level 1]. Every sandwich he makes will be 10% more delicious than usual. Once level 5 is reached it will automatically upgrade to Burger King.

He could probably become a professional chef with this amount of points. Or at least open a really popular food truck. Unfortunately neither of these was his goal.

'Bebe can I ask what is the skill point range of the contestants from Home-cooked Miracle in the initial episodes?' He asks.

'Around approximately 45 to 69.' Bebe obediently replies after a moment of calculations. Earning the amount of points in skill sets was a lot like earning grades in school. Learning enough to pass can be easy enough, but once you pass the 70 mark it evokes significantly harder to improve. For a home chef, 69 was already very impressive.

'What's Maddy's current cooking points then?'

'61.5,' Bebe informs, 'though that's probably due to lack of experience more than skills. She also has her golden finger special skills, Intuitive Eating and Unorthodox Cookery. Once she reaches 77 points she will automatically unlock Chef Queen which can be upgraded to Chef Empress.'

Jia Hyson nods, feeling satisfied with this result. A main character who is too strong at the beginning of the competition is too boring unless they were in a reincarnated dog-blooded face-slapping type story. Not to mention, with those special skills Maddy can more or less make up for her gaps in the trials thrown at her in versions interesting ways. Other than support her and stop her from fucking the male lead at first sight he shouldn't have anything else to worry about.

'Is it possible to take away some of Adrian's skill points in cooking?' He sighs.

'What?' Bebe sounds stunned. 'Why?'

'Obviously I don't plan on stealing the win from the main character,' Jia Hyson explains patiently, 'And it will be difficult to try fake a dish that both isn't too good or too bad. It would be easier to just take off my points and earn them back at a natural pace during the show but my original points aren't...'

Moved by Jia Hyson's intentions toward his work, Bebe decides, 'Normally this isn't allowed since the points gained yourself will naturally go back toward your skillset, but I will allow it in this case. We can temporarily move some of Adrian's points to some other skills instead.'

After thanking his system politely Jia Hyson immediately chooses to put points into his luck and speed, leaving his cooking skills to rate at a 65.

Bebe who was watching couldn't help but curiously ask, 'Just these two?'

Jia Hyson shrugs, 'Luck is an important factor in the competition. Now that I've put myself in as an unexpected variable, the challenges and surprise ingredients will not necessarily be assigned the same way as the story had foretold. And speed is good since every task has a time limit.'

'But...' Bebe hesitates, it was rare for his host to act so seriously, it was unwilling to insult him right now, 'You memory and concentration is rated at a 22 and 37 respectively.'

'That's what you're for.' Jia Hyson easily counters with a smirk.

Bebe: ...

It's okay. It already knows it's host would need to rely on it. Even if he had to sacrifice half his cooking points that moron still wouldn't be able to remember the three steps to make a box mix cake!  

"Oh, now that my luck has increased, I should see if I can get better characters on the lottery!" Jia Hyson exclaims, pulling out his phone excitedly. He had become well and truly addicted to the phone game recommended by Jacob.

Bebe: Fuck your mom! )

Meanwhile somewhere in A country Drake Lanzoni was busy making his application video to Home-cooked Miracle.

"My reason to come onto this show?" The blindingly striking features of Drake's handsome face tilted slightly to the side arrogantly. He looked every bit the domineering young tyrant he had grown up to be. "To prove that I'm the best," suddenly his phone vibrates. While the camera didn't capture who was texting him, it clearly caught Drake's face softening from his haughty expression into a faint smile unmistakably full of tenderness, completely different to how he's been in the rest of the video. Quietly he tacks on, "and to win over the person I love."




"Oh god, oh god, oh god, I can't believe this is happening, oh god, it feels like a dream, oh god!"

Jia Hyson weakly glares at his overly energetic and hyperexcited sister. His gentle brotherly act shattered an hour ago leaving a very grumpy silent man in its place. They had been specially picked up by a pre-arranged chauffeur from the airport and as nice as the car is, just an hour and a half of forced sitting in an enclosed area was enough to make his carsickness act up. His muscles feel too stiff, his head hurts, his nausea makes him want to vomit... and they still had two more hours of driving to go.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe, how many p for headache pills, motion sickness pills and muscle relaxants?'

Bebe: 'Basic medication is 30p each.'

Jia Hyson: 'You mean per box?'

Bebe: 'Per pill.'

Jia Hyson: '...' This BeBay shop is really too blackhearted!

With gritted teeth he asks for two paracetamol pills and something to knock him out for an hour. Unfortunately he was the type of person who couldn't sleep on a moving vehicle even if he wanted to and drowsy medication had never worked well on him so he was forced to take sleeping medicine from a more advanced world.

Bebe: 'That will be 160 p.'

Jia Hyson: Is there an item to improve body condition?

Bebe: Lowest grade items related to this cost 1050 p.

Jia Hyson:  

Even after swallowing the pills and experiencing the sweet release of unconsciousness, Jia Hyson still woke up after twenty minutes feeling on the edge of death. He looks over to Maddy who was playing happily on her phone and somehow feels even worse as he compares her current constitution with his own.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe, tell me the truth, your pills are fake right? These pills are as cheap as you aren't they? Come closer, I promise I won't hit you too hard-'

Bebe: 'BeBay has nothing but high quality goods. However, as a token of goodwill, Bebay will provide 50% refund for the intermediate sleeping pill.'

Despite feeling sick to the bones, once they pulled up to their destination Jia Hyson managed the strength to wipe off his sweat and put on a faint but gentle smile. Opening the car door he steps out and quietly inhales the fresh air of the more rural area the Miracle competition was held. Resisting the urge to stretch his muscles Jia Hyson keeps the door open so his sister can shuffle out, looking around with the expected shock and awe.

The building was large and held a magnificent outdoor garden filled with herbs and edible vegetation making the place less like an over glorified kitchen and more like a fancy mansion. Above the entrance was the logo for Home-cooked Miracle, a bright star with two clashing cooking knives and five smaller stars at the bottom. While their actual living arrangements were in a nearby separate building, this was the place where the main meat of the competition was held and therefore dropping them off here for introductions even before putting their bags away was understandable.

There was also another reason. One that will be revealed once the judges appear.

For now Jia Hyson focuses on trying not to empty the contents of his stomach on camera. Letting Maddy walk ahead of him, she exuberantly skips around, exclaiming about every little thing and looking like the very definition of youth. Many of the cameramen placed around the entrance focused on the show's youngest contestant's lively actions but there was no small amount of attention on Jia Hyson as well.

As they filmed Adrian, the men and woman behind the camera felt almost blinded by his beauty. Such long well proportioned limbs, slim waist, delicate yet defined features and that soft looking smiling expression framed by even softer looking blonde curls! As his gaze moves from the young girl toward the building, they could see his pale pink lower lip being lightly bitten as his already beautiful jade skin whitens even more making him look vulnerable and pitiful. Everyone watching felt moved and wanted to go over there to reassure him. Clearly this gorgeous young man was merely putting on a strong front for the other contestant's sake but was actually even more nervous than the young girl seemed to be. Who knows what he must be thinking right now?

Jia Hyson: 'Don't puke, don't puke, don't puke, fucking cars, don't puke, just take in the fresh air and, and, ugh, want to puke.'

Noticing how the cameras were all pointed at his face, Jia Hyson fearfully imagines how horribly pale and apathetic he must look right now when compared to Maddy who was... delightedly gawking at an apple tree. Helplessly his smile returns as he watches this silly girl and walks toward her. Because of his soft knees and stiff muscles, unknowingly his walking gait compensated with lazy, swaying movements that pulled attention to his lithe body and pert ass, turning his elegant allure into something more seductive and sexy. Even the people with cameras waiting for the next pair of participants couldn't help but drift toward Adrian's swaying hips, completely missing the oncoming car.

To add more drama in the first episode, other than the 'randomly assigned' pairings in each vehicle, the other contestants will not be able to meet anybody else before entering the building. Knowing this Jia Hyson quickly catches sight of a few network employees gesturing them to leave as the other car approaches and gently prods Maddy to take a step back and follow him. A little embarrassed by her childishness being revealed on camera she quickly agrees, boldly holding his hand and racing toward the entrance.

Of course, because it wasn't exactly subtle, everyone caught sight of the almost natural handholding and speculations filled their gossip loving hearts. Despite leaving the garden in an abrupt manner, they weren't fast enough and a pair of piercing dark eyes from the inside of the car stared expressionlessly at where the two people joined by the hands had gone.

...

Once they entered the building, they saw the familiar large open spaced room they had often seen on television. Two columns of ten stainless steel kitchen benches equipped with stoves and ovens were evenly placed, with a table on a podium at the very front of the room and on the left and right sides there were sliding doors that connected to two pantries with the amount of food stored inside comparable to a small grocery store. However unlike the usual scene on Home-cooked Miracle, there was a large wall sitting between the two columns of benches.

"Adrian, look! There's a sign!" Maddy squeals.

Jia Hyson rolls his eyes and ruffles her head fondly making her pout. He reads aloud, "A pair of lovers, tied by fate, separated by a wall, if one falls down the other must also kneel on the dirt and share their pain."

"What does that mean?" Maddy says puzzled.

"Well tied by fate is most likely how we were put into pairs when riding in the car. I suppose now we have to go our separate ways?" Jia Hyson theorizes, pretending to be just as surprised as well. Of course with the knowledge of the world's plot how could he not know about this all important first round?

First the contestants will be paired up in interesting combinations and forced to endure a three hour and a half car ride together. With hidden cameras the interaction between the two will be recorded, and whether they get along well or fight like cats and dogs they will separate once they enter the building. Once two groups are established they will fight amongst each other to avoid being the bottom eight who will go straight into an elimination round.

However the twist is, if a person from one side fails, the other half of the pair on the other side will automatically fail too. No exceptions. Even if they won first place, if their partner is incompetent they will inevitably be dragged down into elimination hell. It was a ruthless first round made to cull the numbers down and sprout the seeds for drama within the group. Really, if the author hadn't caught sperm in their brain three rounds into the competition this would have been an amazing story.

Originally Maddy was paired with her one friend in the show. While she had gotten third place, her rather meek friend ruined her dish due to nervousness, getting flustered by both the time limit, the cameras and the atmosphere causing them both to go into elimination. Jia Hyson, while strongly wanting to follow this part of the story well, was deeply unwilling to sabotage and let down his dear sister leaving him at a dilemma.

Bebe:  

Bidding each other a goodbye and good luck, Maddy went to the right and Jia Hyson to the left. An arrow pointing toward the food storage area prompted him to enter. That way they really wouldn't be able to catch sight of their rivals on the opposite side. Inside, other than an assortment of ingredients, was about nine people milling awkwardly together. Since there is supposed to be about thirty six contestants there was at least seven more left after him before it starts.

With a shy smile, Jia Hyson awkwardly waves at the group, "Hello, I am Adrian Marshall," he greets politely. "It's very nice to meet all of you."

The group, as well as the two cameramen all stare at him with stunned expressions. Suddenly a male god has descended! Even if the face wasn't familiar the name was. Wasn't this the popular young model and actor Adrian Marshall? Didn't he just play a supporting lead role in a big blockbuster movie? Wasn't he in that popular daytime drama a while back? Didn't they see him in a magazine? So handsome ah! How is he better looking in person?! No wait, what is he even doing here?! 

Seeing that no one replied back to him, after a minute Jia Hyson puts on a sad and very pitiable hurt expression before wandering off to familiarize himself with the storage space while snickering in his heart. Of course with his beautiful face, and inherently gentle demeanor, this look of sadness immediately pierced everyone's hearts making them feel very guilty, especially the mothers and fathers. What celebrity? All they can see is a sweet, polite but lonely child who had tried to reach out only to be slapped away by his own fame.

With such nonsense in mind, many took the initiative to go over to speak with Jia Hyson. Even the ones who were not moved followed, attracted by his fame and looks as well as unwilling to look unsympathetic so early on in the show. After all, this show was so popular it was watched globally, there were few people thick skinned enough to endure the world's hate. Of course, there were many that were stupid enough to provoke it.

And how could this dogblooded smut story not have two or three of those? Eddie Walker was one of them. Instead of crowding Adrian, he stays put and sneers at the cameraman that had stayed back to film the loner. "Tch, getting teary eyed because no one will say hello back. Who cares if he's famous? Such a sissy won't last a day in this kitchen."

There was also Shirley Pattinson and Harley Malone in his group. These two as well as four other girls can be summed up into one of two groups- Poisonous White Lotus and Bullying Backstabbing Bitches. These two were in the latter group. Jia Hyson couldn't hide how uncomfortable he was by the shameless bold flirting the pair were doing as they forcefully clung onto his arms, mashing their breasts against them while fluttering their eyelashes and asking about his job. They were almost comically shameless. His helpless look was very adorable and a few of the more sensible participants tried to help him dislodge the poisonous parasites however they could only back away with red faces as the women spat terribly rude and disgusting insults at them.

Really, it was like they couldn't have been written to be anymore hateful and annoying.

Once their true selves were quickly revealed, Jia Hyson made a face of disgust. Finally getting the excuse to throw them roughly off without looking abusive, he goes to comfort a particularly hurt older woman while the rest of the group follows, not wanting to associate with these venomous people. The pair of girls immediately try to wash away their blackened selves by blaming the other, causing them to fight and separate into different corners of the room.

This is what the next contestant was greeted with- three people standing with ugly faces in the corner of the room while a small lively group were chatting warmly in the last corner. In the middle of the small group was a very handsome man. What fool would not go over there? This pattern continued on until everyone who was supposed to be there was there.

Jia Hyson looked at his group with some satisfaction. While some of the people in this group had changed a little, the important ones still stayed in the same groups. On his side he has the bullies Shirley and Harley, the chauvinist pigs Eddie Walker and James Cartwell, the womanizing scum Daniel Green, a white lotus named Charlotte Stevens, and the meek friend Anne Brooks. This meant that Maddy had the male lead Drake, two white lotus called Milly Trainor and Susan Bee, and another bully, the friendly joker Eric Jones and the love rivals Lex Grey and Ryan Powers.

...Wasn't his group a little too terrible?

Luckily it also seems that he's gotten some sensible mob characters as well and by the time the last person had entered the room with the message to come back out, Jia Hyson had successfully charmed the majority of these minor characters with his witty storytelling, beauty and the occasional namedropping. The white lotus and the womanizer especially were taken with him while the shy Anne hovered around with a blush dusting her cheeks every time she glanced at Jia Hyson. Even the crew were entranced, the ones assigned to look over the sulking cannonfodder couldn't help but look longingly at the cheerful corner of the pantry as they hated their blocks of iron that refuse to turn to steel.

Smiling and chatting as the group walks out of the storage room they all immediately become excited as standing in front of them is one of the three judges of Home-cooked Miracle, Morgan Durand. Jia Hyson frowns inwardly. Morgan Durand was meant to be the judge on Maddy's side. This side should have been hosted by the nicest judge Olivia Rivers.

Quickly Jia Hyson lets his discontent go. It's no big deal he supposes. Even though Olivia was kindhearted she was certainly not soft and all three judges were very impartial to anything that wasn't their own tastebuds.

In almost every cooking competition there was always three judges with three types of personalities- the nice one, the cold one and the hot one. Morgan Durand was the cold one. A stern, aristocratic Frenchman with an eye for presentation and high class cuisine. Despite being the oldest at fifty-six, Jia Hyson not so secretly found him the most attractive and was quite a fan.

This was probably the main reason why he didn't mind the plot being slightly altered in this manner.

Jia Hyson: 'Ah my male ice god Morgan! Look at those cold eyes! That slicked back salt and pepper hair! The lines on his face that make him look so severe and terrifying! Such a villainous tyrant!' 

Bebe: 'Bebe cannot understand host's tastes.'

Jia Hyson: 'Let me try explain this to you simply.'

Bebe:

Jia Hyson: 'Sweet, salty, sour, spicy, icy, bitter- they are all to my taste... Especially if they come with a strong jar of vinegar.'  

Bebe: 

"Welcome home chefs," Morgan Durand's strong French accent reverberated through the room, perfectly in sync with the light and airy voice of Olivia Rivers. Clearly they had practiced this in order not to disrupt each other. Though while the female judge seems enthusiastic, Morgan seemed downright bored as he surveyed his group. "It seems we can make a miracle of you yet."

Jia Hyson: 'Aah, even his sneer is cute! Too domineering! Daddy-' 

Bebe: 'Please... please shut up...'

At this point the duo of judges started explaining the rules. In consideration for the end result the judges took turns talking, each voice clear and loud enough for the other side to hear so nobody missed out. Two hours were provided to make three plates of food befitting the theme. Olivia's side was given the theme of day and Morgan, night making everyone from either side feel the same amount of stress at such vague themes. Jia Hyson who had mentally prepared to make a dish befitting the theme of day also wanted to cry. At least the food cupboard will be open so he has the chance to change his mind midway.

"Your time starts... now!"

Everyone rushes to the food storage in a mad dash. Adrian in comparison runs toward the closest bench and starts frantically writing ideas in the given notepad provided.

"I have no idea what I'm doing," he confesses to the camera who was stalking him, giving it a wry smile he tilts his head toward the storage area filled with shouting and what sounds like actual physical violence happening in there. "It's better if I plan it out first then go in when it's less... dangerous."

Morgan Durand who was still standing in front of the room watches the model with assessing eyes, a hint of approval in his expression. Olivia who can see him clearly, slides her way next to her fellow judge. "Someone caught your eye already? That's fast," she teases before her eyes rest on the person Morgan was looking at, raising her eyes in disbelief, "Adrian Marshall the model? I thought you didn't like him."

"I thought he wouldn't take this competition seriously," Morgan corrects, "I was wrong."

She nods as she continues watching the handsome boy, "Planning is an essential part of cooking, while some people are talented enough to make it on the fly it is still very good to have a habit like this. He must have some strong mental fortitude."

Jia Hyson: 'ying ying ying I don't know what to do! Bebe save me!'

After crying out in his heart until he was satisfied Jia Hyson quickly writes down his ideas. Unfortunately his special skill - sandwich making- couldn't be shown off here but the combination of his past experience tasting different food and Adrian's skill, there was no way he should fail in the first round where everyone's skills were just as low as the bar.

'Bebe bring up the recipe for squid ink pasta.' He orders as he sketches out his final idea feeling confident. Since Bebe can see the finished image in his mind, it makes a noise of appreciation and brings the recipe to the forefront of his mind.

'If there's blue food coloring Bebe recommends you add a drop or two to make a more vibrant color.' It prompts getting a little excited.

After writing down the main ingredients he needs, Jia Hyson smiles in satisfaction before running off to the food storage... only to stop just before reaching the area to turn back with his tail between his legs and awkwardly snatch his forgotten notepad with embarrassment.

The cameraman: '...'

Morgan: '...'

Olivia: '...'

The contestants already working on their benches: '...'

Bebe: '... How is your memory so bad?'

Jia Hyson: 'I also don't like this spicy chicken memory! Don't look at me!' 

With a renewed determination to win, he quickly grabs the ingredients he needs and runs back to his station to start cooking. The large room was soon filled to the brim with the sounds of sizzling, frying and amateur chefs explaining what they were currently doing with their ingredients to the cameras. Jia Hyson who had already established his appalling memory didn't bother to hide it anymore so whenever a camera rolled toward him, they would always see the beautiful man muttering to himself as he constantly checked, rechecked, and checked again the things he wrote in his notepad while cooking his food.

"I see," Olivia giggles as she once again slides to snoop at the other side, "it's not as much as that he's prepared it's more that his memory isn't very good. He's really very cute isn't he?"

Morgan didn't say anything but the fact he didn't deny it all already spoke a lot. In the future when the season aired to the public and Jia Hyson saw this scene he was so ecstatic he jumped up and hit his toe on his lover's coffee table.

"Twenty minutes left!"

"Fuuuuuuuccc-" The person behind him swears followed by the sounds of pots and pans falling. Jia Hyson silently agreed with the sentiment but didn't dare look back, too busy worrying about his own dish. He had forgotten to boil the water and consistently switches between cursing Bebe for not reminding him and begging any god listening to help heat his water faster. Luckily everything else was going relatively smoothly. His homemade squid ink pasta was ready to be cooked, his salmon was frying and his buttery garlic prawns and squid rings were waiting to be cooked in the last fifteen minute, and the salmon skins were drying in the oven.

Cooking was so stressful! Jia Hyson once again sneers at this world's male lead. This competition was so hard and yet he can still think so greedily about sex with his sister ah? Really, such talent, such confidence!

While Drake Lanzoni was frying up some potato crisps and excitedly thinking about Adrian's surprised expression when they meet, unknowingly his true identity was being blackened beyond repair by his own beloved.

"Fifteen minutes!"

"Boil, boil, boil!" Jia Hyson chants frantically, throwing more salt into the pot of water. Once a few bubbles started to pop up he wasted no time in dumping his freshly made pasta inside. "Cook, cook, cook!"

His salmon were resting and that was pretty much the only thing that was, as Jia Hyson rushes to fry, chop and stir like he's never done before. Luckily now that tension had reached fervor pitch Bebe had decided to be more active in its help, reminding him to check the sauce and make sure nothing is burning. At the very least it was no longer so mentally demanding on him who has no memory or attention span.

In the last five minutes only then could he take a breath and just focus on aesthetics. Twisting the midnight blue pasta into a hill shape, he crunches up the crispy salmon skin and dusts it over so they glittered like stars against the night sky. Jia Hyson can't help but grin proudly at how well it looks before he places a fat piece of salmon on top.

Bebe: 'Why does it look like a pink whale is being swallowed up by a whirlpool?'

Jia Hyson looks a little helpless at the comment. While the bright pink of the salmon complimented very well and accentuated both the juiciness of the fish and the elegance of the star studded squid ink pasta, the salmon he picked was indeed too plump. The weight has caused the little pasta hill to flatten, it really did look like something sinking into the ocean. Not to mention, it took up too much space on the plate, leaving no room to add his prawns and squid.

"Three minutes!"

... he really misses just being a simple writer.

Swearing under his breath, Jia Hyson uses his long legs to sprint towards the shelf of bowls and plates. After scanning them for a moment he finally picks out a long dark blue rectangular plate to bring back. Instead of three separate plates why not one large plate to share? Laying the pasta onto the plate he uses some chopsticks and a fork to manipulate it to form waves, occasionally twirling some pasta here and there to place a little prawn on top, with a squid ring around it they looked like cute little seafood saturns.

He even went so far as to boast about his little planets in front of the camera like a child seeking praise, unknowingly throwing meng and giving his original mature elegant older brother appearance another critical hit.

Bebe: 'Host, your taste is unexpectedly quite childish.'

Jia Hyson: 'But it's very cute ah! Do you not like it?'

Of course even though the plating looked charming the placement of the fat salmon steaks still haven't been decided. The fatty salmon was the main meat of the dish, and while Adrian was good at cooking red meat, Jia Hyson personally enjoyed seafood and had trained himself to cook perfectly done fish. If the salmon wasn't on the table, his skill presented on the plate would be cut by half.

"One minute."

In a fit of panic, Jia Hyson grits his teeth and tears up two of the three pieces of salmon into shreds to sprinkle around the dish with the crackling skin. Then stares at what he's done and regrets it almost immediately.

Bitterly he squeezes a lemon over the end result, adding salt and pepper as well.

"-aaand that's time! Step away from your stations!"

Jia Hyson groans and buries his head in his hands. He really didn't know what he could have done with the fish but clearly it shouldn't have been what he did. Hopefully the taste will make up for the messy presentation.

Morgan who had been walking around, silently assessing everyone's works and even quietly asking a few questions cleared his throat, drawing everyone on this side of the room's attention. "We will be judging the other side first. For now you may all have a small break, feel free to chat amongst yourselves or go to the monologue room to record anything you want to say."

With an anxious heart, Jia Hyson turns to face the bench behind him. A burly man who was sweating like a pig looked back at him and they exchanged uneasy smiles. "How did you go?" Jia Hyson asks, recalling that the source of a lot of the swearing throughout the cooking time came from this man.

"Shit," The man laughs awkwardly, "totally blanked on the theme you?"

Jia Hyson laughs as well, after all there was no better way to cultivate a friendship like joking about their mutual failures. "I may have took the brief a little too literally." He smiles bitterly, taking a step to the side and gesturing to his dish. The man leans over and chuckles at the sight.

"Well, you definitely can't deny the theme I suppose. I get the prawn planets, but what's the other stuff?"

"Salmon." He shrugs not wanting to explain before looking over at the man's dish. "What did you make?"

The man's face instantly turned embarrassed, after all while Jia Hyson's dish looked like it had been finger-painted by a child that gave it a sweet, homely charm while his own meal...

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: '... you know what, if everyone else's is like this you may actually win.'

"It.." Jia Hyson struggles to find something to say, "Did you also use squid ink to get that color?"

The other man shakes his head, looking even more ashamed, "Didn't occur to me at the time, just used regular old food coloring."

"Ah, well, if the steak is cooked perfectly and the sauce tastes good I'm sure you'll be fine," he comforts faintly. In his heart though he can already see the man going home.

Because he made a black steak. With a runny black sauce. Or maybe he made black sauce that ended up staining the steak. And staining the potatoes and the mushrooms and the plate... there was really no color anywhere. It was a little scary.

Jia Hyson: 'I want to write a horror story about this. The protagonist and his friends are captured and is forced to eat this pure black food that tastes like oil and tar, tears and snot stream down their faces as they choke down the food shaped poison. One even vomits but has to lick it up while everyone horrifiedly watches. If despair had a taste then this would be it, and then it's revealed that the meat is actually-'

Bebe who can see the images in it's twisted host's head: QAQ

Actually, Bebe had forgotten that Jia Hyson's stories while widely varied in genre were generally lighthearted and comedic, he also had a very strong following of fans... for his horror and thriller screenplays. Jia Hyson had wrote many stories adapted into tv shows and movies but the only scripts he had ever written were for horror. Why?

Jia Hyson: 'I can kill who I want, I can save who I want, watch as I make the handsome protagonist suffer a thousand cuts! The world's life is truly in my hands. I really like the feeling of playing god like this. Watching these characters and monsters come to reality is very satisfying.'  

Bebe: ..really want to change hosts. QAQ

Joking aside, that man's dish was really hard to look at. When the third judge appears, Jia Hyson is forty percent sure this macho man will cry.

If Olivia Rivers is the nice one and Morgan Durand is the snobbish one, the last judge is the scary temperamental one. While he can be supportive and kind, his temper is foul and he is very willing to yell at anyone in the kitchen. Service challenges where contestants have to work in restaurants or other public places were truly made in mind t not only provide experience in a proper cooking environment but also to showcase this judge's pure unadulterated rage.

Having watched this television show for the two years it broadcasted, Jia Hyson was very confident that if this judge yelled at him like he does in those service challenges he will undoubtedly burst into tears. Even in the story Maddy's protagonist halo could not save her from crying in front of this terrifying judge. This author must truly loves this horrible character to death!

After chatting a bit more with the large man, an intern rushes to warn everyone to get back to their stations before running off again. Once the intern had left, the three judges had already walked around the separating wall to their side of the podium. The directors of the show were quite smart. Not only did this action ensure everyone would notice the judges the moment they stepped in, exaggerating the strength of their presence, it looked like it was done more or less naturally, especially with the power of editing.

Olivia was waving at them with a sweet smile, while Morgan next to her nodded at everyone in an aloof greeting. But everyone's eyes barely registered this, too busy staring at the man leading the pack.

Chef George Rackford.

Neither the tallest or the youngest, nor the most attractive and yet somehow he was the most striking. He made everyone hold their breath and lower their eyes without even meaning to. A fierce king of cookery that these unskilled chefs can only bow down to for now. Jia Hyson has met film emperors with less presence than this chef.

"I'm sure you know who I am," George Rackford says, voice loud and clear, "but what I'm interested is who you are. Are you a person who can push yourself to the limits? Someone imaginative? Resourceful?" His blue eyes scan the room, piercing all that catches his sight, "In the next few weeks we will find out what sort of person you are in this kitchen, and we shall either see you grow or we will weed you out."

Everyone sat and absorbed his words with both anticipation and nervousness. Finally the tension broke when George smiles. Despite having a bad temper that didn't mean he wasn't a kindhearted and good person, after all what show would be crazy enough to bring an abusive man in? George Rackford was popular because he was actually a soft passionate man, especially to children, and yet a demon in the kitchen. Jia Hyson secretly wondered if it was all a big act or was this man actually just bipolar?

"For now lets see what you have brought to the table," he says and oh god, Jia Hyson wants to cry as he suddenly realizes the disadvantages of standing in the cooking station closest to the front.

Generally the judges will make the contestants bring their dishes up to the podium for them to taste. However after the third time someone in the first episode dropped their plates or tripped over due to anxiety, they learnt their lesson and decided to taste the food at the stations themselves this time. Jia Hyson plasters on a faint smile which was returned by the judges.

"H-hello," He stutters before pulling himself together, "My name is Adrian Marshall and I made squid ink pasta with salmon, prawns and squid rings."

George Rackford nods, "It's nice to meet you Adrian, can you tell us why you chose this dish?"

Jia Hyson nods back, putting on a more relaxed smile that made his face give off an innocent, youthful air which would make it hard for anyone to get upset looking at. Using up all his abilities as a famous author he bullshits some made up symbolism and meaning on how the night sky is reflected in the ocean and constellations and various old folktales to do with creatures living in the sky. All three judges, who had previously looked somewhat neutral when observing the dish now looked mildly impressed.

"I'm surprised that you came up with something like this so quickly." Olivia compliments.

"While the plating is very crude, the intent of the design is present. No one can deny that those aren't planets, that the pasta doesn't look like waves and the salmon skin crackle doesn't produce a rather marvelous effect." Morgan observes. "Though tearing up the salmon was N unfortunate decision, given that you already made the mistake of picking the fish without consideration to the end result there wasn't much you can do at that point."

Jia Hyson nods shamefully, fully aware of this. He didn't make any objects or excuses to this, making the judges' already fairly good impressions of him heighten slightly.

"I see you have one fish you haven't mangled?" George suddenly asks.

Jia Hyson blinks before hurriedly getting his last fish sitting sadly alone on a simple white plate and setting it in front of the trio. "Ah yes, luckily I didn't shred the one too the or I suspect I would have to rename my dish as something entirely different." He lightly jokes.

Olivia titters lightly, "Cute and silly, we really have a good haul of chefs this season."

"In this manner you really do reflect well in this dish." George agrees amusedly as he picks up a fork, making Morgan huff with faint laughter.

The cute and silly Jia Hyson and his cute and silly food: '...'

As they pulled apart the fish, there was really only way to describe it.

"Beautiful," Morgan breathes.

The salmon easily fell apart under the slightest pressure of the fork. Like a jewel, the slightly darker pink meat of the inside shone under the bright lights of the kitchen. The warm fragrance of herbs and lemon permeated through the fish seemed to burst open making everyone nearby swallow with hunger.

"It really is a pity you didn't keep this," George sighs disappointedly, reluctantly moving the fork away since it would be against the rules to taste and judge something that hadn't been on the plate. "I think even Morgan can agree that even if you sacrificed a bit of the visual impact the beautiful of the fish could have spoken for itself."

"Yes," Olivia says, cheerfully ignoring Morgan's irritated glare for being cut off right as he was about to speak, "Even just leaving the fish off completely would have been good as well, the salmon skin crumbs look very handsome against the pasta, but the shredded salmon causes the effect to be lost."

After this critique they tasted the food and felt that there wasn't many flaws with it. The homemade pasta was perfectly made and cooked, the seafood were all near perfect and the overall combination of tastes was cohesive and delicious. Appearance aside the three judges praised it highly making Jia Hyson beam happily, blinding the nearest camera with his smile.

Without editing, the time it takes to go through everyone's dishes in the first round was very long and soon Jia Hyson inevitably got hungry. He hadn't eaten anything on the car ride since he had felt so sick and he had just spent hours sweating over a very nice dish that was barely half-eaten. Not to mention the alluring smell of various food filled the kitchen, making it impossible to think of anything else. He wasn't buddha! How could he not want to eat?

Sneaking a peak at everyone, it looked like they were too concerned over what the judges were saying to the womanizer Daniel about his choice of sauce. Only a single camera was still filming him.

Feeling embarrassed but knowing it would be far more humiliating if his stomach starts to growl loudly on national, no, international television, he decides to fulfill his stomach's wishes. Throwing a bit of meng by pursing his lips cutely and making a shushing gesture, eyes wordlessly saying 'This is our little secret yes?' He quietly picks up a spare fork and starts digging in to his fish.

Jia Hyson:  ! 'I am really... too good!'

Even if it was a source of criticism, Jia Hyson right then was fairly pleased with the large portion size of his fish. Because now it can fill his stomach! If he had to go through the rest of the day without food who knows what sort of ugly face he would have made.

"-you still have the face to call this cooked?!" George suddenly shouts, causing Jia Hyson to turn around curiously while he chews. It seems like someone had the courage to talk back on the first day. He vaguely recalls that the author had a brief scene like this written to not only show off Chef George's personality, but also to establish the sheer arrogance of Eddie Walker.

While they were a lot of hateful characters, Eddie was the most outspoken and stupid. It wasn't a bad move on the author's part, make one or two characters to draw everyone's aggro so the other terrible ones can slip under the radar for later. If they all were as obvious as Eddie Walker not only would their presence be greatly diminished it would also be such a mess to read.

Well... even more of a mess anyway.

"I'm just saying," Eddie tilts his head up, unable to completely hold back the annoyance in his face, "everyone has different definitions of well done, I personally like mine a little raw."

"Oh, a little raw?" George mocks getting even angrier. If Jia Hyson six stations away could see the disdain and self-importance on Eddie's face how could the sharp-eyed judges not? Even Olivia's pretty face was starting to look a little ugly. After all while they've met a few people on the show who thought their criticisms were in the wrong there was no one who had protested about such a simple thing!

They couldn't tell the difference between cooked and uncooked? As respected professionals in the cooking industry who could bear such an insulting implication?! This amateur was too arrogant!

"Look at this!" George shouts, pointing at the cut open fish, the undeniable translucent pale pink flesh was revealed in the middle. And this wasn't a salmon where pink flesh meant good, it was a piece of snapper, a white fish. "Even sashimi isn't this raw! If a fish jumped out of the river and took the time to crawl onto my plate right now it would probably be better cooked than yours right now!"

The only one angrier than the judges at this point was Eddie. His face was red and his fist clenched, like he was barely holding himself back from punching a world-class chef. Still, he had some intelligence so after a tense moment he backed down with a lowered head, barely appeasing the trio of judges.

"If you're still unconvinced, you should look at Adrian Marshall's." George sneers, "Adrian, can you show Eddie your, what did you call it Eddie, definition of a perfectly cooked fish?"

Jia Hyson chokes on his mouthful of fish.

 They never did this!

"Adrian?" The burly man in the station in front of him turned around as well as everyone and every camera else.

Judges: '...'

Eddie Walker: '...'

The rest of the contestants: '...'

The cameramen: '...'

Jia Hyson holding a plate of half eaten salmon: '... QAQ'

"I.." Jia Hyson really wanted to bury himself right now, "I was really hungry..."

His image as the gentle, mature and sexy older brother type was ruined on the first day!

Maddy better fucking remember him when she marries into money because he was going to lose all his future modeling jobs at this rate 

Jia Hyson: '... I can suggest to edit this out of the story in the notebook right?'

Bebe:   'This stupid fuck...'

In the face of a beautiful man who wanted to die from shame, the mood immediately lightened. Everyone after a period of stunned silence burst into amused laughter, including the previously enraged judges. Jia Hyson good-naturedly played along with the subsequent teasing and was given permission to continue his meal with a cheeky wink from Olivia.

After a moment Jia Hyson decided his hunger outweighed his shame and thanked her gratefully with flushed cheeks and took another mouthful, making almost everyone chuckle and smile again.

After about half an hour the judges stepped back up onto the podium, and the dividing wall was slowly lifted. However before the contestants could get a good look at their rivals on the opposite side, George started to speak again, capturing their full attention.

First he praised everyone for stepping up the abrupt challenge and warned everyone there were many more to come since the road to being a top chef was far from being easy. Then he let his fellow judges step up and announce the top three dishes from each side.

"For those who cooked with the theme of day, I think you did all brilliantly!" Olivia beams, "However as difficult as it was to decide, there were three of you that really shone among the rest- Drake Lanzoni, Susan Bee and... Lex Grey! Congratulations!"

Everyone politely claps for them while hiding their disappointment or resignation. Jia Hyson meanwhile was very panicked. Other than the male lead, the top three were different! This may not have been so important if Maddy wasn't supposed to be there but she is!

This was the important plot point where beforehand the male lead and Maddy somehow get into an argument and they bet that they'll be able to place in the top three. When it was revealed that Maddy got top three Drake felt a grudging respect and rivalry for this no-nonsense yet unorthodox young woman. It was this respect that allowed affection to wriggle its way very quickly into his haughty heart.

Ah, the male lead seems to be the type to fall in love hard and fast... emphasis on hard.

But now the flag was destroyed!

Inwardly he was fretting terribly but then Bebe saved him with its words.

Bebe: 'Didn't you want to delay their relationship? Just let them cultivate feelings slowly.'

His system was unexpectedly insightful and intelligent!

Bebe: ungrateful host!

Yes wouldn't this draw out the love-hate relationship and fuel the flames of hot blooded rivalry even more?! Wouldn't this story be more exciting?! With this Maddy will aim to work even harder! Surpass the arrogant rich boy! Her hatred will engrave his sneering face into her heart, working to beat him, to show him hard work can beat talent, to make him kneel and acknowledge her.. to be equals.. to be worthy.. eh? When did her feelings turn into this? Could she be?!

Adrian grins widely. It seems things will be smooth sailing from now on.

While Adrian was imagining his easy life after the competition, Morgan stepped forward. "While there were many obvious mistakes in everyone's cooking, overall you all have done decently." He says with almost no inflection, "Some did better than others, Daniel Green, Adrian Marshall and Anne Brooks... good job."

Jia Hyson: 'Aaaaahhhh daddy praised me!' 'Today really is a good day! Praise me more! You can do so on your knees or when I'm on my knees! I don't mind!'

Bebe: Ah.. it seems host is a switch?  Whatever, Bebe doesn't care anymore.

Jia Hyson: 'You gave me a good job I can return the favor with a blowjob! Maybe if you wish me good luck I can give you a good fuck!' 

Bebe: ... !

Jia Hyson continues to bask under his male god's compliment and anger his system into silence while the judges reveal their special plot twist. Once they finish Jia Hyson obediently puts on an expression of worry and concern. He had already passed and he believed that Maddy had done well, she was destined to more or less coast through smoothly until the third round after all. If he didn't believe in her at least he believed in that protagonist halo!

As the names of the unfortunate souls were listed off, as expected Maddy was not called. Those that were had black expressions of despair and resentment toward their unwitting partners. Susan Bee who had won a place in the top three of the day side had an especially ugly look as she glared at her pale partner on the other side- the burly man who had made black steak behind Jia Hyson. While the others could not be entirely sure who was to be blamed for their place in elimination, it was clear who dragged who down for that pairing.

Since it wasn't his problem, Jia Hyson took the brief break provided while the people in elimination changes to black aprons to saunter around to find Maddy's bench. Opposite to his own, it turned out it was the one closest to the back. Since the outside garden was open to them, by grabbing the last bench in the row she really had the advantage of faster access, unfortunately it also takes longer to enter the pantry. It took him a minute to realize she was there because a taller man in front of her was blocking his view!

Was this the legendary scum male lead he had read about and hated for so many years now? Ah it was a little exciting to finally see this so-called 'gorgeous beyond imagination walking sculpture of sexy male pheromones'.

Secretly Jia Hyson felt that his sweetheart Jacob will be much more handsome than this wolf will ever be. Remembering Jacob's last text wishing him luck and cheering him on Jia Hyson can't help feel very silly and bashful. It seems.. he has been really moved by that young man. Okay! Once he gets off the show he will definitely take the risk to confess! His first confession! 

Bebe: 'How is this host's first ever confession?'

Jia Hyson: 'Well I don't want to be rejected so I like to seduce them into confessing to me first.' 

Jia Hyson: 'Also I was hot and rich.'  

As he got closer, Jia Hyson could hear their conversation. He immediately frowned, while the lines were somewhat similar to the original story, hearing it in reality was very unpleasant. Drake was surprised that Maddy didn't go into elimination? Drake thought Maddy was all talk and no skill? He dares?! That's your future wife! No more importantly, That's his sister!

"Well I'm glad at the very least you didn't get the opportunity to drag your partn- your paired person with your inflated self-worth." Jia Hyson heard him sneer, making him seethe. Such a cold and imperious voice that still couldn't help but exude a charm that made Jia Hyson shiver. Strangely it did not seem too unfamiliar to him.. "Of course, I fail to see how you could be anything but dead weight with your... homely cooking."

Having had enough, Jia Hyson fiercely grabs the man's shoulder to violently turn him around for a harsh scolding for bullying someone who could still be considered a young girl. "Hey! You-" Jia Hyson falters as he realizes why exactly that voice had felt a little familiar. That outstandingly handsome face perfectly framed by dark brown hair. Those piercing dark eyes. Sculpted cheekbones, aquiline nose, strong jaw. He had seen all these features develop from when this young man had been a teenager barely on the cusp of adulthood. "Jacob?"

Jacob, no Drake Lanzoni who had before looked a tyrant on top of the world immediately turns meek and panicked at the sight of Adrian. "A-Adrian, it's, it's not what you think!"

Jia Hyson was startled but soon his mind began to process the situation. In the story, Drake Lanzoni was the type of immature main lead that still acted more on the side of instinct than logic despite his background. Disliking how people can't see past his family's power and riches but still willing to use them to get his way at times. Surrounding himself with fawning groupies but inwardly looking down and sneering at them. A tyrannical, cynical and impulsive man who eventually became tempered into a more mature, restrained and intelligent tyrant thanks to true love.

...Surrounding himself with fawning groupies but inwardly looking down and sneering at them.

Jia Hyson recalled the sweet, puppy dog like Jacob. Now that he thinks about it, he's never seen him at the same time as Uncle James or Jenna. Anytime Uncle James invited over to his apartment when Jacob has come back from overseas an hour or two later he would get a text from Jacob apologizing and giving excuses of jet lag, illness and wanting to spend more time alone with family while occasionally promising to meet up alone with him later.

Jacob especially liked his cooking, he had even said he preferred Jia Hyson's food over Maddy's when comparing the two and was always complimenting how homely the taste was. Jia Hyson had always been extremely flattered but now the sweet memory felt like dirt in his mouth. The way Drake had said 'homely' to describe Maddy's cooking, cooking taught by himself even, was clearly insulting and full of genuine disdain.

It seems this time he was the one being played with.

Ignoring the pain in his heart, Jia Hyson funnels his emotions into rage. Fuck the script! Maddy doesn't deserve this two-faced lying bastard! You think a good face and background can win over the world?! You are just a frog in a well! Drake Lanzoni, forget about my sister, this Laozi will make sure you'll be an old virgin for life!




"Adrian, you know him?" Maddy asks, her voice trembling and eyes red as she holds back her own humiliated anger and tears back. After all, she was fresh out of high school. How could she suddenly bear listening to this barrage of disparaging remarks aimed at her almost out of nowhere? Yes she was impulsive and made a bet with him after some provocation but the things he said afterwards were really too much!

This pitiful image really hit the final nail on the coffin.

Drake! Lanzoni! Is! A! Dead! Man!

Jia Hyson immediately retracts his hand from Drake's shoulder and takes a step back, shaking the hand that touched Drake like he'd just touched something so extremely dirty he was unwilling to even wipe it off his clothes. "I thought I did," he sneers, "but I guess I was mistaken."

"Adrian, wait, I-"

"Come on Mads," Jia Hyson dodges Drake's weak attempt to grab him, going around him like he had the plague as he holds his sister's hand. "We should probably head upstairs now."

"En," Maddy gave him a watery but happy smile, finally comforted. Pointedly they both ignore the male lead as they walk past him hand-in-hand.

"Adrian! Adrian I didn't mean it! I-"

"Ah, did you hear that Adrian?" Maddy asks scornfully, already feeling much better now that her brother is by her side. "Sounded like something loud and full of himself."

"Try to block it out Mads," Jia Hyson smiles gently before throwing Drake a brief mocking look as he adds derisively, "Us homely people shouldn't try listen to those two-faced ghosts lest we get taken in by their lies."

They didn't bother to waste time around this scum male any longer and quickly went upstairs to the indoor balcony. This allows contestants that aren't competing at the moment to watch those that are. Generally they will cheer for the people they like and comment about what's happening down there and what they would have done themselves.

As they climbed up the stairs they both missed the confused, ashamed and heartbroken expression on a certain male lead's face.

Once ten minutes had passed, anyone still lingering was sent upstairs and filming resumed with the pale-faced individuals in black aprons standing in front of the podium awaiting their elimination challenge. Jia Hyson spent most of the time chatting with Maddy and surprisingly the womanizer Daniel Green who was very friendly and insightful.

The elimination challenge wasn't too hard since it was only the first day, but that didn't mean it wasn't cruel. Six plates of six different dishes featuring eggs in ninety minutes. And they only had fifteen minutes of the pantry before it was closed off. Half of them were going home.

"Thank god I don't have to do that," Jia Hyson sighs, "I wouldn't be able to remember the things I would need for two recipes much less six."

Maddy laughs, "I remember once you tried to make a cake and forgot which step you were on, then you just dumped everything in and skipped right to the third last step."

"Oh-ho?" Daniel chortles, "Is that true Adrian?"

Jia Hyson flushes. That was the time he told Bebe not to help him because he was very confident in his cooking skills helping him out when his memory couldn't. It turned out this doesn't apply to the precise chemistry that was baking. "That, that was ages ago."

Maddy nudges him on the ribs with a sly wink toward an amused Daniel, "Sure, if you call last Monday 'ages ago'!"

"You brat!" Adrian chuckles, ruffling her hair affectionately as she squeals.

The cameras eat this up, and they aren't the only ones. Dark eyes also greedily take in the sight, filled in with envy and longing. Drake Lanzoni was barely even listening to his partner's gushing, too busy shooting glances at Adrian. It had been exactly a month and six days since he had last seen him. Every time they meet it was like cleansing his heart in a warm spring.

Except now the spring had turned frigid. Remembering the way Adrian's beautiful face of shock morphed into something disdainful and cold. It was unbearable.

Drake knew it wasn't right to be so mean to the girl. But he couldn't suppress the ugliness in his heart at her easy confidence and obvious reciprocated affection with Adrian. He wanted to destroy that confidence, that affection, that sweet face that Adrian apparently likes in a woman.. He hadn't thought that Adrian was already so close to this little upstart. If Drake knew that Adrian would have reacted so seriously to a few insults he would've... well, he probably would've done the same thing but he would have been more discreet at the very least!

And now Adrian hates him. The thought felt poisonous and corrosive to his mind. Drake came to this competition to pursue his dream of being a chef that can be acknowledged by his family. But it wasn't like Home-Cooked Miracle was his only option for this, it was merely the easiest one. However once he heard that Adrian was signing up, it immediately became the only one he would even think of pursuing.

And yet, now that it's happening.. This wasn't supposed to be how it went.

He imagined seeing the surprise on Adrian's face, the shock as he reveals his identity from pauper to prince. He imagined Adrian may take a little while to accept the change, but ultimately years of friendship would make him realize Drake is still the same person, money or no money. He imagined working together in the kitchens, fighting side by side through the challenges of the show, sleeping under the same roof, maybe even accidentally waking into one another in the bath, tensions will rise and maybe, maybe...

"Ahahaha!" A peal of tinkling laughter rang out, to anyone else it would sound almost fairy like but to Drake it was just grating, "Adrian, you idiot get off!"

Drake's jaw clenched. This was all that girl's fault. If only she wasn't here.

Quickly he forces himself to calm down and continue smiling placidly at the person in front of him. No, he can't afford to antagonize that girl. It would only serve to drive Adrian away. He had tried so hard to hide this ugly part of him and now it came out in a rather terrible way. Right now Drake needed to focus on patching things up and gaining back that lost trust and friendship he had so stupidly lost because of his impulsive temper.

Yes.

He knows what to do.

With renewed resolve as expected of a main lead character in love, Drake Lanzoni smiles.

...

Since no one important to the story dropped out early, Jia Hyson didn't care. In the end the judges said a very rousing speech that had dutifully incited the competitive cooking spirit in them all and bid them a good night, ushering the contestants back into their assigned cars which will drive them to the Miracle Chef House.

Since it was the first week, there was only three actual challenges meant to cut down the numbers. This is because the tapes of the audition videos and the preliminary rounds were enough to pad for two whole episodes. Jia Hyson remembers his preliminary round, he got to make his specialty- a cheeseburger- in forty-five minutes and serve it to two food critics and one very lucky food blogger who had determined he had passed. It was funny how one of the most stressful moments of his life was going to be shown in what was probably the most boring part of the show.

Generally there are about four challenges a week. On Monday there is always a 2-stage Mystery Box challenge which will result in either the elimination challenge and the Miracle Chef pin immunity challenge the next day. Thursday is some sort of team or service challenge which will lead to a two stage-elimination on Sunday. Friday is usually a carefree training day where the judges and guest chefs would teach everyone a dish or a skill and Wednesdays and Saturdays were days off. This schedule can change but more or less it's maintained throughout the show.

Anyway, the point is, they only had two more challenges but by the end of it everyone theoretically won't have to fight over which loser has to sleep on the couches.

Fucking drama.

"Okay," One of the older contestants says as everyone stares at the giant U-shaped communal couch with their luggage in hand while two asshole cameramen circle around them waiting for blood to be shed. "The first people who can find bunk mates can get first dibs of the rooms. The rest can figure out who's couches and who's floor."

"I, maybe we should make the people who got in eliminations sleep out here?" One of the white lotus timidly suggests, it was either Milly Trainor or Susan Bee, Jia Hyson can't recall they were practically copy and pasted versions of each other in his opinion.

The other lookalike white lotus gave the first one a sad look. "That's not fair, we had to fight hard in that elimination. If anything we should be the ones who get to sleep on a bed. Not to mention, some of us didn't deserve to be there in the first place!" Oh right, Susan Bee was the one who almost got eliminated. That makes the other one Milly. Shit, he couldn't wait till the herd thinned down, there were too many names to remember. Thank god he had Bebe to remind him.

Unfortunately Bebe was a stupid level 0 Beta system who apparently can't recognize important characters by sight alone. For now Bebe is just a floating story book that is capable of being sarcastic and ripping people off.

Jia Hyson: 'Weren't you a different type of system before? Were you always this useless? How can you not recognize Drake? He's a male lead! A male lead!'

Bebe: 'Host haven't you ever played an RPG? When you change jobs those job-specific skills disappear. What can Bebe do about that?'

Jia Hyson: 'Yes but the skill points don't! Don't they reset so you can pick the new skills?!'

Bebe: '..They do.'

Jia Hyson: 'Then where did they go?!'

Bebe: '... Bebe may have forgotten to build up foundation in Bebe's basic passive skills in favor of other things... like... getting an in-built laser beam...' 

Jia Hyson: Oh my god! I can't count on this fucking cheap system!!! Die and go to hell!!! 

"Hey Adrian," Daniel nudges him as the argument between the similar looking white lotuses grow more heated. "Want to be roomies?"

Jia Hyson gives him a considering look before breaking out into a gentle and welcoming smile, "I suppose you're not too bad." They're already on friendly terms already plus he needs to keep a careful eye on Daniel and his flirtatious ways. Maddy had looked down on Daniel for his manner of standing on multiple boats. Boats meaning females. Anne Brooks was one of the first who had gotten strung along since they were car buddies, but since she dragged him down he quickly threw her aside for greener pastures like Susan Bee. Anne is set as naive and romantic and had genuinely fell for Daniel's sweet words, making her cling to him unable to take any hints of his displeasure until he couldn't take it anymore and yelled at her in the middle of a service challenge breaking her heart and pride. Maddy being the righteous female protagonist couldn't stand this and slapped him, fully triggering Daniel's interest early on.

It was the typical 'I'll make this prideful woman fall for me and break her heart but in the end I was the one who fell for her' type scenario. Thankfully his contribution to the bullying and sexual harassment wasn't much or Jia Hyson wouldn't have associated with him at all. Mainly his personality was petty and calculative, choosing to watch the bullying in the shadows before swooping in to help near the end or whispering doubts and suspicions in Maddy's mind toward the male lead and other interested parties. The worst thing he'd done was shortly before he realized his true feelings he'd panicked about Maddy completely ignoring him forever in favor of Drake and spiked her food with aphrodisiac to get her into his bed.

And honestly, that really wasn't that bad since literally everyone has accidentally or intentionally drugged up Maddy at one point. Really Jia Hyson could not be angrier. This piece of smut pretending to be a pure story couldn't even be bothered to be good smut. Why does someone have to be drugged to be horny? Never mind the clearly rampant bribery happening behind the scenes that allows so much drugs and illegal alcohol and exotic sex ingredients to be smuggled into the show.

So now that Adrian and Daniel has paired up, the surrounding people who were listening in also followed, unwilling to be the ones caught up in the catfight and then finding out there were no more rooms left. However being roommates with someone also wasn't that simple, if you are friendly with your roommates they could serve as invaluable teammates since you'll get a clearer understanding of their temperament and cooking preferences. Conversely if you are incompatible and become enemies with one another it would become an incredibly uncomfortable stay. The first challenge also created some bonds and impressions between various contestants which will add further complexity.

"What about that man?" Jia Hyson points to a relatively inconspicuous man in his mid-thirties. He looked like he did manual labor for a living and had a scruffy but trustworthy face. Daniel frowns.

"He has a beard."

Jia Hyson is starting to regret this partnership. "So? Why are you being this picky?"

"If I have to sleep with a bunch of men they have to be good-looking." Daniel sniffs.

Well. Jia Hyson doesn't disagree with that thinking.

"We'll be sleeping on the floor at this rate, the first two rooms for guys are already taken!" He hisses. "You pick then!"

"That one." Daniel points at one of the chauvinist pigs James Cartwell. He was slim and rather feminine looking but James had an insane complex about this and overcompensated by being voluntarily consumed by straight male cancer. Jia Hyson immediately rejects him.

"No, no, what about-"

"Are you guys looking for roommates as well?" The pair turn to see a handsome bespectacled young man that Jia Hyson recognizes as the supporting male lead Lex Grey! The potential love interest Jia Hyson's sister-complex approves of the most. Good personality. Humble family business of owning a grocery store. Intelligent. An unwavering passion for cooking that even when he leaves the competition he still opens a small popular cafe next to his family's store using their local ingredients. And best of all- he never tries to fuck his sister! Purely an old-fashioned romantic! Perfect marriage material! A 10/10!

They must be roomies!

"Yes! Yes we are!" Jia Hyson smiles with relief, blocking Daniel's mouth just in case he doesn't like glasses or some other nonsense. For a straight man he has far too many opinions about other guy's appearances. "Great, now we just need one more and-"

"Actually," Lex Grey coughs politely, "I do have someone."

"Even better," Jia Hyson assures him happily, mind already reformatting the story. If the initial bad impression keeps up, Drake Lanzoni can play a similar role to Daniel's. Adrian and Lex can support each other in protecting Maddy when she needs it. Slowly Lex and her will cultivate feelings. When Lex inevitably leaves he will wish her something along the lines of 'win for my sake as well' which will motivate Maddy further. The minor romance condition would be filled and then it's just the guaranteed path of growth and victory as Maddy becomes stronger, more confident and independent!

Best of all, when Jia Hyson leaves the show he could finally let loose a little and find a hot man to play with to wash away the remains of his stupid love sickness. Someone older and mature and steady unlike-

"Adrian." Drake Lanzoni's young handsome face smiles shyly.

Jia Hyson's expression freezes.

Then it turns completely cold.

"You," he hisses but Drake doesn't back down, instead he stares back at him with a steady determination that makes his traitorous heart flutter a little.

"Me."

"Uhm, you both know each other then?" Lex steps in as the tension between the pair grows as time moves on.

"Yes." Drake says.

"No." Adrian says at that same time.

"Well I personally don't care," Daniel huffs as he looks at the hallway of bedrooms that were being slowly filled up. "But unless you want to sleep on the floor for five days we need to go now."

"Adrian?" Drake raises his perfect brow, his lips curved upwards in assured arrogance reminding Jia Hyson of all the times they played games together and how Jac-Drake was always so good at them. It also reminded Jia Hyson how fucking attractive his smug look was. That fucker. How dare he use his good looks to dazzle him!

Jia Hyson bites his lower lip, unaware of how it draws a certain young man's attention toward it. He's torn but in his heart he knows what his choice must be. "I call dibs on the bottom bunk," he sighs as he starts to walk to the nearest unoccupied room which was near the end of the hallway. The rest of the men follow.

"Usually people want the top bunk," Daniel comments mildly.

"Adrian isn't very good with heights." Drake immediately replies with the encouragement of absolutely no one. The 'domineering beast' male lead was grinning wildly as he follows behind Jia Hyson like a eager puppy. It was such a Jacob act that Jia Hyson couldn't help but glance back at him a few times before quickly looking away once Drake catches him. Every time it happens Drake smiles even wider and moves a little closer to him.

"Definitely knows each other," Lex mutters under his breath as he watches them. He exchanges faintly amused and knowing looks with his other roommate. It seems... they're going to get to watch something good ah?

When they step into the room the drama immediately ramps up by 200%. Why?

Because there's only three beds.

One bunk bed and one queen sized bed.

Jia Hyson: '...FUCK ME.'

It turns out this was the room the main characters would have sex in once half the contestants leave. Why was there a queen bed when every other bed in the entire house were bunk beds? Ask the producers!

"I already dibbed the bottom bunk!" Jia Hyson suddenly bursts out in the midst of everyone's dumbfounded silence. He takes the opportunity to throw his duffle bag onto said bed to mark his territory. Even if you ignore the future sister having orgasms on that mattress thing- which is very hard to do- as a very sexual bi man who hasn't had any carnal relations for about five years, it wasn't a good idea to put him in a nice bed with another handsome bloke.

Especially if one of them was particularly handsome and currently emotionally infuriating to be around. Jia Hyson hasn't been acquainted with this particular scenario before but he did once drunkenly sleep with one of his more irritating yet better looking editors and that had been a train wreck. Really. Literal trains had been involved. And a lot of crying. Because Jia Hyson really didn't like heights. It's a long story.

"I'll take top then," Drake wastes no time to volunteers as Jia Hyson was hastily sitting on his self-assigned bed and pretending to take out stuff from his bag.

"Hey, no, wait, shouldn't we talk about this?"

Drake's eyes felt like icicles stabbing into Daniel and Lex's soul. "Do you want to top with Adrian then?"

Eh? Why did it feel like they heard it a bit wrong?

Daniel and Lex silently shook their heads and the suffocating aura around them seemed to retreat much to their relief. Drake beams, bright and sunny, like the harsh winter they had just experienced was merely an illusion. "Good, good," Drake says amiably as if they were the best of friends, somehow making the two supporting male leads sweat even more, "So me being on top?"

Forget Daniel and Lex, even Jia Hyson pretending he couldn't hear them was choking back the blood in his mouth.

Oi, oi male lead, you mean top bunk right? We're still talking about beds right? Is this the because you're written as a secret beast that everything comes out so ambiguous?

Drake, seemingly unhappy with the lack of response frowns, making the other male leads jump into action.

"You can top, you can top!" Lex insists frantically.

"Yes, yes," Daniel agrees just as quickly, "Feel free to top Adrian, we won't stop you, really!"

Jia Hyson: ...Aren't these supporting males too spineless?

Jia Hyson watches expressionlessly as Drake struts over with his Louis Vitton brand baggage like a proud cat bringing home his hunt. It really makes his heart itch at the sight. Standing directly in front of him, Drake pauses and gives him a warm helpless smile, "What a coincidence, it seems we will be sleeping closely together," Without even an invitation Drake sits next to Jia Hyson and murmurs into his ear, "It really must be fate ah,"

Jia Hyson: ...Isn't this male lead too shameless?

Fate my perky ass!

Don't act like I couldn't have heard any of what you guys just said! And so loudly too! You think just because you huddle in a corner a silencing barrier just appears? This is a small room you fucks! What is this, a shitty teenage drama?

Oh. Right.

As Jia Hyson continues his one sided cold war with the male lead, the two supporting leads who were the most damaged in this situation can't help but stare at each other with equal helplessness.

"So, I guess we're sleeping together for a while?" Lex weakly comments.

Daniel chuckles but there's an obvious note of bewilderment that oddly enough makes Alex feel a little more relaxed. "I don't even know your name."

With an amused twitch of his lips, Lex puts his hand out, "Lex Grey."

Daniel takes the offered hand and shakes it, slightly surprised at the feel of callouses on the scholarly looking man. It's not a bad feeling per say. "Daniel Green."

Maddy who had been one of the first girls to gather a group and a room had been looking to check on her brother only to stumble across the scene. Two men shaking hands with soft smiles in front of a single bed and her brother sitting next to the horrible man from before that was now whispering things in his ear.

Maddy: '...You guys, is this a cooking show or a dating show? This little girl can no longer tell.' 




The first week as said before wasn't really much to talk about. Many of the mob characters were dropped off and the two challenges were mainly tests of skill and basic knowledge. Jia Hyson almost had a close call when he split his hollandaise sauce twice but other than that he remained nicely in the upper middle ranks of the group.

The more important things happened once the kitchen closes and everybody heads back to the Miracle Chef house.

Maddy, unlike in the original story, had made more friends than just Anne Brooks. Anne Brooks also was not strongly infatuated with Daniel Green since they hadn't been forced to interact in the long car ride and Anne's character would be too shy to talk to such a dazzling man like that in any other circumstances. Not that Adrian was complaining. As a result Anne while meek was more three-dimensional than before, and thanks to Maddy was opening up bit by bit. By Saturday she even had the courage to start up a conversation with him over breakfast!

It wasn't a very long conversation but Jia Hyson wasn't much of a fan of long conversations anyway so it was very pleasant.

The white lotus Susan Bee and Charlotte Stevens also became friends of Maddy's- Jia Hyson needs to keep an eye out for them in the future. The cheerful moodmaker Eric Jones was also a common sight in the group and with Adrian's own connections with Daniel Green and Lex Grey, it seemed that Jia Hyson no longer had to worry too much about the bullying.

Of course that didn't mean there wasn't still harassment but it wasn't enough for him to pay attention to. If it was something he could feign ignorance in he would even if it pained him to do so. After all, if Maddy didn't undergo some difficulties the story's appeal would drop.

Jia Hyson: 'Ah my baby is getting bullied under my nose!' QAQ

Bebe: 'Your baby is handling it better than you ever could. Forget about Maddy, don't you have your own problems?'

Right.

Drake Lanzoni.

The domineering impulsive beast male lead.

He has become very... sticky.

Jia Hyson is fairly sure that Drake isn't aware that he isn't being very subtle either. Like the rich domineering second generation he is, he bullied out a particularly pitiful participant to switch cooking stations with him just so he could stand behind Jia Hyson while he cooks. When they're resting in the house it's almost a guarantee that Drake would be in the same room he is. If Jia Hyson wants to go bed he will also go to bed. If Jia Hyson wants to get a snack from the kitchen Drake already has some of his favorite chocolates in his pockets.

Jia Hyson doesn't want to say he doesn't hate it. But he also doesn't want say he doesn't, doesn't hate it. It's all very confusing. Jia Hyson blames Drake's face. His gorgeous, gorgeous face.

Because of this constant puppy-like persistence so very much like the Jacob he knew and the rather clumsy but heavy handed attempts at trying to retain forgiveness that Jia Hyson really quite liked, it was very hard to hold onto his anger. Jia Hyson didn't like anger, he prefers the more long-term and poisonous resentment. Resentment is easier to keep, and even easier to grow. Even better, his mind would feel clearer and sharper rather than clouded, his mouth would water at all the ways he could imagine tormenting a person. To watch them writhe and cry on a dirty floor like a worm.

Begging for forgiveness, holding onto the last shred of hope in their desperate hearts as they throw aside all their dignity and pride to sincerely regret their mistakes. The power to push someone at the brink like that, ah, he misses it a little.

Bebe: 'H-host... that image just then... that was just a fantasy right? A fantasy?' 

Jia Hyson:  

Bebe: Ah, Bebe has really gotten fucked over with this host. Is this Bebe's retribution for being too cute?  

If Jia Hyson heard that he would have spat out blood because of his uncute system.

The point was. Jia Hyson dislikes being angry but thrives at being resentful petty bitch, to the point it can be argued as a perversion. When he was younger he used to take pleasure in watching people who scolded him twist in guilt and turn from righteous to self-hating as he weaves lie after lie about various tragic things that were at best greatly exaggerated and warped versions of the truth. It had gotten worse from there but he'd curbed himself through writing. Of course that had never stopped him from enjoying his strange secret pleasure and indulging as much as he could.

Just recently he had 'inadvertently' seduced and bent a minor model's boyfriend because said model harassed him a little when he was starting his career, accusing him of being disgusting homosexual who did the unspoken rules with uncles to enter the industry. It had taken him three years and Jia Hyson had quite a bit of fun watching the model's face as her boyfriend tried to publicly confess to him in the middle of a photoshoot. Ah, the feeling of his resentment being satisfied so thoroughly had been almost enough to get him hard.

Bebe who had witnessed all of that: 'You know, even if you end up failing as a Beta, the Counterattack and Make-a-Wish systems will probably welcome you with open arms ah,'

And yet, for some reason, he couldn't muster up the ability to feel resentful toward Drake Lanzoni. Not really. Betrayed anger? Yes. Violent rage? Definitely more accurate actually. The very real urge to step on him and make him kiss his feet in tears? cough also yes but that may not exactly be purely for vengeful reasons.

But did he feel resentful?

It seems... he really does feel genuine affection for this young man then.

"Adrian?" Drake asks softly, still holding out the chocolates for him. Jia Hyson must have looked quite strange, lost in his thoughts as he stared at the offered treats. Now that he was focusing, he realizes Drake's hand had gotten a little sweaty. The chocolates must be half-melted by now. It would be rather disgusting to take them now.

Jia Hyson tentatively picks up one up. As expected even just gently pinching it, the chocolate inside the wrapper squishes.

Drake looked a little dazed that Adrian, who had for the past few days had completely treated him like air with only a few glances to assure himself of his presence, had actually took his offering. But then as he saw the way Adrian's slender pale fingers squished the chocolate he turned red from mortification, suddenly hyperaware at how clammy and wet his hands were.

"I- I'll get another one!" He quickly says, wanting nothing more than to rectify the situation. But to his amazement, instead of giving him a look of cold disdain or disgust he had been forced to endure this past week Adrian had actually chuckled! It was like seeing the first signs of spring after a barren winter.

"No need," Adrian says a little helplessly, his eyes lingering on Drake's flustered expression with faint amusement and a bit of something inexplicable and soft. Drake who had always been watching Adrian intently of course noticed. His heart beat a little faster. Could it be, his gentle future wife likes it when he was a little silly?

It's a bit embarrassing but he's very willing if it win's Adrian's heart! Didn't Adrian say he has a very cute little brother and sister? Maybe that's why he became so soft again. Adrian was also very kind to him when he was younger. If he is weak to children then wouldn't the quickest back into his good graces must be to shamelessly sell meng!

While he notes down his new idea in his heart, Drake intently watches as Adrian unwraps his chocolate. As expected it's very sticky but Adrian shows little disgust even as the melted treat sticks to his fingers. With a little frown that made Drake's heart itch, he watches as Adrian seems to regard the melted blob of chocolate with the utmost concentration like a puzzle he must solve.

Adrian was always like this, behind the gentle older brother was a very childish man who was a little muddle-headed and maybe even a little cruel. Sometimes Adrian could act like he was in a story that he had written himself, perfect and able to breeze through any difficulties and yet there are times when he acted like the smallest things were like the greatest hardships like now as he stares at his chocolate. Drake had liked him for his refreshing kindness and ignorance for his identity but after years of keeping in touch and getting to know Adrian better and better, how could he not have fallen to this point?

Jia Hyson feels a little conflicted at how to eat this. Maybe if some semblance of shape was retained he wouldn't be so hesitant but over sixty percent of it was plastered on the wrapper. Male lead how hot are your hands?!

Finally he decides that since it's only him and Drake in the room right- Maddy was hanging out with Anne and Susan, and Daniel and Lex were playing some sort of game in the house's smaller garden outside- and that despite the current situation they had been friends for a long time, Jia Hyson decides to slip out of his gentle mature facade to happily swipe his already dirty fingers onto the wrapper and suck the sweet into his mouth. He makes a soft happy noise at the sweet but rich flavors.

Jia Hyson: 'As expected of a show unafraid of smuggling aphrodisiacs, they can even be bribed to bring in these top quality chocolates! Really, so good-!'

Happily sucking and licking up the chocolate, Jia Hyson quickly finishes it up. It really was from his favorite brand 368, the name apparently represented the number of tries the chocolatier had made before he perfected his recipe. Jacob, or well, Drake had introduced him to it for his twenty-first birthday and he had immediately fell in love with it. However even when he became wealthy enough to enjoy the ability to freely buy snacks without worry, Jia Hyson couldn't find the brand anywhere. It was apparently very exclusive not to mention expensive so only Jacob could get him his supply and that was only occasionally. He had been very touched at the time.

Now, well, he was admittedly even more touched! A brand that even the future Lanzoni heir had difficulty getting, how could not feel the chocolate was even more delicious? It's the taste of money ah, money!

Eagerly, he pulls out a well sucked finger out of his mouth with a small pop and looks at Drake for another piece. Only...

Jia Hyson: '...'

Drake : '...'

"You," he coughs awkwardly, "you uh, seem to have some chocolate on your hand?"

It seems while he had been enjoying his melted chocolate, Drake had... unknowingly clenched his hand, causing the already soft chocolates to be squashed out of their wrappers. When he unfurls the offending limb it was covered by the sticky treat.

"I..." Drake mutters, his voice a little rough, "I'll get some more."

Jia Hyson notes the faint flush of Drake's face, the involuntary tensed muscles and the dark midnight eyes that had gone impossibly darker as they stray to his wet fingers and suddenly it all starts to fall into place. After all, Jia Hyson was an experienced, worldly and frankly, a rather slutty, man. Anyway, even if he wasn't familiar with the face of lust, the only people who wouldn't be able to tell what's going on here are blind people, stupid people and main characters.

Still. This seems to be a really.. unforeseen development? _

---I seem to have bent the male lead and I don't know what triggered it--
- Spent nearly five years with a handsome man and couldn't tell he liked me, can I return my gaydar??--- 
--Calling for help----

However unlike the many, many, many quick transmigration and system novels Jia Hyson has read, he did not feel very distressed at this revelation. In fact, he was incredibly pleased. After all, hadn't he already set the motions for this story to only have a minor focus on love drama? Hadn't he already vowed not to let his precious sister and the scum male lead get together anyway? So why can't he just take the scum lead himself? He already likes him a lot.

And now that he knows there's a chance...

There's nothing in his way now! 

Jia Hyson smiles coyly at Drake, the flirtation clear in his expression, transforming the usual gentle smile on Adrian's face into something seductively sweet yet still somehow innocent. "No need," he assures, voice a little lower than usual, as he reaches out to hold the younger man's wrist, "we wouldn't want to waste good food ne?"

Staring into Drake's widened eyes, Jia Hyson could feel his heart beating unprecedentedly fast, however he forces it not to show on his face and gives him a devilish smirk before licking up a stray line of chocolate that had run down Drake's forearm. With his tongue he chases it upwards towards Drake's large wrist before curling up his tongue and swallowing the chocolate, tasting the odd but not unpleasant flavor of the sweet chocolate and faint salty sweat.

Drake was breathing heavily as he stares at the blatantly erotic sight. His cheeks were now flushed pink making his handsome appearance even better. Jia Hyson chuckles as he presses lips against his pulse. Ah, even if Drake's expression had gone almost blank, his rapid pulse betrays him. Jia Hyson pauses for a second and frowns. Wait. Wasn't his pulse going a bit too fast?

Then Drake Lanzoni, the supposed domineering scum sex god male lead, fell into a dead faint.

Jia Hyson: ?!?

"Drake? Drake?" Jia Hyson kneels down concernedly, and if he's going to be honest, a little bemused. Fuck, unexpectedly so maidenlike! Didn't the story say that he was aggressive and shameless with his carnal desires? How did it get like this?

Checking his body it looked like Drake really was out cold. Well. That wasn't true. Jia Hyson's gaze lingered at a certain sizable lower piece of anatomy that seemed to be very awake. At least some parts of the story was still true then.

He sighs. Just when the mood was getting pretty good too, ah just as well, if he succumbed to his attraction now it would be like slapping his own face. The whole point of being here was to minimize the sex scenes, especially around his dear sister and make it a nice story with a PG13 tag at worst. Not to mention, Maddy still has a very bad impression of Drake and Jia Hyson is unwilling to date without his little golden thigh's approval.

What if this stupid male lead becomes cannonfodder as a result? Clearly his halo has left him or how could he be left in such a pathetic state? But then if the relationship between the two become two good then they would probably get together and papapa. Rivals is the best option but it is a fine line to thread between both options. Jia Hyson felt a little irritated about having to worry about this just as he feels like he could have relaxed his guard a little and let the plot fall where it may. It really feels like his heart had picked up something very troublesome.

Unfortunately his heart didn't seem to want to drop it.

Jia Hyson sighs again and goes to get a pillow and a blanket for this stupid cute man.

Later when Drake woke up, he found Adrian lying idly on the bed writing in a notebook. From the angle he couldn't tell what he was writing but from the frantic speed of the pen in his hand he could tell Adrian was really pouring out a lot of words. Drake doesn't think he's seen Adrian this relaxed and enthusiastic even when cooking. As he sits up, he realizes he's been lying down on the floor. For a moment Drake's puzzled but then he quickly recalls what had happened before and the absolute disgrace he had made of himself, much to his horror.

Jia Hyson looks up from the system notebook he had been scribbling in once he heard the rustling of fabric. Drake had awoken and was looking very much like he was regretting it. "You alright?" He asks but it was hard to hide the laughter in his voice, "That had been quite a fall."

"Mn, ah, en," Drake flushes, humiliated beyond belief.

Jia Hyson looks at him with a bit of pity. It seems he's really lost his cool male lead halo then huh. The price of being bent in a smut novel sure is high.

Jia Hyson: 'Ah but I don't dislike that sort of embarrassed pathetic look-' 

Bebe: 

Closing his notebook and shoving it carelessly in his bag, Jia Hyson looks at Drake solemnly. Drake, sensing the change, straightens his back.

"Drake, I'm sorry for what I did," he says in a regretful and sad manner, "my feelings for you... well, after some thought now I realize it was out of line."

Drake:  !!!

"You," Drake chokes out, "you have feelings for me?"

Jia Hyson pretends to misunderstand, lowering his eyes in morose as he secretly asks Bebe to film this scene so he can watch his love flounder later, "I'm sorry, as the older one I should have restrained myself better. However now that I've reflected I will place cooking as my primary focus in my heart from now on, I hope we can still be friends."

If Drake had been regretting his body's maidenlike reaction before, now he was regretting so hard his insides turned green. He was regretting to death! One moment Adrian was seducing him with his tongue and the next he had been pushed into the friend zone without even a word to defend himself!

Jia Hyson shifts his legs, from Drake's point of view he looked like he was awkwardly fidgeting because of the situation, but only Bebe knew...

This fucking pervert was hard!

Bebe: 'Shameless! Utterly shameless! Scum Host you are worse than the male lead! No! The male lead is so pure now he makes the white lotuses look black, comparing you two is insulting this male lead!'

The scummy host Jia Hyson: 'Come on! Keep it coming ah! While the words are very good your voice is definitely enough to make me go soft again!'

Bebe:  Bebe really doesn't want to be bound with such a hateful host anymore!

Once his body had calmed down from seeing Drake's utterly delicious state, Jia Hyson stood up and walked out. However before he did he pauses and looks back. Since he's forcibly strangled back their relationship dynamics into something more suited to a slow burn romance drama, he must also encourage Drake to cultivate some positive interest in his sister.

"Oh and Drake?"

Drake looks up at him, his handsome face still a little lost and glazed making Jia Hyson's heart skip again, "Yes?"

Unsure on how to encourage such complex emotions to grow, and a little flustered just looking at Drake, he decides to just act like his usual doting ways and just ask outright, "Can you please be nicer to Maddy? She's a very good girl."

Drake blinks, then he blinks again before frowning slightly. "Maddy.. Madeline Fenwick?"

Well at least he remembers enough for her full name, Jia Hyson feels relief at that. He smiles brightly and nods, "En, she's very dear to me, if she doesn't like you then I'm afraid we really can't be friends anymore then,"

There. That should stop him from doing anything too rash. Proud of himself he leaves the room to go get some better snacks from the kitchen. Maybe he'll just make himself a sandwich or something.

Since he left immediately of course Jia Hyson completely misses the dark look that flashes on Drake's face as he leaves.

"That girl.. again.."




"Now lift up your boxes!"

Jia Hyson lifts up their first proper mystery box, ready to plaster on a look of surprise. He's very glad he picked up those acting classes and minor roles in the entertainment industry. To fake surprise so many times.. ah, his face feels really stiff.

But really, this show, can it not give these newbies some face? First proper mystery box and the ingredients are all things you could find if you searched Top Ten Weird Things People Eat.

Offal, alfalfa sprouts, avocado and green tea leaves were more or less recognizable to this cast of westerners. But chicken feet, lotus root, dried fermented scallops and cactus pears would really send people into despair if they weren't worldly enough.

Not only was the third season of Home-cooked Miracle made to be more dramatic and challenging, in light of its global popularity they also introduced a more diverse range of cooking styles and food. Of course if they had been more genuine in their attempts at diversity then the contestants wouldn't be 90% white but Jia Hyson figures that sort of problem is beyond his capabilities of fixing. He was tempted to add that suggestion to the author in his notebook but was half-afraid that this dumb author would switch out decent characters for offensive racial stereotypes.

Why would he worry about that you ask?

"Ahh, what the fuck is this?!"

"Chicken feet? You can eat these?!"

"I think Asians do."

"Yeah, well, Asians eat anything right?"

"What are these circle things? They smell fishy. Gross."

"I can't cook with this!"

"Ugh, this is a western show! Why is there trash like this here?"

Jia Hyson mentally facepalms. Sure the more insulting things said were from the purposely unlikable characters but still. This story would have definitely not have aged well over time. He couldn't even trust the author to write about good food in a cooking story much less provide racial diversity.

Luckily as a proud Chinese person he knew enough not to turn this episode into a complete racist clusterfuck. Maddy also enjoyed experimenting and tasting new things so she should also be familiar with chicken feet and lotus roots. Drake, well, as the (possibly ex) male lead there was no need to worry about him. He may suddenly have lost his sex ability but he can't exactly drop his prominent background the same way.

"Soup is the best way to go I think," Jia Hyson says seriously to the camera as he begins making stock and chopping up some herbs. He may not have cooked a lot in his original life but his mother would have beaten him to death if he didn't know how to make basic herbal soup. In her words, 'If you can't cook rice and can't boil soup, might as well go starve and die!'

He remembers this clearly because of the sheer hypocrisy of it. After all, she had been worse at cooking and paying attention to things than he was. She once gave him frozen toast. That too was very memorable.

Still, not everyone in his family were incompetents in the kitchen so he learnt how to make soup from his grandmother. Unfortunately he couldn't exactly tell such a personal story to the camera and win some charisma points so he settles for explaining how he'd recently been interested in Asian cuisine while he drops the scallops into the stock along with some other traditional flavorings.

As he was pondering about if he should do something to the offal before cooking it into the soup, Jia Hyson hears a sudden loud crash. Surprised, he lifts his head up to see Maddy glaring at one of the bullies Shirley, who had 'accidentally' pushed off her bowl filled with marinating offal meat. None of it had escaped from its tragic end all over the floor.

"Oops," Shirley says insincerely, "my bad-"

"You-!" Maddy clenches her hands into fists, mystery ingredients were limited to what they had. Once they're gone, they're gone.

"Excuse me," Jia Hyson steps away from his station. Since he's making noodle soup his preparation isn't as heavy as some others after the initial steps. "What is going on?"

"Adrian," Maddy looks up at him feeling aggrieved. She had always thought the bullying that could happen on this show had been over exaggerated but now she feels like it's clearly the opposite! First that good-looking blackhearted asshole clearly trying to violate her brother, now this bitch is not even trying to hide her sabotaging. Who says the drama is scripted? There really are insane people in this world!

Shirley, seeing Adrian also shoots him a pitiful look, "It really was an accident," she says, sounding far more genuine than before, "Maddy you really shouldn't blow things out of proportion," Shirley chides before Maddy could even speak further.

Jia Hyson looks at Maddy who seems ready to explode. It was like watching a pufferfish bloat. Very cute as expected of his sister. Then he turns to Shirley with a cold look in his eyes that fail to match with his smile. "Even if it was an accident I think Maddy still deserves an apology," he says in a soothing and calm manner with a hint of disdain, like coaxing an unlikable child.

Of course because of his high attractiveness stat, someone as brainless as Shirley could only see the most shallow surface and felt Adrian was a gentleman trying to give both ladies face. Originally she felt like Drake Lanzoni had a much greater seductive charisma but she supposes that being pampered by such an elegant and kind man wouldn't be too bad either. It was a pity that such a beautiful male specimen seemed to stick to this bland looking nobody like glue.

Shirley's eyes look at Maddy with jealousy. She and many other females had noticed her during the very first challenge. During the break before the first elimination round began, many saw Drake talk to her, quickly followed by Adrian who then led her back upstairs in a manner more intimate than friendship. While no one was sure what they discussed it was clear that this girl had somehow managed to capture the interest of two of the most attractive guys there. Not only in appearance but in background too. Drake Lanzoni is one of the sons of the most influential families this side of the globe and who hasn't heard of the up and coming model slash star Adrian who's recently been showing up everywhere before he entered the competition. Both were high-level premium slabs of beef and yet this bitch thought she could eat steak for lunch and dinner? How hateful!

The hateful Maddy:  'You're really overthinking things, I just wanna cook gurl,'

"I'm really sorry," Shirley apologizes, her remorseful shamed voice coupled with the wronged expression on her baby face really made it seem like she meant it. Shirley was born with a sweet face and a pin-up model body so naturally she should be popular with the contestants.

Unfortunately at least half of the amateur cooks here were also considered to have appearances in the realm of drool-worthiness so not everyone was moved. Jia Hyson remembers the last two seasons of Home cooked Miracle had normal looking people of various ages with only a few that could be described as very attractive. At first glance this season could be mistaken for a supermodel reality show. He doesn't know if he should blame the author or the world's television executives for this.

As Shirley left, Jia Hyson quickly checks on his stock before looking at Maddy who was glumly nudging away the mess on the floor. "Do you need offal?" He quickly offers, "I can spare you some."

Maddy hesitates but shakes her head resolutely, "Thanks but I can't keep depending on you for all my problems." She says, "I'll figure something out."

Jia Hyson nods and quickly goes back to his bench to make see if he can make noodles while he dries off some offal. He isn't too concerned, the mystery box challenge doesn't cause elimination in the first round, it's just the winner would gain an advantage in the second. Besides, despite his own anxieties Maddy has the protagonist halo, she'll be fine.

She doesn't need Adrian anymore...

Jia Hyson: QAQ 'My baby is all grown up, Bebe what should I do I'm so sad.'

Bebe: 'Go give birth.'

Jia Hyson: 'I would need to have sex first, aiyah now I'm sad for a completely different reason.'

Bebe: 'You weren't supposed to add three eggs to your noodles,'

Jia Hyson: 'Fuck,'

Jia Hyson looks a little despairingly at his little volcano of flour and other dry ingredients. In the middle of it lay three shining golden yolks where there was meant to be only one. "I don't think I can redo this."

"Thirty minutes!"

"Okay I definitely can't redo this," he sighs before continuing on his noodle making process. "I'll just call them egg noodles and hope they'll buy it."

The camerawoman watching him this time couldn't stifle her chuckle at his exasperated words. Jia Hyson was guaranteed to be one of the most popular contestants so wisely there was always one camera nearby him. Since he was not only beautiful to look at, quite witty and surprisingly cute and clumsy, everyone enjoyed being the one to watch over him.

Almost too quickly time ran out. Jia Hyson was internally swearing up a storm the last ten seconds as he tried his best to 'artfully' plate his offal-chicken feet noodle soup. Throwing on some bean sprouts and chilli on top he sighs in exhausted relief as Olivia calls out, "Time's up! Step away from your stations everyone!"

"Christ!" He curses, at least you couldn't make a bowl of noodles ugly. Still he's fairly happy with how he's done.

Leaning over his counter he tries to take a peek at what his sister has done but before he can two small hands cover his eyes. "Adrian no peeking!" Maddy laughs playfully making him grin and grip her wrists pretending to wrestle her off.

"Well now I just have to see!" With years together Jia Hyson knows she was ticklish, so he lightly scrapes a nail against her wrist making her squeal and retreat with a pout.

"Mean!"

"Come on," Jia Hyson wheedles, enjoying the easy sibling interaction, "I'll show you mine if you show me yours."

"It's a bowl of soup." She deadpans.

Jia Hyson looks sad, "My daughter is so cruel," he earns a whack to the head.

"Who's your daughter?" She laughs again. They bicker lightly unaware of the smell of vinegar filling the room. Only when Morgan Durand cleared his throat pointedly did they separate and stand in front of their dishes.

As expected, despite the initial setback, Maddy gained a lot of praise for her strange savory green tea cake with a thick sauce that came from boiled down chicken feet giving it a meaty but light taste, and deep fried lotus root chips for texture. Not only was the idea truly original, the taste was good and the overall appearance was gorgeous as well. Even compared to Adrian's delicious but ultimately boring looking noodle soup and Drake's own lavishly beautiful but slightly bland vegetarian plate, it was a clear winning dish.

As Maddy excitedly walks off with the judges to one of the pantries to see her advantage, Jia Hyson sneaks a peek behind him to see Drake's reaction. This is meant to be the turning point of the story where Drake sees Maddy's limitless potential and grudgingly acknowledges her talents, feelings of respect sprouting from his heart which would blossom into something else. Of course it probably won't turn into love all things considering but the respect still needed to be cultivated.

However, to Jia Hyson's shock instead of the expression of pleasant surprise or reluctant acknowledgement or even just a blank mask hiding the turmoil of his emotions there was clearly a handsome face dark with resentment and jealousy.

He touches his nose anxiously. It couldn't be... Drake's really turned into a jealous cannonfodder character? Eh? What strange situation is this? While plot wise it would be interesting to read but Jia Hyson really wasn't willing to let that happen.

Jia Hyson sighs as he tries to think things true. The impression shouldn't be this bad and Drake's personality is stubborn but not to the point of blindness. He likes talented people if nothing else. If Jia Hyson talks up Maddy with him, Drake should be able to see past their first meeting and gain a better opinion of her.

Bebe: 'Host, maybe that not-'

"Drake," Jia Hyson turns to face him. Immediately Drake's face smooths our into a more neutral expression. "May I taste your dish?"

Drake breaks into a smile, "Of course," he agrees before looking a bit embarrassed, "it's not very flavorful, I underestimated the flavor of lotus root and cactus pears."

Already chewing on the food happily, Jia Hyson had to agree. The taste was indeed delightfully harmonious but faint, if it had been enhanced a little it definitely would be hard to determine the winner of the round. However it's current state was still lacking. "Maybe instead of grilling the cactus pears pickling might have been better?" He suggests.

"Mn, unfortunately I was worried about time," they both exchange a long-suffering look that was common among the contestants when complaining about the challenges.

"So," Jia Hyson adds casually, "What did you think of Maddy's dish?"

Drake's expression falls for a moment before he pulls himself quickly together, looking calm and unperturbed. Jia Hyson felt really worried now, was his pride hit that hard? He doesn't understand why this male lead was so sensitive suddenly.

Bebe: 'Maybe cause you bent him?'

Jia Hyson: 'One, people don't suddenly become more sensitive once they become gay or bisexual you ignorant overpriced slag system, and two, if anyone is bending over for anyone it will clearly be me okay?'

Bebe was furious at the name calling, 'You dare call me a slag? Have you looked in a mirror recently?'

Jia Hyson: 'Of course I have, I make sure to look three times a day to see how much more beautiful I get,' 

Bebe: '..Roll!' So shameless!

"Madeline indeed showed creativity this round," Drake after a minute of hesitation offers up stiffly. "Children are very imaginative, it's good she still has that."

Jia Hyson blinks. Did... did he just say Maddy was childish?

Bebe: 'Inadvertently he also said you were childish too. After all Host is one of the most delusio- imaginative person Bebe has ever known.'

Jia Hyson wants a refund on his system.

"That's it?" He raises a disbelieving brow at Drake, "Even if you disagree you should still not be so blatant about it."

"Why not?" Jia Hyson suppresses his eye roll. At least his arrogance is still intact then.

"Well Maddy's a girl," he tries, "she's young and it's obvious she has potential, come on a savory green tea cake was genius! I mean, the sauce looks really great too, I thought it was caramel before I hope she'll let me have a taste after. She probably will, Maddy is very generous you know? She's very kind but no pushover, you know, a very loyal friend if you get to know her.."

Every reason Jia Hyson gives, Drake's face goes one shade darker. It's actually rather fascinating to watch. He wouldn't mind seeing that god-given face blacken into a devil. However it's very counterproductive to his goals. Quickly he changes his angle, "Don't you know how bad you'll look to the audience if people think your jealous of a little girl?"

Drake gives him a condescending 'I'm a king therefore I am the law' look, "I'll just get them to cut it out," he says like bribing drama hungry executives to take out a catfight was as easy as taking candy from a baby.

Jia Hyson: 'This fucking second gen rich boy...'

"Fine," Jia Hyson huffs, "Well I don't know why you're suddenly so close minded about her, but then again I guess I don't really know you do I?"

The reaction was just as he planned. Just prodding at the sore spot in their relationship is enough to get the young man to wince. "Adrian, I thought.."

"I'll be over it once you get over whatever resentment you have for Maddy," Jia Hyson interrupts ruthlessly. He didn't really want to use emotional blackmail on Drake but if the shoe fits, might as well wear it. He still wasn't sure if a male lead can fall into cannonfodder status but all the cannonfodder in this story had a very public social death that ruined their future in society. The best ending was actually Shirley who became a top-tier prostitute and eventually mistress number three to some rich man which lead to her death by the legal wife's hands. How was this the best ending? Well, out of all the cannonfodder endings she was the only one with an intact corpse.

Seriously, this is meant to be a heartwarming cooking story right? Face-slapping was alright but this sort of intensity belonged in revenge porn. Mentally he decides to see if he can lighten the sentences for a few of the more redeemable characters like Daniel Green who definitely didn't deserve being castrated and died because his injury got infected with maggots.

Yeah, that's right. Seriously. What the fuck author. It's like you're not even trying to stick to your genre.

As his mind is filled with a thousand galloping mud horses for this shitty excuse of literature, the judges and a grinning Maddy made their way out of the pantry with a cloche in hand. Turning around to look at them he doesn't notice Drake's face turn exceedingly ugly.

With darkened eyes he stares resentfully at Madeline Fenwick, the beginnings of true hatred starting to stir in his chest. Was Adrian's relationship with that girl so good he could throw away their own for the sake of it? Was he worth less in his eyes than her? Unacceptable! Simply unacceptable!

Adrian is his!




"-Maddy, tell us what you chose."

"I chose-" Maddy grins widely as he unveils the ingredient they had to hero in this round. Jia Hyson was already thinking of all the chicken recipes he was best at making. It was going to be a time challenge so something pan-fried or seared may be best. "-pork!"

Jia Hyson: 

Fuck why did this change too?!

In the end Jia Hyson managed to coast by using pork belly with stewed apples, cleverly cutting off and separately cooking the skin to make it crackle faster. The elimination pressure tests are greatly incompatible with Jia Hyson's ability in time management and concentration so he would rather avoid entering one until near the end where it would be safe for him to leave. The end results of the round at the very least matched with the story. Drake had gotten first place and Maddy, second, allowing Drake the opportunity to fight for an immunity pin later on in the week.

"Drake, Maddy, congratulations!" Jia Hyson cheers. Ah this old man is really surrounded by winners in life. He's very satisfied.

"Why is she being congratulated?" Drake who had been very a pleased expression immediately sneers at Maddy. "She's only second place."

Jia Hyson: ...weren't you in second place just a challenge ago?

Maddy's face also wasn't looking good. This man had insulted her multiple times throughout the week for literally no reason. Even worse, sometimes he would lean in and whisper passive aggressive bullshit in her ear causing some of the other female contestants to get the wrong impression. They had already been jealous with Adrian by her side but the fact that Drake purposely comes to insult her when Adrian isn't there makes it look like a scandalous situation. If she couldn't tell Drake Lanzoni dislikes her then she might as well go die because of all the money she wasted on her education.

"Like you should talk," Maddy scoffs, "Who was second place this morning? You couldn't even make a salad right, if I hadn't burnt my pastry I would have been a double winner while you sit in the corner with the second place you dislike so much."

"Second place is also good," Jia Hyson diplomatically says in a weak voice. Is this how rivals talk? Some rivals do fight and bicker so it should be okay right? Right?

Jia Hyson hadn't really experienced any intense rivalry before, given his job as an author. He's had people try steal his unfinished manuscripts and ideas but to him those people were less like rivals and more like pathetic cannonfodder that he can play with to his little heart's desires... he supposes in retrospect that's why he got stabbed in the end.

"Adrian," A flicker of anger and pain flickers through Drake's dark eyes, "you're defending her? Didn't you say you like me?"

Maddy almost staggered back in shock, "What?" She gasps, "Adrian you like this piece of garbage? Don't be fooled, this man may look good on the outside but he's disgusting scum on the inside, besides don't you still like Jacob?"

Contestants waiting to leave the building: 

Cameramen:_

Producers:  FUCK YEAH

Disgusting scum Drake: hehe

Outed on television Jia Hyson: Girl.. you... this brother really wishes you learn about the values of time and place and shut your damn mouth  

Shit if you looked at this scene with no prior knowledge whatsoever, doesn't it seem like he's the scum male who's trying to stand on three boats? One of those boats is imaginary you know? Out of the other two boats, he's already pushed one away from him and the other one is his sister. There are no boats, cameramen believe this brother! This brother is still a virgin!

So sad, he's become so much prettier than his original self, a real gentle older brother next door kind of look, but he's never got the opportunity to lose his maidenhood yet. Jia Hyson seduced a lot of men and women in his modeling career for fun but never took the last step because he always felt strangely guilty about betraying Jacob- which clearly had been a stupid waste on his part. So was telling Maddy he was bisexual. And that he liked Jacob... who was Drake... who she seems to loathe...

Jia Hyson massages the bridge of his nose in annoyance. This is why young people drama is so tedious. If he had the heart, he would've kicked these two fiery tempered children back into kindergarten and run off to try his hand at being lovey dovey with someone. Preferably a mature older man with kinks. God, he would trade a lot of things to get fucked right now, at the very least an orgasm would chase off his headache. "Maddy, Jacob is a fake identity, we'll talk about this later," he sighs, but unknowingly his features had turned melancholic and pained making everyone feel the need to comfort him.

Maddy of course felt incensed on behalf of Adrian. A true heroine with a sense of justice unfortunately she really was too loud. "A fake?! You mean all this time when you've been cherishing every text he sends you and faithfully playing that dumb game every day he played you?! Scum! He's true filthy scum with no morals! If I ever see him I'll chop off his  and deep fry it!"

Jia Hyson wants to bury his face in his hands in dismay. Sister, the scum you want to chop his  off is right next to you! Your former male lead is really going to blacken! Please! Shut! Up!

"I can't deal with you two," Jia Hyson finally says frustratedly. It's been a long day and the tension from cooking under pressure really does get to him after a while. How people can still have the energy afterwards to stir up drama is really beyond him. "Both of you sort this out yourselves, I'm leaving,"

"Adrian!" Maddy and Drake protest before glaring at each other. Jia Hyson ignores them and takes the second last car back to the house. Since the contestants come in pairs the two will be forced to sit together on the ride back. His presence clearly hasn't been helping so hopefully after he's gone they might not feel act so aggressively to one another.

...why does it feel like he's the female in the latest valentine special of Animal Planet?

As he waited at the entrance hall for Maddy and Drake to come out of the car Jia Hyson taps his fingers on the doorway impatiently. He's annoyed that he just got out-ed so publicly, he's annoyed that nothing is going to plan, but most of all he feels anxious at the fact these two people he very much likes don't seem to get along well. Jia Hyson would rather avoid picking a side if he could.

So when he sees the pair sullenly leave their car, clearly ignoring each other's existences Jia Hyson clenches his jaw, tapping his fingers even harder against the wall with impatience. He forgot they had the classic romance couple troupe of being both headstrong, stubborn people that were unwilling to communicate important matters in order to provide scenes of misunderstandings. In retrospect Jia Hyson shouldn't have been surprised that Drake decided to play Secret Identity Prince for five fucking years despite it being a really stupid idea.

Oh god. Does that mean Drake actually isn't aware Maddy's his sister? He's shown that dumb fuck a photo before!

This is why he doesn't like teenage romance stories.

"Drake, a word?" Jia Hyson says, if his voice had the power to control temperature, the room would be growing ice blocks like mushrooms in a forest. Drake stiffens under the chilly reception before nodding a little timidly. No longer did he look arrogant and domineering like he did a moment ago as he sneered down at Maddy, now he just looked like a child being sent to the principal's office.

"Here?" He asks, glancing at one of the nearby 'hidden' cameras. Jia Hyson rolls his eyes.

"Of course not, I have some tact unlike some brats," Jia Hyson pointedly says, making both Drake and Maddy give guilty looks. Seeing them both like this he'd almost forgotten they were only about three years apart in age, with Maddy being eighteen and Drake turning twenty-one. Meanwhile Jia Hyson was technically a middle-aged man in a twenty-six year old body. "Our room, now."

Hanging his head Drake reluctantly goes, with Jia Hyson following behind. Before he leaves though, he turns to look at Maddy with a stern expression, "Maddy reflect on what happened, I'll be coming for you next."

Maddy looks up at the ceiling with an unwarrantedly exaggerated amount of despair. She's lucky she's damn cute or Jia Hyson would've shoved her into a boarding school and just kept Monroe around, story or no story.

Once they enter the room, Daniel and Lex who had been chatting turned to look at them with surprise. "Hey, we heard there was a fight going on, what happened?" Daniel asks.

"Scram," Drake snarls.

Daniel and Lex: ... Oi, what are we? Chopped liver?

Under Drake's glare, the two supporting leads quickly made themselves scarce leaving Jia Hyson and Drake alone. Shutting the door with a loud bang, Drake turns around, his previous aggressive demeanor dropped in favor of looking hesitant and vulnerable. It really made Jia Hyson want to hug him much to his own dismay. The power of a godlike handsome face really can't be estimated.

"Drake, did you even try to make friends with Maddy on the way back?" He sighs.

"Why should I?" Drake protests, face contorting as he tries to hold back his emotions, "If anything she should be the one to apologize to me!"

Jia Hyson narrows his eyes. "Why?"

"I, eh, what?" Drake falters, "Well, it's obviously because, because she,"

"Mhmm," Jia Hyson hums, the impatience laced through his voice, "yes? Yes? I'm all ears."

"She, she,"

"Did she lie to me? Insult a junior three years younger? Openly mocked their achievements on camera?" As he asked each question, Jia Hyson moves closer and closer to Drake until the young man's back was against the door. Despite being younger, Drake was still a little taller than him so he had to lift his head up slightly to stare fiercely into his eyes while he smiles coldly. "No wait-" Jia Hyson slams his hands at the door, closing Drake between his arms, "That was all you wasn't it? So what on earth did Maddy do that makes you think you have the moral high ground here?"

Drake's breathing was fast and heavy as he stares back at Jia Hyson. While he had done it to be intimidating, seeing Drake's expression of confused lust suddenly made Jia Hyson very self-conscious about how close they were. His own heart started picking up speed and quickly he stepped back lest he do something and add even more drama to this clusterfuck.

He takes another glance at Drake's face which was a beautiful mix of yearning desperation and disappointment that made Jia Hyson a little weak in the knees. Ah, if Drake pushed him down right now he really wouldn't mind it- 

Bebe:  

Unfortunately Drake didn't, despite looking like he dearly wished to. Jia Hyson curses silently at this dickless virgin. Dominant alpha male lead his ass. Clearly this was a submissive puppy that had to be coaxed. Or whipped. Unfortunately this master refuses to be the one to take it another step further. He's already shown his feelings, if Drake really doesn't do anything about it but sulk then he really is a dickless virgin who doesn't deserve this great master.

"Adrian," Drake suddenly pleads sensing his scorn, "I, I'm sorry, I, before my identity.. I was worried that you, I wanted.."

"You thought I would treat you differently if I thought you were rich?" Jia Hyson finishes for him disdainfully, such a damn cliche. Inwardly he felt a little frustrated, if that man kept on stuttering so cutely like that he wouldn't be able to stop himself from kissing him quiet. Being angry was really hard. "I would've understood if you kept it from me for a year or even three- but five? You really think so little of me don't you?"

"No, that's not true!" Drake grabs Jia Hyson's hand, tugging him sharply so he stumbles back toward him. Like a snake the younger man wraps himself around him so tightly Jia Hyson could feel their heartbeats thrumming together making his face heat. "I, I was just scared! I know you're not like that but still, I really do, I mean, I, I," Struggling with his words Drake wavers, eyes getting red in his own anxiety to try convey himself. It was, it was-

Really fucking hot 

Jia Hyson: 'If he cries now I may have to push him down,'

Bebe: !!! 'You're really getting off on this?!'

Jia Hyson: ?'You mean you're not??"

Bebe: this Host is really too disgusting, Bebe can't say anything to this pervert

Feeling his chest warm, Jia Hyson dismisses his previous resolve to force Drake to make the next move and leans upwards to press a kiss onto the other man's slightly chapped lips. For a moment Drake froze, but probably since he's already missed his last opportunity with the whole chocolates thing, he quickly recovers, fiercely kissing Jia Hyson back with a fiery dominating passion that can only be described in stories.

"Dra-ah-ke," Jia Hyson groans out feeling both lightheaded and a little wronged. Barely a few seconds in and he was so dizzy from it that he was weak in the knees, leaning even closer into Drake's firm embrace. There was clearly no technique or experience in Drake's movements and yet the pleasure Jia Hyson received from it made all his previous encounters feel like a joke in comparison. Wasn't this just a complete cheat?! All the men around the world are all choking on their blood right now!

"I love you Adrian, I've loved you for years," Drake confesses, voice deeper and hoarse, exuding sexual tension and want. Jia Hyson was stunned. One rather short round of kissing and his voice comes out so roughened like he'd just gone and had sex for three nights and three days? There was barely any tongue!

...Don't tell him for a smut novel like this the male lead halo only properly activates once dirty things comes into play?

"Adrian?" Drake drops his head down and huskily whispers, "Adrian, I know you like me back, please forgive me?"

His hand caresses Jia Hyson's lower back, barely stopping before the swell of his ass. Jia Hyson softly moans, his body feeling electrified and hypersensitive in a way that's only happened as he neared the height of pleasure during sex. This was truly unfair! No wonder in the story Maddy after a short period of resistance finally caved in and did all those sort of deeply unprofessional things even in public- the male lead once triggered can become a walking aphrodisiac! Does that mean everything written in a story has the potential to become so literal when reproduced into a reality?

Ah it's a little scary

Bebe: 'Host! Please get yourself together! Aren't you trying to prevent this story from sinking into the sewer?!'

Jia Hyson: 'I'm really trying but I'm seriously weak to pleasure ah!' 

Bebe: 'You deserve to be stabbed!!' )

Of course even if Jia Hyson wanted to comment on his system's heartbreaking comments, he couldn't as his brain was currently melting under Drake's searing hot kiss. Tongue was even included! This male lead is leveling up too quickly, Jia Hyson could barely keep up much less fight back with his own moves!

This time his knees really did give out and Drake holds him even tighter to steady him. Jia Hyson was panting like he had never had fresh air before and he could feel a hardness pressing against his own arousal. Unable to help himself he rubbed up against it excitedly, enjoying the way Drake quietly moans at his actions. Despite his golden sex finger, Jia Hyson still had undeniably more experience from years of being a slag.

Bebe: ...should you really be proud of this host?

"Again," Jia Hyson demands breathily, all his pent up stress finally overflowing, the pheromones his man was exuding didn't help either. "Drake, ah, again,"

"Forgive me?" Drake coaxes with a sly tyrannical smirk which only proved that his halo had made itself known. "If you do I'll kiss you again,"

Now it was Jia Hyson whose gone still with hesitation. Of course unlike himself, Drake was very happy to wait for him to turn back online.

Jia Hyson: ...Fuck the tables have really turned here.

Bebe: 'Hoe don't do it.'

Jia Hyson: '...I'm gonna to do it.'

Bebe: 'Oh my god.'

Throwing his previous act of indignation out, Jia Hyson nods frantically, licking his lips as if he could still taste the buzz of pleasure lingering on his lips. "Forgive, I forgive, please..." he looks down bashfully, his eyes staring down at Drake's collarbone as he whispers with desperate need, "I've wanted this for such a long time, Drake,"

Drake makes an almost beastly growl and attacks his mouth again, pouring all his emotions and desire he had pent up these last few years. Jia Hyson eagerly took it all and exchanged it back with equal fervor. Quickly the room was filled with an ambiguous air with even more ambiguous sounds interspersed around.

Maddy, still waiting outside: ...Oi, what am I? Chopped liver?

Daniel and Lex, also waiting outside: ...hehe 




With an inner resolve Jia Hyson didn't know he had, Jia Hyson just barely stopped himself from eating Drake up completely.

Bebe: ...inner resolve, what inner resolve? Clearly it was just Bebe 

Both breathless and flushed, the pair stares at each other as they lay entwined together on the queen-sized single bed. Even if they hadn't gone all the way, their repressed feelings wouldn't have been satisfied through kissing alone so they were both half-naked and sweaty. Still, despite being uncomfortably sticky in all sorts of places, they both had silly smiles on their faces.

"Adrian," Drake murmurs, kissing him soft and affectionately, "I love you."

Jia Hyson sighs happily and also gives him a kiss back, "You, you really are so cute,"

Drake frowns cutely, "How am I cute?"

"Then what should I call you?" Jia Hyson teases, "Sexy? Handsome? Gorgeous?"

"How about," Drake hums thoughtfully before giving him a wolfishly cheeky grin, "Mine?"

Jia Hyson shivers at how possessive and darkly affectionate he sounds. Such a sweet talker. "Yours," he agrees, with a pleased smile, "All yours,"

The younger man hugs Jia Hyson closer, nails digging into his back as if he wishes to dig a hole in his body and live forever inside him. Jia Hyson arches his back and moans, aroused at the thought and pain. "Mhnn... Drake..."

Ah, he's getting interested again.

Bebe: 'You're such a dirty spicy chicken host! I want to break up!'

Jia Hyson: 'Break up? You thought we were dating before? I may have no standards but I still wouldn't date you, peh!'

Bebe: QAQ why is it suddenly Bebe feels heartbroken?

Rolling his eyes, Jia Hyson admits that he may have gone off topic a little. Pushing himself up from the bed and out of Drake's embrace, he gives him a serious look. "Drake, about Maddy..."

Drake's face immediately contorts, "What about her?" He demands. "Do you still like her?! You can't like her! You just said you were mine!"

Bebe: ...wow

Jia Hyson: ...Darling, wtf

He just did so many things with his mouth and this man still thinks Jia Hyson is romantically interested in Maddy?! It turns out his man is such a dumb fucking moron!

Jia Hyson smacks Drake upside the head, "You got stupider since I last saw you right?" He asks disdainfully. "Tell me, do you recall a while back when I was talking about my brother and sister and I showed you a photo of us three during New Years a while back?"

Drake hesitates, his temper already shriveling back into nothing as he feels wary and uneasy at such a strange unrelated question right after the hurtful insult. Was this to test him on his apparent lack of intelligence? Could it be that Adrian really thinks he's stupid? Was he being stupid?

He thinks for a moment. Drake does know Adrian has younger siblings, Adrian talks about them a lot. He knows they're both younger, one is chatty and cute, while the other is mature and dependable. The chatty one is a girl if he recalls, and the mature one is a boy. Um.

In retrospect, maybe Drake should have paid more attention to those photos and what Adrian had been talking about rather than staring at Adrian's face instead while inwardly praising how maternal and kind he is. The only impression he had gotten about Adrian's siblings was that they made Adrian happy despite making Adrian work so hard all the time and they were extremely lucky to have a brother like Adrian.

In short, Drake truly hadn't paid any attention at all to anything about the siblings themselves, just how Adrian relates to them. If Jia Hyson knew this he would've beat this dumb fuck up and tell him that he should have put at least some male lead points to intelligence instead of investing it all into his dick. In fact that is exactly what Jia Hyson did when he later on.

Unfortunately he did not do voice his doubts now because Drake smiles, nods and presses another sweet kiss onto the corner of Jia Hyson's mouth, "En, of course," he says sincerely.

Jia Hyson couldn't help but feel both puzzled and pleased by how honest and genuine Drake sounded. "Then why are you being so mean to Maddy?"

Drake presses his face into the crook of his boyfriend's neck, inhaling the mild scent of sweat and the spices Adrian had been handling today, and hiding the way his eyes flash with unhappiness at the mention of that woman. Was Adrian soft on her because she reminds him of his sister? Even if that was so Drake couldn't help but still feel insecure, after all, familiarity breeds dependence and affection. Not to mention it was clear as day they had chemistry, they interacted like they knew each other for years.

"I'm sorry," Drake murmurs morosely, taking the opportunity to eat some extra tofu by nuzzling into that silky, creamy skin trying to resist the urge to bite into it. He enjoys being so close to Adrian, feeling even the faintest tremble and the softest breath as Adrian begins to writhe and pant again.

"Ah-are you?" Adrian mutters suspiciously but it seems he's truly weak to pleasure as his words had begun to slur a little as if on the precipice of drunkenness. Mentally Drake notes that down for future reference. It was a valuable piece of information that needed to be investigated thoroughly in the future.

"Of course," Drake lies smoothly though it falls a bit short since he became more interested in tasting Adrian's skin once more. In a good mood he graciously promises Adrian to treat Maddy a little nicer from now on before quickly moving on to see if he could convince his boyfriend to make out with him again. Luckily for him it seems Adrian was just as impatient and eagerly agreed.

The room once again was filled to the brim with ambiguous things.

Daniel and Lex: ...it's starting to get dark QAQ

Maddy: That bastard Drake Lanzoni! He dares try and take my brother's virtue! I! Will! Not! Forgive!

Bebe: Girl, your brother practically shoved his virtue into Drake's hands...

When Jia Hyson finally opened the door, there were three distinctly unhappy people waiting for him there. He feels a little shamed for the first time in a long time. Especially when Daniel barged into their room and screamed in a manner unbefitting of a smooth playboy, "You damn beasts! Couldn't you have rolled around your own beds?! We just did the laundry! Fucking hell!"

Lex pats Daniel's shoulder soothingly but even his kind scholarly face was twisted, "Now, now, I'm sure that these two animals will be very willing to give us their bunk bed now. Only truly shameless people with no morals whatsoever would still cling to their bunk bed after rutting on someone else's bed."

Jia Hyson froze a little bit under such a gentle and cold smile. It was even worse than his own expression from before. Ah, wasn't Lex Grey the saintly scholar type of supporting character? Was it because his personality was too similar to Adrian's that he blackened a little bit?

"Don't worry," Lex assures Jia Hyson, voice as light as a summer breeze despite none of the warmth showing in his eyes, "We'll switch back the next laundry day."

Daniel and Jia Hyson look at Lex in surprise, "You want us to switch back afterwards?" Daniel demands, "Are you kidding me, why?"

Lex gives Daniel a much kinder smile than the one he directed at Jia Hyson. Jia Hyson notes that his hand still hasn't left Daniel's shoulder and suddenly he had a very strange feeling about the pair. "Do you really want to keep sleeping in a room with those two sharing the same bed? After all, clearly they've already established feelings, it would be no surprise if at night they..."

Daniel makes a disgusted expression as he glances at Jia Hyson, and Drake hovering over-protectively behind him like he was worried someone was going to punch his beloved. Little does he know, the one everyone clearly wanted to punch was him, however at the same time everyone was fairly intimidated by Drake so they choose to speak with Adrian instead. The only exception was Maddy who was silently glaring at him like he had fucked her mother right in front of her. Which... wasn't too far from the truth really.

"Ahh, no, yes, I get!" Daniel shakes his head as if trying to get the image out of his head. "Fuck your right Lex, why should we reward these bastards with our bed?" He sneers at the pair, his aristocratic and naturally seductive features making him look like a young noble disdaining the poor, "Adrian, tell your, your, ugh, tell Drake that he only gets our bed till next Monday! Then it's ours again!"

Jia Hyson felt a little speechless at the sight, it seems that the characters have developed a bit differently to the story? Daniel seems cuter and more tsundere though maybe it's because he's being compared to the elegant maturity of Lex. Also, speaking of Lex, his hand was still on Daniel's shoulder and weren't they a little too close to each other?

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, it couldn't be that I turned this shitty smut novel into a shitty gay smut novel right?' 

Bebe: 'Host is lucky this mission is so easy that even a sneeze could improve ratings or Bebe would've castrated you.'

Jia Hyson: 'My family's Bebe has gotten meaner lately.'

Still, the comment made Jia Hyson feel far more guilty than offending his roommates. After all this was his first mission, he should at least have the resolve to do his best here. A better improvement in the story means better rewards for both the host and system. And since Bebe had wasted all it's points on stupid shit they really needed to earn at least enough to get the facial recognition program.

"That's fine," Jia Hyson agrees quickly, clinging onto his motivation to work hard for the story while it was still present and looks at Drake, "don't worry, we won't be doing anything like that anymore."

Drake's face could be best described as the expression one would make when watching the sky fall right after learning to fly.

Maddy nods satisfied at Adrian's attitude. There's the moral and upstanding brother she knows! He must have been temporarily bewitched by that asshole Drake and coerced by his devilish looks and sweet lies. Unbeknownst to Jia Hyson, his sister has silently vowed to make sure Drake suffer and regret ever thinking he could have her brother.

Of course, how could Drake not see her smug happiness at Adrian's declaration? Maddy had a very open and honest personality and that reflected on her emotive face. It couldn't have been more clear unless it was scribbled on her forehead. As they by chance locked eyes, the pair simultaneously gave each other a disdainful sneer.

Jia Hyson noticed the change in expression on his sister, following her line of sight his gaze moves toward Drake who had put on an exaggerated expression of innocence.

Jia Hyson: '...'

He turns to look back at Maddy only to see she has the same expression on. If anything it was even more badly exaggerated.

Jia Hyson: '...'

Helpless he shrugs to himself. At least it seems like they're not going to openly antagonize each other in his presence. He's not sure how the new story is produced exactly but if their enmity is downplayed it should be interpreted as rivalry. Probably. Hopefully.

He should get Bebe to contact the counterattack systems just in case things don't pan out.

After running away to shower, Jia Hyson pulls Maddy into a lone corner and explains the general messy misunderstanding about Jacob and Drake. As expected, Maddy's opinion of him did not improve. She didn't say anything but Jia Hyson is fairly sure Drake has been labeled 'irredeemable scum' in her eyes.

"-anyway, I like Drake a lot so if you can get along with him a bit that would be great." Jia Hyson finishes a bit lamely.

"Sure, whatever," Maddy sullenly replies like the teenager she is. Jia Hyson was absolutely positive she wasn't going to do it but this time he wasn't as worried. Maddy is written with the type of character that will hit when she is hit and forgive when forgiveness is asked. At the very most she'll badmouth Drake and poke at him a bit.

Jia Hyson gives her a relieved smile, patting her on the head indulgently, "Good, good," he cheerily praises, "now we should go to bed, it's getting a little late."

"Adrian.." Maddy hesitates, "what about you share the bed with me tonight instead? I mean, I believe you of course, but I don't trust Drake to try something on you!" She scowls as she spits out Drake's name like it was dirt in her mouth.

Jia Hyson blinks, a little unsure what to say. Because telling your younger sister who thinks the world of you that you were the one who initiated the relationship with the person she currently dislikes the most was not an option he was willing to consider. He doesn't enjoy facing the disappointment of people he likes.

Luckily he didn't need to answer. Because Drake, who of course has been eavesdropping, immediately pulled Jia Hyson forcefully into his arms. Hugging him tightly while glaring at Maddy. "Adrian's sleeping with me." He announces.

"You-!"

"Maddy, don't worry," Jia Hyson interrupts before they start fighting, "I'll be fine, give Drake a little credit okay?"

"But he's a huge dic-"

"Okay! Goodnight!" Jia Hyson swiftly drags Drake back into their room, slamming the door and throwing himself back onto their new temporary bed. He buries his tired face into one of the pillows. It really has been a long day. As the lights switch off, he wriggles his way under the blankets, ignoring the burning gaze on his back. Only when the mattress dips when Drake crawls on behind him does he turn around to face the younger man.

Drake of course was watching him back. After a minute of silent staring he asks quietly, "Were you serious about the not going any further matter?"

Jia Hyson sneers. So his mind was still on sexual matters, as expected of the male lead of this story. "I'm not going to lose any bit of my virginity on the set of a television show." He adamantly declares in a harsh whisper. Just one kiss triggered Drake's libido and unlocked some of his natural dominating sexiness, Jia Hyson could only quake in fear at what would happen if they went all the way.

He knew his limits. It had taken him a lot just to not attack him before. Now that Jia Hyson had a small taste and watched his man become more alluring as a result, he really wouldn't dare do more.

Bebe: 'Wait so Host would be willing to have sex here if the story wasn't hindered by it?'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe, don't worry, this Host is willing to have sex on a dragon if he has to!' 

Bebe: 'That really wasn't.. on a dragon? Really?'

Bebe felt slightly impressed by the depths of his host's shamelessness.

Drake looks deeply into Jia Hyson's eyes for a moment before nodding with a silly smile that didn't suit his face but made him very cute in Jia Hyson's eyes. "You're right, our first time together should of course be special."

Jia Hyson: ...So your first time with Maddy in the story was what? To scratch an itch? Ah, I feel a little torn about this.

Unaware of Jia Hyson's conflicting feelings, Drake takes the opportunity to kiss him affectionately again and snack a bit on Adrian's tofu in the dark. Jia Hyson basks in the attention for few minutes then lightly smacking Drake's hands away before they could get even bolder. "Don't be difficult," Jia Hyson scolds with a breathless voice.

Even in the dark Jia Hyson can feel his lover sulk. Indulgently he snuggled up to him, enjoying having a warm body to cuddle with and entwine his limbs around like an enthusiastic koala. Personally he finds cuddling one of the few good things about a relationship, other than the guaranteed sex of course.

Bebe:   'You really were scum in your original life huh?'

Jia Hyson: 'I donated to charity and got stabbed, it all evens out in the end.'


Bebe: 'You have weird ideas about how karma works.'

The next day was elimination day. However since no one interesting was on the chopping block, and the challenge was basic, the day was mostly spent on the balcony chatting with the people who were equally uninterested in the proceedings while a Drake shaped blanket possessively hung around his shoulders whispering sweet little things in his ears. Most people were surprised at this turn of events, some were disgusted and some merely sighed and mournfully said some rendition of 'all the good ones are always gay'.

The Monologuing room was very full that day.

As one of the main sources of gossip, of course Jia Hyson was pushed into this room. Literally. He felt a little speechless at that. He knows this is all very exciting but shouldn't they be focusing more on the elimination challenge? Or at least try to act more interested?

Given a few cues and questions, Jia Hyson responds with a smile and a blush that wasn't quite faked. He recounts the story about Drake hiding his identity and how he hadn't known till they met again, embellishing it to be much more romantic and less anger-inducing than it actually was. For main characters with built in golden fingers, they sure were dumb as rocks when it comes to basic understanding of emotional consequences when faced with their love interests.

Also, speaking on that matter, he's seventy-three percent sure that Drake has no clue Maddy is his sister. Jia Hyson isn't sure how the author god did it, but somehow, despite previous glaring evidence and obvious hints, Drake can't see it. Worse still, in order to ensure both Maddy and Adrian could compete, they signed a very legal agreement to not reveal their sibling relationship till the last moment to provide just that extra spice of drama.

If it was any other situation, Jia Hyson might've caved and told Drake since he was wary of Drake's shaky male lead halo. However as a reluctant reader of this story, he is well aware of how pervasive the third season of Home-cooked Miracle really is. Hidden cameras were everywhere save for the bedrooms, and even those still had recording devices. Only the bathrooms were safe places but since they have a tendency to echo it wouldn't be difficult to eavesdrop there as well. Simply put, Jia Hyson really couldn't afford to even think about breaking their confidentiality contract much less try.

It seems... his own creativity has unexpectedly slapped him in the face?

For the sake of the story, Jia Hyson puts away his doubts and pretends to genuinely believe that Drake now knows his real relationship with Maddy. Even if he really wanted to slap the stupid out of that handsome face every time it eats vinegar, Jia Hyson keeps up an expression of ignorance. After all, the number one must have in romance story is obliviousness! A character can be as intelligent as a supercomputer but must be daft when it comes to matters of the heart. They can have the highest EQ in the world but wouldn't be able to tell if someone likes them unless it was punched into their faces twice. Obliviousness was a beloved aspect of any story, guaranteed to make the viewers happy at home.

By the third week of the competition, the overall situation between the relationships of the contestants have more or less stabilized. As Jia Hyson had hoped, Maddy and Drake had took on a strong rivalry that just barely brushed past the line of pure enmity. Daniel and Lex had become close friends. They were also friendly with Jia Hyson, though unfortunately they didn't dare act too chummy for fear of his overbearing boyfriend. That really could be the same to be said for everyone in regards to Jia Hyson. Male, female, young, old, Drake seems to be happy to eat all types of vinegar.

Maddy of course had attracted many friends and enemies over this period. Though a lot of those friends had left the competition it was a huge improvement from the original setup. A major change was the presence of Anne Brooks, who had avoided getting emotionally beaten up by Daniel thanks to their lack of interaction now that most of Daniel's time has been subtly monopolized by Lex. Instead, she had become a steadfast friend for Maddy. Not only that it turned out she was a small fan of Adrian and after overcoming her initial shyness asked him for an autograph.

Then there was also Ryan Powers the other main supporting male lead after Lex Grey, and the joker Eric Jones who had become good friends with Maddy. Ryan Powers was really just a less powerful and, in Jia Hyson's opinion, less interesting version of Drake. Of course because of this, Ryan seems to hold some sort of inferiority complex toward the more superior Drake, establishing a one-sided rivalry with him. Maddy and he got closer under the pretense of 'the enemy to my enemy is a friend'. Eric was there because he found this whole thing extremely funny.

Of course just because Maddy had more friends, didn't mean she necessarily had less enemies. Despite Jia Hyson's changes to the setting, it hadn't altered the fact that technically Maddy was surrounded by gorgeous young men. Shirley currently was the main cannonfodder antagonist at this stage, though as expected as the first villain in Maddy's way (that wasn't Drake) her harassment was fairly typical. Harley, the other bully was a little bit smarter and was using gossip as her main weapon. The three white lotus girls were taking their time to show themselves, Susan Bee was the main ticking time bomb as she has wormed her way into being Maddy's second close friend after Anne.

As for Eddie Walker and James Cartwell... well, they were still utter cocks but most of their aggro had gone towards someone else.

Unfortunately that someone else was Jia Hyson.

"Oi, look, it's the fag," Eddie sneers as he passes by with James snickering next to him. Jia Hyson rolls his eyes. They all live in one, albeit large, house. Like. Fuck off man.

"Oh look, it's asshole one and two," Maddy shoots back. Jia Hyson lightly restrains her by the shoulder. She's already tried to beat them up the first time this happened, since she was a small girl no one took her seriously but now Eddie walks with a limp. Jia Hyson had been proud. He knew those martial arts lessons wasn't a waste! Maddy got a warning back then but she may not get it again.

However due to this, the tables have turned and now Eddie and James fear her and in turn hate Adrian even more. Apparently hiding behind a girl is worse than getting beat up by said girl. "I see you have pipsqueak speaking up for you again," James laughs darkly, but pointedly was looking away from Maddy's glaring eyes, "what? Where's your boyfriend?"

"Unlike you and Eddie, I don't need to stick by my man every waking minute," Jia Hyson laughs back, "I mean, seriously, I never see you two apart anymore. I'm almost jealous."

As homophobic bigots, the best way to provoke them was imply that they were what they most hated. The pair's faces immediately went black.

"Come on," Jia Hyson tugs Maddy toward the direction of the waiting cars outside the house, "let's go, it's a service challenge today."

Maddy groans but obediently follows him into a car, happy to have the privilege now that Drake keeps stealing her chances to stick close to her brother. "Service challenges are the worst!"

They were.

The pressure of a time limit. The calculations for large quantities of dishes. The shouting. The panic. The planning. And worse-

The teamwork.

Now Jia Hyson doesn't mind group projects. He doesn't. Really. As long as he has competent teammates who are willing to take his suggestions into consideration and have a decent level of skill he's fairly happy. However, with a cast full of bullies, backstabbers and stereotypical stubborn, ignorant idiots, group challenges become actual nightmares. He's never experienced working with such pig teammates before and Jia Hyson clearly recalls middle-school.

As it's the third week, the challenges of course had become bigger and bolder. For this service challenge the cars sent them out into the countryside. This gave Maddy and himself time to cheerfully re-establish their sibling relationship without Jia Hyson's vinegar eating boyfriend.

Meanwhile in another car, Daniel Green was staring morosely out the window as he suffocated on the surrounding silence and his own unshed tears. Ah, so unlucky. He had just been innocently waiting in the car for Lex to join him before Drake suddenly opened the door and sat next to him. Now suddenly Daniel is forced to endure a few hours alone with the most intimidating contestant here.

Lex, in the car behind Daniel and Drake, was also looking particularly gloomy. He was stuck with one of the white lotuses, Charlotte who was doing nothing but giving him coy blushing looks.

If Jia Hyson had known of the situation he would've have lit a candle for the pair. Ah, the life of a supporting male was always hard.




Once everyone arrives, they all walk toward a field where the three judges stood. Behind them were three large tents filled with various cooking devices and kitchen benches for them to use. Jia Hyson silently redid the math. There were twenty-five people now, and since Harley won Monday's challenge she earns the special privilege to sit out today's cooking showdown, so that means eight per group.

"Good morning chefs!" Olivia happily greets, her pretty face lighting up, "Today we've got a busy schedule ahead!"

"At 3 o'clock one hundred and eighty farmers around this area will be coming over here to enjoy lunch with us." Chef George smiles.

"Using the freshest produce provided by said farmers, we expect each team in six hours to provide an entree, a main and a dessert for sixty-one people." Morgan Durand instructs, making everyone burst into anxious whispering.

Even though he knew this was coming Jia Hyson was seriously considering straight up quitting the show as he heard this. He didn't even like the simpler team challenges and now he's forced to work with seven people to make three different dishes for sixty-one people. Ah, life was hard.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe, can we do something easier next time?'

Bebe: 'This is one of the simplest worlds we can give and yet you're whining like such a bitch.'

Jia Hyson sighs at his system. Really, shouldn't it be a little more polite? 'Bebe you make me sad. I'm going to save up for the system personality adjuster.' He says with a sincere inner voice that doesn't hide the sadistic streak of amusement in his thoughts, 'Don't worry, you'll be the sexiest system ever once I'm done with you.'

The words that Bebe said in response to this can not be put on most online novel sites. If pressed, an author trying recreate a component of the exact dialogue would end of producing something like, "F your   face in the d with dog s! I hope you get  by a f !"  

Simply put, it was too unbearable to write much less hear in one's own head. Jia Hyson didn't reply to this, feeling deeply wronged.

The groups were decided by drawing straws, with three short straws indicating the owner of said straw would act as team leader. Obviously as one of the first large scale challenges and a notable event in the storyline, both Drake and Maddy drew the short straws. The last straw was drawn by Harley.

Jia Hyson was really glad he wasn't on her team.

He high-fives a grinning Maddy as he walks to her tent. "Don't work me too hard chef," he teases.

"Are you kidding? I'm so going to enjoy this," Maddy cackles. Jia Hyson sweats a little, ah, he really wants to go home.

Maddy, leading the Blue team, has Jia Hyson, Eddie, Shirley and four other contestants. Eric, leading the Green team had Ryan, Charlotte, Anne and two others. A sullen looking Drake, leading the Red team had the last of the white lotus girls, Milly and Susan, three other chefs... and Daniel and Lex.

Daniel and Lex: '...' FUCK why did they always end up with that vinegar eating psycho? Were they cursed?!  

Jia Hyson nods in silent approval at the casting. It was more or less the same as the story. Of course, since it's a team challenge, just changing one person on a team can shift the relationship dynamics and affect the outcome. However, the dishes may change but Jia Hyson is still hoping for the same final result.

That the Blue team get last place.

Maddy's been doing extremely well since the beginning but everyone knows, a protagonist with no hardships is not a protagonist at all. This challenge will be one of the first major obstacles in Maddy's journey to be a top chef, and Jia Hyson knows he can only stand back and encourage her to the best of his abilities.

Feeling a little sad, Jia Hyson sticks closer to her as she gathers their team around their tent to discuss ideas, completely unaware of his boyfriend's increasingly jealous gaze.

"Um, Drake? What do you think?" Daniel prompts, noticing Drake had gotten silent as their own discussion went on. Inwardly Daniel was crying in his heart. He couldn't believe he once thought this young man seemed pretty cool and aloof, like a young god above men, however the reality was Drake was more like a beast among men, hot-tempered, unruly and would only heel for his master. "Drake?"

"The prawn salad isn't a good idea," Drake finally says, proving that he was still listening intently to everyone even when absentminded. Despite his... love struck personality Drake was still an intelligent and competitive man with a dream. "All the guests are farmers from around this countryside and the criteria is to show off their produce, there's a chance the seafood options are red herrings. We need to go safe in ingredients but go wild with our cooking so let's go with-"

"Adrian? Hello? Earth to Adrian?" Jia Hyson comes back to reality as someone begins to repeatedly snap their fingers in front of his face, "Christ I didn't think people could actually drool over a person, your image is ruined bro."

Jia Hyson awkwardly wipes his mouth to check for drool much to his sister's disgust. He couldn't help it, watching Drake on the other side act like such a cool, alpha male leader was like live porn to this repressed young slag. Drake had that concentrated fierce determination on his face, and that voice as it starts to bark out orders...

"Adrian as your team leader I am allowed to slap you."

"No you're not," he immediately says but he stops oogling and quickly continues chopping up the vegetables to prepare for the entree he, Maddy and a middle-aged banker named Ben were in charge of. They had three people working on the entree- a seasonal vegetable, bacon and goats cheese tart stuffed with sweet caramelized onions, tangy tomatoes, mild eggplant, mushrooms and thyme- with Maddy and Adrian working on the vegetables, Ben was on puff pastry. Despite the large amount of work, it was relatively simple to make, allowing Maddy to have the freedom to go around and make sure the team is doing what they are meant to be doing once most of the preparation is done.

Eddie and two other contestants were in charge of their main dish- slow-cooked beef cheeks with beetroot, charred carrots, all on top of some buttery mashed potatoes. Shirley and the last mob chef was assigned to dessert- blackberry lime cream puffs with swirled chocolate berry ice cream.

If things went perfectly, Jia Hyson would have been confident in their win, or at least confident they wouldn't lose. Eddie, despite being an utter cock, lived up to his stereotype of all American manly man and specialized in cooking meat. Shirley's family is essentially from high society (actually there were a lot of rich people this season thinking about it) though about two tiers below Drake's own lineage she was still fairly knowledgeable in terms of classy cuisine trends, especially desserts. Because... reasons.

Jia Hyson is just glad Maddy branched out and enjoyed all aspects of cooking, as long as the main character is diverse in her talent, who cares that almost all the women specialized in dessert making and almost all the men preferred grilling meat on a bbq?

Jia Hyson does. He really does. If you're going to be whitewashing the story, at the very least diversify a little in the culinary aspect then. There's going to be a sternly worded letter to the author in his notebook about walking gender stereotypes but it wasn't like he could change that right now could he? Even if he had the skill to change his expertise from sandwiches and, to a lesser extent, seafood, into something more 'feminine' he wouldn't now that he's established a sexuality in this world.

As an author, he needs to know his audience but as a beta in some ways he is the audience. However if the audience's cultural outlooks from the original author's world differs from his own, it could get messy. Just his presence as a gay male could drop ratings if the world as a whole is still adopting a more homophobic viewpoint. Even if Bebe has reassured him that the authors of these stories come from a similar reality to his own, they both know that even tiny changes in a world's history can completely alter a society's views.

Either way, it doesn't matter, as long as a story is good even an offensive remark can be merely taken as controversy. Jia Hyson knows this better than anyone else as he boasts to writing some extremely messed up shit that still somehow won literary awards and the love of the mainstream populace under the guise of 'dark fantasy'. He's confident that he can manipulate a good destiny for his main character, the only thing he dislikes is the idea that a less competent author is going to write it in his place.

Over half way through the prep time, Maddy had already gone to survey the others while the first batch of tarts had already gone into the oven. Jia Hyson was mixing together the goat cheese, vegetable and bacon filling and Ben was working on his third roll of puff pastry. Despite being the first to serve, they were fairly satisfied with the rate of their progress. However everyone else on the team was pretty tense since they had more components to their dishes. It was even more stressful considering this was the first time everyone had made food for so many people, and in a small outdoor kitchen too. Shirley already broke out into an argument with Maddy and Eddie about stove space twice, and once with Ben about the use of the oven.

In fact, the most stressed person in their group was Shirley. If there was one word constantly used to describe Shirley it would have to be 'arrogant' so it wasn't a shock to Jia Hyson that she insisted on making such a complex dish, even if he hadn't read the story he wouldn't have been surprised.

Not only is the cream puff choux pastry hard to make, especially considering they were cooking outside, she had various other elements to focus on as well such as the blackberry and lime filling, and the chocolate berry ice cream. All three main components required a careful eye for measurements and a steady hand, if she and her partner makes a mistake it would be easy to see in the final results. They were all time consuming too, if they had to start again or they underestimated the amounts needed, it really would be disastrous.

Even though Shirley took on this burden herself, refusing to listen to Maddy's suggestion of a simpler dish, over time she became more resentful at the lack of help she was given. Jia Hyson watches her carefully while he begins to scoop the last of the filling into the small tart tins. Shirley's face was dark with barely restrained frustration and anger as she glared into her cream that needed to be slowly whipped. She had already split it once which made her even more pressed for time.

Jia Hyson could easily write paragraphs about her current mood right now. Shirley is scared about being the one to bring the team to failure and furious that no one is helping her out since it was obvious she is the one struggling the most. She's angry at Ben for using so much oven space. Angry at her partner for being so slow. Angry at Maddy for being so clearly incompetent. Ah, if only he wasn't so busy right now, he was itching to write in detail about this self-absorbed girl's quick descent into blind rage. It would be even better is she went straight to utter madness but unfortunately that really would be too extreme of a reaction..

Bebe: ...You are enjoying this too much you perverted Host.

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe.'

Once all the tarts were filled, the first batch had already come out of the oven, ready to be plated. After a short discussion Ben and Jia Hyson decided how the tart was going to be placed on the plate, since they still had a good twenty minutes till the guests came in, Maddy assigned Jia Hyson to help with the mains until then while Ben continues plating. This of course made the frazzled Shirley furious, resulting in another argument with Maddy.

"It isn't fair!" She screams.

Maddy, who had been restraining her own temper, finally snapped. She didn't like Shirley, and the only reason she was even willing to try mediate with this hysterical selfish bully was because Adrian was there and Maddy didn't want to disappoint him after being given such an opportunity to show off her responsibility as a team leader. She had wanted to do her best, win, beating Drake's smug face in the process and bask in her big brother's warm praise and admiration. And Shirley was ruining it.

"It's not fair? The only unfair thing in this tent is clearly you, you dumb fucking bitch!" Maddy finally yells back, shocking everyone with her unexpected vulgarity. Even the people in the other tents had stopped what they were doing.

"Wha- you-" Shirley splutters, evidently caught off guard by the explosion, quickly though her shock turns back to anger, "how dare you! You-"

"NO!" Maddy screams, "Shirley I have had it up to here with you! You wanted to do dessert so we let you, you wanted to create such a complex dish and you got mad when we told you it was a bad idea, and now you're complaining about having no support?! Do you have a hole in your brain?! All you've done is cause trouble while poor Marie-Ann over there does most of the work!"

"That's, that's not true! Who gives you the right to speak to me like this!" Shirley, not to be outdone, screams back. However even though both women were screaming like banshees, everyone was more inclined toward Maddy. Even without her likable personality and protagonist halo, Shirley was just too irritating to bear. Even Eddie Walker disliked her, though mainly because she had rejected his advances and essentially told him that she would rather be with a dog than him.

Jia Hyson: 'Eddie, Shirley, Harley... ah there are so many unlikable people in this story.'

Bebe: 'Bebe agrees- Charlotte, James, Adrian... they are all just the worst. Simply scum really.'  

Jia Hyson:  'Scram!'

In the end, everyone in the group speaks out on behalf of Maddy, or at least, against Shirley. Even Jia Hyson stepped out to do his part and look disappointedly at her. This was a big blow to Shirley since Adrian turned out to be her favorite man on the show, finding his gentle family-friendly personality pleasing, even though he ended up with Drake, she couldn't help but like him still especially since he had confirmed that he wasn't strictly homosexual.

Humiliated beyond belief, Shirley gives out an incoherent shrill scream before stomping off out of the tent. Maddy gives out a tired sigh before requesting Ben, who had a meticulous personality and therefore was fairly skilled in making pastry despite his inexperience. Of course this still doesn't prevent the fact that the Blue team was in trouble.

Jia Hyson, as an all-rounder with strong foundational cooking skills that is best exploited through following simple orders that don't rely too much on his memory, was the most frantic one once Shirley left. Chopping, dicing, mixing, plating, his hands were practically a blur when the guests started to arrive. He didn't even bother to raise his head to great them like some of the others did, too busy helping finish off the any task that still hadn't been done.

"Oi fag," Eddie calls, "You done with the carrots yet?"

"You bastard, why the hell didn't you prepare them before?!" Jia Hyson complains as he passes a large tray of freshly washed and well seasoned carrots to the other man. "What have you been doing all this time?"

"We had some troubles with the meat," Eddie grudgingly defends, glaring at his partners that had been working with him on mains. While Eddie greatly dislikes Adrian, he isn't a complete food like Shirley and acknowledges that grudges can be temporarily dropped in favor of winning. If even Eddie could see this, of course Jia Hyson could too, so he merely sighs irritatedly, using his arm to wipe away his sweat.

"Get one of your guys to help plate the entrees with Maddy and Ben, I'll help with the mashed potatoes... that haven't been mashed, Christ you had two other people helping you! Have they been playing charades?!"

"Michael!" Eddie shouts to a rat-faced bearded man, "Help with the plating! Adrian's going to replace your useless ass!"

Michael nods giving Eddie a pandering look that made both Eddie and Jia Hyson's feel vaguely disgusted. "Of course, of course, whatever you say,"

As Michael shuffled over to the plating area, Eddie shakes his head and mutters a few insulting names to his back disdainfully. He then looks at Adrian and sighs, "I suppose there are worse things than a fag," he mutters under his breath. Jia Hyson's eye twitches but maintains his gentle expression, acting like he never heard him in the first place.

Jia Hyson: 'This man is simply asking to be stabbed,'

Bebe: 'If it improves ratings...'

After some serious contemplation, Jia Hyson decides murder does not belong in the family friendly cooking story he was trying to make and vents all his frustrations by mashing potatoes. He truly is a little grateful that he had gotten stronger from his previous manual labor part-time jobs because it turns out mashing a gigantic pot full of potatoes was harder than it looks. By the time he finished the first pot, entrees were being served.

Taking a quick glance, Jia Hyson felt his mouth water as he saw the other dishes. Drake's group went for stuffed mushrooms on a bed of thin slices of sweet potato crisps which gave the image of mushrooms growing from autumn leaves. It was elegant and beautiful yet simple and down to earth.

Eric evidently didn't pick up on the seafood trap like the other two groups and his entree was a prawn cocktail which will definitely give his team a disadvantage in the final tally up. However that didn't stop the dish from looking delicious, Jia Hyson doesn't really enjoy prawn cocktails but the juiciness of the fat little prawns made him reconsider for a moment.

He pulls his gaze from the guests beginning to eat and stares intently at his pot. Staring as the garlic butter he put in there melts into the fluffy potatoes. Staring as it began to exude the delicious scent of savory garlic.

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, fuck, I'm so hungry. Is there a beauty filter on all the food? This is torture.'  

Bebe: 'Bebe doesn't even have a mouth but Bebe also wants to eat ah.'

Mid-way through plating the main course, Shirley shows up again, eyes red-rimmed making it clear she had been crying. Probably in the monologue room. Chef George was by her side, mouth twisted into something that forbade bad things in their future.

"Why," he says in scarily neutral tone that made Jia Hyson want to drown in the mashed potatoes. Maddy had gone deathly pale. Even macho trash Eddie was sweating heavily. "did I find one of your fellow chefs crying outside the tent while I was showing our guests around?"

Everyone on the blue team were all ready to cry but they all sure as hell weren't going to let Shirley stay untouched by all this either.

Jia Hyson noticed that many people were glancing at Maddy expectantly and frowned. Even if she was team leader, she was still only eighteen, wasn't it a little embarrassing for full grown adults to cower behind her? Fueled by brotherly love, Jia Hyson steps up in her stead.

"Chef, it wasn't that we wanted her to leave," He says quietly but clearly, "Shirley is a very important part of the team and was supposed to be in charge of desserts. We had an argument with her and she left on her own," Jia Hyson pulls a slightly tired and aggrieved expression that wasn't all fake. He really was ready to drop dead on his bed anytime now. With this he has subtly thrown the blame into Shirley's court.

Seeing Adrian, the usually friendly and gentle character speak up first, made a few other people want to also step in to help. Maddy of course was one of them.

"Chef, it was my temper that caused Shirley to leave in the middle of cooking, and for that I apologise to her," She says seriously, "However I feel that I am not the only one to blame in this situation. Shirley has constantly undermined my position as the leader, and has made no effort to curb her own temper." Maddy looks at the woman in question, her eyes coolly looking into the other's. Even though she was shorter by a good head, any outsider could tell who was the one in power between the two.

Jia Hyson: 'My sister is so cool! So domineering! So suave!' 

Bebe: 'Forget Drake, your sister is both the protagonist and the male lead in one, this Bebe gives her 233 likes!' 

Jia Hyson: 'Yeah! Yeah! Who needs the male lead? Maddy is the best!'


Drake, the unwanted and unnecessary male lead: ...

George Rackford watches the whole exchange in silence, like an emperor listening to two concubines fighting in his rear court. Even though Jia Hyson and the others knew they had the moral high ground they still felt the urge to kneel and beg for forgiveness. Ah, this sort of silent domineering aura should be solely for the male lead. Male lead what are you even doing?

Drake, the incompetent male lead: ...

Finally the emperor of the kitchen makes his verdict. "It doesn't matter who's in the wrong right now, what matters is there is one hundred and eighty hungry people here waiting to see what you can do." He turns to Shirley beside him, blue eyes like ice piercing deeply into her and making her shiver, "Shirley, if you can't even handle a little hardship then you might as well have not come back at all. Maddy is the head chef and while it's fine to protest her decisions, running off and leaving the rest of the team to drown without an extra hand to help them is straight up selfish, not to mention pathetic!"

Bebe: 'I'm surprised you aren't attracted to Chef George. Damn.'

Jia Hyson: 'Are you kidding?! Those insults cut way too deep, I want to cry for pleasure not emotional trauma.'

"And Maddy?"

Maddy jumped, "Y-yes chef?"

Chef George purses his lips before visibly reigning in his temper, "You're young but you won't be forever. Get your team together and take charge."

Maddy's back was ramrod straight as she flusteredly salutes, "Y-yes chef!" She squeaks.

George snorts at the rather humorous sight before shouting that everyone had fifteen minutes till the main course service ends and thirty minutes until the dessert must be ready for service and leaving. Quickly everyone gets back into gear. Maddy, emboldened by Chef George's words, had become even more spirited.

Shirley however was disappointed at how easily her previous attempts at currying pity was destroyed. Once Chef George left, the air in the tent immediately turned cold and stagnant around her as everyone eyed Shirley with disdain. Shirley felt incredibly uncomfortable under the hostility, feeling wronged. Sure she essentially tattled to the teacher but who asked everyone to be so mean to her? Didn't Chef George already admonish her? She was so hurt she cried!

"Shirley, can you help us with the desserts?" Maddy finally says, though it felt like dirty ash in her mouth, she knew as team leader she should be the one to hand out the olive branch, "You're the only one who has the... vision to plate it."

Of course with Maddy's honest face betraying her, how could Shirley not see the reluctance and irritation in the younger girl's face. After such an emotionally stimulating day, Maddy's fake attempt to win her over finally sent the women straight to the edge. Silently Jia Hyson face palms. His sister's inability to lie was.. truly great!

Despite despairing for Maddy's future with her face full of emotions, Jia Hyson was satisfied at the result. Shirley, in a fit of vicious resentment, began to sabotage the desserts. When he saw her purposely messing up the plating and using the less appealing, even burnt cream puffs to send out, he shook his head but did nothing except light a candle for this woman's IQ. What she was doing was so short-sighted it was essentially burning the house to get rid of the rat.

As expected in the end the Blue team lost. Jia Hyson was too tired and hungry at this point to feign disbelief so he just let the exhaustion of the day show on his face. The only thing he ate was a slightly overcooked tart and a few spoonfuls of mashed potato when no one was looking. Well, the cameras probably caught it but who cares? At this point he's already been labeled as the gluttonous model so it's not like he can look even worse.

"Who was in charge of dessert?" Morgan's cold voice asks. Jia Hyson couldn't help but sneak a peek at his idol, flushing a little at how cool the older man was. Ah, he really wouldn't mind being scolded by Morgan...

Drake who was watching his boyfriend narrowed his eyes. Bebe who accidentally caught sight of that, silently snickered. It seemed it's host's wish of a peaceful night may not go as planned.

Marie-Ann steps forward then after a moment glares at Shirley who reluctantly joins her. If Shirley was the most upset at Maddy, then Marie-Ann who ended up practically single-handedly doing all the work absolutely loathed Shirley. "We were chef," Marie-Ann confesses before striking while the iron is hot, "but Shirley should be the one to blame!"

Jia Hyson tunes out the subsequent 'I didn't do it's and 'It was all her fault's that would come out once the fuse has been lit. Instead he writes a short story in his head about a magical bed filled with pillows that can make people unwilling to leave it for a lifetime. Bebe listens to the story interestedly. The one perk of having such an imaginative Host was that Bebe was never short of good stories to listen to. Even if some of them were, well, they were all high quality no matter the type of story.

Finally the whole argument had settled down and everybody was finally free to leave. Drake wasted no time in grabbing Jia Hyson and shoving him in the car with himself. Jia Hyson who hadn't been paying attention could only applaud at his man's singleminded drive to be the stickiest boyfriend ever. Deciding that such dedication might as well be rewarded, Jia Hyson decides to use Drake's lap as a pillow.

It was totally not because there were no other pillows in the car. This was a reward! A reward!

However as it turned out, it really was a reward for Drake. Jia Hyson, happy with his own cleverness, nuzzled into Drake's lap and hugged his waist. Drake who had been surprised at first, was then overjoyed and then... well, when a horny male lead was overjoyed other parts must also be very overjoyed too.

Jia Hyson frowns as something hard pokes his cheek. Sitting up, he glares at Drake, this shameless person! This man, just a bit of pressure and he's already fully aroused! How was Jia Hyson going to nap!

Drake coughs, "Shouldn't you, shouldn't you take some responsibility Adrian?"

Black lines fill Jia Hyson's face as his boyfriend looks pitifully at him, like a dog waiting for his bone. If it wasn't for the hidden cameras in the car, he would've definitely done something. However since there were cameras, Jia Hyson could only refuse.

"Scram!"

"Baby," Drake coaxes and Jia Hyson, jerks stop the endearment with surprise.

"Wha- what did you just call me?" As much as he secretly liked it, Adrian was older than Drake by a few years! Don't disrespect the seniority dammit! It's like calling Drake, daddy, it's still hot but it's definitely awkward.

Bebe: 'Disgusting.'

"Baby?" Drake watches as the pink dusting Adrian's features deepen attractively on his skin and smiles devilishly as he leans closer and breathes into his ear, "Baby- please-"

Unable to control his rising lust any longer Jia Hyson promises Bebe he won't go too far before throwing himself into Drake's arms, kissing him furiously. "All we're going to do is kiss," he sternly tells Drake, though the effect was somewhat ruined by his wet, bruised lips and his own hardening length rubbing against his lover's much larger length, "whether you can get off before the car ride back is up to you, understand?"

Drake's eyes dilated and his breathing gets even heavier as he nods frantically like a chick pecking on grain. Jia Hyson grins widely at such a cute reaction, inwardly he resolves to make sure his darling doesn't get any release during the ride back. Ah, he's so excited just imagining his man's frustration by the end of it he could probably resolve his own frustrations.

Soon the back seats of Miracle Car #3 had become the setting of a very steamy, stimulating scene filled with soft sighs and groans and the faint slippery sounds of lips against lips. Occasionally a new sound would be heard in the car, the seductive, hoarse sound of an alpha male begging for mercy while his lover breathily laughs with an undercurrent of sadistic glee before it breaks back into stifled moans of incoherent pleasure.

Bebe: Hey, hey! Driver, aren't you going to do something about this??

Driver: This driver doesn't mind.

Bebe: QAQ ...Bebe is the only pure soul in this dirty world




Despite playing around on the drive back to the Miracle House, Jia Hyson's mood became tense once he entered. Because of Shirley, the entire team was dragged down to fight for elimination tomorrow so the atmosphere in there house was of course not good. The Blue team members felt wronged and the other chefs from the other team had already figured out what happened from the previous fight and felt sympathy for the losers.

Right now Shirley was feeling immense pressure. Everyone was against her and no one wanted to defend her. Even if she passes tomorrow's elimination round, there wasn't a guarantee that people would forget their grudges which could potentially harm her in the future. Jia Hyson would feel sorry for her but.. no, he wouldn't, that was a lie.

Ignoring the faint sounds of crying in the other room, he strides straight toward the showers, leaving his sexually frustrated boyfriend awkwardly following after him.

"Baby, why don't we shower together?" Drake pleads as he presses down on his stiff shaft, ruthlessly doing his best to suppress the dark urge to jump on his lover and just papapa. "I know how much you want to wash up, but I also want to as well... So, I think we should compromise." He knows that it was probably going too far but with Adrian it was hard to know.

Who knew his cute muddle headed older lover was such a vixen? Those few hours in the car was some of the worst and best hours in his life. Adrian would tease him, grinding their bodies together, lightly biting his tongue, his lips, even the sensitive skin behind his ear was nibbled on. It was enough to make the still inexperienced Drake go mad with desire. Then before he can tip over the edge, Adrian would move back, slowing down his moments and turning his previously enthusiastic touches into something lighter. It was like trying to scratch an itch with feathers. Only once Drake's breathing slowed back down would Adrian smile toothily and resume attacking his poor young body all over again.

Bebe: 'This poor male lead. He lost his dominant aura to Chef George, his rebellious strong personality to Maddy, even his libido and shamelessness could not compare to this spicy chicken host. All he has now is his good looks and being rich.'

Jia Hyson: 'It's okay, it's better this way.'

Bebe: 'How?'

Jia Hyson: 'It'll be easier to chain him by my side untill I finally tire of him.' .

Bebe: ...Lighting a candle for this sad little male lead, it was truly bad luck he had to run into this terrible human scum and fall for him

"Baby?"

Jia Hyson turns around and drags Drake to the bathroom much to his visible delight. He was so excited the little tail between his legs was practically wagging. However he became bitterly disappointed as Adrian laughs, kissing him playfully on the mouth before gently pushing him into the bathroom... and then slamming the door between them. "If you wanted to shower so badly darling, then baby will let you go first," Jia Hyson gleefully calls out on the other side of the door. After hearing his man's despairing groan, he didn't even bother to hide his amusement, snickering as he walked back to their room.

"You really do like him."

Jia Hyson was so startled almost tripped over nothing.

"Christ, Maddy!" He curses, patting his chest nervously, "You scared me half to death, how long have you been watching?"

Maddy crosses her arms and raises an eyebrow. Jia Hyson hates that he knows she's wearing the exact same look he usually wore every time Maddy broke curfew or hung out with friends without telling him beforehand or gone over budget grocery shopping. It was the 'You're in trouble young lady' look.

As the older brother, being on the receiving end of such a look did not feel very good. In fact, it was worse then when his editors scolded him after he passed the deadlines or when he went out to go look for a lover to play with without telling them beforehand or went over budget buying all sorts of things... Eh? Why does this sound a little familiar?

Watching Adrian's face flicker through a number of emotions, Maddy decides to magnanimously let her dear brother off from suffering under her stern gaze. Adrian is such a kind brother, she knows how easily pressured he gets. She doesn't want him to feel too guilty, it wasn't like he really did anything terrible except have horrible taste in men. Damn just thinking about that vile Drake's dirty pig hands all over her pure beautiful brother simply makes her want to vomit blood!

Bebe:  It seems the sibling complex goes both ways ah.

"You know Monroe is going to go batshit when he finds out," Maddy says coolly but the fear and glee in her eyes was easy to see. While Adrian frowns in faint confusion, inwardly Maddy shakes her head and sighs at her oblivious brother. Maybe Adrian couldn't see Monroe as anything but a good boy, but Maddy had no such privileges. If it wasn't for Monroe's blatant inability to cook, Maddy was sure he would've joined the competition as well. She truly did wish, from the bottom of her heart, that something went wrong with the adoption and somehow Adrian was her real biological brother instead of that stone-faced psycho.

"Monroe? What are you talking about?" Jia Hyson questions, puzzled.

"Never mind," Maddy quickly waves off, it would do no good for anyone if she warned Adrian about Monroe, "Anyway, Drake, are you seriously serious?"

Adrian hesitates, much to Maddy's approval. She would be deeply disappointed if her brother was the sort of person who would throw away his dreams just for the sake of some hot asshole.

Jia Hyson and Bebe: ...this girl, really good at unknowingly slapping herself ah?

"I don't know what the future holds," Jia Hyson finally says, "but I know right now I really like Drake a lot."

Maddy felt a little moved at such a simple yet sincere declaration but it really was a tragedy it was wasted on somebody like Drake Lanzoni. In her heart she felt very sad for her brother. Even though he was so nice and generous and handsome and even could cook, all he seemed to attract were scum. She swore that, while she wanted to emulate Adrian's beliefs on cooking and family, she would not follow his path in love.

Maddy: 'I am still so young and pretty, clearly my best years should be wasted on me and me alone   what romance? Can you eat it?'

"Fine," Maddy says, the resolve in her own heart soothing her temper for now, "You didn't stand against me when I wanted to pursue my happiness here, and I suppose I can also do the same."

Adrian looks touched, making Maddy feel very good. Truth be told, she rather liked holding something against her perfect big brother, it made her feel very cool, like she was the big sister and he was the silly younger one.

Feeling confident under her brother's warm gaze, she strikes a pose, "Of course don't be too broken-hearted when I beat your douche boyfriend black and blue in the kitchen yeah?" She laughs.

"Oh?" A cold, deep voice speaks out, making Maddy freeze. Jia Hyson quickly hides his smile behind his hand. Ah such good timing, as expected of the protagonist.

A slightly damp Drake was currently feeling very unhappy. After rushing to finish showering (and finishing himself off in the process) he finds his baby with that woman again! Even worse, she was mocking him too! He narrows his eyes at this hateful girl. So she thinks that if she can't win Adrian over from him she can at least beat him in cooking? Dream on! "I would like to see you try."

"Ah?" Despite feeling frightened at being caught talking behind someone's back, Maddy's competitive spirit and already low opinion of Drake couldn't take the implied challenge lying down. "You want to bet?"

Drake sneers, "Another bet? I'm surprised you still have the face to bet again after the first time."

"Hehe," Maddy fakely laughs, her natural honest disposition making the laughter feel even more fake and mocking, "What? It was only one bet, don't tell me your skin is so thick you actually think one small win is enough to crown you Emperor? Ah, such a petty man, Adrian what do you see in this guy?"

Jia Hyson who was thrown into the battlefield: '..Um, can I use my right to remain silent?'

Bebe: 'No.'

Drake's face turns unslightly at Maddy's words. Honestly, that man is lucky he is so handsome because the faces he keeps making in his jealousy are not. It doesn't stop Jia Hyson from thinking its very attractive but objectively... it is really good he's handsome.

Bebe: 'Seriously, this male lead has been reduced to just his face at this point.'

Jia Hyson: 'But what a nice face it is.'


"Fine," Drake icily says before smirking with a face full of arrogance, "Let's bet then."

Maddy mirrors the expression as she stares defiantly into his eyes. There's was absolutely no sexual tension at all, just pure, unadulterated animosity. Jia Hyson could swear he could hear the sounds of lightning and animal fighting sounds in the background. "If you win I'll give you my blessings to date Adrian, but if I win..." Her pretty face smiles darkly, "I hear your family is pretty good ah? What's some financial backing for my future restaurant between in-laws?"

Jia Hyson looks expectantly at Drake. If he really couldn't even glimmer a suspicion toward Adrian and Maddy's true relationship after those words than his man was officially a moron. However all he got from Drake was a haughty expression and a raised eyebrow as he accepts Maddy's deal.

Excited and fired up, Maddy cheers like she had already won, "Aw yeah! Maddeningly Tasty here I come!" With her stakes to win greater than ever she completely forgets her dearest brother as she rushes toward the kitchens to practice for tomorrow's elimination.

Jia Hyson couldn't tell whether this girl had spunk or was just plain delusional to place such a bet when she was already in such a tremulous position in the competition. Either way, he likes her a lot more than the original story's Maddy who's gotten fucked six ways to Sunday by now already. The story has diverged for the better and it pleases him greatly. Though he does wish her dream restaurant had a better name than 'Maddeningly Tasty'. Ah, you take what you get.

"Baby?"

"Hm?" Jia Hyson hums absentmindedly.

"Why would I need her blessing to date you?" Drake questions looking vaguely confused.

Jia Hyson looks at Drake with disgust before shaking his head and walking away. This fucking idiot. It seems Maddy's increase in IQ was directly proportional to Drake's decrease in IQ. Drake doesn't even deserve to be warned beforehand at this rate, Jia Hyson will just enjoy watching him slap his own face with his past actions in the future.

"Adrian?" Drake calls out, worried at the sudden cold shoulder. Was it something he said? "Baby?! Wait for me!"

Meanwhile, a haggard, emotionally drained Shirley silently looked at herself in the mirror. She looked tired and stressed, eyes red from crying. It was a far cry from the bombastic beauty she prided herself to be. She clenches her jaw at the sight of her appearance. This was all that bitch's fault! If she hadn't pushed her into a corner during the challenge Shirley wouldn't have ended up being hated like this!

With a manic smile, Shirley grabbed her large make-up bag, sticking a hand inside she clawed her way around the items until she found what she was looking for. Pulling out a velvet pouch, she tipped the contents onto her hands. There, lay a pair of gaudy golden earrings with large pink teardrop stones hanging from them. With trembling fingers, Shirley unscrewed one of the larger stones, revealing that it was a secret tiny container. In it lay a pill.

Shirley's eyes reddened further at the sight and she smiles. After tomorrow, no one would remember all the things Shirley did this morning. It was time to show Maddy that little girls like her don't belong in the adult world without suffering a bit first.




Jia Hyson, in a rare act of self-control, did not touch even a hair of Drake's body that night, much to Drake's grievous disappointment. He was genuinely afraid that if he succumbed to his lust, not only will the sex god male lead awaken but what little of Drake's IQ would disappear in the process as well.

He sighs. There was still a few more weeks to go before he should leave the show. This was truly going to be a trail of restraint for him. After all, it was easier to go vegetarian when there wasn't any meat in the house.

Bebe: 'This goes against the rules but I can slip you a low-grade purity-enforcing pill for Host, if Host wants? Free of charge,' 

Jia Hyson: 'Haha, it's okay, the abstinence play is... not bad.' 

Bebe:  '...Fuck you.'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe, baby, I'm flattered but I have a boyfriend now,'

Bebe:  'Ahaha Host is so funny, come here, Bebe promises not to beat you too hard ah,'

The next morning, Jia Hyson wakes up a little earlier than usual, pressing a quick, affectionate kiss onto Drake's forehead before he heads to the kitchen. Generally he prefers to stay in bed a little longer and read some online novels he downloaded on his phone but this time he has a task to accomplish.

Usually before nine, few people would be out of their rooms. Daniel, and occasionally Drake, would be the only ones crazy enough to go out before dawn and... Ugh, jog outside. Like barbarians. However during times of anxiety, stress or joy, Maddy has been noted to go down to the kitchens earlier than usual to cook. After a few weeks most people have caught on to this habit of hers, and considering it was elimination day many people wouldn't be surprised to find her in the kitchens until it was time to leave.

Because of the early morning and everyone's acknowledgment that this was just how the young girl copes with stress, generally everyone leave's Maddy alone during this time. It's not like people haven't tried to accompany her, however the more she's absorbed in cooking during this period, the less aware she becomes of the world outside the kitchen. It was a habit even Jia Hyson couldn't shake out of her. You give her a cookie, she'll bite it. You pass her a spoon, she'll try taste what's on it. You pass her a cup, she will try to drink from it. Honestly, it was like Maddy was asking to go get drugged.

Which makes sense given the original story. But still. In reality it really was annoying. And a little concerning.

"Shirley," Jia Hyson greets softly as he enters the kitchen, making the woman almost drop her mug in fright. As expected, she was creeping up to Maddy, who was in the midst of a cooking frenzy, with a mug of juice. It was a little clever, after all by using a mug it would be harder to see any strange inconsistency in the beverage and the juice would minimize the taste of the drug.

Jia Hyson pauses for a second to contemplate this. Didn't Shirley seem a little too prepared? It couldn't be she had experience? The story never described how anyone got the drugs in detail but in Shirley's case, she couldn't have gotten access so quickly unless she already had them somewhere on her person.

He gives her an odd look, seeing Shirley in a whole new but equally unflattering light.

Jia Hyson: 'I hate that the only thing in this story that goes against gender norms is that it's the women who are packing the date-rape drugs instead of the men.'

Bebe: 'Hey... the men could also be hiding drugs, you don't know.'

Jia Hyson:  

Seriously, were the security checks and police clearance documents for decoration? This world is too dirty!

Bebe: 'Didn't you go to jail for drugging someone in your original world?'

Jia Hyson: 'That's different, I just used the drug he was going to use on me, that's just called karma.'

Bebe: 'They said the man accused you of throwing him in your basement, naked, aroused and covered in beetles.'

Jia Hyson: 'Yeah, and those beetles never recovered. I had to go ask for an extension at the science office and get new beetles!'

Bebe: ...Damn, his superiors were right, this Host may be one of the most capable but he is also all sorts of psycho

Bebe looks at the strings of code and data that made up Jia Hyson's criminal record. It wasn't long. Three reports of unusual assaults involving drugs in similar cases to what they had talked about just then, two acts of murder in self-defense and then five counts of public indecency for sex outdoors. However, while data alone can't tell someone everything about a person, it can certainly suggest a lot of things.

"A-Adrian?" Shirley grips the cup in her hands so tightly her fingers turned bone white. "What, what are you doing up so early?"

Jia Hyson puts on a faint smile, "It's my first elimination challenge, I was having trouble sleeping so I figured I'll just get up now."

Shirley awkwardly laughs, "Yeah, I totally understand, I'm the exact same."

Acting like he had just noticed her drink, Jia Hyson peers over at it curiously, "What is that? Apple juice?"

"Um, it's apple, beetroot and carrot, really good for you." Shirley gives him a coy self-deprecating smile. Jia Hyson silently shakes his head to himself, her acting is decent but she wasn't as good at playing innocent like the white lotus girls, "I made it for Maddy, you know, as an apology."

His smile turns gentler and warmer, like he was truly moved by Shirley's sad attempt at passing an olive branch. If you were going to make a drink as an apology clearly it should be hot chocolate or something that would feel like it took a little more effort to make. Even a martini would be better. "That's great, but it isn't good to hand Maddy things while she's in that state."

Immediately Shirley turns anxious, "But the juice won't be good if we wait too long." She explains, distressed.

"That's fine, I'll drink it then," Jia Hyson magnanimously offers. Internally he was bartering with a certain stingy system.

Jia Hyson: '400 p, can we do 400p?'

Bebe: 'Don't try and bargain with BeBay, BeBay will not budge. One mild impurity cleansing pill is 500 p.'

Jia Hyson: 'Wuwuwu but that's half my p! Bebe you bastard! You cheap, cheap bastard!'

Bebe: 'You can convert your skill points to p remember?'

Jia Hyson: 'But it only goes one-way! BeBay is too awful! Dislike!'

Bebe: 'You're awful! Your sister is awful!'

While he was coaxing an increasingly wary Shirley, Jia Hyson reluctantly bought the cleansing pill that would get rid of the aphrodisiac once he drank it. Apparently it would get rid of some other impurities in the body as well, but compared to a normal cleansing pill, it was like scraping dirt off the road with cardboard. On the positive side, the effects were quick and relatively painless in comparison.

While the exchange for the pill was finished, the exchange for the drink was less successful. The more Shirley resisted, the more serious Jia Hyson became. First he acted puzzled but soon his face turned suspicious, making Shirley even more frightened.

"Adrian please, there's really no need!"

"Shirley," Jia Hyson says coolly, "What's in the cup?"

"Nothing!" She finally snaps, "I already told you it's nothing!"

"Then you wouldn't mind if I drink it then?" He reaches out to take the cup only for Shirley to harshly pull it away, eyes bright with panic.

"No! You can't!" She shrieks.

Jia Hyson gives her a moment to catch her breath, glancing at Maddy who still hadn't noticed anything wrong as she continues kneading dough. He should really go take her to a psychologist about this. It really was truly concerning. "Okay then," He says, backing off, hands raised in surrender. "If it really means that much then I guess I'll just-"

Before he finishes his sentence he lunges toward her. Shirley who's been in more than her fair share of cat fights had already sensed something was off and kept a good grip on the drink. It was one thing to let her dispose of it herself but if Adrian gets hold of it he can ask someone to check the cup for drugs and confirm his suspicions. Soon the pair were playing tug of war for the drink, already half of the juice had sloshed out during the fight, where the liquid touched his skin Jia Hyson could feel it tingle with heat. It only made him even more determined to snatch the mug.

If he takes it and makes a fuss about what Shirley has done he can provide a precedent for stricter regulations in this godforsaken television show. It would be better if he drinks it himself, with the pill he can vomit it out and pretend to have an adverse reaction to the drug, making the crime seem much worse. Even if he drops out today, the repercussions would make it harder for anyone to drug Maddy afterwards.

But damn, this girl was strong! Was this some weird indirect way of the Author God stepping in to try inject more drama into this scene? Unless Shirley was also secretly a professional weightlifter as well as a drug peddler he really doesn't see why getting the cup was so hard. Honestly he was surprised the mug hadn't straight up broke by this point.

Deciding he might as well take advantage of this stalemate, he opened his mouth to speak, "Give me the cup," he grits out, "If you do I'm sure everyone involved will try to settle this quietly."

Shirley laughs coldly, "Fuck you, if you wanted to settle this quietly you would have let me take back the drink."

"You're right," Jia Hyson agrees just as coldly, "You tried to drug a fellow contestant, I would be insane to let you stay here." At these words he gave one final tug using a ridiculous amount of his strength, however, unexpectedly, Shirley in that moment had slackened her grip.

Surprised by this, Jia Hyson couldn't stop his momentum and the force made his fingers slip, throwing the cup behind him and making a sharp crashing sound as it hit the floor. He wasn't too concerned about the cup breaking, it could just serve as further evidence for Shirley's guilt. He looks at her and sees her face go even paler.

"Drake!"

Jia Hyson: 

Sharply turning around, he sees his man, his head dripping wet and face frowning. When Drake sees Adrian, face pink and panicked, he subconsciously licks his lips as he looks greedily up and down at his body, licking some of the drugged juice in the process. Jia Hyson wishes he could slap the stupid out of that pretty head of his, clearly all that sperm was clogging up all his higher brain functions.

Maddy, who had finally put her buns in the oven finally looked up to notice the train wreck happening in the kitchen. "Whoa, what happened here?" Jia Hyson also wants to slap the stupid out of her pretty head as well.

"Shirley tried to drug you with something," Jia Hyson quickly explains as his mind quickly turns at the sudden appearance of Drake. Picking up the larger pieces of what remains of the cup, he passes it on to Maddy. "Go get someone to look over this quickly, Drake.. swallowed some accidentally." He glowers at Drake who didn't even have the decency to look ashamed.

Actually. Drake looks a little excited.

Jia Hyson glowers at him even harder. They have an hour and a half before the elimination challenge. The show won't call it off even with the scandal, instead they'll probably exploit this into one dramatic turnaround so the loser of the challenge stays in the competition last minute as they reveal that Shirley is being kicked off. Luckily Drake wasn't participating and he only swallowed a little bit of the juice so it shouldn't be too bad, but if Jia Hyson remembers the storyline well enough the first wave of the aphrodisiac hits the hardest.

He could always hand Drake the pill he got but then he would have to answer for having such a suspicious pill in the first place.

Jia Hyson: Wuwuwu my 500p was wasted  

Does this unforeseen boon fall under the male lead halo? Because Drake is certainly getting lucky today.

Maddy also notices Drake's excitement and gives the man a disgusted look before solemnly nodding to Jia Hyson, leaving quickly to get a head start. Shirley snaps out of her daze just as Maddy runs out of the room, frantically she chases after her. Jia Hyson couldn't be bothered to follow, he has faith in Maddy's halo which seems to be stronger than ever, instead he focuses on Drake who's halo is as perverted as ever.

Drake looks on at Jia Hyson expectantly, his face slowly turning pink and his breathing subconsciously becoming heavier as the small traces of aphrodisiac kick in. However, Jia Hyson forced himself to be firm. "Wash off first, I'll meet you in our room," he says in the sternest voice he can muster. After all, Drake was still covered in juice and that is not the sort of food products Jia Hyson likes to use in the bedroom.

At the order, Drake practically flew away in his eagerness. Jia Hyson could feel the edges of his lips curl up involuntarily at the enthusiasm. Ah, he really is so cute. If he hadn't had to compete today Jia Hyson would have happily licked off the aphrodisiac on Drake's face and commenced a long day of rolling around together on the bed.

Heading into the bedroom, Jia Hyson wastes no time in kicking his fellow chefs out. He was even thoughtful enough to throw out some of their clothes so they could head straight to the showers and change.

Lex stares in disbelief as Adrian haphazardly throws the clothes he took out for today at his face after pushing him wordlessly put of the room. Daniel was no better, in fact he had still been asleep at this time.

"Sorry, there's been a situation," Jia Hyson apologizes but the eagle-eyed Lex could tell that he was not so secretly amused at this situation. "Maddy baked... something, why don't you guys go take it out of the oven before it burns?"

"You," Lex struggled to vocalize the emotions he was currently feeling right now. Usually he was very eloquent but what came out of his mouth was, "You, I.. What?"

Daniel mumbles incoherently but the indignance in his voice was plainly heard to everyone there. He really felt like the bad karma he had gotten playing around with girls beforehand had taken physical form in the shape of this damned couple. How else could he explain why he, a handsome, fairly rich and charming man like him is in this sort of terrible predicament?

Before Lex could finally formulate his words properly and Daniel could fully wake up, a freshly washed up Drake trampled over them to get into the room, slamming the door shut in front of the battered pair and locking the door without even a look back.

Daniel and Lex: ... QAQ why are we being bullied like this?

Drake gazes at Jia Hyson with affectionate and want, as he forces himself to stand still, practically vibrating in place. Jia Hyson inwardly praises his training methods but he knows the restraint his cultivated for both of them would probably be destroyed today. After all, both of them were hardly vegetarians, they'll be very unwilling to go back to their scarce diet once they've tasted steak.

With a helpless sigh, Jia Hyson opens up his arms, "Come here darling,"

Needing no further prompting, Drake embraces him, kissing Jia Hyson hungrily like a man starved for days. Jia Hyson couldn't help but gasp at the feeling of small fireworks hitting the back of his head as he was being kissed. Even though they've done this many times by now Jia Hyson still couldn't get fully used to such a fantastical feeling. Absentmindedly he truly despaired, this body is now used to the abnormal pleasure only Drake's body could provide and was probably forever ruined for other men and women now. It really was a waste for humanity.

Bebe: 'You're a waste! Your sister's a waste!'

Ignoring his system, Jia Hyson focuses on giving as much as he was taking with Drake. The pair molded together perfectly as they wrapped around each other, Drake's large hands were brushing down his waist before cupping his ass, meanwhile Jia Hyson was also busy admiring his man's musculature with his own hands. He couldn't help but drool a little, in his original world, top quality goods like this was truly a rare find. Even with his influence, looks and charm, Jia Hyson had only sampled three other people of similar heaven-defying physiques and only one of them was any good in the bed.

Feeing quite excited, he pushes Drake to sit on the bed. Sliding downwards, Jia Hyson kneels on the floor, between the man's legs and unzips his pants, impatient to fish out his prize. Drake of course wouldn't dream of stopping him, watching breathlessly with dark eyes. Jia Hyson had always teased him, at the most he had stroked him through his clothing, this was going to be the first time his erection would be directly touched. He groans deeply as cool, long fingers curl around his heated length, pulling it out of his pants.

Jia Hyson was absolutely fascinated by Drake's manhood. He had already determined that certain points of the original story were maintained when turned into reality like having 'kisses so fiery that they invoked fireworks ' or 'Maddy cooks in a daze, at this point not even the sky falling down could snap her out of making scones at this time', and generally these points were related to the character themselves. However, it was still mystifying to see such a aesthetically pleasing... Look, it's not like genitals are usually ugly per say, but, when written in certain books their appearances can be exaggerated to be more appealing to the readers.

However seeing it in person felt a little baffling. It was like there was a Instagram filter permanently stuck down there. Even his hand, which has always been beautiful let's be honest here, somehow looked even better wrapped around Drake's hard shaft. Was it the largeness that made his own hand seem so slim and arousingly delicate? The contrasting skin tone that made his milky skin look even softer? It was the strangest sexual illusion Jia Hyson had ever seen, and he had dated a magician before.

He had almost forgotten about his lover who was panting and writhing under his ministrations, too engrossed in ceaselessly stroking and twisting and even lightly scratching the steadily leaking shaft attached to said man. Of course with the package being as pretty as the bow, how could his attention not drift upwards to watch Drake's face twist in frustration and ecstasy, his skin pinking gorgeously in exertion. "Ah, Adrian," Drake's voice was hoarse and wrecked. He was already in a state of constant sexual frustration, and the aphrodisiac had done nothing to curb his own restlessness.

With a smile, Jia Hyson waits until Drake catches his eyes before dropping his head down to gentle press his lips onto the head, softly kissing the leaking tip. Incited by Drake's expression at the act, Jia Hyson could feel his own arousal throbbing with need as well, however he'd always been a strong advocate of foreplay and manfully ignored his own needs to continue indulging his lover's. He goes even further, pushing the head of Drake's arousal past his lips to suck lightly on it.

Jia Hyson: _!?!

"Adrian?" Drake, after throwing his head back and immediately ejaculating at the sensation of Adrian pleasuring him with his mouth, quickly noticed that Adrian seemed to freeze. "Adrian, are you, hah, you alright baby?" He felt both embarrassed for finishing so soon and guilty for not warning him.

Jia Hyson pulls away, swallowing the milky liquid down before staring at Drake with a strange look in his eyes. It wasn't because Drake finished so fast, honestly Jia Hyson was impressed he lasted this long considering everything, but it was because, because,

Because he tasted too sweet!

Jia Hyson was shocked! He doesn't like to read the sex scenes in the original story because Maddy started in them which was beyond not cool so he'd never gotten a proper understanding to the style of erotica written. However, he knew that there were going to be some unrealistic aspects written since they reflected in reality via Drake's sexual prowess and the fact that the author was probably a young girl who hadn't actually had any sexual experience before, but it's suddenly occurred to Jia Hyson that there was probably a lot of food metaphors going on in there.

Licking his lips, Jia Hyson can once again taste the strange but undeniable flavors of white chocolate and something like slightly burnt salted caramel instead of the usual salty bitterness that he had expected. Well, Jia Hyson is going to be developing some deeply, deeply unrealistic expectations for the future worlds now. He felt a little torn, on one hand, he could really get used to this, on the other, it had taken him a long time to get used to the usual unsavory taste, he really didn't want to have to lose that resistance he built up.

Absentmindedly, he wipes some of the thick white substance from the edges of his mouth, sucking it off his fingers again. It really does taste pretty good, but it was a little too sweet.

Only when he notices a certain deflated part rise up again in front of his face does Adrian snap back into reality again. Damn, already? This beast has no refractory period!

"Baby, come up here," Drake coaxes earnestly, pupils blown wide in his lust, "It's my turn to make you feel good now okay?"

And how could Jia Hyson say no to that?




Jia Hyson overestimated himself.

Like, really overestimated himself.

To be fair. He had forgotten Adrian is a virgin.

Well, was a virgin.

"Fuck," he curses as he drags himself out of bed. He hates that Drake's stupid sex halo didn't extend to a magical healing penis. Not only was his ass and lower back sore and aching, his shoulders sting from being bitten too many times and his lips had been kissed so much they felt bruised and numb. "Drake, we have to go, I can't afford to be late."

"Baby," Drake mumbles, satiated and drowsy, "if I tell them to move filming back by a day they'll do it, don't worry. Just come back to bed."

Jia Hyson:   '...This local tyrant'

Bebe: 'Bebe almost forgot Drake's family owns the company running this show.'

While for a moment Jia Hyson seriously considered the offer, in the end, much to Drake's disgruntlement, he rejected it. He wasn't so thick skinned as to disrupt the schedule of over half a season's worth of episodes because he was too busy recovering from losing his maidenhood. Luckily his physical health was fairly good so even though all he wanted to do was go to bed, his body was still energetic enough to crawl toward the showers, change and get into the last car to the competition area.

Drake, who was glowing with the smug pride of a man who finally got laid, slid into the car seat next to him. Jia Hyson rolls his eyes but allows the man to hold his hand with a warm heart. Only once he is about to leave the car does he casually informs his lover, "Next time, it will be my turn on top."

He doesn't turn back to see Drake's expression, just hurries into the building, concerned about being late.

Bebe: 'Woah, aren't you a shou?'

Jia Hyson: 'This Laozi can be whatever you want, shou, gong, straight, bent. I'm very talented.' 

Bebe: _ Do you really need to sound so shameless about this?

There were three rounds- An ingredient identifying challenge, where the first five people who make a mistake has to move to the next challenge, which was to cook with the ingredient they failed the first challenge in. Finally the bottom two chefs would have to cook again, but with each other's main ingredient from the second round. Jia Hyson managed to free himself in the first round by showing off his knowledge on exotic ingredients, allowing him to go upstairs and take a nice nap in the corner. Maddy mixed up on sesame seeds and chia seeds so she had to proceed to the next round.

As exciting as it might be for other people, Jia Hyson hardly cared as the elimination challenge ended just as expected. In a sudden last minute 'twist', Shirley was kicked off the show. Honestly, if the one that she accidentally drugged wasn't Drake she could've probably gotten away from this whole situation with some face intact but because it was Drake, the producers who caught wind of the situation were understandably furious with her and so they didn't hesitate to fully explain the reason behind her leaving.

After this, Jia Hyson no longer paid much attention to the drama in the Miracle House. Watching Shirley be made an example of, made no one dare to use the same underhanded tricks, vigilance between contestants and the staff was also heightened at the same time. Maddy may have gone through trials and tribulations during the competition, but none of it involved any sexual connotations anymore save for some crude harassment and gossip spread by cannonfodder occasionally. Through this, Maddy matured both in her culinary skills but her mental fortitude, earning many comrades and admirers in the competition.

The only one who could eventually fight this scrappy underdog was the strongest contender to win, Drake Lanzoni.

It was all very competitive and awe-inspiring and motivating, however once Jia Hyson sensed the story was running the course he had planned for it and there was no longer any need to manipulate and prod it along, he quickly lost interest. All he wanted to do was go back to a lazier life as a model that occasionally posts stories when he could be bothered. Competing in Home-cooked Miracle was fun for a while but once Jia Hyson got used to it he found it quite boring and stressful, after all he didn't like long-term high pressure activities and he wasn't actually that passionate in cooking.

Around five weeks after Shirley left, Jia Hyson also followed suite. He only stuck around long enough to make top fifteen and accompany both his sister and lover for as long as he could possibly bear. And his body could possibly bear- no thanks to Drake trying to toss him about every time he lowers his guard. Though since their first night, they've never gone all the way again for (Jia Hyson's) fear of getting caught. Also, it had been dessert week and with his memory, not even Bebe could've helped him come out of those challenges unscathed.

A three foot croquembouche tower containing a hundred profiteroles, coated with toffee and filled with two different fillings in eighty minutes? Yeah, Jia Hyson knew this was as good a time as any to drop out.

Maddy was sad to see him go but it was nothing compared to Drake's devastated reaction. "Honestly darling," Jia Hyson helplessly says as he is nearly crushed to death by his overbearing younger lover's hug, "you're making it seem like we're never going to see each other again,"

"One day without you by my side feels like a hundred days," Drake petulantly says, "by the time you come back to visit me in the finals I would be old and wrinkled."

Jia Hyson was a little speechless at the shamelessness of his man. It was already embarrassing enough to be hugged so tightly in front of everyone in the kitchen and now you still have enough skin to spout this bullshit on camera? Drake your image is forever ruined! Ruined!

"Well.. absence makes the heart grow fonder?" He finally says only for Drake to immediately rebut.

"But I'm already so fond of you baby, if I feel anymore fond I fear I may burst from loving you too much." He says with a pitiful look that no one but Adrian could induce from him.

It was really just too much, Jia Hyson was the type that can be confident and shameless, but only in private or with people he was close with. In front of a crowd of relative strangers there was a limit. His nature is originally quite introverted, however as a life skill he grew to learn how to play the extrovert and socialize well with people. However even though Jia Hyson had acted very lively and playful he was actually quite thin-skinned, liking to keep a good reputation if he could help it. Turning red from embarrassment, he smacks his lover upside the head, "Idiot!" He scolds, "People are watching us! You, you, you- get off me!"

The Miracle contestants and judges: Eh? Isn't this supposed to be a touching farewell scene? Why are we being forced fed dog food?

Maddy: Hehe, I'm going to beat this brotherfucker blind just wait and see  

By the time Jia Hyson returned back home, the second week of Home-cooked Miracle had finished being broadcasted and it had already became an even bigger hit than the last two seasons. Jia Hyson, being somewhat famous already as well as being one of the more handsome men present, had gained a massive surge of popularity that he hadn't truly prepared himself for. When he arrived at the airport he texted his agent and by the time the plane touched down his phone had blown up with job offers.

Monroe was waiting for him by the doorway as he arrived, his usual stoic and cold expression softened with the warm look in his eyes and the faint smile on his handsome features. "Adrian, you're back,"

Jia Hyson smiles wildly, his heart melting at such a heartwarming sight. Secretly he couldn't help but admit that while he didn't dote in Monroe as much as he did Maddy, Monroe was his favorite, the very definition of a model child.

Emphasis on model, Jia Hyson couldn't help but give the younger man a once over. Damn, he'd almost forgotten how attractive Monroe grew up to be. Despite not being a protagonist, a male lead or even a cannonfodder love interest, Monroe's attractiveness was equal to Drake's, maybe even more so depending on one's tastes. While not rich, his temperament was good, he was intelligent and had a strong, domineering air. If Jia Hyson was not filled with brotherly love, he was genuinely afraid of eating him up.

Ah, to be honest, he was still afraid of eating him up. 

Bebe: Disgusting  

"I'm back," Jia Hyson confirms with a pleased smile, like he hadn't been checking Monroe out, "Come, help me unpack, I'll make you, your favorites tonight."

Monroe's grey eyes lit up, even though he couldn't cook, growing up with Maddy and Adrian had made him a glutton and a picky eater. The days without either of them had not only made the house feel empty but his stomach as well.

Jia Hyson laughs lightly, used to Monroe's micro expressions. Kissing him playfully on the cheek he passes him by to head to his room with his luggage, missing the way Monroe lightly touches the spot Jia Hyson had pressed his lips against with a distinctly un-platonic expression of want. Grey eyes darkening with desire as he watches his beautiful older brother finally come back home.

Monroe's heart finally settled down a little at the thought. Before it had been discomforting without Adrian around, the warmth of the house sucked away without his presence. When he watched some other man pursue Adrian on the show, the pain in his chest became nearly unbearable. However, now that Adrian was back it almost felt like a bad dream.

Maddy: ...this spicy chicken, are you really my brother?  

Jia Hyson was also happy to reconnect with his brother. They were both quiet people and Monroe understood Jia Hyson's need to wind down after a long day of socializing and work which made him feel a strong sense of security and comfort from Monroe. Catching up with what's been happening while unpacking was enjoyable.

Monroe, to Jia Hyson's delight, had gotten top scores so far during his time in university. His professors liked him so much he was already being recommended jobs and was pretty much set for life.

"Good!" Jia Hyson praises excitedly, "Very good! Monroe when you become rich and successful don't forgot to take care of your good brother okay?"

Bebe: 'You already have Drake and you still want to grab onto another golden thigh? How greedy-'

Jia Hyson: 'A man needs two thighs to walk, so wouldn't it make sense to have two golden thighs as well?'   'Besides, he's my cute brother. I ate trash to save enough money for his school trip. If he doesn't treat me well then who's the real trash here?'

Bebe couldn't argue with that. Or rather, it refused to. It feared that, even though it was made with super advanced technology, it's IQ would drop if it conversed any further with his host.

Jia Hyson in turn, showed off the skills he had learnt during the competition- which wasn't that much considering he was making pasta. Pasta, any sort really, was Monroe's favourite food. Drake also had a strong penchant for good pasta as well, Jia Hyson felt heartened by this, believing they would probably get along quite well.

Still, he was determined to show off a bit and with the ingredients at hand, made something a little fancier than what he would have usually made beforehand, "Chicken pasta with pea pesto and crispy chorizo." He declares smugly.

Monroe nods, acknowledging his words. Jia Hyson wasn't offended by the lack of verbal response, he was already deeply gratified by the way Monroe was hungrily staring at the large bowl of pasta. Ever since he had brought it into the room, those grey eyes hadn't strayed from the dish.

They ate in comfortable silence, only the sounds of chewing and the clinking of cutlery on plates filled the room. Only when they were done did the silence break with Monroe offering to wash the dishes. Jia Hyson immediately agrees with a cheeky smile making the other man smile dotingly. After all, how could he not know by now that, despite Adrian's hardworking nature, he greatly disliked doing basic household chores like ironing or toilet scrubbing, preferring to use his older brother authority to push the jobs onto him and Maddy.

Once the pair had cleaned up and washed up, they both agreed to watch the newest episode of Home-Cooked Miracle. Well, it was more Monroe insisting with a teasing smirk and Jia Hyson reluctantly agreeing. He may be a bit of a narcissist who enjoyed secretly staring at his modeling photos from time to time but watching himself on television was really not his cup of tea. Especially listening to a recording of himself talk, it always gives him the feeling of wanting to dig a hole and burying himself there.

Bebe: 'Funny, that's exactly how I feel listening to you too.'  

Jia Hyson:  '..Scram!'

However once the show started, Monroe was no longer smiling.

Why? Well the third week had been the week where Adrian and Drake got together!

During the second week he had watched Drake pursue his brother, and as infuriating as it was, it was also rather heartening to see that man get continually rejected. How could he have known that pattern would have ended so quickly? And so easily too! It made Monroe's slow, patient waiting seem like a huge joke in comparison.

However the bitter pain of watching this was almost nothing compared to his beloved older brother's commentary.

"Ah, isn't Drake so cute? You know, he still doesn't know me and Maddy are brother and sister? Hah, he's really such an idiot," Jia Hyson chuckles with flushed cheeks, ignoring his initial shyness at watching himself flail in the kitchen, he was enjoying himself. The filming and editing crews really did a great job, ramping up tensions and drama that even made Jia Hyson be sucked in despite knows more or less how things turned out.

Excitedly, he clings to Monroe's arm, hugging it tightly as he watches Lex over whip his cream. Because he was cooking as well, obviously he didn't get to see other people struggle, ah, he felt a little refreshed watching this. So focused on the show Jia Hyson failed to notice how tense Monroe was, nor did he sense the man's increasingly dark mood.

Bebe, who noticed both these things: ...QAQ 'H-hey, Host, your bro is making a real scary expression! Host!'

"Hm?" Prodded by his system, Jia Hyson looks up to see Monroe looking at him with eyes filled with indecipherable emotions. "Monroe? What's wrong?"

"You're really dating that man?" He asks quietly, but the low thrum of anger and something even darker was present in his voice that made Jia Hyson instantly wary.

"Monroe?"

Suddenly hot lips pressed harshly against his own, kissing him with a ferocity and desperation that made Jia Hyson feel like he was being consumed by a raging fire and struck by lightening at the same time. For a moment, he couldn't stop himself from melting into the fiercely passionate kiss, moaning softly as he leans into him. However his moral integrity final kicks in and using all his strength, Jia Hyson pushes Monroe back...

And punches him. Hard.

"You-!" Jia Hyson gasps for breath, his mind slow and foggy from the kiss. Silently he panics. Wasn't the inconceivably impossible pleasure he got from Monroe's touch almost the same as Drake's?! Could it be he was wrong about Drake's male lead halo and everybody has this level of natural sexual talent? How fucking unfair is that?! No, no, wait, he's kissed a few guys and girls beforehand for work purposes and he barely felt a spark much less the wildfire he had just experienced.

Even now his breathing hadn't abated and his body yearned for more.

Determinedly he slaps himself, a sharp sound echoing the already silent room shocking Monroe who had been about to speak. Jia Hyson didn't care how stupid he looked, purely relieved that the lust in his body had subsided.

Bebe: 'Wow, given all that talk about green hats and watching your lover cry, Bebe didn't think you had such upstanding moral fortitude in these sort of matters.'

Jia Hyson: 'Shut up! I'm kinky but I'm not a white-eyed wolf! I never cheat on my lovers. Even if I date multiple people at the same time, everyone is fully aware and consenting. It's like my one good trait in a relationship dammit!'  

Bebe: ...do you expect Bebe to applaud for you?  

"Adrian, I-"

Jia Hyson couldn't even look at Monroe. Partly out of genuine anger that Monroe had sprung a messy pseudo-incest brotherly love flag out of nowhere and partly for fear his body's desires would betray him. There was a faint feeling of betrayal at having someone he viewed as a brother thinking that way about him but it was practically nonexistent. After all, Jia Hyson was very clear in his heart that Monroe was not his brother, both in and out of the story. Also, it helped a lot that Monroe was blindingly handsome.

Standing up, he opens his mouth to say something but finds himself a bit of a loss at where to even begin. Finally he just awkwardly left the room, locked the door to his bedroom and screamed into his pillows.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe! Author god didn't see that right?! Author god would only care about Maddy's progress right? She's not going to suddenly write a love triangle in the middle of the story right? That would sideline the main character's journey!'

Bebe: '...How would this cute Bebe know what gets put into the new story and what doesn't?'  

Jia Hyson: 'Wuwuwu..   that damn white-eyed Wolf! How dare he ruin my hard work with his inappropriate intentions and smoldering sexuality!'

Bebe:   '... What was that last part?'

Jia Hyson: '...Nothing.'  

Bebe:  

Still, Jia Hyson felt genuinely awkward about this. He was dating Drake, and unless Drake was into cuckolding, he wouldn't actually cheat on the man. Even if Jia Hyson was inclined to, it wouldn't be someone that would completely ruin his goals like Monroe. However, Jia Hyson also has never been in a situation where he has to reject a family member before, and such a close one too.

They say you shouldn't date the people you work with. This. This is really just a more extreme version of that.

He sighs tiredly. Jia Hyson was quite anxious thinking about it, after all he was deeply fond of Monroe and was selfish enough to admit that he didn't want to choose between him and Drake. Though if Monroe insists... there really wasn't a choice to make.

However as the older brother he has to be strong and prevent that! Even though they couldn't cross the taboo line they can still be friends, nay, they can still be family! Fueled with motivation, Jia Hyson bursts out of the door into the kitchen, determined to keep his plot intact and his beautiful brotherly relationship. However what awaited him on the dining table was a note.

Picking it up, Bebe, who has no boundaries, begins to read.

Bebe: 'Adrian, I am sorry for my inexcusable behavior. After reflecting on it, I realized it's best if we maintain our relationship as brothers. I'll be gone for a week but when I come back I assure you things will go back to the way they are.'

Jia Hyson felt something akin to guilt stir in his chest despite knowing that for once he really hadn't done anything wrong.

Bebe: 'I love you and as long as your happy, I'll be just as happy by your side-Uwuwuwu, Host! Bebe didn't know your bro was so romantic! Ditch that loser male lead! Bebe won't blame you!'  

Jia Hyson:   Bebe, my system, why are you cheering for the pseudo-incest trope? Could it be you were paired with me because you're also a pervert?

Still, Jia Hyson felt a little moved by Monroe, his chest fluttering at the simple but sincere words that really did embody Monroe's personality and feelings. With a sigh, he ruthlessly forces himself to squash such troublesome emotions before they even budded.

If he knew before meeting Drake, or even before the competition, he would've let his interest in Monroe take its course and tweak the storyline to make the relationship more palatable. Cultivating long term feelings was hard for Jia Hyson, maintaining them was harder, however for Drake it didn't feel so difficult and he senses the potential relationship with Monroe might have been just as easy. Jia Hyson sighs a regretfully again, rubbing his chest absentmindedly before going to cook himself some breakfast. Monroe did him a favor for stepping out by himself, he truly appreciates it. Ah, he really is a good kid.




After that, as promised, barely anything changed in their relationship. Jia Hyson had been wary at first, after all he has had more than his fair of rejected admirers turn into stalkers before. However vigilance was very stressful and energy consuming, not to mention he's always been naturally at ease around Monroe so he shoved his wariness to the back of his mind and slowly relax. If there was anything that Jia Hyson would say has changed, it was that Monroe had become incredibly distant interspersed randomly with short periods of time where he became incredibly clingy.

Jia Hyson would be a liar if he didn't say he enjoyed those small moments filled with vulnerability and desperate affection. Then again, he is a liar, so he won't say it.  

The strange new status quo between them settled surprisingly well. Both were busy people after all. Monroe had been accepted to intern at a large technology company and Adrian has been flooded with friends, coworkers and jobs now that his phone is back online. Uncle Christopher and Jenna were especially interesting to catch up with.

During the episode where Jia Hyson reveals to Maddy that Drake had been pretending to be Jacob all this time, obviously Christopher and Jenna had questions. Poor Jacob was blindsided by this, it turns out he got paid a huge amount of hush money to go out of the country and play around. The only saving grace he had, that prevented his dad from beating him half to death for this conspiracy, was that he actually got a job as an aquarist- essentially an aquarium architect. During this time Jia Hyson finally got to meet the elusive Jacob. He was definitely handsome, and about two to three points similar to Drake but truly he couldn't compare. Still, given his recent overseas traveling, Jacob was fairly fun to talk to so they exchanged numbers.

However no matter how packed their schedules were, Jia Hyson insisted on having family dinners again at least thrice a week if they could help it. It was practically habit at this point, and he had to admit that now that he's gotten used to it, eating alone was a little harder to bear than in his original life.

Eventually time passes and an email inviting them to come to Home-cooked Miracle to watch their loved one participate in the semi-finales and, or, the finale depending if they pass. Jia Hyson's mouth twitched. So if the contestant doesn't pass the family has to immediately leave after only a day? He couldn't tell if the show was being stingy or extravagant with their budget here.

Of course he and Monroe accepts. This time Jia Hyson is more prepared for the ride back to the Miracle Kitchen and brings some over the counter anti-nausea pills. Of course, they don't work.

"Mphlerbleh," Jia Hyson presses his face onto the car window, wishing for death. Monroe considerately massages his stiff neck with a large hand while the other is busy typing into his phone. Jia Hyson feels resentful to everyone who can actually read while in a car without feeling ill. Such powers are beyond his comprehension, clearly it is a sign of witchcraft.

Bebe: 'Bebe thinks your inability to deal with a car ride longer than twenty minutes is beyond anyone's comprehension than anything else.'

Jia Hyson slowly sips some cool water offered by Monroe while giving his system the middle finger in his mind. Dammit, aren't systems meant to be cool and emotionless or cute and silly? Why did he get this irritating dumbass that doesn't even have facial recognition? His phone has facial recognition! His fucking dog has facial recognition!

"Adrian, you okay?" Monroe murmurs as he rubs soothing circles to his back. It didn't help but the thought was nice. Jia Hyson takes a deep breath and smiles weakly.

Once they finally arrive Jia Hyson couldn't help but silently weep. How come it felt even longer than last time?

They're the second to arrive, a fairly sizeable group of elites had already gathered in front of the door. As Jia Hyson ungracefully stumbles out, he could already sense these people were richer than god. As someone who had been once similarly successful in life and had also been poorer than dirt, he has a good sense for these things. Better than his gaydar anyway. Fucking useless thing couldn't figure his brother and his close friend were in love with him. It was almost as bad as Bebe.

Bebe: QAQ

Anyway, they must be Drake's family. Jia Hyson felt a little nervous. He's never done the met the parents thing before.

Bebe: 'What, never?'

Jia Hyson: 'Does being paid to be their pretend boyfriend count?'

Bebe: 'No.'

Jia Hyson: 'Then no. I did once dump a person when they brought it up though.'

Bebe: 'You are such scum. Bebe is disgusted.'

Jia Hyson: 'Aiyah, I'm so hurt. This scum can never love again. Wuwuwu.'

"Hello, my name is Adrian Marshall, this is my brother, Monroe," Jia Hyson softly greets as he moves toward them, still feeling a little woozy. His skin was even paler than usual with a faint blush dusting his cheeks, making him look young and delicate. By his side, Monroe hovers nearby like he was expecting Jia Hyson to fall any time now and was ready to catch him. He also quietly greets the group before going back to focus intently on his brother, only showing a flicker of interest toward the group.

Of course, how could the Lanzoni family not recognise Adrian? Forget seeing him online and on screen in advertisements and minor acting roles. They had seen his posters and photos so many times that they could recite the pages Adrian had modelled in if you just gave them a magazine brand and an issue number. Drake had two brothers and a sister. All of them had seen his special Adrian-dedicated shrine that took up a whole apartment floor and felt both scared and oddly comforted since clearly no one was going to pick this crazy person as heir to the family now, no matter how talented he is.

It was a little funny. In the original story, Drake's family were severely against his relationship with Maddy. His parents mainly disapproved of her background and his siblings felt threatened for... reasons, resulting in a lot of cliche threats and buying off the relationship and bring in ex-girlfriend dramas etc. However now, Drake's parents had been beaten down mentally for years and had long accepted Adrian into their hearts, while his siblings had rejoiced. So instead of sneering down at Adrian like Jia Hyson had assumed, they instead went up to him to...

"Mr Marshall! I've been a huge fan of your work!"

"Mr Marshall, you look even better than in your photos! I didn't think it was possible!"

"Mr Marshall, my son may be a bit unruly at times, if he does anything bad you can call this daddy for help!"

"Mr Marshall, please, call me mother, after all, you're practically family already."

...curry favour.

If the original Maddy saw this she would cough up all the blood from her body and drown in it. Where was the dog blood? The disapproval? Why is the gap so big?

The third family that arrived last looked very out of place as they awkwardly stood to the side and watched a group of elites flock around a pretty boy like seagulls after the last chip. Even the cameramen and crew couldn't bear to watch after a while, much less film this for too long. Lanzoni family, your image! This is national television! Your image!

...

"And now lets bring in your surprises! Come in guys!" Olivia Rivers hollers from inside the building. On cue, the interns in front of the doors open them, silently gesturing for everyone to enter. Excited, Jia Hyson grabs Monroe's hand, squeezing it tightly. Monroe glances at him indulgently before returning the squeeze as they walk in.

There were only three contestants left, Maddy, Drake and the white lotus Charlotte. Jia Hyson was a little surprised since originally Lex was the one who managed to win a place in the final three. Since broadcasting is roughly four weeks behind there was a lot that Jia Hyson wasn't aware of it seems. However the changes weren't bad. The end of the competition originally was very lackluster since Lex was the 'nice guy' character and Maddy and Drake were fully immersed in their love fest there was virtually no climax to the arc. Though if Charlotte's true conniving personality was revealed and coupled with her apparent burst of talent, she could ramp up readers interest by turning into the surprise final antagonist for Maddy.

Silently he gives Charlotte his thanks for nobly sacrificing herself for his cause.

Drake's parents and siblings enter first, mostly because they were rich, famous and essentially has the ability to control the economic fate's of everyone present. Therefore some gesture of reverence must be shown. Adrian and Monroe came last, not because their family standing was the worst, but because the plot twist from their appearance was the best.

As they strode in, many people gasped and gaped. All the previous contestants that could make it to the finale were watching upstairs looked like stunned statues as Adrian smiles and waves to them. Lex and Daniel, being the closest to him beside Maddy and Drake, were also blindsided. Why was Adrian coming in as Maddy's family? They didn't look anything alike!

If they were shocked, Drake looked like he had been struck down from the heavens. Jia Hyson didn't know whether to laugh or cry looking at his dumbstruck expression. Maddy had no such indecision and promptly decided to do both, doubling over and laughing to the point of tears. People didn't know who to be more embarrassed of to be honest.

"Maddy," Jia Hyson's lips quirk up, "isn't it time for you to introduce us?"

Maddy sucks in a huge breath to calm herself, "Right! Right!" Barging into the middle of the pair, she grabs both their hands and drags them to the front where the judges and other two contestants were with their family. "Everyone, these are my brothers, Monroe and Adrian,"

Even the judges were also astonished by this turn of events. "Oh my god!" Olivia, the main spokesperson of the three gasps, "You really fooled us all! This old woman is shocked!"

The other two judges: ...If you're old than what are we? Ashes?

"You didn't tell us you two were siblings!" Someone yells from the balcony, from the laughter in their voice Jia Hyson assumes it's the jokester character Eric.

"You didn't ask!" Adrian retorts back with a bright smile full of mirth.

"It's good to see you again Adrian," Chef George bemusedly smiles, even Morgan's mouth was curving up. Ah, his idol's smile was truly too powerful, Jia Hyson has to sigh and hope that in the next world he'll have the opportunity to toss around such a man.

Bebe: '...Is eating up guys all you can think about?'

Jia Hyson: 'No, I also occasionally consider eating up females too-'

Bebe:  

"Adrian... Maddy is your... sister?"

Jia Hyson looks at a dumbfounded Drake. His handsomeness ruined by his own silly expression. Ah, how he itches to pinch the man's cheeks and kisses him till he cries.

Well, to be honest, it's more like Jia Hyson is the one who cries in the end. Either way, he's fairly satisfied with either result.

Bebe: ... so as long as someone cries it's fine? Is it really fine?

Bebe felt it's perception of relationships have warped after being around this pervert for so long. It truly misses its innocence from when it was just a normal Supporting Lead System. Ah, even if his previous hosts were annoyingly whiny and ungrateful people, at least they weren't so depraved as this one is.

Feigning surprise Jia Hyson raises an eyebrow at his boyfriend, "You didn't know? Didn't you say you knew I had siblings? Didn't I show you a photo? Eh, could it be... you lied about paying attention to me?"

Waiting to see his lover stammer embarrassedly, Jia Hyson felt stunned as Drake ran up to him, grabbing his hands within his own larger ones, he looks up at Jia Hyson with a placating look. "Of course not baby," he says reassuringly, "Obviously I pay attention to everything you do, however," Drake gives him an aggrieved expression like he was the one in the wrong, "it is your fault for being so blindingly beautiful. With you in that photo how could I possibly remember the other people beside you? After all, they aren't even half as stunning as you..."

The half as stunning Maddy and Monroe: ...

Jia Hyson was laughing hysterically in his head. This man... good! Very good! It seems your shamelessness has evolved since I last saw you. Even outwardly his mouth couldn't stop twitching uncontrollably.

The Lanzoni family were all looking downwards at their shoes like they were the solution to world hunger. To be honest, they probably were, Jia Hyson swore he saw one pair of shoes embedded with pure diamonds. Silently they cursed Drake. Was this really that short-tempered, fiery and arrogantly domineering beast they all knew? The same obsessive lunatic that they all walked eggshells around? The power of love was really too terrifying!

However, as embarrassed as they all were at Drake's actions, they all patted their backs for making the correct decision to suck up to Adrian.

Even their fellow contestants didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Some of them had grown used to this couples displays of affection but after a few weeks of separation of course their resistance for these two had dropped and now suddenly they were slapped in the face with dog food once more. Damn, it hadn't even been five minutes since Adrian entered the building and their mouths were stuffed with their dog food. Wasn't this a very serious competition for the semi-finales and the finales? Why were they watching the two best looking men in the competition flirt with each other once again?

"Ah, you two are really so-" Maddy shook her head, also torn between laughter and crying. "Damn Drake! What do you mean half as stunning!?" She finally retorts with feigned anger. After spending more time with the guy without the source of his obsession, she found that while their relationship was still abrasive, it wasn't too bad. They could now be considered frenemies at the very least, "We're siblings! Can't you see the resemblance?"

"...We were adopted." Monroe opens his mouth for the first time, and it was to betray his biological sister. Maddy felt like the world was against her.

"Wuwuwuw, everyone is so mean!" She pretends to cry, "Bro, help me!" As she slings a friendly arm over Adrian's shoulder, she suddenly felt an inexplicable coldness running down her back. Twisting her neck she sees Drake staring at her jealously.

Maddy: ...You know we're siblings and yet your still eating my vinegar?

Maddy felt like this rival of hers truly had the biggest brain hole she's ever seen. If he hadn't proven his culinary skills she would've really felt ashamed to call him her rival. However when she glances at her own brother, she notes Monroe was staring blankly at Drake like he was looking at a dead man walking. Then his eyes flickered gloomily at Maddy, his eyes just as blank, making her immediately feel like she had submerged in ice.

Maddy: ...What happened to the basic trust between people? The basic trust between siblings? QAQ

Maddy suddenly felt like she was surrounding by terrible people and she was the only normal one here. Even Adrian was excluded. She loved her brother dearly but his ability to attract abnormal perverts was really endangering her life right now.

After talking for a bit longer and being asked a few basic questions like how they felt knowing their loved ones have made it so far and so on, the family members were directed to join the other previous contestants up on the balcony to cheer everyone on. Jia Hyson, being a past contender himself, took it upon himself to introduce Monroe and the Lanzoni family to some of his closer friends present. Charlotte's family awkwardly tagged along, not showing much presence in comparison.

The semi-finale challenge was, of course, dedicated to their family and loved ones. Jia Hyson was almost moved to tears by Maddy's three course meal which was dedicated to her family's tastes. For Monroe she created a handmade ravioli appetiser, filling it up with chicken, pumpkin and feta while complimenting it with a rustic yet refined chorizo, spinach and beetroot sauce. For Adrian, she made deconstructed burgers for the main that melted in their mouths using surprisingly complex techniques learnt over the competition. Then for herself, she baked white chocolate and matcha-flavored melting moments- to represent the first time Adrian had given her that cookie all those years ago and ignited her passion for food.

Ah, fuck it, okay, he had actually been moved to tears, so what? All these years of hard work truly felt worth it as he bit into those melting moments, the sweetness of the white chocolate and the bitterness of the green tea mixing delightfully in his mouth. There was even a thin layer of dark chocolate underneath the green tea, giving the simple flavour combination more depth. Even if he himself hadn't given her those cookies, it was still filled with the gratitude of all the work he has done for her, how could he not be moved? He may be a little bit whacked in the head but he wasn't made from stone dammit!

Drake's three course meal was... Well, it was delicious but the thought behind it was a little...

"My inspiration for family, is not rooted in the past but in the future," Drake dares to say with a solemn expression. Even the judges could not look at him in the face. It seemed that all the shamelessness he hadn't used when Adrian left had come pouring all out now and they weren't sure what to do with it. His entire family's faces were completely black.

Because... These were all Adrian's favourite dishes!

A seafood appetiser with perfect seared salmon slices on top of a small bed of salad, a high class burger, and an orange-chocolate lava cake using Adrian's favourite chocolate brand!

The Lanzoni family: Your inspiration for family isn't rooted in the past but the future? Aren't you just saying to everyone that you intend to bring Adrian into the family? Did you have to do it this way? Can't you give us a little face here? Where is the love?!

In comparison to Maddy's heartwarming dish, and Drake's gourmet proposal, how could Charlotte even compare?

The finale of course was a showdown between Drake and Maddy.

There were three rounds. The first was to follow an incredibly complicated dessert recipe that Chef George had written precisely for this competition in mind, the second round was to give them four hours to prepare a main and a dessert for the past top five contestants of Home-cooked Miracle Season 1 and 2, the judges, the families and the rest of the top five of this current season. Each round was on a different day. As per basic storytelling rules, Drake won one round and Maddy won the other, giving the finale a tense, down-to-the-line atmosphere as they reached the last round.

The last round was simple. It was merely to cook a dish. Any dish. Even though it sounded easy, it also wasn't at the same time. After all, this dish would show everyone the accumulation of everything they learnt this season. It would show them who deserved to hold the title of a Miracle chef.

Drake brought out all the stops and produced a breath-takingly high class and beautiful dish of marron with deep-fried cavolo nero, soft fennel puree and a creamy marron bisque filled with rich tomato flavours. Maddy in contrast took a gamble by relying on her experience with experimenting, however unlike everyone else, Adrian was hardly worried. After all, he clearly remembers her golden finger skills. Even so, despite being assured he couldn't help but feel doubtful as, in the middle of making macaroons, she brings in slices of smoked salmon to her table.

Her plan? Smoked salmon macaroons! By using a smoked salmon mousse created with Boursin cheese, smoked salmon, and a generous squeeze of lemon juice as a savory filling a salty contrast is made with the sweet macaroon shell. Not only was the techniques needed but a strong sense of balance was indescribably important for such a strange combination. To wash it down she even produced a bitter yet refreshing green tea-based blend that complemented well with the fishiness.

Even though Drake's food was undoubtably delicious, beautiful, and perfectly cooked in every aspect, when compared to Maddy's crazy dish, it played too safe. However, if Maddy's gamble hadn't paid off and even the slightest imbalance of ingredients was made, then it would be Drake's win.

It really was down to the wire.

Yet in the end, there was little doubt who was the winner.

"-Maddy Fenwick!" Chef George announces to Drake, Maddy, the crowd of eagerly waiting contestants and family members. "Congratulations for being the third Miracle Chef!"

Confetti showers down onto everyone and balloons were released into the air as Chef George passes a large golden trophy to an elated and dazed Maddy. Jia Hyson and Monroe rush up to hug and congratulate her along with the rest of the contestants. After laughing and crying, Maddy goes over to Drake to shake his hand.

"It seems I won the bet this time," She says, smiling warmly. Over the season they had made multiple bets with each other. In a way, it was their own strange show of friendship as well as mutual respect for their skills.

"It seems you did," Drake agrees, shaking her hand, a faint smile on his lips. "However I'm sure we'll fight again soon."

She laughs, "Oh yeah?"

"Of course," Drake replies confidently, "After all, I'm coming over for Christmas aren't I?"

Maddy: ...Did you just use my win to invite yourself over to our house for the upcoming holidays?

Helplessly she agrees. After all, unless Monroe actually murders him, she strongly doubts he will let Adrian go.

Speaking of Monroe, he steps up to shake Drake's hand, "Sorry for your loss," He says respectfully. Drake doesn't dismiss him despite his unwillingness to reciprocate, after all, he would be blind not to see how this so-called brother looked at his boyfriend with impure motives. At the same time though, this was his future in brother-in-law. Ah, it was hard to have such an attractive lover. Even family could be seduced with his charms!

As their hands touched, a faint sound of static crackled between them and they instinctively retreated their limbs. For a flicker of a second Drake's dark eyes brightened and Monroe's grey eyes blackened, neither of them showed any changes in emotion as they surveyed each other. Suddenly Monroe's lips twist bitterly. "I see," is all he says and that was that.

Afterwards Monroe drifted away, no one knew where he went and only the occasional conversation over the phone showed he was even still alive. But by the third year, even that stopped. Jia Hyson had asked Drake to help search for him but they turned up with no results. The only clue was, a week after that last phone call, a package for Adrian was sent under his name. In the package was a small shard of curved glass. However, when Adrian picked it up he noted that despite the hot weather, the shard was cold like ice. And just like ice on a hot day, it quickly melted in his hands.

After that, it was really as if he hadn't existed at all.

Maddy in contrast had become a cooking sensation. She was everywhere. After countless rivals, cooking showdowns, being mentored by mysterious retired chefs and numerous faceslapping scenes, she had become a world renowned celebrity chef. Jia Hyson had even been invited onto her cooking shows a few times despite the fact he was merely a small actor-model in comparison. Later on she became a judge on Home-cooked Miracle, which amazingly was still incredibly popular, replacing Chef George's role as the intimidating head chef.

As for her love interest? Well Drake was certainly out of the question. Lex and Daniel had opened up a popular cafe together next to Lex's family grocery. And Ryan Powers had married a powerful businesswoman and his second child was already on the way. Surprisingly who she fell in love with wasn't a male supporting lead at all!

"Adrian," Maddy smiles bashfully as she introduces her boyfriend, "This is my boyfriend,"

Jacob Christopher awkwardly waves.

Jia Hyson, Drake, Jenna and James Christopher all stare at the couple, clearly blindsided by this. Jia Hyson especially hadn't expected this. Male supporting leads, now was the time to step up into the spotlight! Daniel and Lex were lost causes but damn Ryan, what were you doing sticking it in to random bystanders?!

As the years go by, Jia Hyson lived comfortably and happy, finally earning back the freedom and lazy luxury he missed back in the good old days. After striking himself a rich golden thigh to hug, he began to be pickier with his modeling jobs, in favor of spending more time acting, writing and rolling in the sheets. His Weibo account and blog was filled with a mix of his modeling photos, advertisements for his new acting jobs, his cooking and occasionally fresh helpings of dog food as he shamelessly shows off his rich boyfriend.

Drake had pursued his dream of cooking, establishing an upper-class restaurant for lower class people, producing high quality food at almost disgustingly cheap prices, he also became a well known figure in the culinary world. However after nine years he passed over his chef hat to his protege, choosing to use his overpowered male protagonist business skills to oversea the restaurant instead and give himself more free time which he spent on Adrian.

Too be honest, after living like both a mother and a father of a close knit family, it was a little difficult for Jia Hyson to adjust when he moved in with Drake. Of course, Drake was very attentive to his needs and soon Jia Hyson became used to his lover sticking by his side, filling the gap he had felt when all his baby birds had flown from his nest. While he had gotten a little annoyed at the stickiness at times, the affection he had saved for Drake had never wavered, even growing a little stronger than before. It wasn't enough to die for him or anything, but it was enough for Jia Hyson to know he would definitely miss him greatly if he ever lost him. He would miss him for at least five, no, seven years!

Bebe: 'Wtf how bad is your empathy, no, how bad is your memory?!'

Jia Hyson admits it's really pretty bad.

Unprecedentedly though, he had been genuinely distressed and depressed at the sudden disappearance of Monroe, even when he grew old and wrinkled, happy with his darling by his side and his protagonist sister at the pinnacle of the culinary world, he couldn't help but feel something was missing. It was a little unnerving not to mention uncomfortable.

However, despite his one regret, Jia Hyson felt that his life in this world was rather perfect.

"Host," Bebe suddenly says late one night. Despite it being rather abrupt, Jia Hyson already understood.

He pushes his body to turn so he's facing Drake on the bed. Even at eighty, this man still exuded an alluring charm however faint. There was still no shortage of aspiring sugar babies who wouldn't mind servicing him. Not that Jia Hyson was too upset about it (though pretending he was had been fun) after all, beating them all back with all sorts of different sticks was a nice way to pass the time. Still, the fact that this man still retained a semblance of a six-pack at such an old age was truly unfair to all elderly, no, all of humanity.

Ah, he was truly going to miss their time together. And Drake too.

Bebe: '...You can't be good for even one minute can you?'

Quietly chuckling, he reaches out to touch Drake's face with the little strength he has left, watching him breath in and out weakly as he slept. "Sorry darling," he sighs, "but I'm always the one who leaves first." Jia Hyson's breath goes a little ragged and his eyes waters, he knows that he'll probably forget about Drake, or the emotions he felt for Drake, after a few years but now that he was about to leave Jia Hyson felt reluctant to let go.

However, no matter how unwilling he was, eventually his eyes slowly closed and his breathing stopped.

The moment his hand lost strength and dropped from Drake's face, dark eyes immediately opened and tears fell down. Trembling, Drake picks up the lifeless hand and presses it back on his face, only until the familiar warmth finally ebbs away does he too close his eyes. He never opens them again.

[World story complete... Processing data... Uploading data...]

In another world, a graduating university student was going through her old computer files to determine what could be trashed and what needed to be kept when her new laptop came in. She was a data hoarder who liked to keep all her assignments, her downloads and her photos in her computer, unsure if she would ever need them in the future. However it seems her anxieties were entirely groundless now, and she had to steel her heart and fill the bin.

After absentmindedly throwing a large file in, she pauses before bring it back and opening it. Raising her brows she realizes that in that file contained all the chapters and ideas she had written for her story Can't Stand the Heat, a story she had written in middle school. She remembered thinking how it could've been the next Twilight teen romance novel but after the awful reviews she had gotten after posting it, had quickly lost her drive. In fact, she distinctly remembers arguing with at least half of the reviews and dropping the site completely in a silent protest to the unfairness of her readers.

Ah, what a dark stain it is now.

Curious to what her story is like, now that she's become older and relatively more mature, she opens up the first chapter. In the beginning she felt very impressed with herself, why was everyone so pissed? This was pretty good if she dare say so herself, she especially liked Adrian who she had modeled after her own oldest brother. Monroe was based on her second oldest brother- quiet as fuck but when he opens his mouth it's full of nagging.

Then the character Maddy fought with Adrian and Monroe.

She cringes a little at this. Reading it now she recalls this was written in a fit of fury after her brothers and parents scolded her for applying to volunteer overseas on her own. In retrospect they were in the right since she didn't research it properly beforehand yet already put in the deposit using her own savings, however back then she had felt humiliated and wronged for being scolded when she was being 'proactive' like they always wanted her to be. Teenage angst was a hard thing to control.

Once she started cringing she couldn't stop. By the twelfth chapter she really couldn't read on lest she kills herself in humiliation. It was too terrible. Adrian and Monroe was gone. The competition was gone. The story was gone. All that was left was some bad porn.

Finally after going to the bathroom to splash some cold water onto her warm cheeks, she mustered up the courage to sit back in front of her computer, determined to delete this pile of trash and then set fire to her computer once she finished. However, before she did so, she notices that amount the word documents filled with the story, at the very bottom of the folder, highlighted in blue, was another file labeled 'BETA IDEAS'.

"Funny," She mutters, "I don't remember this," she clicks on it.

The documents in there, were, as labeled, ideas for her story. She was shocked, not because of its presence, it had been so long ago how would she remember what she did or did not put in here at this point? No she was shocked because the ideas were... really good!

Maddy having a more stable social life and confidence?

Adrian throwing his pride away to be a model in order to feed his family?

The family being more supportive and close knit through family dinners?

Adrian participating in the competition?

Drake becoming Adrian's love interest instead so Maddy's path focuses more on the original themes?

As she continues reading she becomes more and more excited. Suddenly her long dead desire to write ignites anew. Cracking her novels she opens a new word document ready to try it one more time.

...

"Congratulations host!" Bebe chirps, "The story was successfully revised! Do you want to hear the reviews?"

"Yeah, sure," Jia Hyson mutters as he listlessly lays on his white bed. His safe space which had initially impressed him a little now felt disappointing and empty. Once he gets himself together he's going to use his newfound p to redecorate.

Sensing his mood, Bebe doesn't say anything and just reads out some of the comments.

"'OMG this is so cute! I love Maddy, and I love the concept of a romance story where legit everyone but the main character has a romantic subplot until the end lol.'

'The story is sweet and cliche without being too cliche.'

'I read your original story of this before and I hated it, it had a solid intro and a shitty middle and end. Now that I'm rereading it, after all these years, I'm glad that I did pick it up again- you've definitely improved, keep up the amazing work!!'

'LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! OMG ADRIAN IS SO CUTE! DRAKE IS SUCH A VINEGAR JAR! POOR DANIEL AND LEX - I LOVE IT!'

'Ugh, Maddy is a really interesting and strong female character that isn't distracted by love, and that's totally great. But did you have to add so many gay people in? You know I would get if it was just Adrian or whatever but four gays? Isn't that a little ridiculous? I can't deal with this anymore I'm out.'

'A male god here, a male god there, damn! So many male gods! Who do I lick first? Or maybe I should ditch them for the great goddess??'

'Your descriptions of food and the cooking process is really good! I was drooling the whole time omg. I was worried that you would brush over the actual competition aspect like so many others do and just treat it as a backdrop for romance and shit but I was so wrong! Like! Like! A thousand likes!'"

Other than a few homophobic comments, the results were overwhelmingly positive. The original 2.3 star rating had increased to a presentable 4.2 and the popularity of this story had increased by over a hundred fold! Originally there were only around a hundred followers but now the amount of readers that had subscribed were up to the hundreds of thousands. There was no doubt that the quality of the story has improved thanks to Jia Hyson's efforts. Bebe was deeply satisfied with the statistics and with a warm voice spouted off the rewards calculated.

"Overall, Host did a rather flawless job. Since stories are subjective, we only consider things like the overall ratio of positive to negative reviews, percentage increase in readers and ratings. Since Can't stand the Heat is improved significantly in all three ways Bebe is proud to award you 10 points and 1000p."

Jia Hyson felt a little torn. On one hand, it felt good to hear he achieved the best results possible. On the other... the reward sounds rather pitiful. He knows 10 points is meant to be worth of a lot but no matter how much one embellished it... 10 points still sounds like 10 points.

"Now the bonus points."

Jia Hyson perks up curiously. Bonus points? Did Bebe mention this before? He feels like it might've but he couldn't remember.

"Make a character less 3d +3 points

Gap moe +1

Maintained original intended genres +3

New likeable couple +3

Good cliches +1

Break unlikeable couple +3

Satisfying face slapping +1

Unexpected fluff + 1

Character development +2

Character too OOC -15

Unexpected plot development/ plot twist +2

Overall you have 5 bonus points."

Jia Hyson, who's eyes had brightened as he heard all the points suddenly gifted to him felt like his face was suddenly slapped twice. Suddenly he had lost 15 points! A thousand mud horses galloped through his heart. Where did his 15 points go?! Which pig teammate screwed this daddy over?!

"Adrian's character has been written once again as a gentle, conservative person, even after becoming a model for the sake of his family he still maintains this personality. However in regards to Drake, Adrian suddenly acts aggressively and actively seduces him despite his pre-established character. Therefore, many have said he is a bit OOC." Bebe dryly explains as it senses the anger in Jia Hyson's heart.

Jia Hyson wants to cry a little. It turns out he was his own pig teammate. Dammit author god, just write about Maddy, what were you doing detailing Adrian's sexual conquest?

Feeling even worse than before, Jia Hyson buries himself into his bed and angrily goes to sleep. He dreams bittersweetly of the life he had just lost.

He doesn't notice in the corner of his safe space room, two strange curved shards of glass, glittering brightly.



Arc 2 Beta Be Spooky




Waking up, Jia Hyson doesn't feel very refreshed. In fact he felt groggy and heavy. Even though he used to enjoy lounging and lazily spreading his limbs across a large bed unhindered by anyone's presence like a cat under the sun, now it just felt cold and lonely. He sighs mournfully, Jia Hyson was rather familiar with depression, he can't help but be grateful that he can stay in his safe space for however long he needs.

Idly, he spends about 300 p to redecorate his room as planned. Watching the items he purchased appear out of thin air from a string of data like some sci-fi matrix movie was immensely satisfying. Who said retail therapy was bullshit? Clearly they haven't shopped on Bebay. While the mission relative items were expensive, the items to decorate the safe space could almost be considered free, making Jia Hyson feel almost godlike when buying.

"35p for a bunny?" He comments with a raised eyebrow as he scrolls down the decorations page. It was fairly expensive compared to all the other things he had bought, after all 2p could buy a deluxe standard pillow and 4p a mid-quality desk of any design. Even his new universal phone- which could allow him to download any apps or access any websites to all worlds he has traveled in- was only 33p. It was shocking that a rabbit was worth more than what Jia Hyson considers the greatest piece of technology ever to exist.

Still, he wasn't too fussed. There wasn't anything else he was particularly interested in other than this and he had already bought all the things he needed to fill the room to his tastes anyway. Besides, you could customise it later if you didn't like it's appearance. That was just fucking neat.

Decisively he buys it after some slight modification to the original template. To his delight, a small fluffy bunny, with lopsided ears and robin blue fur appeared at the end of his bed. He'd always wanted a pet... that won't die on him because of various reasons that he may or may not have been responsible for.

"The pet decorations are primitive AIs made to help soothe Host's mindset and minimise mental instabilities," Bebe informs him as the bunny cutely hops over toward him. "As you enter more worlds, your options for pets as well as other special decorations will also unlock."

Jia Hyson was barely listening, too enraptured by the small blue ball of fluff. Scooping the creature up, it easily fit in the palm of his hand. Immediately he felt the heaviness in his chest lift a little, it's not a lot, but it was enough to surprise him. He supposes if one could have the power to transfer into another world, one must also have the power to cure depression but still. He looks at the bunny in his hands, its tiny little eyes blinking up at him and his heart melts. "Can I bring it along with me in the next world?"

"No." Bebe quickly replies before adding, "Why would host need to bring the rabbit along? Is Bebe not enough for you?"

"Yeah, pretty much," He answers back just as quick as he tickles the underside of the bunny's chin, it's little floppy ears twitch in happiness. "Aw, I'm going to call you Fishball, do you like that Fishball? Come give your mommy a kiss, ah! Fishball actually did it! Bebe, Bebe! Isn't this so cute? Record this! Fishball-"

Bebe: But Bebe is the cutest baby, Host... Is Bebe not the cutest anymore?  

"Oh my god! You can even dance?! Fishball, you're the best!"

Bebe: QAQ

As he begins to push around his newly bought furniture, Jia Hyson notices something shiny in the corner of his room. He frowns. He certainly hadn't bought anything glittery or glowy, he's a gaudy man with simple architectural tastes. The safe space was filled with soft colours and even softer furniture. Who needs expensive ming vases when he could get a penguin plushie for the exact same price?

Forgetting about his aim of moving the tv stand he had just bought, Jia Hyson curiously walks toward this unknown object that had captured his attention so. "Bebe?" He picks up two small curved pieces of glass. To Jia Hyson's surprise, one shard was cool to the touch and the other, warm. After a moment of scrutiny, his heart clenched in confusion and a bit of fear. While the two looked similar at first glance, the colouring and shape was slightly off, with the warmer shard being a little larger and lighter in colour. However, what made him react so strongly was that the cooler, darker shard was identical to the one Monroe had sent him all those years ago.

That was the last thing Monroe had ever given him and it had disappeared so abruptly and strangely in his hands. Even with his memory, how could Jia Hyson not remember this? However... why was there another one?

Bebe was silent for a moment, before emitting a horizontal line of blue light that scanned the two shards. As the line passes the glass, faint strings of data flashes under the light, moving rapidly as if it is constantly processing something. While the code of 0s and 1s only flickered under the light before disappearing, it was enough to shock Jia Hyson, staring at the two glass shards in a whole new light.

Even Bebe was shocked. "This is... Host may I extract them and bring them to my overseer?"

Jia Hyson frowns but nods reluctantly. Even though he was stupid curious about these mysterious shards and their relationship to Monroe he's aware that he has zero capabilities to determine the origins and identity of these objects himself. It was better to let someone more informed help him out. After all, literally the only reason why stories go for as long as they do, is because the protagonist either never asks for help and takes forever to figure it out himself, or everyone that could help them is too incompetent or corrupt. If Jia Hyson can ask for reliable help, obviously he must do so.

Still, his fingers curl around the shards, despite the sharp edges they didn't cut into his skin. In fact, Jia Hyson felt strangely at ease with them, it was almost better than holding Fishball despite the fact the shards were neither fluffy nor that pleasurable to touch.

The un-pleasurable to touch shards: ...

As Bebe transferred the shards, it receives an automated message that there was currently a wait list and their query will be processed soon. When Jia Hyson heard this, a strange look crossed his face, it seems even the system world had these sort of inconveniences too. Even as a very important beta system, while their order had some priority, it was still placed behind the other orders that needed immediate care such as life-threatening calls for help or accidentally incurring an apocalyptic scenario so it would take some time. Deciding that there wasn't much to do on the subject, Jia Hyson continues pursuing his small career in interior design via BeBay and lazing about.

Bebe just like Jia Hyson also decided to take the opportunity to go shopping during this waiting period. However, unlike Jia Hyson, its purchases were far more useful.

"Host," it calls out, interrupting Jia Hyson's game mid-way through by filling the screen blue. Jia Hyson was so shocked he almost threw his new phone on the wall. He's watched tv, he's seen the shit hackers can do, "Bebe wants to ask you something."

"What?" He asks, a little irritated. He was about to get a legendary card from the lucky draw! The game he downloaded on the universal phone was the exact same one Drake introduced him to when they were young, so he was especially annoyed at being disturbed.

While Fishball had helped a lot with his mood, it was still a low-level decoration and if the rabbit wasn't nearby the onset of his melancholy and depression would set in again. It was a bit like pills- but better, cuter and with way less side-effects. He was recovering faster than when his mother died in his original world but it was still slow going.

"It's about Bebe's apps."

Jia Hyson blinks before he understands. When he found out that Bebe had used almost all its points to buy an inbuilt laser and no longer had basic system functions, he had been incredibly furious at this AI's 'I' and even when his hair had turned white he had never let this grievance go. Bebe had promised to discuss its purchase choices with him in the future in order to minimise his grumbling. "Oh, that's fine then," he sighs, "how can I see-"

Immediately the blue screen pulls up a simple list of system functions with prices next to it. Different to Jia Hyson's BeBay, this one had no photos but if you clicked on one of the functions, more information will appear below the name including information about the upgrade level prices and the effect the upgrade would have.

"On the top right corner is my current amount of p."

Jia Hyson's eyes flicker up to where Bebe directed and his face immediately contorts. If Bebe was a human he would've strangled this damn system.

35,000 p?! What is this? Did he get scammed? How come his spicy chicken system is so rich? This damn thing could only snark and remind him occasionally about recipe steps and yet it earns more p than him by thirty-five fold!

Bebe made a coughing sound. As it could hear everything in his mind, it would really be a spicy chicken if it couldn't tell Jia Hyson was angry. "This... because I spoke a lot to you, the overseer probably interpreted it as guidance to a newbie and rewarded me with a little bit extra."

Jia Hyson was speechless. There was so much to rage at he didn't know where to start? There's an overseer? Why was this overseer so shit? Interpreting it as guidance? A little bit extra??

Suddenly Jia Hyson understands why people in novels revolt against their systems.

Fishball patted his hand with its tiny paw. Immediately Jia Hyson felt himself become a little calmer. Fishball really was worth more than it's price. He wonders how much he would have to pay to replace Bebe with Fishball.

Bebe: '...we've been together for almost a lifetime now and you want to ditch me for this damn rabbit? Where is the basic trust between system and host?'  

Jia Hyson: '  It's somewhere in between your 35,000p.'

In a cold voice, Jia Hyson orders, "Buy [Facial recognition], [Spatial storage] and [Skill stealer]."

Sullenly Bebe does. Not just because its host was looking at the Bebe's bangle body with dead eyes filled with killing intent, but because he'd more or less chosen the most useful functions they could currently afford. Though 35,000 p was truly a staggering amount for a first world reward, generally systems are awarded more for their performances, in turn, the things they buy are also more expensive.

For the basic and lowest level [Facial recognition] and [Spatial storage], 1500p was required. However [Skill stealer] was considered a low level luxury requiring 31,000p to be unlocked. Of course the price was worth it as it gives a chance for the system to steal a pre-established skill from the host's character. This function was only for specialized systems and can't be accessed by cannonfodder, villain or even protagonist systems. After all, those basic bitch systems only require a host to act out their designated roles and maintain the plot, so things like sonic cannon blasters and other overpowered items wouldn't be present in their shops.

"Do I get to choose the skill we can try steal?" Jia Hyson questions curiously, already feeling appeased by emptying nearly all his system's wallet. He squeezes and kneads Fishball one-handedly like it was a furry stress ball making it chirp in confusion. He had bought an extra modification to make Fishball speak, however at its current level the only options for vocals was bird chirps or mouse squeaks.

"Host can't," Bebe answers after a moment of processing the question, "however if Host feels that a skill is unsuitable, Host can request to block that particular skill from the lucky draw. But Host should know that even if you block out all the skills except the one you want, it just increases the chances of getting nothing."

Jia Hyson clicks his tongue. It seems he can't cheat his way into a golden finger then. Luck was heavily involved here, after all, even if Bebe had [Skill Stealer] before, Adrian possessed no special skills to be taken. By changing the story Jia Hyson became more active in the kitchen and earned [Burger Prince] which means even if he can't steal skills he can learn them through specific conditions.

And though it was a rather useless skill, he was fairly pleased with it.

[Ding! Burger Prince skill level 3 has been reached! Congratulations Host!]

Jia Hyson finishes putting together his tuna sandwich when he hears Bebe's automatic system notification and bites into his lunch, enjoying the 12% increase in tastiness in every bite. One day he dreams of being able to make anything taste good as long as he sticks two slices of bread above and below it. Luckily the way to increase this skill is less about quality and more on quantity. As long as he made a sandwich he would get some experience points. Even eating one gets him points, albeit less, which, fair.

It's been a few weeks in the safe space. There wasn't any day or night in there but for 10p his room can stimulate a day-night cycle as well as switch weather and season. Jia Hyson couldn't say he wasn't pampered. After questioning Bebe a bit he realised he was truly lucky to be under the Beta system.

There were multiple types of systems that generally can fall under four main categories- Maintenance, Finance, Reconstruction and Design. Maintenance systems were the basic cannonfodder, male lead, villain systems where the host re-enacts a role and allows the system to determine the world's stability first hand as well as provide in-depth data during this period.

Reconstruction is for when someone in the maintenance group finds a bug that needs to be eliminated or a divergence in the plot. When a mistake is found, hosts with a slightly more advanced version of the maintenance system re-enter the world with the role to ensure certain plot points are established. They are generally given more freedom but failure in their various missions to recreate the required plot points will cause them to be immediately terminated by the world. While it's less restricting than maintenance, it's also more dangerous.

Finance is, oddly enough, probably the most satisfying and interesting job as it consists of counter-attack systems and last wishes systems. Their clients are souls with strong negative emotions willing to pay whatever to see their needs met. Even if it's half their soul energy. Not only is soul energy nourishment for the systems and can be recycled into matter that produces the items in shops, cleansing their negative emotions by itself is considered beneficial. If the negative emotions of important characters linger in their home world, the world could be more vulnerable to bugs and other glitches such as an unplanned reincarnation of a cannonfodder character. By appeasing them with a separate clone world of their ideal outcomes, host's are also strengthening the world. It is a higher tier job compared to the previous two that can only be gotten through naturally high qualifications in a host or earning enough experience and levels in maintenance or reconstruction.

Design was the most exclusive and prominent sector. What they look into is a mix of maintenance and finance, rebuilding and reforming problematic and unstable worlds and producing long term beneficial effects to both the world and the system's energy. Teacher, Villain Reformation and Advisor systems fall under this category as well as Jia Hyson's Beta system. They are given incredible freedom, their own personalised safe spaces, access to all items and will not be immediately terminated after one failure. After all, the hosts with systems under this category are fairly rare and can't afford to be killed off so easily. Bebe had told him that he was the twelfth Beta host currently working.

"Oh?" Jia Hyson hums in vague interest as he fiddles with Fishball's ears. "Are they attractive? When can I meet them?" He's itching for a rebound. Jia Hyson hasn't ever had to deal with such an emotionally dealing separation from a lover before but he's fairly sure having a lot of sex and then watching someone's heart get broken would help sooth his own. It's called schadenfreude. It's pretty legit. "No. Wait. I can't sleep with coworkers unless... you say that other Beta hosts can still die right?"

Bebe: '...Are you implying that you'll sleep with coworkers as long as there's a decent chance of sudden death?'

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, Bebe, you really know me too well by now,'  

Bebe: QAQ Bebe wishes Bebe didn't.

Already a bit bored with the topic Jia Hyson tries to think of another question he could ask. Another benefit of being a host under the Design category is that he's authority level starts off much higher than the other hosts, allowing him to ask questions about all sorts of things with ing a certain limit. For example, while he can't learn the exact details of how systems are regulated, he is allowed to know the main categories system types are allocated in and that there are something called 'overseers' which essentially act as their bosses.

Actually, his current mood can only be described as 'bored'. He's watched a variety of television and movies currently available in both his original world and Adrian's world, and in terms of online novels he's either up to date with the ones he likes, waiting for them to finish so he could binge read them later or not fitting his current reading tastes. Gaming isn't a very strong interest for him and his motivation to write or play arts and crafts was iffy at best at this moment.

Jia Hyson sighs, it was probably best if he went out on a mission then. At least with a goal in mind he could ignore the heaviness of grief and depression weighing him down, especially if it was an interesting one. "Bebe, is it possible to choose a mission? I.. I don't want to experience a similar world then..." He bites his lip, trailing off and heaving another heavy sigh. If he could feel resentful towards Drake for making him feel this way he would be. It's unfortunate that he can't.

Sympathetically Bebe softly answers, "It's not possible at Host's current level. After all, a good beta needs to experience a multitude of different stories and genres and if a host is granted full autonomy on these choices they may abuse it and only specialise in easy to fix plots." It hesitates for a moment before adding, "However, there is one way,"

"Oh?" Jia Hyson stares at the ceiling, he's currently lying back on his bed, Fishball curled up in a ball on top of his chest. "Do tell,"

"You can request for a Skill Upgrade World. It's a world that is guaranteed to help you level up one of your skills." Bebe says but there's a frown in its voice, "However, it's generally a world with a higher tier difficulty than usual which can bring about high amounts of stress and pain, even permanent death, in hosts. Even then it's not guaranteed the results are worth it. Bebe heard there was a Host under an Advisor system that went to a world which would stimulate an improvement in their skill of [Mediator Level 4] and ended up as an alcoholic and ditzy concubine of an emperor that would, in three years, engage in a four-way war! While Bebe isn't aware of the details, that Host only improved her skill by one level through the management of inner court politics and failed to prevent or even lessen the impact of the war. The Host not only died brutally but she suffered some deep psychological burdens and eventually had to be terminated."

Jia Hyson lets Bebe's warning sink in. The Skill Upgrade World was really both a matter of luck and skill it seems. For the Advisor Host, if she had managed to somehow earn enough influence during those three years to be able to advise the emperor on matter than her skill probably would have shot up far more than just a mere level. Probably just getting up to that point of influence would have been enough to earn at least one or two more. However as Bebe said, the world she was put in was incredibly difficult, an ancient Chinese world where she already had a background as 'ditzy' as well as the status of concubine... Who would take her seriously?

Still, it wasn't like Jia Hyson was desperate to improve his skills, he just wanted to be distracted. It would be no loss to him if he only improved by one or two levels in whatever skill he had, most of his skills save for [God's Scribe Level 8] was low-levelled anyway. Other than [Burger Prince Level 3], he had [Animal Charmer Level 2] and [Psychotic Break Level 1]. He didn't even know what the last one even is since it was greyed out on the screen. Either way, he shouldn't be assigned to anything incredibly difficult unless the skill to level up was for his writing talent.

After thinking things through he makes his decision.

Bebe, who was listening in was naturally aware of it and doesn't bother to insult Jia Hyson by asking if he was sure. Most of his reasoning was valid anyway and since he was still new there would be some consideration towards that. "Do you want to do anything before we leave?" It asks.

Jia Hyson lightly pets Fishball in contemplation, "Has your overseer got any news yet?"

"No," Bebe coughs with some embarrassment, "The order has been successfully processed but apparently the items are a little more complex than we first thought so my overseer had to seek someone higher up."

"Hm, interesting," Jia Hyson hums. He was aware there was higher jobs above system overseer but he didn't have the authority to ask any further. But if those shards needed to be sent to someone even higher up than they were really not simple. "No worries then, let's just go, no wait!"

"What?" Bebe was puzzled, there shouldn't be anything else warranting interest of its host.

Jia Hyson stops petting his bunny and hugs it tightly instead, "Can I bring Fishball along?" He asks with a pitiful pleading voice.

Bebe wants to cough out blood. This damn shitty host! What are you? A child in need of a security blanket? Isn't Bebe enough for you?

Jia Hyson: 'Didn't I already say it? Of course... not!'  

Bebe:   '...I hope you suffer in the next world.'

[Initialising... prepare for transmigration in 3... 2... 1...]

...

When Jia Hyson opens his eyes he immediately panics.

Because clearly he's in a dark and creepy murder basement. With mystic voodoo blood symbols and signs of satanism everywhere. Also, he couldn't forget to mention the people in black surrounding him.

Because he was tied to a chair in the middle of the room.

If Jia Hyson looks down he could bet what little life he probably has left that there was the biggest bullshit blood circle with black candles on the floor. He looks down. There is. Fucking hell.

Suddenly he remembers his system's last words before they left.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe... I'm going to fucking kill you.'

Bebe: 'This isn't my fault! I can't choose! I also don't want to be here!' QAQ

A thousand galloping mud horses run through his head (basically translates to 'a thousand fuck you's'). Forget reading the story, it's clear that he's going to actually straight up die in about ten minutes.

"Place the doll on the boy."

Jia Hyson screams both internally and externally. He has four major fears. The first is heights, the second one is parasites, the third is the thought of dying old and alone because nobody will ever love him. Dolls and ghosts are his fourth major fear. Yes they count as one single fear, because together they become a super fear- haunted dolls.

So when he sees the doll one of the black robed men was bringing toward him he really wanted to faint. It was an objectively beautiful doll, you know, if you liked soulless imitations of humans waiting to be possessed by demons and ghosts and all sorts of things. Porcelain with jade like skin, silky black hair, slightly slanted phoenix eyes, pale pink lips and delicately made features that somehow made the hard material seem soft.

It freaked Jia Hyson the fuck out.

Before the damned thing could touch his lap, Jia Hyson desperately threw himself on the floor, the chair making a large crashing sound as he smashed his head against the cold cement. Of course this act of defiance only served to make his kidnappers angry. As they put him back into place, one of them punched his face, making Jia Hyson cry out in dizzying pain. As the man raises his fist to punch him again, a hoarse voice, the same voice that ordered the doll to be placed on him, calls out.

"Stop. We still need him conscious. Just tie him up even more with the blessed ropes."

It seems the hoarse voiced man was the ringleader. Since they were all wearing masks and their cloaks had hoods Jia Hyson really couldn't tell who was who but the leader sounds fairly old. His theory is further confirmed as the speaker steps up to him and caresses his face almost lovingly, Jia Hyson shudders at the sweaty wrinkles covering that man's skin. Anyone above seventy is a little out of his strike zone. "You are so beautiful," the hoarse voiced man sighs, "I was right to choose you."

Emotions from his current body stirred inside him. Fear, disgust, rage, despair... Jia Hyson couldn't stop the wave of such powerful emotions and he bit down on his gag, wishing it was the neck of this bastard so he can tear his flesh off. The fierceness in his eyes failed to scare off the leader however, instead it seemed to arouse him. Jia Hyson gagged as he felt hot, sour smelling lips touch his own while the wrinkled hand stroked his face and hair. "Bai Li Wei..." the old man breathes out and unable to take it anymore, Jia Hyson headbutts him.

The old man shouts in pain and immediately one of the cultists grabs his hair and pulls it so Jia Hyson is forced to uncomfortably stare up at the ceiling. There were more symbols there. In the corner of his eye, he sees another cultist carrying a pinkish elastic rope. As he moves closer Jia Hyson could immediately identify, to his dread, that it wasn't an elastic rope but intestines. From the size and width it looked like it belonged to a human.

...As a skilled author of various genres he could only guess that these were either from a lover, a beloved family member or a virgin. None of these options pleased him more than the others.

Jia Hyson: 'I take back all my complaints about the first world, please take me back.'

Bebe: vomiting noises

Jia Hyson: 'Fuck you're so useless, if I haven't puked you can't puke, damn cheap system!'

Bebe: 'That's not fair, Host's abnormal mindset was chosen for these situations, Bebe is a delicate, cute and peace-loving system. Don't put us together on the same level.'

Jia Hyson felt so angry he was choking on his blood. 'Shut up and give me the rundown on this character!'

A stream of information bursts through his mind painfully, but it wasn't as painful as the agony in his heart after soaking it in. Jia Hyson didn't receive the full storyline since it may take too long but just learning about his character's memory and basic plot points was enough to peace things together with his imagination.

Simply put, he was indeed in a horror story. A supernatural horror story. And he was a villain. Not the villain. A villain.

A haunted doll to be exact.

Jia Hyson: QAQ

Bai Li Wei was a stunning young man. Even with Adrian and Jia Hyson's own looks they could barely compete. It was like comparing flowers with the moon. He was as beautiful as he was unfortunate in life.

His mother was jealous of his looks, his father and older brother coveted him to an unhealthy degree and he was constantly attacked and blamed because of his appearance. In such a toxic situation Bai Li Wei could only resent his face for always putting him in this situation and wished to disfigure himself after years of torment and abuse and harassment. However he had a timid personality and he feared not knowing how people would react if he became ugly, after all he had been constantly told his face was the only good part of him, if that was gone what would he have left?

It really was a painful story that only got worse. Finally at nineteen, Bai Li Wei cracked. His own father and brother finally crossed the line and tried to rape him, blaming Bai Li Wei for bewitching them. Barely able to escape he runs out of the house to see his furious mother. Resentful and disgusted the woman didn't even try to listen to Bai Li Wei's cry for help and inverted black and white by loudly accusing her son of seducing her family.

Humiliated and heartbroken beyond belief Bai Li Wei ran out of the house with only the tattered clothing on his back. The poor child ran out of the oven and straight into a frying pan as he sought refuge in the one person he thought he could trust- a professor who had always treated him kindly.

Obviously that trust was all a lie because the professor was the ringleader of the cult that had him tied up right now.

What was the cult about? Well, it was a cult that appreciated immortality and beauty. Basically, a cult that wants to keep all the beautiful things in the world forever pure and eternal no matter the cost. And as one of the most beautiful people they've ever seen how could they not want to preserve Bai Li Wei in his prime?

Jia Hyson couldn't help himself from crying and shaking in genuine fear as he reads further at what would happen to him soon. He's written a lot of gory, torturous things and had a lot of fun doing so he admits, but now that he knows what's going to happen to him he could only laugh hysterically in bitter despair. Because he recognized this black magic soul-confining ceremony.

He'd written it after all.

'Bebe...'

Bebe was silent for a moment before quietly replying, 'It seems this story was inspired by some of your works in the same genre.'

Jia Hyson sobbed even though a small part of him was darkly amused by this sort of karma. Should he be flattered that he had been such an influential author that had put his fingers in so many literary pies? He can't really bring himself to feel very pleased right now.

In Jia Hyson's original story, a horror-fantasy story called Stumble, this was one of many evil rituals observed by the supporting villain, Cao Chang, a genius researcher who had stumbled into the world of magic at the same time as the hero. Stumble was one of Jia Hyson's controversial yet mainstream works that became a television show that ran for five seasons before it was canceled due to one of the main actors pulling out. Even though Cao Chang wasn't the main antagonist, he was incredibly popular in various ways and was one of Jia Hyson's favorite characters to write in that story.

However now Jia Hyson was really, really regretting making him so ruthless and so interested in the dark, gory and macabre.

The soul-embalming human doll ceremony was loosely inspired by the Egyptian embalming techniques in the vaguest sense. However it was fair more brutal as the victim must be alive and unhindered by any drugs or anesthesia as the tremendous pain they experience is one of the main aspects that encourages the soul to escape from their body. It really was a terrible procedure. First a small doll replica made with some of the bones of the victim's blood family is required. The doll must be hollow and filled with four grams of the victims blood, sweat and tears. The victim must sit with the doll during the full moon while bystanders chant various spells to strengthen the connection between the two. Once dawn hits, a special potion made of various things is meant to be swallowed by the victim to harden the skin, during this period, skin to skin contact with the doll is vital. Clay mixed with herbs, blood and crushed bones will cover the body from head to toe, trapping the person inside. The doll will be placed in the middle of the ritual circle and must be within the same room to minimize the chances of the soul escaping from its fate.

Then to release the soul from the physical body, the person will be cooked in fire.

Yes.

Cooked. In. Fire.

Bebe: '...   This may be a little difficult.'

Jia Hyson:  'You think?!'

The main setting is decades into the future in a typical haunted house type setup. Jia Hyson needs to be there to control the story directly, therefore he needs to keep his role as one of the hauntings there. Which meant he had to... he had to die and possess the doll.

Jia Hyson: 'You couldn't have put me in here after Bai Li Wei became a spirit?'

Bebe: '...Bebe doesn't have the capabilities to put Host in an intangible body.'  

Jia Hyson: 'You spicy chicken system! Go burn in hell!'  

Bebe: '  Aren't you the one going to burn?'

Jia Hyson: '...Hehe, to have the face to say that to me, you must really wish to die yes?'

Since it seems that they're at the point where Jia Hyson must bond with his doll under the moonlight, he asks for the actual story for lack of anything else to do. He was still frightened for his situation but at the same time he was a little curious at how the cursed doll played a part in the story, especially since it was a cursed doll based on Jia Hyson's fictional ritual. When he skimmed through the story the first time however, he found nothing.

Jia Hyson: ???

Bebe made an awkward coughing sound once it scanned through the story and finally brought six sentences to his attention.

Chapter 5, paragraph 3: There was a doll sitting on the shelf, it was so beautiful one could stand and stare at it for hours without a care for their lives.

Chapter 7, paragraph 8: Even the mesmerizing doll from earlier, looked a little creepy.

Chapter 7, paragraph 13: "Did, did that doll move?" Nalan Chyou whispers, frightened.

"Don't be ridiculous," Zhao Xuefeng chuckles nervously.

Chapter 9, paragraph 6: "See, I told you I'm not crazy! That doll Bo saw must be a ghost demon too!" Ming Bo exclaims with wide-eyes.

Chapter 13, paragraph 2: "Ahhhh!" Nalan Chyou screams as the doll moves toward her, it's glass eyes glimmering with something dark and sinister while it's porcelain lips maintain its perfect smile. She runs frantically out of the room and bumps right into an equally frightened Zhao Xuefeng and Ming Bo.

Chapter 32, paragraph 9: "Look! It even has information on that doll- the soul embalming human doll ritual- how scary!"

Jia Hyson reads this. Then he reads it again. Finally his tiny black heart shatters.

He's not a villain! He's not even a stepping stone, slash, background building character like Adrian! He was a jump scare! A cute pop-culture reference! He's going to be burnt alive to be a fucking reference to his own stupid show!

As the perverted cultists chant quietly under the full moon Jia Hyson hysterically laughs through his bloody gag and bitter tears, eyes wild with resentment, irony and a little bit of sadistic excitement. After all, he knows exactly how to liven up a horror story.

[Ding! Psychotic Break Level 1 activated on passive mode]

Bebe: ...Oh




The thing about waiting for certain death?

It's not very good for one's mental health.

Jia Hyson knew this fact like how most sane people knew this fact. However, it's like knowing that space is vast and endless or the ocean is filled with weird and wonderful creatures or that sex feels mind-numbingly fantastic - just knowing doesn't compare to experiencing the real thing first-hand. The fear, the anxiety, the waiting, it was a thousand, no, a million times worse than the moment before your exam results are revealed or sitting on the surgery table.

On his lap is the doll he'll be possessing. On the ground is the binding ritual circle paved in blood. Above him is an identical circle paved in blood. Around him are chanting cultists. Behind him is the open fire oven he'll be burnt to death in.

Jia Hyson doesn't know whether to laugh or cry. No, wait. Cry. Clearly the answer was to cry.

Wuwuwu he was a bit of an M he admits but he's not into pain play or wax play and they want him to roast? That's too hardcore! Fuck!

Bebe: '...Why must host always bring up perverted things?'

Jia Hyson: 'Shut up! It's a defensive mechanism you ignorant fuck!'

He's so legitimately angry at the situation. And it's only gotten worse as he reads the story again, more thoroughly this time. It's not like he had much else to do at this point anyways. And crying was really tiring.

This world is focused around an online novel with 2.7 stars called 'The Demon House.' Jia Hyson already knew this story was going to be shit just from this information alone. He wasn't wrong.

It was a generic horror story about a house. Haunted by a demon. Except the demon is only mentioned at the end of the story. There are also ghosts. A bunch of teenage kids go in on some sort of dare and spend the night. Obviously, someone, in this case, the main female love interest, touches something they really shouldn't have and provokes the house.

Now, at this point if one follows the basic bitch storyline of horror movies, the group either become trapped in the house or one of them gets possessed and in the last act they must go back to the house to solve the problem. While rather repetitive, there's a reason for why these sort of plots can still be sold to the public despite its overuse. However, this turn of events didn't occur in this story.

While Jia Hyson loves originality in a story it was provided that it was interesting which this author had failed to achieve. Not only did nothing seem to happen once the main female love interest, Nalan Chyou, accidentally cut herself while admiring herself with an antique mirror found in the basement's locked room- a dumb fucking thing to do in itself- the group of teenagers had gotten scared and left a few minutes after midnight. After this, the other people who dared them found out they didn't stay in the haunted house from sunset to sunrise as promised via a hidden camera at the entrances of the house and forced them to try again. This time the ghosts present were at least somewhat active before the teenagers fled again.

Such a turn of events can only be used once, before it becomes ridiculous. You couldn't stay for the whole night? Understandable. The bullies force you to properly fulfil the bet so you're forced back in despite your worries? Okay. Fine. But then the story repeats itself, again and again. The group flees in terror, the bullies force them back, the ghosts scare them. Wash, rinse, repeat. Really, the only way Jia Hyson could even identify that the plot was moving forward was that the ghosts slowly become more and more present in the house. Also between being scared off by ghosts and bullies, the mirror - which Nalan Chyou inexplicably decided to bring back home- also does some weird but ultimately unharmful shit to further freak everyone out.

Jia Hyson wants to scream at everyone in this damned novel. Ghosts what are you even doing?! Nothing! The answer was nothing! Protagonist where is your bravado? How come you have the guts to face the supernatural but when a few assholes tell you to jump, you jump? Can't you people say no? Or tell your parents, a priest, anyone, really!

Finally, it is revealed that the bullies were using the group to provide negative energy to the house in order to revive a demon that had been trapped in the house. Why? Who the fuck knows.

Suddenly the so-called smart character finally lived up to his stereotype and somehow figured out a way for the protagonist to destroy the ritual. Which wasn't very hard since the ritual hinged on having seven sacrifices during a solar eclipse, therefore all they had to do was survive till the eclipse passes. The mirror suddenly reveals it is possessed not by a ghost but by a fairy that had actually been trying to help warn them about the bullies since the beginning despite the fact that it really could have told them itself right in the beginning but whatever and magically breaks everyone free through magic. The protagonist takes it on himself to distract the bullies and gets stabbed for his trouble while the others escape and successfully ruin the ritual. The protagonist managed to survive thanks to the fairy mirror and they all celebrate in the hospital.

Jia Hyson, as both an author, a reader and someone who is about to die for the sake of this story, cannot even begin to describe the sheer resentment he feels after reading this and realises not a single person in this so-called horror story dies. Not even a little bit maimed. Even the antagonists barely suffer anything. At most, one of them earns a few broken bones after falling from a staircase and everyone is probably psychologically scarred by the incident but that was it. How is this horrifying? Isn't this just an over-glorified haunted house scam at this point then?

If he had his hands free he would use them to massage the stress headache building up in his temple. "What are the reviews like?"

"The reviews are as follows:

'One word. Boring.'

'What is this? Is this horror? Because it's not.'

'I think this is the first time I have hated the protagonists, the antagonists, the love interest AND the supporting characters. Seriously, that Bo bitch is such a white-eyed wolf the fact she isn't dead is the real horror here.'

'It's not bad... definitely not good either...'

'Shallow character design and it's clear legit no thought has been put into the story. Gave up reading half-way, the premise of going into the haunted house for the fourth time is too ridiculous or maybe it's just the characters are too stupid, its hard to tell. Would not recommend, waste of time.'

'The only thing that died in this story was my will to read it.'"

Jia Hyson sighs. It was as he expected. The lack of death was one thing, but the author didn't produce any feelings of tension and intrigue, not to mention no one could sympathise with such two-dimensional, and frankly annoying, characters. Without these elements, it would be difficult to elicit a sense of trepidation or fear in a reader, and without the horror in a horror story what's the point of even picking it up? The only saving grace it had was that the writing itself was decent and the plot, while unimaginative with a terrible sense of pacing, was still somewhat believable in terms of dialogue and character interaction. Also, the use of imagery was decent. He appreciates a good simile.

Other than the whole burning to death bit, it seems his job was rather easy. First he has to establish his revenge and get a terrible reputation as a haunted doll. To produce a sense of intrigue it would be better to narrow his target victims to something related to his death, that can be decided later. He needs more competent ghosts in the haunted house he eventually ends up in so he'll gamble with the butterfly effect there. And hopefully, establish some contact with one of those bullies to provide a reason for the demonic summoning in the first place. No one likes to read such obvious plot holes, especially ones that could be easily filled after all.

Of course, no one likes burning to death either but hey, some things just aren't optional aren't they?

Bebe: 'Bebe gets it, Host is going to die horribly, please get over it.'

Jia Hyson: 'If you want me to get over it go fuck off and build a bridge for me.'  

Bebe: '...Why can you never let me win in anything?'

'Bebe,' Once again remembering what will happen to him in less than a few days, Jia Hyson forces himself not to beg to leave this world just yet. To be honest, while he's utterly terrified for what's to come... he's really looking forward to turning into a vengeful ghost and ripping them to shreds. The resentment and eagerness to play seemed to momentarily overshadow even his own fears at the thought. He's not sure if it's because of the skill notification or his character's own lingering feelings but Jia Hyson could sense that his negative emotions had become easier to stimulate while the little numbness ever-present in his chest called apathy had seemed to grow stronger. 'Show me my new skill page.'

A digital blue screen only he could see appeared in front of him, revealing his character's name and the skills and special skills he had. When Jia Hyson saw it, he truly felt like the world was against him. As Adrian, he noticed that despite getting the temporary golden finger of adding his own skill points to the character's, there wasn't a huge change in capabilities as other than his appearance and cooking, the rest of his skills were fairly average or below average.

This made sense. After all not everyone was born equal, especially when you consider the phenomenal heaven-defying genius existences of protagonists and antagonists present in these worlds. To be honest, by including these outliers into the calculations, the so-called 'average' talent for a skill increases, skewing our perceptions a little. For example, in martial arts, there are always geniuses and prodigies that cannot be judged against normal fighters. They would generally rank at around 90 to 100 points.

However if this was a world with a protagonist trying to be the king of martial artists who must overcome one of those genius godly antagonists, they would immediately wreck the curve with their golden fingers and redefine the skill range so that when the gap between the genius and protagonist becomes wide enough the latter's ability would rank at around 84 to 95 points. When a normal person is compared to an amateur, they must bow to them. When an amateur is compared to a professional they must bow to them. When a professional is against a genius they must bow to them. But a genius against a main character must kneel and be stepped over! This is the beautiful unfairness of the world!

If these abnormal existences sitting at the top 1% were disregarded, the individuals valued at around 35 to 45 skill points would probably have been considered the real average of humanity and those at 50 would be regarded as above average. That is the disparity between normal people and leading roles.

Jia Hyson only learnt this while chatting with Bebe in the safe space. He had also been informed that once a skill valued at 75 points, it logically becomes more difficult to rate higher, therefore more than one skill point is needed to increase the value past this point. However, this means nothing to him right now.

Because Bai Li Wei's skills had practically all 0 points across the board!

Well, that's a little exaggerated but it was true that out of his top ten skills, six of them were in the single digits. To have no talent in sewing or even gardening, he can more or less understand. But why is balance at 9?! A toddler learning to walk probably has higher points! Even if you add that value to Jia Hyson's slightly below average value of 26, it still wouldn't even guarantee him a good mark on the balancing beam in a grade school.

The only thing Bai Li Wei had was his stunning good looks that got him in this mess in the first time which had almost maxed out when coupled with Jia Hyson's stats, resulting in a whopping value of 98 points. His IQ was pretty good too, after all, he did have a scholarship to a university... of course, the professor at the university was a sick cultist pervert but hey, that does not belittle the fact that his math results were off the charts. Memory and eye for detail were also above average at around 49 and 51 respectively. Given Jia Hyson's own memory and laziness, the combined total did not improve much.

Still, other than some book smarts, it really did look like Bai Li Wei was mostly a pretty face which was quite unfortunate. Then again, with his background, there is a strong chance he had a talent somewhere but never gotten a chance to nurture it which was fairly depressing to think about.

Luckily for Jia Hyson though, it wasn't like any these skills were going to help him after death. Of course that also means he has no skills applicable so maybe he wasn't very lucky at all. 'Bebe what do you recommend?'

After a moment Bebe promptly replies, 'Host, it would be best if you improve your mental fortitude and spiritual sensitivity for now. When you become a ghost, only then would the ghost based skillset would be open for you to invest points in. When that happens I recommend strengthening your spirit's stability and energy absorption to quickly improve.'

Jia Hyson considers it and nods. As expected, even though his system is beyond useless in so many things, it is at least competent in these sort of matters at the very least.

Bebe: ...Did you have to add all that extra stuff? Can you not hurt Bebe this way?  

Jia Hyson right now can rearrange 20 skill points and add 15 skill points to his character data. He adds 10 points to mental fortitude to produce a value of 88. It should be noted that 61 of those points came from Jia Hyson's own traits which really says a lot about Bai Li Wei. After some thought he doesn't use the final 5 points, keeping his spiritual sensitivity at a value of 20 points. Adding any more wouldn't have changed much in his opinion. Besides, the value was more or less fair since most people would have low sensitivity to ghosts, especially Jia Hyson who (presumedly) lived in a non-supernatural world. When he dies he'll use the last 5 skill points and reallocate the 20 skill points from less relevant skills into the ones Bebe recommended.

Once finished, Jia Hyson looks at his screen with some dissatisfaction. It wasn't great but he really couldn't do much. By the time all his pondering and preparation was done it had only been about forty-five minutes at most.

Jia Hyson: '...'

Fuck, I've been so productive and now there's nothing to do but cry again.

Now that his mind has come back to reality, his body begins to take this chance to voice their complaints. See, what television doesn't tell you when a hostage gets tied up for long periods of time, is the sheer pain your body gets into. At first, it's not so bad... for being a tied up hostage. But soon Jia Hyson could feel how uncomfortable his chair is, how stiff his lower back feels, he wants to roll his shoulders and stretch his spine so badly it's almost torture in itself. Worse still, he can't drop the doll on his lap causing his legs to go unpleasantly numb. Also, also he needs to pee. And despite being tied up with human intestines he had an intense craving for noodles right now.

Ah, wasn't he meant to be beautiful moonlight to these freaks? Why are they treating their male goddess like this? No wonder they all had to resort to trying to fuck human dolls.

After a few minutes of this discomfort, he's already considering asking Bebe to knock himself unconscious. He's not sure he'll be able to fall asleep by himself and Jia Hyson has a feeling none of these cultists are willing to stop their chanting to help out with his problems. However he quickly dismisses the idea. While he couldn't afford to buy a decent demonic soul cultivation book (3000 p) it's not too difficult to deduce that a stronger malevolent soul required a vast amount of negative energy for its strength. Therefore, the more despair and resentment Jia Hyson would feel before his death would provide a strong foundation for him in the future.

Gritting his teeth, he suffers through the night.

Soon the time for bathing in the moonlight with his future doll body had passed and the covered in clay part of the ritual began. Jia Hyson's gag was thankfully pulled off at the time and he was given some water and food. He had been forced to eat and drink from everyone's hands, and even a few mouths, making him furious and disgusted.

They were going to ruin his body and soul, did they have to ruin his kinks too?! Bondage, pet play, imprisonment play, hand-feeding, it's all been tarnished! This was really too cruel!

If they were all handsome maybe Jia Hyson wouldn't be feeling so wrathful, but everyone insisted on wearing cloaks and face masks, only their hands were revealed. He doesn't have a hand fetish!

Bebe: _ '...Now Bebe wants to vomit for other reasons.'

Once fed, they provided a bottle for Jia Hyson to relieve himself with. As someone who is thin-skinned with strangers, this was truly distressing for him. If they were one night stands it would be different but since they weren't, he could feel himself burn with shame that wasn't even remotely pleasurable. He felt even more repulsed as he watched them bottle up after he's finished, treating it like some sort of precious trophy. How come other hosts of systems get to become powerful kings or cultivators and he gets to piss in a bottle for perverted cultists? Isn't the gap between them too big?

Once done, Jia Hyson dully watches as the cultists leave, neither accepting or rejecting the reverent forehead kisses each cultist presses onto him behind they go. Only the leader, Professor Shen Wu, lingers behind, revealing his bare face to him. As expected, the professor is old, but Jia Hyson could tell that he was in fairly good shape, he had clearly been a healthy and handsome man when he was young. However, his personality had been similar to Bai Li Wei's quiet and a little reclusive which was probably why Bai Li Wei felt so comfortable around the man, treating him sincerely as both a mentor and a father figure. Even now Jia Hyson could feel Bai Li Wei's lingering feelings of disbelief, hurt, betrayal, fear and malice.

"Bai Li Wei..." Professor Shen calls out softly, his genuine concern and affection making his skin crawl. Jia Hyson knows his stalkers, he's groomed two and dated three, so he knows roughly where the tipping point before obsessive stalker and delusional murdering psycho is. And this Professor Shen has gone so far off it's a wonder how he can still teach classes with all the crazy in his head. "Are you okay?" Jia Hyson shudders again. There's nothing scarier than a murderer who truly doesn't understand their wrongs.

Jia Hyson couldn't help but feel a little amused that his experience in handling stalkers was going to be so useful here. For the really delusional ones like Professor Shen, it would be best to work with the man's delusions. Breaking it by being hostile and aggressively crude may turn the old man violent or even worse. Biting his lips he looks up at the man pitifully, "Professor," he hoarsely calls out in a small trembling voice, "Professor I'm scared,"

Professor Shen sighs, looking heartbroken over his beloved student's state, gently he caresses his cheeks with the back of his hand. "I know Li Wei, if there was any other way I would take it immediately,"

He tries to hold back his disbelief at this man's words. Wasn't the professor an esteemed man of science? Was he serious? Jia Hyson had to hold himself back from spitting on this asshole. Instead, he forces tears to surge up in his eyes. Despite crying for hours and sitting in a chair tied up by slowly rotting intestines, he still looks ethereally beautiful. Jia Hyson had Bebe take a photo of himself and even he had been entranced. Professor Shen really had no chance as he bore the weight of that tragic yet stunning gaze.

Unfortunately, for people like Professor Shen, what he felt was not guilt but a deeper need to follow through with the plan. He firmly believed that such purity and loveliness should not be given a chance to be ruined by the world, to stay beautiful forever. While it hurt him, he truly felt that in the long run, he had made the best choice. Jia Hyson wasn't aware that he had strengthened the old man's resolve, he was used to being the source of obsession and manipulating the twisted emotions of love and desire to eventually bend to his will. However, what the professor was interested in was beauty, not the person itself.

Before Jia Hyson could even say his piece, a flash hit his eyes, disrupting his thoughts. For a moment his mind went blank, then he became enraged. Professor Shen ignored Jia Hyson's ugly expression as he was too busy waiting patiently for his polaroid camera photo to finish drying out. Looking at the resulting photo, the old man's eyes light up and his breath quickens."Gorgeous," He breathes out before glancing at Jia Hyson again. By this time he had already wiped the agitation off his face, however, the fierce hatred and humiliation in his eyes couldn't fade completely. Professor Shen doesn't seem to notice or care, smiling at him like a proud teacher. "Li Wei, don't worry, I assure you that I wouldn't let you become anything less than a masterpiece."

"Sir, please- mphh!" Jia Hyson gags as the man's lips press onto his own for a moment, similar to the forehead kisses but far less chaste, before Professor Shen leaves with a shy expression that truly didn't belong to an old crazy person like him. Jia Hyson waits until he was sure that the man was gone before spitting furiously and trying to wipe his lips furiously on his shoulder. "Fuck!"

At this point, maybe burning to death wasn't so bad right now.




Before the day ends, at sunset, Professor Shen came back with the potion that is meant to harden Jia Hyson's skin. He had honestly forgotten about that but to be fair, he had been sure that he was meant to ingest it at dawn, not dusk. It's not like it mattered much though. The potion only served to further severe his soul's connection with the body, making leaving it easier as well as bring another level of fear to the victim.

Jia Hyson happily swallows it down. Not only could he leave the body quicker, it also has the effect of hardening his muscles and numbing his nerves. It won't be enough to improve his pain tolerance unfortunately, but it would certainly alleviate the backache he has from sitting so long. Immediately though he scrunches up his face at the awful taste. It's bitter, acrid and he's fairly sure he swallowed half a nail.

Ah, to go from eating food made from the protagonist and male lead of a gourmet story to swallowing down a potion that he's fairly sure contains crushed porcupine quills and the ground up teeth of a stud horse, his cute little tongue truly felt very wronged.

Professor Shen chuckles softly at his expression, dotingly stroking his hair as Jia Hyson forces himself not to vomit and continue drinking. "I know it's rather unappetising but I'm so proud of you for drinking so obediently,"

"Un," Jia Hyson was pretty proud of himself as well. It was a truly nasty thing to ingest. He hates himself for not making the potion a magical doughnut or something. With wide eyes he looks adoringly at the professor, "Professor Shen, may I have something sweet?"

"Of course Li Wei," The older man says indulgently, "I already knew you were going to ask that so I came prepared," With a little flourish Professor Shen pulls out a lollipop from inside his robe. Jia Hyson truly doesn't understand why Professor Shen has to keep wearing the robe around him, it was like why all the cultists were wearing full-face masks despite the fact it was clear they all knew each other and Jia Hyson was in no position to play whistleblower.

"Thank you," he demurs gratefully before coyly opening his mouth like a trusting little lamb. He can hear the way Professor Shen's breath quickens in excitement which only gets faster as he gently slides the lollipop against Jia Hyson's pink tongue. After a moment of letting the pervert play a little Jia Hyson decides enough was enough and closes his mouth to properly suck the candy, eyes brightening at the sweet vanilla taste.

Jia Hyson: 'This old bastard may be off his rocker but he has damn good candy.'

Bebe: 'Of course, how else could he lure kids into his white van?'

As he quietly sucked on his lollipop, savouring what may be his very last meal, a group of cultists finally arrive with large amounts of clay and blood in hand.

Now Jia Hyson didn't have claustrophobia. While sports wasn't his forte he liked caving and scuba diving. He's gone into quite a few caves and crawled into more than his fair share of underwater tunnels and shipwrecks while scuba diving in his original lifetime and traveling around as Adrian in his free time. However as he watches helplessly on while everyone quickly covers his body in clay, he can't help but feel his throat constrict at the idea of being shut inside like this. It was no longer claustrophobia if you were actually being buried alive with clay.

How ironic. The mission he had accepted to get rid of his depression temporarily is going to be the source of a whole new batch of unhealthy psychological problems.

"Pl- please stohp.." he begs through slurred words as the potion has begun to kick in, stiffening his body. Even though he knew what was going to happen, even though he had prepared himself as best he could and was aware that he wouldn't actually die, it was like lightening was coursing through his nerves as his heart suffocated in ice cold fear. Now that it's almost time, how could he not feel afraid?

However even Jia Hyson had to admit to himself that these people were beyond hope. If one of them suddenly developed a conscious and tried to argue for his life right at this moment, it would be a sign that merciful gods do exists and had overthrown the terrible author god of this world for the sake of peace, love and justice! He waits for a moment to see if this is the case before going back to crying in despair as nothing but fanatical excitement was found in these cultists' eyes. Not even a little bit of guilt, remorse or unease. Fuck, mob cultists in the horror genre were so perversely tenacious in their beliefs. It was almost admirable if it wasn't, you know, utterly insane.

The clay must be freshly kneaded with blood so the metallic scent was strong enough to make Jia Hyson a little dizzy as disgustingly warm clay moulds against his skin, even squishing between his toes making it feel incredibly vile.

Jia Hyson: 'This is worse than having sex in a slime pit.'  

Bebe: 'Wtf is a- never mind, Bebe doesn't want to know.'

By the time they began to slather the clay onto his neck, Jia Hyson felt so pushed to the mental limits he's actually done a 180 and somehow felt the clay bodybag he was trapped in was actually quite comfortable.

Jia Hyson: 'You know, I heard people use clay for spa treatments. Helps nourish the skin and all.'

Bebe: '..I heard fire makes good pot roast. Cooks the meat and all.'

Jia Hyson: ...

Unsympathetic to Jia Hyson's pitiful cries, the cultists continue to pad more clay onto his body. Despite being unmoved by Jia Hyson's tears, their face-loving obsessions clearly shine through as they leave his face for last. With handfuls of the disgusting substance they pause to take a look at their work, their eyes through their masks glinting in admiration. Jia Hyson stops crying, knowing it was no use, instead he stares hatefully at all of them.

"Li Wei, do you have any last words?" Professor Shen asks softly, it was unnerving how kind he sounded even now. Jia Hyson knows he himself isn't the most empathetic person on earth, but it truly baffled and enraged him how remorseless these people were. "Any last things to say? Don't worry, we will make sure to write them down in order to keep your words engraved in our hearts and for the future generation of the Caged Flower Society."

Ugh, he can't believe he's going to die by the hands of something called the Caged Flower Society.

Jia Hyson pauses at those words before smiling. With his face even the fakest smile would still feel like a spring breeze to the most intuitive of men. "You'll really write down my last words and keep them forever in your hearts?"

Mesmerised, Professor Shen nods as well as the others. Even though Jia Hyson's attempts to invoke pity as well as plays at seduction failed to produce any traitors to the cult, it did succeed in furthering their delusions and their obsession toward the young man.

"Good, good, then I won't hold back then," Jia Hyson nods amiably before he opens his mouth again to scream, "YOU FUCKING DIPSHIT LUNATICS! GO SUCK A COW VAGINA AND CHOKE ON THE SHIT OF A MILLION FLIES! WHY DO YOU EVEN BOTHER TO WEAR MASKS, YOU ALL ARE PROBABLY UGLY ENOUGH THAT I WOULDN'T DARE LOOK DIRECTLY AT YOUR FUGLY FACES IN THE FIRST PLACE! I WOULD SAY YOU ALL ARE OVERCOMPENSATING FOR SOMETHING BUT SINCE YOU ALL ARE THE BIGGEST DICKS I HAVE EVER SEEN CLEARLY THAT IS NOT THE CASE! I HOPE YOU ALL DIE HORRIBLE DEATHS! I WANT YOU TO LOSE EVERYTHING YOU HAVE EVER VALUED AND LOVED AND TO SEE YOU CRAWL IN THE MUD IN UTTER DESPAIR, NO, TO SQUIRM IN THE SHIT YOU BELONG IN LIKE THE DISGUSTING MAGGOTS YOU ARE! I CURSE YOU ALL TO LIVE RUINED LIVES AND SUFFER EVEN IN HELL YOU COCKSUCKIN-"

At this point Jia Hyson had to take a deep breath of air. Even though his lungs were almost out of oxygen, he felt as light as air. It had been hard to keep all his grievances in, and now that he was about to suffer a fate worse than death in a few minutes anyway he can let everything out now. Before he was afraid of being raped or tortured but now, now was the perfect time to tell them how he really feels.

'Host, you...' Bebe's voice trails off for a moment before its voice becomes lively and vicious, 'If you don't make at least one of these assholes cry I'll be disappointed in you!' 

Jia Hyson smiles wider, his face as sweet and delicate as a white rose petal while his delicate looking mouth spills out words of hatred and vitriol like a toxic waterfall. "-I pray that you all die I pray to every fucking god that you all die horribly. That you will suffer and feel every single moment of your death looming closer and that every second will be filled of nothing but pain and regret and loneliness and you will be lonely because everyone hates you, loathes you, you are nothing but disgusting selfish narcissistic chauvinistic pigs who are blind to anybody but yourself and your delusions. To think you actually believe what you're doing is anything close to helping humanity makes me laugh! Even beasts know they're beasts you know? But you lunatics are worse than beasts, you're all monsters!" Jia Hyson laughs as he watches the cultists tremble under their beloved white moonlight's sincere curses.

Finally one of the weaker ones couldn't take it anymore, with a loud cry the cultist shoved his handful of clay into Jia Hyson's face. Not expecting the sudden attack, Jia Hyson choked back his next words which may or may not have related to amputation of various limbs, especially the ones between their legs, and coughed miserably as some of the sludge went into his mouth and eyes. This seemed to finally trigger the rest out of their daze and with shouts of indigence and rage they plastered him with the clay, shouting foul and cruel names toward him like it was Jia Hyson who had commented such a heinous deed of tricking them like this.

His eyes stung, his mouth was filled with dirt and blood and his ears were filled with disgusting words from even more disgusting people. Even if he could've screamed, which he couldn't have, Jia Hyson was sure he wouldn't have even been heard. It was in this pathetic state where he was unceremoniously pushed into the fiery oven.

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has increased to Level 2!]

With the thick clay protecting him, Jia Hyson wasn't immediately set aflame, however helplessly he realises instead of it being a mercy it only increased the severity of his suffering. Jia Hyson could feel the heat surrounding him slowly increase, from warm, to hot, to sweltering before jumping straight to physically unbearable. Jia Hyson tries to twist and turn but with every surface being hot enough to cook his flesh he had no where to escape, every movement mercilessly painful and yet he had no choice but to twist and thrash in a useless bid to escape under the fire's tyranny.

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has increased to Level 3!]

Soon the intense heat made it so just pressing his skin for too long would make it stick there like meat in a frying pan without oil. By this time Jia Hyson was screaming incoherently, his fallen tears sizzling as they leave his eyes. With his already limited movement in the clay cocoon he could no longer move an inch, his flesh already stuck and slowly but surely cooking through. The pain was unimaginable.

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has increased to Level 4!]

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has increased to Level 5!]

[Ding, ding! Unlocked Malevolent Intent level 1! Congratulations! Let your victims shiver in your terrible presence!]

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has increased to Level 2!]

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has increased to Level 3!]

His senses from where his body parts were touching the clay had already burnt away and the heat was slowly moving inwards to completely roast his entire body. Jia Hyson could not even cry, he tried to scream but to his terror he couldn't even make a sound anymore, his mouth completely dried out. The most terrifying part of this madness was that no matter how badly he was being burnt he knew he wouldn't die. He had stupidly drawn inspiration from Phalaris's Brazen Bull for this torture, where one would have to endure at least the ten minutes of sheer agony it would take to lose all the fluids from one's body! By the end of it Jia Hyson couldn't even breath as the smoke from the fire and his own cooked flesh filled the insides of the cocoon.

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has increased to Level 6!]

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has increased to Level 4!]

Even amongst the blinding terror and pain of his last moment's alive he could swear he heard the laughter of his tormentors outside. Jia Hyson hysterically smiled through his torment, his resentment the only thing he could cling onto.

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has increased to Level 7!]

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has increased to Level 8!]

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has increased to Level 9!]

Finally, mercifully, he died.

Similar to his first time getting murdered, it was a feeling of pain before eventually a merciful darkness takes over his senses. Of course the pain of being stabbed and bleeding out was nothing compared to the sheer excruciating agony of being roasted alive but still. It's nice to know death itself felt the same in the end.

When he awakens Jia Hyson could already tell the ritual worked. Even as his vision slowly comes back into focus, like seeing through murky water, he can tell that he was no longer human. He couldn't blink, and there was a distinct feeling of disharmony within his spirit and his new body. He felt disjointed and a sense of wrongness emanating from his very being.

Like a boat anchored in a coral reef during a storm, Jia Hyson's soul wanted to move but couldn't, and even if it could it knew it would greatly damaging the only thing keeping it adrift. When coral breaks it would take years to grow back. Porcelain does not have that luxury.

He shudders, the memory of being encased in clay and burnt alive still far too fresh in his memory and while all he feels now is the coldness of a doll's body, the constrictive feeling seemed to constantly remind him of how he got here in the first place. Jia Hyson really wanted to strangle his past self who laughed so evilly as he wrote how this bullshit human doll ritual always eventually ended in failure because every soul broke down at having to live in something that constantly reminded them of their last torturous moments alive.

Jia Hyson: 'The worst part of this is that I'm tempted to write something much worse to vent my emotions QAQ'

Bebe: '...'




As his vision clears Jia Hyson realizes he's no longer in the room where the ritual was held, instead he seemed to be sitting on a soft, ornate doll bed. While he can't physically turn his head with his current weakened status since the doll was merely an anchor for his soul, after some struggling and adjustment his spirit managed to wriggle out of the doll's head to survey the surroundings. It seems, after some testing, that he currently cannot separate completely from the doll, most of his spiritual body was still stuck inside even after much effort, his soul compressed into something black and gaseous.

While it's not much, it's enough to see that the room was filled with beauty and extravagant luxury.

And dolls.

Jia Hyson wants to cry. Just because he happens to be a doll now doesn't mean he's immediately over his fears of them! If anything it got worse since now it's confirmed that ghosts can haunt dolls! If anyone ever says otherwise he will slap them!

"This world... is really too cruel," Jia Hyson sighs. To live as one of his greatest fears... who did he offend in his past life to have such amazing luck?

Bebe: 'Do you want Bebe to list them alphabetically or according to level of hostility toward Host?'

Jia Hyson: '...' His System has gotten better at talking back recently.

Actually, where was Bebe? Since he has no physical body anymore, Jia Hyson didn't keep any accessories that he had worn beforehand. His spirit was weak and didn't even have defined features as well. When trying to push out of his vessel he noted that he was barely a silhouette of his former self, a hazy outline that could fade away at any second. Sticking his right hand out of the doll, he could tell there was no bangle present.

"Look at the doll," Bebe patiently says, prompting his gaze toward his vessel's body. His metaphorical eye twitches at the small silver bracelet glinting on the doll's right wrist. It seemed no matter what form, the physical body will always carry Bebe.

Bebe: 'Bebe will be with host.. foreveer-'

 

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe, you forget, it's not me trapped with you, it's you trapped with me-' 

Bebe: '...'   Host, you may not like this world but Bebe truly believes you suit it quite well ah.

"Anyway," Jia Hyson changes the subject as he looks around again. Despite the disturbing amount of dolls and doll-related objects it was infinitely more aesthetically appealing than the murder basement. "Where am I? How long have I been out?"

"Around two weeks," Bebe answers, "Your soul needed some time to properly assimilate into an unknown object, not to mention need time to recover from the trauma as well. Bebe was honestly surprised you woke up so fast."

"What can I say? My body is made for all types of fun  "

Bebe felt speechless at how easily his host can go back to being so shameless, will he die if he doesn't make some sort of perverse joke? "Didn't your body burn into a crisp?"

Jia Hyson felt speechless at how ignorant his system was. Will it die if it doesn't correct him?

One host and one system, both on two different wavelengths, could no longer bear to communicate with each other.

Under Jia Hyson's order, Bebe busied itself with gathering information about the current decade as well as if any of the evil spirits haunting the demon house in the future are currently present. The setting of the story is about fifteen years away so Jia Hyson has an even longer time to set the foundations than in the previous world. Meanwhile Jia Hyson focused on trying to figure out how to gather enough energy and strength to move his doll body.

It was.. a work in progress.

Because of how the doll body was both an embodiment of one of his major fears as well as a reminder of his burning coffin ending, Jia Hyson was understandably uncomfortable in it. Settling into the body to him was like struggling to put on a scratchy woollen jumpsuit five sizes too small, it was hard to concentrate on anything but the jumpsuit and eventually you'll either be squeezed out or scratching so hard the clothes tear off... the metaphor went a bit astray there.

In fact, Jia Hyson had made more progress leaving the doll than controlling it. Now he could force his entire arm or leg out and away from his vessel before the almost magnetic pull becomes too much to resist against.

Like Bebe had said beforehand, Bai Li Wei's stats had changed once he had become a ghost, adding new skills to the list in a blood red font. Unfortunately for Jia Hyson, the stats were really just as bad as before. Skills such as Curse Production, Possession, Deathly Jinxes, Transparency and Tangibility Control and Optical Illusions were all below below 20 points.

As for skills like producing ghost fire... not even Jia Hyson can fault the big fat 0 value next to it. Even if he had previously thought it would be an amazing power to wield, in this lifetime he had to grudgingly admit he wouldn't be able to stomach using it even if he could have.

However it wasn't all hopeless. It seemed Jia Hyson had a few rather high values in four skills: Hair control, Eye for an Eye, Alluring Beguilement and Heart's sway. All of these skills were roughly valued at 40 to 65 points. Hair control was a versatile, not to mention classic ghost ability which can be used offensively and defensively. Eye for an Eye may not be as good as full Possession or Optical Illusion but the high value allows Jia Hyson to be able to see through other people's eyes and, to some extent manipulate their visual senses. Finally Alluring Beguilement and Heart's Sway were Jia Hyson's strongest ghostly skills at 63 and 66 respectively, as implicated, it gives him the ability to more easily see people's inner demons and convince and manipulate them using this.

Not to mention his special skills were rather interesting. Not particularly useful per say but interesting. [Psychotic Break] now was activated in passive mode which allowed Jia Hyson to see the details. [Psychotic Break] is a skill that levels up under times of extreme stress, trauma and various other negative influences both external and internal. It allows the owner to nurture a more abnormal mindset, encouraging feelings of apathy, resentment and cruelty as well as minimise the feelings of pain, hurt and fear. While it may be promoting Jia Hyson's sociopathic and violent thoughts and tendencies to a worrying level, it is also the main reason why his mind hadn't broken from everything yet, allowing him to retain his rationality and glib personality. Luckily, while the effect won't completely go away, if given a long enough period of peace and exposure to positive influences, [Psychotic Break] can regress back to level 1.

[Malevolent Intent] is a special skill that unlocked after [Psychotic Break] reached level 5. It increases with the accumulation of the user's negative emotions and malicious thoughts and helps recycle some of this negativity into energy the user can use. Without this skill, the average ghost could probably only convert 1-3% into energy and would need to take at least two years before they could produce enough power to become even a little tangible. In hindsight it does explain why some ghosts in movies take decades before they become active enough to scare a bunch of tweens. However, with [Malevolent Intent] Jia Hyson can now efficiently convert 5% of his negativity and any absorbed yin energy into pure spiritual power. Each level up will increase this efficiency by 1%.

Given these benefits and that Jia Hyson's new stats were still rather new, he decided to refrain from redistributing his points for now. After all, he had such a long time to slowly accumulate points manually anyway.

They spend the next few days like this in relative silence as they focus on their respective tasks. However unlike Bebe, Jia Hyson's task was neither fun nor satisfying which resulted in him procrastinating and Bebe having to stop its own research to nag him resulting in a lot of insults. Despite it being a relatively mundane pattern they've gotten into, Jia Hyson felt a little comforted by it and was slowly getting used to spending longer times in the doll.

One day, the pattern was broken as the door to the room opened. For a moment, Jia Hyson froze in panic before he remembered he was a weak ghost that couldn't be noticed even if he tried. However after relaxing his nerves they soon tensed once again, not with surprise this time but with hatred.

Professor Shen walks slowly toward him, taking the time to admire and caress each doll he passes. Sometimes he would stop to adjust their outfits or gently dust some gathering dust off them. It was like he genuinely loved these pale imitations of humanity.

Finally Professor Shen reaches the heart of the room, stopping right in front of Jia Hyson with admiring and lustful eyes. Unlike the other dolls, Jia Hyson had his own space, a pedestal really, surrounded by various high quality doll goods, clothing and anything ornate and pretty. Even his clothing, a high collar traditional chinese robe, looked soft and silky, the golden dragons even seemed hand stitched. It was clear the professor still held his beauty in high regards. As much as it disgusted Jia Hyson, he had to admit it was a rather useful position to be in.

"Ah, Li Wei, I'm so sorry I haven't come to see you for so long," Professor Shen apologises with a regretful smile, "Work and family matters you see? I hope you didn't miss me too much,"

Jia Hyson raises a spectral middle finger to the man. Ah, he can't wait to gain enough power to rip this fuck to shreds. No, no, he has to be patient. Revenge is like orgasm denial. And Jia Hyson is a pro at being a tease.

Bebe: '... _ Bebe hates that Bebe actually understood that.'

Jia Hyson:  

"You really are just as beautiful as your original," Professor Shen sighs as he strokes the cold surface of Jia Hyson's porcelain cheeks with wistful yearning, "It's a pity that Li Wei had such a disgusting personality. To think he had hidden it from all of us. Even I didn't see through it, if I did I would've never proposed to use that two-faced slut for such an important ritual."

Jia Hyson: ...hehe

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has increased to Level 10!]

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has reached Level 10! Activating new special skill Psychotic Breakdown (Active) Level 1! Feel free to activate it and strangle me anytime!]

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has increased to Level 5!]

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has reached Level 5! Activating new special skill If Looks Could Kill (Active) Level 1! Ah, to die under your gaze is my greatest pleasure!]

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has reached Level 5! Activating new special skill Cruel Caress (Active) Level 1! Even though it hurts, I can't help but shiver in anticipation for your touch!]

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe... I didn't know you felt this way...'

Bebe: 'Fuck off, upper management upgraded the skill notifications when you were unconscious.   Now all of them come with slogans.'

Jia Hyson: 'Oh, well, in that case... can you give the one who came up with those slogans my number?'  

Bebe: 'You want me to invite another pervert here? Why don't you just ask me to go screw myself over instead?! Hell no!' )

Jia Hyson's mouth twitches at the vehemence in his system's tone. 'I'm surprised they even allowed this to pass,' he comments mildly. Bebe made a huffing sound of irritation.

'Since it's unusual for hosts to play ghost roles like this, the standards for describing related skills was probably lower.' Bebe explains, before adding in a bitter, low voice, 'Besides, this was most likely done by Overlord Li Jun.'

Jia Hyson raises his nonexistent eyebrow in interest at the title and name. He's heard a lot about overseers which act as the management and logistics behind the systems but overlord sounds far more dominant. Not to mention, if Bebe could recognize one of these overlords from words alone that would imply Bebe had more connections then he had thought. 'Overlord?'

'It's a status higher than overseer,' Bebe says after some hesitation. Even though it was embarrassed for making such a slip up, it wasn't like it could take it back now. 'In our hierarchy there's the normal systems, the more specialized systems like Bebe, the overseers that manage the systems, the Overlords that look over the Overseers and issue any law enforcement required, and finally there's those with the God code called the Nobility. However those systems don't come out that often so Bebe isn't that familiar with their functions.'

'So they're a bit like the royal family in a democratic country,' Jia Hyson muses. He's got to admit, he had never really put too much thought about how the world of the systems run. It was definitely a fascinating topic. A pity that Bebe seemed unwilling to divulge anymore, Jia Hyson would have liked to hear more about this God code and how one can become an Overseer or an Overlord. Since they're all systems with extremely advanced AIs it is quite amazing to imagine how their societal constructs had been fabricated.

Meanwhile Professor Shen had picked him up, stroking his hair like Jia Hyson was his most precious child while slowly stripping him off his clothing like his most beloved lover. Jia Hyson watches the old man do all this with a disdainful gaze which only worsened as he notes that his naked doll body was incredibly anatomically correct.

'I wonder which one of those cultists made this body?' Jia Hyson muses as he observes as a wrinkled finger perversely strokes the little porcelain bird (slang for cock lol) between those porcelain legs. 'I need to take some special care in 'thanking' them.'

'You know, say what you want about these freaks but Bebe is impressed by the amount of effort and money they put into this,' Bebe also comments as they both stare judgementally at Professor Shen who was now giving the doll a sponge bath. 'He's using a limited edition branded body wash, the bowl he's using is carved from pure jade and it seems like Host's new clothes is custom-made.'

'Ah, you're right,' Jia Hyson nods seriously in agreement, 'Professor Shen has been so good to me, it would be a shame to not give the same amount of effort in return. But first, let me try out one of my new skills...'

Concentrating, Jia Hyson activates [Cruel Caress] and suddenly he felt a little more tangible. Less like a gust of cold air and more akin to a heavy mist. It wasn't enough to move anything larger than a hair really but it was enough to be felt. When the professor reaches out toward him, Jia Hyson grabs the man's outstretched hand, making him pause momentarily. He felt a rush of glee and victory at being able to interact with the physical world again, even if it was a barely negligible amount.

Professor Shen on the other hand frowns, retreating his hand and flexing it with mild confusion. For a moment he felt a tingling cold, like he had stuck his hand in the fridge. He doesn't ponder upon it for long as a female voice calls out for him outside the room. "Brother Shen! Are you in here? Dinner is ready!"

For a moment his face darkens, it is probably the most angry Jia Hyson has ever seen him to be honest. What was a little unnerving was despite his expression his voice still came out mild and agreeable, "Thank you for telling me, I'll be down soon."

"Well you better be ah! Li Du and his kid are coming soon and I want to make a good impression!"

Professor Shen's face twists even further, a mixture of anger, nerves and trepidation. Despite that what comes out his mouth still sounded amiable, "Of course, of course! Give me two minutes!"

Finally the sounds of retreating footsteps were heard. Professor Shen glances at the door and sneers, "Noisy parasite, I'm surprised she even managed to attract a man. Then again, this Li Du probably has his own defects given he's been divorced twice."

Jia Hyson snorts. Tough words for a single old man with a doll room.

Professor Shen quickly dresses Jia Hyson up, looking regretful that he couldn't savour the process like before. Finally he gives him a soft kiss on the lips before reluctantly leaving. Once the door closes Jia Hyson hears a locking sound. It seems the man is more careful when guests are around.

Left alone, Jia Hyson stares at the door thoughtfully.

Then he smiles.

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has increased to Level 6!]




Patience is a virtue that many do not attribute to Jia Hyson. He gets bored easily, he gets anxious easily, he loses his concentration easily... none of these attributes were very good indicators of patience.

However despite that, Jia Hyson can be a very patient person if he wanted to be.

Since the first time Li Du, Professor Shen's much younger sister's boyfriend, came for dinner the first time almost nine months have passed. Jia Hyson had enough power to become tangible and even visible for short periods of time and thanks to Professor Shen's infuriating presence, his special and non-special skills have improved quite a bit. This was especially so when the man brought his cult buddies over to admire him. Jia Hyson found, that even though it wasn't necessarily enough to increase the level of his special skills anymore, the resentment and hatred that festers inside him during these times produced enough malevolent energy to increase some of his normal skill values by themselves.

Interestingly there was no set pattern to this growth, sometimes every ghost skill had increased a little and other times only a select few skills benefited. Once, after watching Professor Shen shatter a nearby doll in a pique of frustration, the fright and helpless fear of it happening to himself had been unexpectedly enough to give him 3 whole skill points toward Optical Illusion.

In regards to the Shen household, Jia Hyson had grasped the dynamics of it more or less thanks to Professor Shen's venting. Professor Shen, or Shen Yi, has a sister at least thirty years his junior. His father had remarried a much younger women and against most odds was granted a child, producing a rather awkward family situation. Professor Shen, despite everything, is a deeply introverted, weak-willed and thin-skinned person, especially when he was younger. So despite being disgusted and mortified by the whole thing he could only hold it in.

With his own high EQ and the skill Heart's Sway, Jia Hyson could infer that the harassment, gossip and problems with the Shen family dynamics was one of the reasons why Professor Shen wasn't fond of starting a real relationship, choosing instead to devote himself to something much less fickle and uncontrollable. You know, like dolls and black magic.

Even the smallest seed can grow into a tree. For someone else, having a strained relationship with family may not cause much of a ripple in their lives but for Professor Shen it was an important turning point. Jia Hyson also assumes that the new wife wasn't very pleasant either, after all, not many people would marry a wealthy man twice their age with a son older than them for pure motives.

The half-sister, Shen Wan, at the very least seemed to be okay, if a little noisy and naggy. With such a boisterous younger sister like that, she was most likely spoilt and probably walked all over Professor Shen when they were younger and still did to this day. Since no one was allowed into the doll room, Jia Hyson's only interaction with her was when she shouted in front of the door or listening to her yell around the house. She had a very loud voice, very good set of lungs. Sometimes he contemplates reaching into her mouth, pulling them out of her throat and see how she screams then but he quickly shelves that thought away.

Jia Hyson wasn't very worried about these sort of homicidal thoughts, his imagination was a little more overactive and twisted than most, but he was a little worried at the increasing frequency these days. And the uncontrollable urge to maim that comes with it.

'Bebe is also very worried,' Bebe comments dryly. If the system was capable of sleep, it was sure that it would be wrecked with nightmares thanks to all of it's Host's horrific fantasies. It was not impressed by the lung scene especially. Especially the detail. Ugh.

Anyway, Shen Wan met Li Du at work. Classic office romance. Possibly love at first sight. Jia Hyson doesn't know the details but he is aware that Professor Shen deeply disproves of it. A man who is divorced twice with a child... it probably tapped at that sore spot quite nicely.

Whatever work they did though doesn't seem to pay much nor was looked highly upon by the Professor, so part-timers, eco-warriors, artists... something like that. By the eighth month after Li Du had his first dinner there he and his child began to make preparations to move in. Of course Professor Shen, who was barely restraining his indignation at still taking care of his fully adult sister, was greatly dissatisfied with this turn of events.

To be fair, Jia Hyson couldn't blame him in this. He would be pissed too if his freeloading half-sister suddenly brought in her boyfriend and kid to live with him with nary a forewarning. Professor Shen destroyed three dolls and then yelled at Jia Hyson about how inconsiderate and selfish his sister is the day they broke the news. Honestly, Jia Hyson was a little afraid the old man would crack before he got a shot at it.

Li Du, Jia Hyson personally is unsure of, his son even more so. He didn't know their ages, their personality or their opinions in regards to the Shens. He didn't even know the kid's name. Professor Shen only refers to him as 'The Boy'. Obviously the child wasn't very pretty or the Professor wouldn't be so aloof in regards to him. Honestly, he felt a little relieved at that little blessing in disguise. He didn't have the power to open the door right now much less protect a child from molestation and he doesn't trust the adults to notice anything amiss. After all, a common theme in horror is humans being the scariest monster of them all. An intelligent, competent and genuinely kindhearted person that wasn't a protagonist, main love interest or dead by Act 2 was harder to find than a unicorn in the apocalypse.

However, with Li Du and his child moving in, so does opportunity.

Professor Shen is quiet and kindly on the outside, only in the doll room can he confidently express his true self. The man is mad and violent, venting his darkness in the room and filling it with his negative energy. A room with no windows, almost constant darkness and only used to expel a frenzy of evil emotions and intents... In short, it was the best environment to nurture a malicious spirit.

Jia Hyson: 'Wanting my tormentor to yell and stimulate me more before leaving me alone in the dark... my M side is really showing ah.'

Bebe:  

By the ninth month the Li duo had officially moved in to the Shen residence. Professor Shen has been constantly on edge, especially since apparently the kid was in some sort of rebellious phase. Jia Hyson hasn't seen the house but given that Professor Shen was a prissy scholarly douchebag who valued aesthetics over human lives and happened to be a valued Professor, it wasn't too far out of the realm of disbelief to think that his home was filled with expensive antiques perfect for two intruders to accidentally touch or intentionally dirty.

In the week alone after the Li kid moved in Jia Hyson had accumulated enough spiritual energy to at least unlock and lock the door. Jia Hyson was truly in awe. Even with his sad attempts to rile the old man up by moving things and producing cold spots he had been brushed off in the typical 'there's a scientific explanation' or 'I must be getting old' excuse. He only earned, at most, a measly two or three skill points for his own hard work in a month. As a literal ghost he feels ashamed.

Jia Hyson: 'The power of an irritating brat was something that can not be underestimated.'

Gleefully, Jia Hyson decides to start his plan after a few more tries of unlocking and locking the door. Unlike moving something, door unlocking required finesse and control as well as being a certain distance away meaning he had to either move his physical form closer or be able to separate freely from said physical form, both methods exert a huge amount of energy for him currently. Ah, how is it in supernatural stories everyone is already so overpowered? Where are the stories about weak underdog ghosts and their struggle for revenge?

Nowadays he can separate from the doll and move it around both internally and externally like a puppet. However the distance he can leave the doll was one to two meters at most abs even then he could only stand to be separated for a few minutes before his spirit begins to feel strained and tired. It's better when the lights are off or when it rains since the yin energy is stronger during these times. Still, it's not very impressive. Jia Hyson sort of understands now why so many ghosts in the actual story didn't seem to do very much for so long. It wasn't that they were incompetent, it was because the spiritual power conversion was too fucking cruel!

Author god! Have mercy on us poor wretched souls! Jia Hyson feels like a big fish in a small puddle, there simply was too little resources to grow on!

'It seems the world has interpreted the author's story to suggest that the world lacks more spiritual energy than most supernatural worlds.' Bebe comments, 'No matter how badly written a story is, if it becomes a world the world will naturally try its best to fill whatever plot holes it can. In a way it does make Host's job easier.'

'Too bad it's really screwing me over,' Jia Hyson groans. After locking the door for third consecutive time, he was already feeling exhausted and drained. It was better than the last time where he had pushed himself to the limits and blacked out for a day. For the sake of being an asshole he uses the little energy he has to rattle and bang on the door before going back to recuperate in the doll, satisfied in his heart as he hears the sounds of footsteps running up and the frantic nervous whispering of Shen Wan on the phone.

Ever since her boyfriend moved in she's been at home babysitting the kid since it was the holiday period, which, was a little not cool on Li Du's part but whatever. Professor Shen was also currently out on a conference. This left Shen Wan and Li Du's child alone in the house. Jia Hyson has been a very good ghost and made sure to rattle the door and occasionally make various sounds like scratches, and quiet crying with intermittent 'it hurts', 'help me's and 'why's to unnerve the sister and kid.

He knows it's psychotic to treat this as some sort of training session, but there's not even the smallest trace of guilt as he listens into Shen Wan's fearful mutterings and pacing footsteps. In fact, Jia Hyson only felt disappointment instead, for not being able to see the woman's descent into paranoid madness in person. Fuck, he's so bored stuck in a dark room filled with dolls, even the fear of being watched by a thousand soulless eyes has faded into vague irritation. His [Psychotic Break] has leveled up to level 13 now and Jia Hyson is fairly sure that even the prospect of having a burning doll chasing him off a very high cliff could only make him laugh.

He honestly feels like the Joker. There's nothing that isn't amusing to him and anything that wasn't amusing is nothing to him.

He thinks he should be worried.

But he can't afford to think about ifs and buts. He has a plan. He has to be patient and careful. He has to absorb as much yin energy and negativity as he can. He has to turn the Shen siblings against each other. He has to absolutely ruin the Professor, destroy his life, the prestige he loves, he wants to burn the man's eyes so he will never be able to appreciate the beauty he loves, to carve him inside and out and let the world know of what he's done! He has to, he has to...

He has to stop missing Drake.

Jia Hyson: 'I feel so cheated. I got burnt alive, became a haunted doll and have been locked in a room for nine months. I've lost my body, my freedom and a lot of my humanity in the process and yet I'm still not over my man. Bebe, I think my [Psychotic Break] is broken, otherwise why does my heart still hurt?'

Even a heartless man will feel tired. A soulless man can still ache. To him, resentment was the only thing burning inside him, pushing him on, but Jia Hyson was once again suffering from the fire.

Bebe didn't know how to answer. Helplessly he can only stay silent. It's seen many hosts that have broken down because of attachments in their first world but it had never thought Jia Hyson would be one of them. In retrospect, if Jia Hyson had chosen not to take the mission this probably wouldn't have happened. To taste heaven before falling into hell would have destroyed stronger people after all. Then again, it's also not his fault that the Skill Upgrade Mission happened to have chosen such a perverted skill to upgrade on. If anything it was Bebe's fault for introducing the mission as an option.

Bebe felt truly guilty and quietly submitted an application to transfer Jia Hyson's Fishball here. Maybe that would help it's Host feel a little better.

As both host and system wallow in self-pity the door opens.

A small boy, looking around six or seven, sneaks in. Jia Hyson and Bebe watch as the child pockets what must be the Professor's keys into his shorts. Flipping on the light switch Jia Hyson notes that the child was actually quite cute, with curly, almost fluffy hair sticking up everywhere, a soft baby dumpling face and eyes as dark as night. However at the same time Jia Hyson could easily tell why Professor Shen wasn't interested in him, after all cute wasn't the same as beautiful and the streak of rebelliousness was easy to see in the way the boy's face seemed to be constantly set as an angry glare and the dirty clothes he wore like he had just been tussling in wet grass. Professor Shen likes them mild as milk, sweet as honey and delicate as china. This kid... was not.

"Hello?" The boy calls out and Jia Hyson wasn't sure if it was because he hasn't seen a normal person in such a long time or if the innocent childlike voice reminded him a little of his previous world but his heart, which had endured pain and grief these past few months, inexplicably was softened by his voice. Not attracted mind you, Jia Hyson is fairly sure even if he had such inclinations- which he does not- he wouldn't be able to feel a single iota of lust. Mental trauma and lingering feelings for Drake aside, his soul wasn't able to take in proper sensations of 'touch', was naturally cold and filled with yin energy.

In short, all that ghost x human romance was all bullshit and Author God can go rot in the urinal of a third-world, third-rate Indian fast-food restaurant.

"Hello?" The little boy frowns even harder and both Jia Hyson and Bebe coo. It's been a long time since they've been sold some meng (cuteness). "I know you're there. Auntie Shen tells me it's nothing but I'm not stupid. Come out!"

Jia Hyson: 'What should we do?'

Bebe: 'I don't know he's so cute! I just want to take him home!' (`)

Jia Hyson: 'Fuck, you're right. Let's turn this dumpling into a human doll like us and keep him by our side for a lifetime!' 

Bebe: '...'   How about, no, you damn crazy ghost.

Li Guiren looks around the room for the first time, feeling both uncomfortable and grossed out at what it contains. No wonder Uncle Shen didn't let people in here. Li Guiren always knew Uncle Shen wasn't good but he never thought he would be such a weirdo. He had to tell dad when he comes home, Auntie Shen was okay but she probably wouldn't listen to him.

Dad probably won't either.

Li Guiren bites his lower lip agitatedly and tries to push his doubts away. His dad will definitely believe him this time! This was very important! And, and he even has proof! And once dad sees how strange Uncle Shen was they can finally leave this dumb house with it's dumb old antiques and he doesn't have to go to his dumb new school and make new friends in a new place! They can finally go back to their old place...

Mum's stuff was still there...

Bebe: 'Damn, you made the kid cry. That's a new low.' _

Jia Hyson: 'Fuck you, I haven't done shit yet!' )

Bebe: '... So you were going to do something?' _

Jia Hyson sighs. To be honest, he doesn't like seeing this cute brat blubber either. At the very least give him a chance to scare him to tears first! You looked so rebellious and courageous, why did you suddenly tear up out of nowhere?! QAQ

With [Heart's Sway] he can at least determine it's something to do with his mother. Did one of the dolls look like his dead mum or something which triggered him?

He doesn't have enough power to show himself and Jia Hyson didn't feel inclined to do so anyway. Even if his heart had softened for the brat, that doesn't mean he trusts him. Who knows if this was one of those kids who says they'll keep a secret before immediately running off to tell their mother about your secret adult toy collection?!

Bebe: 'That last bit sounded awfully specific...'

Jia Hyson: 'Fucking kids are like ants with megaphones, can crawl into all the places you don't want them to be and then immediately goes off to find their comrades to tell them all about the room filled with whips and handcuffs they found in Uncle Jia's locked basement.'

Bebe: '... (_;) You're a bad uncle.'

Jia Hyson: 'Look, I told them not to go to the basement, I locked the basement door and even posted a sign warning them on that door, if they go and seek death why am I the bad one?'

Bebe: 'Because you have a sex dungeon in your house!' 

Jia Hyson: 'If a tree falls in a forest and no one heard it did it really fall? With the same logic, if a sex dungeon is in a house and no one knew is the sex dungeon really in the house?'  

Bebe: 'Hehe, host's perverted logic is very good, Bebe cannot say anything.   Come closer, let me congratulate you, Bebe promises not to hit you-'

Meanwhile, in reality, Li Guiren had finally calmed down a little. Even though he was hiccuping and occasionally emitting a few sobs here and there, he had finally gotten control of himself and was feeling very embarrassed. Still it took a while for his eyes to stop blurring with his own tears, sniffling as he constantly wipes his wet face with his sleeves.

Li Guiren felt very upset. He had finally found a big clue! He should be investigating like a real police detective! What sort of police detective cries out of nowhere? How embarrassing!

Suddenly the small boy felt a chill run down his spine and became increasingly aware of the echoing sound of nails leisurely tapping against a hard surface. He turns around in unease, the room filled with dolls had gone from strange to creepy with the presence of the tapping sound. "H-hello?" His voice wobbles, realizing now that going into the locked room which occasionally cries and rattled the door alone may not be such a good idea.

He jumps in fright as a doll falls from one of the shelves fall, landing with a soft think on a ornate wooden desk. Scared but still curious, Li Guiren carefully creeps toward the desk like a cautious little crab, peering over he gasps. On the surface was a torn piece of notepaper with elegant handwriting.

'Hello.'

Li Guiren shrieked and ran out the door.

Jia Hyson and Bebe watch tiny little legs waddle off in fear. Like a scared baby penguin. Even though the fear Jia Hyson absorbed from the child wasn't much compared to that Shen woman, he felt rather cheered up at the sight. Even Bebe's mood had improved.

Bebe: 'Oh no, did Bebe become a S?'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe... you were always an S, ah, why else do you always scold me?'

Bebe: 'Because Host is a piece of spicy chicken shit!'

Jia Hyson: 'Oohhh yeah, that's the stuff- Oh, oh don't stop!'

Bebe: '...' Bebe would wish for you death if you weren't already dead. 'Anyway what should we do with the kid?'

Jia Hyson sighs as he uses the last scraps of his power to turn off the light. The silly boy forgot to do so as he ran off screaming. Just remembering it made him chuckle. 'Let's wait, the brat will probably come back once he gets over the initial shock. Kids are resilient that way. If he does we can make use of him.'

Bebe hesitates for a moment, 'When you say 'make use for him'?'

Jia Hyson waves his system off with a faint smile. 'Relax, I don't plan to hurt him even if he doesn't return or if he decides to go blab,' his smile turns thoughtful and a hint nostalgia that even he wasn't aware of, 'I don't know why but I quite like him, if he comes back before the Professor does I'll need to readjust my future plans to accommodate the boy.'

For most people, asking them to get over their first ghostly encounter in less than four days was asking for a lot. Despite that, Jia Hyson felt somewhat relaxed, maybe a little excited at the prospect of meeting this cute unruly little dumpling again. For some reason he truly believed this boy wouldn't betray his expectations.




Sure enough, the little dumpling was very good. Forget three days, barely a few hours had passed before the boy had warily tiptoed into the room again making Jia Hyson laugh. Maybe it was because he was a child and was more sensitive to these things, the little boy froze when he chuckled, as if he had heard something.

"H-hello? I'm, I'm back.. um," he fishes out some brightly colored balls and scurries to place them on the oak desk, "I brought some candy, I, I didn't know which one you liked so..."

Jia Hyson stuffed his metaphorical fingers in his metaphorical mouth as he tried not to squeal like a little girl meeting her idol. Ah, this kid was so cute! Was kids always this cute? Those pudgy cheeks! The naturally pouting face! That small slight chubby body!! He wants to squeeze the child until he suffocates and pull his adorable limbs off his body one by one! (^^):

Bebe: '...Bebe is going to go apply for a free therapeutic code okay? It's only for Hosts on the verge of mental breakdowns but Bebe believes the overseer for the class will understand.'

Jia Hyson: '...' How rude. Clearly he wasn't being serious. Well. He might not have been completely joking, but he really wouldn't have done it!!!

...but pinching the boy's cheeks should be fine right?  

Jia Hyson materializes one of his hands and glances at it. His nails were black and while they weren't very long, it was undeniable that they were sharp and pointed, perfect for tearing flesh and piercing bones.

...damn, is he allowed no pleasures in the afterlife?

His three loves, sex, wi-fi and food couldn't be indulged. Well, with Bebe he could technically use the universal wi-fi but apparently he only had the Noob Plan which only gives him 1GB a month. Jia Hyson hadn't been aware of this since his previous world was a beautiful place with free hotspots everywhere, and Bebe used most of this month's data for information gathering.

Bebe: QAQ Bebe has been a good hardworking system so why does Bebe feel hostile intent?

With his corporal hand, he picks up a pen and writes, 'Grape flavor,' in an elegant, of somewhat shaky scrawl. The boy watches the faint pale hand move the pen in wide-eyed awe. Li Guiren couldn't help but feel like it was a very pretty hand, like it had been carved from jade. Subconsciously he reaches out to touch but before he could even get close the hand disappeared and the pen dropped back onto the desk.

Li Guiren felt both a sense of relief and disappointment.

However, seeing that the ghost seemed to be friendly, Li Guiren felt emboldened and smiled excitedly. After all what kid didn't want to have a ghost friend?

"I- I also like grape flavor!" He stammers, "But I will give it to you," he quickly gathers up all the other candy save for the purple one and stuffs it back into his pocket before watching intently at sacrificed sweet.

Jia Hyson's lips twitch, such a silly boy. He reminds him a little of Drake. The thought of having a resemblance to his past lover unknowingly further improved his impression of the child in his mind and his previously bemused yet detached attitude became a little more indulgent. Picking up the candy, he makes a show of unwrapping it and popping it into his mouth, making his mouth tangible enough to hold the sweet in but without compromising his transparent state. While he cannot eat nor taste it, to the boy's eyes it would look like an invisible person had swallowed it down.

Since the candy and the ghost could not be seen, Jia Hyson retreated to subtly spit out the candy behind the platform his doll vessel sat on. Absentmindedly he noticed that the sweet wasn't affected at all, no stickiness from saliva or anything. It was in the exact same state as when he took it out from the wrapper. He shouldn't have been surprised but he was. It really brought home how he truly was no longer part of the living world here.

The melancholy however was short-lived as the little dumpling opened his mouth once again, "Did you like it? Was, was it good?"

Such sweet words of innocent concern, like eating a bad piece of candy was one of the worst things the world could offer, made Jia Hyson's heart itch. He felt like a soft cat paw was rubbing his chest. Even Bebe was melting. Their only source of human interaction was the crazy Professor Shen and each other. One was a doll pervert, crazy cultist-murderer, one was a regular pervert murderer turned crazy ghost and the last one was an asshole spicy chicken system with no confirmed kills. It was truly a beautiful situation that one couldn't find anywhere.

Bebe: 'QAQ lets keep the dumpling here forever okay?'

Jia Hyson, pulling out his evil ghost claws: 'I agree. Such a cute little dumpling doll would probably give this space some positive Feng shui for once,' 

Bebe: ..Fuck this is why we never get nice things isn't it?  

Jia Hyson's hand reaches out to draw a simple smiley face and rubs the little boy's hair, making him shriek and giggle I'm delighted surprise. Jia Hyson's hand quickly retreated at the sharp, bubbly noise, feeling a little lost and unsettled. It had been a while since he's heard such happy laughter. Which was an incredibly depressing thought in itself.

'Name?' Jia Hyson wrote.

"My name is Li Guiren!" Li Guiren begins to easily volunteer his personal information in a manner which made Jia Hyson feel like this kid would never make it as a spy, "I am six and a half years old, my birthday's the start of summer but I like spring better, my favorite color is red, my dad plays the drums and my mum... she is like you! Except, well, dad says she went somewhere else which was much better than here." He bites his lip a little, eyes dimming for a moment before he moves his attention shyly to the desk with the piece of paper. "What about you? What's your name?"

With some thought Jia Hyson decides to be truthful to some extent, he doesn't want the kid to go all junior detective and solve his death for him. That mystery is for the protagonists to discover. Or the police. Whoever figures it out first he's not picky. Also, the kid seems like a bit of a dumbass, better not accidentally make him seek death.

'Call me Wei,' he finally writes, 'I am a doll spirit.' There, that's rather tame.

Li Guiren of course easily accepted it. If he was older maybe he would be a little more suspicious. After all, in stories, spirits formed from objects like dolls were usually made from being dearly loved and would take soft and gentle forms to reflect that. Jia Hyson's hands, while beautiful, clearly had demonic attributes more suited to an evil spirit.

The little dumpling's face scrunched up and surveyed the countless rows of dolls in the room. There really was an absurd amount, from European-style to Japanese the collection was neither lacking in quantity or quality. However, of course there was only one doll that could stand above the others, literally. Only his vessel stood alone and sat on a pedestal. Professor Shen likes to take time to dress up his body and his pedestal so this time he was posed to sit languidly on a golden lounge chair with pale green and white ancient Chinese robes. The pedestal was covered in flowing light blue fabric that gave the impression of sitting by a flowing river. It's slanted peach blossom eyes that had been painted to always look like it was on the brink of tears, while his long black hair was strewn artfully down his shoulders, reaching almost down to his legs.

It was hard for the eyes not to be drawn to Bai Li Wei, even in doll form. Jia Hyson had to admit whoever molded him was very good, it was realistic without being too Stepford Housewife, and the doll seemed to natural exude a mysteriously enticing yet at the same time frightening and unnerving aura thanks to the spirit that haunts it. Li Guiren was no exception and quickly plods toward where his body sat. Not like it was a trek to get there, only a step or two away from the desk. Professor Shen likes to look at him while he works.

Fucking pervert.

Bebe: '...   You should talk.'

Jia Hyson: 'Dude, (|||) I told you about my kinks in the safe space. The. Safe. Space. You're not supposed to judge me in my safe space.'

Bebe: 'Ohohoho you really misinterpreted what the safe space was for then you damn freaky nympho.' (   ` )

Jia Hyson: 'Wuwuwu where's Fishball? I miss Fishball!'  

Bebe: 'Fuck Fishball!!'

Jia Hyson: (  )

"This is you?" Li Guiren stares at the doll with wide eyes. The more he looks the more sure he is. "You're so beautiful!" He exclaims.

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: 'Hahaha! You're blushing! My shameless host is blushing because of a five year old! Let Bebe record this data fluctuation!'

Jia Hyson: 'Shut up! You're blushing! Your whole family is blushing!'

Bebe: 'Oh now we have to keep the kid now!'

And they did.

...

For the next few days Li Guiren visits the doll room to chat with Jia Hyson. At the beginning he would bring a bunch of scrap paper to exchange words on but by then end he instead smuggled in his sketchbook, making it easier to save their conversations together.

Jia Hyson learnt that Shen Wan hasn't been the best substitute mother to Li Guiren. Don't get him wrong, she isn't abusive or anything, just a little neglectful and selfish. The type who has trouble remembering there's a second smaller person in the house and finds the telly as the best free babysitter one can find. Li Guiren was used to being more or less self-sufficient so he hasn't been actually suffering or anything, but it was clear from the way he speaks that the kid is desperately lonely.

Jia Hyson could use this.

Bebe: 'You sound more and more like a predator grooming your prey every day.'

Jia Hyson: '...' he has nothing to say to this.

Now Jia Hyson wasn't really fond of kids in his original life. However that could not be said to be the same for kids. He remembers being forced to babysit or take charge in watching over tiny tots and chatty children during family gatherings or when his parents invite friends or business partners over. Jia Hyson had been unfortunately born in that awkward time where no one in the family or the family's social circle were the same age as him, they were either eight years older or eight years younger with the exception of his own brother who was two years his junior. Unfortunately, his brother was a lot more serious and mature than he had been so most adults at that time would invite him to the adult table to speak about, ugh, politics, leaving Jia Hyson to listen intently to the CEO's three-year old try explain what she was drawing.

It wasn't that he disliked them per say. They were cute, easy to entertain and admittedly his own rather... creative mentality was very compatible to their wavelength.

Bebe: 'Childish. The word you were looking for is childish.'

Jia Hyson: 'Shut up and let me monologue you bitch.'

However the reason why he isn't very fond of them is quite simple. It's because they aren't very interesting to him.

The fact that Jia Hyson had only gotten a little bored of the sticky child by the fourth day was already a miracle in itself. Jia Hyson theorizes that it was because of the extenuating circumstances of living for months in a negative filled doll hellhole with only his system for good company and that Li Guiren was a cute little fucker. Still, despite that, Jia Hyson was quickly finding Li Guiren a little too tiresome. Another problem with kids was that once they found someone they were comfortable with, they were reluctant to let go. He's probably had more kids cry on him begging him not to leave than he's had lovers do the same. The only difference is that one is only around for a few hours and the other for a few weeks.

To face the same kid for four straight days was a little... like, there is only so much nodding and 'Uh-Huh'ing he can do okay? Taking care of Maddy and Monroe was fine, Maddy was chatty sure but since she was older she was at least more eloquent and is more aware of when Jia Hyson feels less inclined to talk or socialize. Monroe had been even better, a polite boy with little words and no rebellious teenager phase. He was probably a quiet, shy boy when he was younger, the type that would be sticky but not talkative, choosing instead to sit by your side with a picture book.

Drake would probably be like Li Guiren though, chatty and needy but hard to hate.

Maybe that's also a reason why Jia Hyson lasted this long. Ah, love was really harder to shake off than he had thought. He couldn't help but feel jealous toward all the couples that still have a living significant other now that he was a dead single dog.

...Now there's a thought.

Bebe: '...Please don't use your status of being a vengeful virgin ghost to kill off happy couples.'

Jia Hyson: 'Aiyah you never let me do anything I want,'

Bebe: 'When have I- tell me one thing you've wanted to do that you didn't get to while on a mission!'

Jia Hyson: 'Not die.'

Bebe: '...'  (  ) You got Bebe there.

Meanwhile in reality:

"-and then, and then, Police-detective Xi came in through the window and punched the bad guy!"

'What next?' Was what was written in response. This along with various renditions of 'How interesting' and 'Tell me more' has been repeated constantly on the white paper. Even as a professional award-winning writer, after three days of this he was running out of different ways to say the same shit. Occasionally he'll intersperse it with actual questions to show he was listening to the boy to throw any of his suspicions away. It's a tried and true tactic that works with anyone Jia Hyson has found.

Thankfully, by the fifth day Professor Shen arrives and Jia Hyson was confident that he had already had a decently large place in Li Guiren's heart. Enough to sway him against the adults at least, possibly even his father. It was a bit pathetic but a child's mind was filled with complex problems and relatively simple solutions. To an outsider Li Guiren was a bright lively bear child with a handsome, caring father and kind stepmother. It would be difficult to figure out he has abandonment issues, intimacy issues and a need for an older role model. However once the issues were found, Jia Hyson could solve them fairly easily. Given a few more weeks of paying attention and doting on Li Guiren and he would be eating out of the palm of his nonexistent hand.

Jia Hyson: 'Oh damn, I am grooming him.'

Bebe: 'Bebe told you!'

When Li Guiren told him Professor Shen was coming back earlier than expected with a gloomy tone Jia Hyson immediately told the child to break every single doll in the room apart from his own. It wasn't hard to convince him to do so, Li Guiren already had a pretty terrible impression of the Professor which only dropped further when he saw the doll room. Which, fair enough. By truthfully telling the boy that Professor Shen was one of the evil people responsible for trapping him in the doll and that he just wanted to scare him a little in revenge by destroying his precious doll room, how can this kid who thinks the world of him say no?

Watching each doll shatter or rip into pieces was honestly more satisfying than sex at that moment. Jia Hyson gives Li Guiren, this naughty bear child, 2333 likes when he brings out Professor Shen's golf clubs. While it wasn't as good as doing it himself, this little black heart of his was satisfied living vicariously through the child for now.

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has increased to Level 7!]

Both Bebe and Jia Hyson were pleasantly surprised at the notification. It seems that not just negative emotions can be absorbed but also the catharsis of revenge will also do.

To feel so good without even exerting his own energy and collecting some bonus skill points along the way... this was, this wasn't too bad as well.

Jia Hyson: 'The child can be my hands and legs, and in return I will satisfy his heart. This sort of exchange can last for a long time until he is an adult, very good, very good. It seems I've found a good golden dumpling to play with.'

Bebe: Ah, my Host has finally stooped to finding the benefits of child labor, this rich capitalist pig has finally outdone himself clap clap clap

Afterwards Jia Hyson tells Li Guiren to off the lights, lock the door and put the key back where he found it before going to hide in his room and read. He emphasizes that the book should be one he's read before and that he should be caught reading at around the end of the story to make it seem like that he's spent the whole time engrossed in the narrative. Even though his family's dumpling seemed quite intelligent, he was still a child in the end and Jia Hyson has spent some time carefully instructing him the basics of lying.

So when Professor Shen arrived in the evening, he didn't notice much amiss. The only difference was that his sister was a little paler than usual, occasionally glancing at him with an odd expression on her face. However, Professor Shen didn't really see his sister on the same standing as his own and had dismissed her gaze filled with complicated thoughts as well as her strange attempt to try worm out what exactly was in his secret room. In fact, he had lashed out at her, the conference hadn't gone too well and there were rumors floating around about Bai Li Wei's disappearance that made him feel even more on edge.

That two-faced slut may have liked to play the quiet wallflower but he really had too much of a good face to not pay attention to, many of his admirers have been wondering where he had gone. No one suspected him yet but as one of his closest professors the suspicion would eventually land on his lap one way or another.

Of course because he had lashed out at Shen Wan, and inadvertently at Li Guiren as well who had been passing by to get some milk, neither were willing to speak to him anymore and hint at the strange sounds in the doll room. It made for a particularly awkward dinner that night with only Li Du being somewhat lively. His band had secured a decent gig at some club the night after or something. Li Du had completely ignored the tense atmosphere to brag about it.

If Jia Hyson had enough energy to leave the doll long enough to watch this, he would say one thing: This family... really can't stand to look at them. A psycho, a flighty layabout and a self-centered drummer. His family's dumpling is guaranteed to go rotten under these people's care.

Of course he couldn't see this, he was saving up his energy to frighten the old man to death. Instead he waits patiently and chats to Bebe.

Jia Hyson: 'Should I move my doll? Or would it be creepier if I just keep it where it is?'

Bebe: 'Maybe you could hide yourself? Like you fell behind the pedestal? That way Professor Shen will not throw you out in fear immediately,'

Jia Hyson: 'Peh, that old bastard can try! I'm not leaving this shithole until he dies!'

As expected, Professor Shen flipped his shit once he unlocked the doll room and flicked on the lights.

As expected, Jia Hyson derives immense pleasure from it.

It was like the reaction one would have when someone suddenly throws a bucket of ice water on you. First there's a second of pure shock at the stimulus, then there's the brain trying to process it, finally the sensation kicks in and the body starts to tremble, instinctively taking a step back to escape as the rush of freezing cold soaks straight into the bones, refusing to let go. Professor Shen's face of horror, confusion and fear was priceless.

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has increased to Level 8!]

[Ding, ding! If Looks Could Kill (Active) has increased to Level 2!]

[Ding, ding! Cruel Caress (Active) has reached Level 3!]

He didn't know if it was Professor Shen's emotional upheaval or his own glee over it but the skill points he earned because of this were not few.

"Wha-how-" he stammers before his eyes finally land on Jia Hyson, his fear palpable and delicious. "No, this-that's-it- it's impossible!" He still denies but they both know that he knew.

Professor Shen's eyes redden, "It's impossible!" He roars, slamming his foot forward like a fierce old lion even as his arms betray him, hugging himself tightly in terror. "Who, who, who is there?! Show yourself!"

Like a wild animal shoved into a cage, the old man paces around the room frenziedly as he tries to find someone that wasn't there. Finally, with harsh, uneven breaths he turns to the last perfectly intact doll in the room. Professor Shen sucks in a deep breath as he realizes Bai Li Wei's beautifully painted face was staring straight at him. Was it always facing this way? Fear and anxiety clouds his mind and the doubt begins to grow even more.

[Activates If Looks can Kill level 2]

The eyes that were so chillingly beautiful to him just a few days ago had become just plain chilling. Like, they were looking into Professor Shen's soul. And they wanted to strangle it.

It was just a doll but inexplicably Professor Shen could feel the emotions roiling off it, the rage, the joy, the killing intent. Despite the fact it was made of porcelain and couldn't change it's face he could feel it smiling at him. Cold sweat poured out of his skin as his trembling increased under the gaze of a toy. He felt like he was losing his mind.

[Ding, ding! If Looks Could Kill (Active) has increased to Level 3!]




Professor Shen ran out of the room like a bat out of hell.

Jia Hyson cackles maniacally as the door hurriedly slammed shut and the sound of a frantic man fumbling over his keys was heard. In Professor Shen's ears what he could hear was profoundly different. Like the sound of winter wind brushing past his ears he heard the soft airy yet seductively malicious laughter of the young man he had coveted for so long, it made his heart beat even faster.

[Nightmare Mode] was a ghost skill he originally had only 3 points in, but after the past few months it's skill value had increased to 19. With Professor Shen's horrified reaction to his dollroom's destruction it had jumped from 19 to 41. To say it jumped was an under reaction, it was more like it flew. Both Bebe and Jia Hyson truly could not comprehend how these allocation of skills were generated.

As the name implies, it gives Jia Hyson the ability to insert nightmares and even enter a victim's dream space. Before he felt the small effects produced was not very good given the amount of energy it takes to use but now that it had been leveled up like this suddenly Jia Hyson was itching to try it out.

Before he could only prod a sense of unease or create a vague blurry image of himself in Professor Shen and Shen Wan's dreams which only made them a little irritated or uneasy, now though...

Professor Shen did not sleep well that night.

He's sitting, no, he's being bound onto a chair. The sickly metallic smell of blood pervades his nostrils until he is gagging on it. No, it's not the smell he's gagging on, he has an actual gag in the form of a bloody intestine in his mouth. Now that he's more aware he realizes he's bound with more of the disgusting organs, a setting which felt oddly familiar...

Professor Shen could feel the exact moment where his mind, slow and lazy in the dream, finally connected the dots and his heart stuttered for a moment in sheer fear. Wasn't this, wasn't this Bai Li Wei's confinement room?

The bloody sigils... the hopelessly depressing grey walls...

The ritual oven.

Dreams were interesting things. In them reality is disjointed and everything makes sense. A duck can be your best friend. Your best friend can be a robot. Impossible things like flying is a feat that one wouldn't question in a dream and somehow instinctively know what to do. An empty room in one moment can be filled with chanting shadows the next and the brain would still find nothing amiss.

It was like the cultists had become truly demonic, monstrous and shadowy they surround him both familiar and unrecognizable. He screams for help. For anyone. The intestines seem to shrink, making him feel even more suffocated yet despite shrinking they seem to filled with blood, oozing the warm red liquid until he's soaked from the chin down in the fluid. He feels sick and afraid, all he wants is to leave, leave, leave!

Professor Shen finally sees something beyond the red, grey and black of his surroundings. A flash of white that makes him subconsciously lean toward with a chest full of hope. Even though he couldn't see what it was Professor Shen knew it was his salvation, his hope, his love.

"Please!" He shouts, but through his gag it is far from the loudness he wants, barely a whisper. No matter how hard he screams it was like he was born with half a lung, the responding sound was soft as if he was whispering sweet nothings into a loved ones ear instead. Professor Shen felt stuffy and nervous, what if he misses his chance and the white pure creature passes him by? He can't! He, he can't let it go!

He shouts all manner of words in his fright, 'please', 'help', 'over here', 'save me', but all to no avail. In his desperation and despair he wonders if maybe, this is what Bai Li Wei must've felt. At this moment, feeling just a sliver of Bai Li Wei's situation, the long dormant and buried seed of guilt Professor Shen had finally sprouted. "I'm sorry," he whispers but this time the words are so loud and clear they seem to echo across the whole room.

The writhing, chanting shadows still. Out of the darkness, like a single strand of moonlight passing through the deepest heart of the forest, a barefooted and beautiful young man with slanted Phoenix eyes and a simple pure white shirt and pants stepped out.

Professor Shen felt like his soul was a dying man in the desert that had finally found an oasis. "Bai Li Wei?" He calls, because how could he not recognize that face? His face still a little soft from youth, skin like milky, polished jade, lips a faint pink as if kissed by a rose...

Bai Li Wei smiles, entrancing, enticing and yet so pure and untarnished. "You're sorry?" He asks softly.

"I'm sorry," Professor Shen grabs onto those words like a lifeline while he greedily drinks in the teenager's beauty once more. "Li Wei, I'm so sorry."

Innocently, Bai Li Wei tilts his head. Professor Shen felt a sense of nostalgia well up in him, the child used to do the exact same thing when facing a confusing theory that he had trouble understanding. He had always helped patiently explain it until the confusion cleared up from those lovely eyes and Bai Li Wei would thank him with such genuine gratefulness and adoration. "What are you sorry about Professor?"

"I-" Professor Shen felt uncomfortable at voicing his apologies, "You know what," he finally says, feeling a little wronged. He already felt bad, wasn't it a bit much to try rub it in?

"Professor," Bai Li Wei says patiently, eyes gazing serenely at the bound up old man like this sort of thing was absolutely normal, "what are you sorry about?"

"Li Wei," Professor Shen says, a little agitated. He wants to get free from the chair, he wants to leave, why was Li Wei being so unreasonable? He already apologized and felt remorse, and what's done has been done, to act so obtusely like this... how petty! How annoying! "I already said I'm sorry okay! I'm sorry you felt so bad and suffered so greatly but it wasn't like it was all my fault! Who told you to be so provoking?! None of this wouldn't have happened if it weren't for you!"

Under the hypocritical words being spat at him, Bai Li Wei merely stood there, watching the panting old man like a particularly ugly painting. "You aren't sorry," he finally says flatly.

"I already said I am!" Professor Shen yells angrily, "You-"

"No." The word was so icy and final that Professor Shen's bluster was easily cut away, the old man shrinking in his seat as he finally realizes through his self-righteous indignation that maybe pissing off the dead person wasn't the best idea in the world, "You aren't sorry for what you've done. You may be sorry that I got hurt, but you aren't sorry at it happening at all. Or at least," Bai Li Wei's smile turns bitter as tears of blood roll down his pale cheeks, "Not for the right reasons anyway."

"No," Professor Shen looks on horrified as those pretty eyes, once bright and naive, darken until not even the whites of his eyes could be seen. Completely, horrifyingly pure black. "No, NO! I'm sorry! I'm sorry for what I did, what I've done! Please! I'm sorry!!"

"TOO LATE!" Bai Li Wei screams, his voice mangled with agony and hatred, the blood pouring down his face falls faster, and as he looms over Professor Shen those tears cannot help but hit the old man's face burning him like a rain of lava. Professor Shen screams at the unexpected pain but desperately he continues to try apologize between his cries. "TOO LATE, IT'S TOO LATE PROFESSOR SHEN, IT'S TOO LATE!!!"

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has increased to Level 8!]

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has increased to Level 9!]

[Ding, ding! Cruel Caress (active) has increased to Level 4!]

Jia Hyson pulls out of the dream and fist pumps at the air. Fuck yeah.

Now Professor Shen wasn't a very strong minded person. This was pretty clear given that he's a black magic cultist despite his living as an intellectual professor who works in the grounded realm of science. However in a way it was a bit of a blessing, allowing him to break out of the accursed path of being one of those rigid-minded straight-laced fools who insist on a scientific explanation right until the bitter end. This amazing flexibility and willingness to throw away his three world views as well as his incredible lack of courage were really worth applauding.

Jia Hyson: clap clap clap

Bebe: '...The tone is one of praise but the words are barbed with poison and chili.'

Anyway, after experiencing that nightmare, Professor Shen no longer held onto any doubts about Bai Li Wei haunting the doll. The very next day he came in swinging with a bat. In some ways Jia Hyson really wonders how this man got a PhD. Like a cute male student? Burn him alive in a magic doll ritual. Find out said student haunts the doll? Break it with a baseball bat. It was always violence first with this guy.

'You know,' Jia Hyson tells Bebe as Professor Shen begins screaming something unslightly at him. 'Is it possible to direct the main story to this? I feel like it would be a rather interesting read.' After all, for all Professor Shen's numerous faults, he was quite a character. You don't see a lot of people like him in the horror genre, there was a lot of potential there.

'Unfortunately no,' Bebe denies, 'at best we can include the information to provide to the author but there's a low guarantee they'll change the whole story unless they become particularly inspired by it. After all, the effort and love in finishing a story makes one reluctant to trash it completely for something similar yet not.'

Jia Hyson nods in reluctant agreement. That was true. If they proposed an entirely new story like a high school comedy, the author may be more willing to try it out but a new story that was in the same world as one of their old works could only work as a spin-off, a prequel or a sequel to the old work. To destroy an old work and replace it with something related to the old work but not really was a little harder to stomach. It was like asking a sculptor either to destroy their self portrait and make another of their twin of to try adjust the original sculpture to resemble their twin. Obviously the easier option was better.

Ahhh, it was such a shame. Jia Hyson really wasn't feeling the whole living for decades in a doll thing. Still, like oil through his fingers, the desire passes quickly, leaving behind the slick hard to wash off disappointment for his evil ghost body to greedily feed off of.

Well, no need for any long term planning right now. First things first. Revenge.

As the professor finally finishes his long tirade of what was sure to have been very hurtful if Bai Li Wei was actually here and brings down the bat, Jia Hyson uses his strongest offensive skill Hair Control. Like a gushing river after a torrential storm, hair from the doll rushed down from it's head, slithering and rearing up like a vicious snake as it attacks the bat, encircling it swiftly until it resembled a really goth cocoon. Professor Shen screams, his hands unfortunately caught inside the hair cocoon and the intense pressure of the hair made him unable to slip free from its terrifying hold.

Jia Hyson smiles as he watches the terrified man struggle to escape. He feels like a spider watching a particularly dimwitted worm. Ah, of course the Professor can't be a worm. He has far too many limbs.

Professor Shen's scream went up three octaves as the hair began to ruthlessly tighten around the bat and his hands. Soon the pain coming from his hands was too much and he could barely even open his mouth in his suffering, wordlessly he sobbed as he sunk to his knees. Jia Hyson however felt no guilt, remorse or any such inkling of mercy watching the old man act so pitiful, he didn't even lower the bat when the man's knees caved so Professor Shen's arms still hung up in the air, making his old wrists strain at the awkward angle.

Loudly Jia Hyson laughs, currently he had enough power from Professor Shen's agony alone that the old man could hear the mocking laughter even through the haze of pain. "Li... Wei...?" He cries out again as the hair around his hands sharply tightens, the sound of a bat splintering echoes in the room. "No! P-please! Li Wei.. Li Wei... St-ah-p..!"

Silently the doll's head tilts down to face the Professor, it's beautiful face gazing blankly at the man. However in Professor Shen's eyes he can see a shadow of pure malice and glee in it's delicately painted features. For a moment his eyes blur and he could see tears of blood dripping from those curved delicate eyes.

Then a blinding pain hits him and he falls unconscious. Black hair, as smooth as silk and as dark as sin, gently unravels and reverts back to it's usual length leaving behind the splintered fragments of a baseball bat and two broken hands.

[Ding, ding! Cruel Caress (Active) has reached Level 5!]

[Ding, ding! Cruel Caress (Active) has reached Level 6!]

[Ding, ding! Cruel Caress (Active) has reached Level 5 and Malevolent Intent is above Level 8! Activating new special skill Voices of the Dead (active) level 1! Your voice is chilling, your words make me tremble, to hear you insult me would be the ultimate bliss!]

[Ding, ding! Cruel Caress (Active) has reached Level 5 and Psychotic Break is Level 10! Activating new special skill Psychic Terror (active) level 1! Once maxed you will be striking fear into the hearts of all psychics! If you call yourself the second best there is no psychic out there that can claim to be the first!]

Jia Hyson's eyebrows raise as he lets out an impressed whistle. The Skill Upgrade World may be incredibly harsh and mentally torturous but if done right the benefits cannot be looked down upon. Because he earned these special skills by his own merit he'll be able to bring these to future worlds. Even though a lot of these were incredibly malicious skills, no one could deny their power, he felt incredibly lucky just being able to keep [Psychic Terror] which sounded like an OP skill to have despite the rather harsh sounding conditions to level up. Cultivation worlds, magic worlds, apocalyptic worlds... no matter what shitty character he has, with [Psychic Terror] he would be guaranteed a good life. Not that he's very interested in becoming a Gary Stu, but it'll be nice to have a safety net after all.

Feeling very good, he decides not to do too much to Professor Shen, this amazing negative energy generating machine. After all, it would be a waste not to squeeze out a few more points from the man as repayment. Also, the information on the other cultists as well. That too.

Bebe: '...Professor Shen has been reduced from psycho pervert to a negative energy ATM... should Bebe... feel bad?'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe, don't you also benefit from the energy conversion?' They found that a small percentage of the spiritual energy Jia Hyson earns from absorbing negativity and yin energies went to Bebe, improving it's processing powers, efficiency and even inadvertently leveled up it's [Spatial Storage]. While it's only a small amount, it wouldn't be surprising if Bebe leveled up just with the energy wasn't from this world by itself.

Bebe: '... (-)b Let's Do This!!'

Jia Hyson: :. o()o .:




Now Jia Hyson wouldn't say that what happened next was the worst two weeks of Professor Shen's life. He wasn't Professor Shen. How the fuck would he know the highs and lows of that old fart's history?

But he was very confident that it was definitely not one of his best.

After the professor fainted, Li Guiren came in, apparently having witnessed most of the scene since Professor Shen hadn't left the door closed to provide a better escape route. Not that it did much for him. Also, Jia Hyson was a little worried that Li Guiren was going to grow up a little skewed now. He had just witnessed a.. 'hairy' situation after all.

Jia Hyson: muffled hysterical laughter

Bebe: '...This is a child's future you're talking about you piece of shit.' _

'Go tell your dad that he went mad and destroyed the dolls himself.' He writes quickly down as Li Guiren dazedly stares at his doll, his little mind having some trouble comprehending the scene he had saw. 'Act scared, keep it simple, I'll do the rest.'

Li Guiren takes the note, and with a pale face, nods cautiously. He knows enough now to realise that his ghost friend was not simple. However despite feeling nervous he didn't feel any fear toward his friend.

Uncle Shen is a bad man anyway and Li Guiren felt that Wei was someone good. Wei was the only one who pays attention to someone like him, even when sometimes it's a bit obvious Wei gets a little bored of his ramblings Wei still takes the time to answer back and prompt for more. How could a bad person be so considerate? Even his dad won't- Even after watching Wei break the man's hands... Li Guiren silently thought it was very cool. Whatever Old man Shen did must have been pretty bad though.

Ripping the note in pieces, Li Guiren goes to intelligently flush the evidence down the toilet before going to his father. As an afterthought he uses the tap water to dap around his eyes and fake tears before looking at the mirror with some satisfaction, nodding to himself before running off.

Meanwhile, Jia Hyson was trying to drag Professor Shen's unconscious body using both Hair Control and [Psychic Terror] and pose him like he had accidentally fell back and hit his head on something. It was a little more difficult than anticipated. Like playing one of those shitty games where you had to control a person to walk with various buttons representing different leg muscles it was literally one step forward two steps back.

'Easy, easy,' Bebe supports as Jia Hyson slowly lifts the limp body and tries not to drop him for the nth time. On the bright side, it'll support the whole 'psychotic mental breakdown' thing he's trying to convince the other people of the Shen household and or medical professionals. It was more difficult than he had thought, for starters he couldn't hold the body too tightly with his hair unless he wants some strange unexplainable bruises appearing and his [Psychic Terror] was much weaker than he had first thought.

See, most special skills like [Psychotic Break] or [Burger Prince] have a maximum level of 20, 25 or 30 and generally along the way will produce other special, more advanced, skills once they reach certain points.

Some special skills like [Animal Charmer] due to it's versatility, leveling specifications or low effects can be leveled up to level 50 or even 100. In this case Jia Hyson only has a level of 2 for this particular skill because he has only been able to coax and establish a friendship or 'tame' more than three individuals in two different species- human and corvids, which are birds like ravens and crows for those less inclined to the realm of taxonomy. So [Animal Charmer] requires one to more or less become friendly and close with another species before the effect of the skill will automatically take place, which in this case is boosting his natural charm for the given (and to a lesser extent, related) species. Yeah. Less impressive than it sounds.

On the other hand there are special skills like [Gods Scribe] that cap at level 12 and are hell to level up. Jia Hyson saw the requirements for level 9 and he promptly gave up. Level 8 out of 12 was a very respectable level. Maybe if he was still the famous author with a fantastic reputation and global fan base he possibly could've done it but even then there's still a very good chance he wouldn't be able to accomplish it in his lifetime. Hell, he had barely made the requirements for level 8- produce five successful screenplays and five novels each over 150,000 words that are watched and read over 80% of the globe that have a rating of the equivalent of 4.2/5 stars and higher over the span of three years with at least two of these works creating a large impact politically, socio-economically, culturally or psychologically. Like damn, even he was impressed that he managed to accomplish this. That sort of shit was easier said than done. And it wasn't very easy to say either.

However it was nothing compared to the task in order to level up to level 9- Produce three works that will shake the world. They must obviously be of top tier quality with a global popularity of the equivalent of 4.5/5 stars, seen, read or heard by over 90% of the world's population or over an average of 75% in five planets'. Must have one work that wins an award not directly related to literature such as a Nobel Prize etc.

...Etc? Etc his sister! Was he writing a story or the cure for cancer?! Not to mention, over 90% of the world? Aren't they underestimating that 10% increase? There's no such thing as a story that can fit everybody's taste, not to mention the differences in entertainment values between nations and generations! Does that mean he has to wait for an intergalactic type story before he can even try? Peh, he can't be fooled, as if the intergalactic option is easier- to cross the boundaries between countries was already hard enough, interplanetary communication between completely different species is just asking for death!

The greatest achievements anyone had ever made via written word in the fiction department in his original world was probably the fucking bible okay? Or possibly Lord of the Rings. He doesn't fucking know. He didn't really read either of them to be perfectly candid but he knows that they don't hold the requirements to achieve a level 9. How can he beat the Bible? He's not fucking Jesus! He can't walk on water or turn stone into bread or destroy a magical ring in an epic journey to the world's meanest volcan-oh wait, he thinks he may have mixed something up there.

Anyway... What was he on about?

The sound of Professor Shen's body accidentally slamming into the nearby shelves was heard as well as the sound of creaking 18th Century carve wood.

Ah, right. That.

The point was, special skills come in all shapes, sizes, rarities and usefulness. And while [Psychic Terror] has the potential for being the most treasured special skill any host, hell, any individual would cherish, it, like it's name implies, was a damn terror to max. [Animal Charmer] is the type of skill that has many levels but rather easy to understand or accomplish. [God's Scribe] is the opposite, with a rather small amount of levels before reaching it's peak but with incredibly hard to the point of impossible requirements.

[Psychic Terror] is both of these types of skills in the worst way. Over a hundred levels. The requirements to move up a level constantly change and since it's so rare Bebe has little in the way of information to provide other than usually it needs certain levels of other skills alongside actual tasks provided to pass. In this case, to reach level 2, his Hair Control must be over 75, [Cruel Caress] must be over level 5 and he must indirectly kill or save 10 people by using [Psychic Terror (active) Level 1]. It should be once again reiterated that [Psychic Terror (active) Level 1] was weak as chicken shit.

'No no no... yeah, fine, okay that should be okay Bebe supposes,' Bebe backseat drives with the air of someone forced to do so yet can't stand watching Jia Hyson's shoddy work. It really was a pity that Jia Hyson didn't buy Bebe a corporeal form. He wouldn't mind killing his system a few times with his bare hands.

Bebe: '...I think I'll exchange that therapy class coupon for one on couples therapy QAQ'

By the time Li Guiren, his father Li Du and a nervous looking Shen Wan entered the room was even more of a mess than before. It really looked like a madman had gone berserk in that place.

Jia Hyson, as the one perfectly intact doll in the room, had dropped himself onto the floor and rolled under a shelf to give the illusion of a 'lucky escape' rather than the image of a suspicious doll. Which was hard. Because all dolls were inherently suspicious.

Bebe: 'Woah, never pegged my host for a racist.'

Jia Hyson: 'Ain't a stereotype if it's true Bebe. Dolls can never be trusted. Now that I'm also a doll I can officially confirm it.'

Bebe: '...isn't that just because Host himself can't be trusted and is a shady bitch?  '

Jia Hyson: '...was the shady bitch part really necessary.'

Bebe:  

Jia Hyson:  My System doesn't love me

He had thought that it would take a few days of cleaning up the mess before he was found but to his surprise, Li Guiren seemed to zero in on his hiding place with the accuracy of a bloodhound. However his family's dumpling restrained himself well, pulling his sharp gaze away before looking tearily at his shocked father. "See! See! I told you! Uncle Shen went crazy and then slipped and fell! Daddy what should we do?!"

"I-" Li Du falters. How should he know?! Silently he curses Shen Wan. He had only wooed her because she came from a well off family, not bad looking and seemed quite kind if a little gullible and ditzy. If he knew that her brother was a crazy violent person he wouldn't have dropped his son into her care. Li Du knew he wasn't very attached to the title of father but he would never knowingly put Li Guiren in an unsafe environment. "Wan Wan, go call for an ambulance. Guiren, daddy is going to move Uncle Shen out of the room, you should stay out too there's a lot of... broken things there."

He shudders at the sight of a hundred shattered and ripped up dolls in the room. Limbs and hair and broken faces staring back at him in the dim light. Even though they weren't alive Li Du felt a profound sense of grief, malice and an indescribable wrongness emanating in the room. Though a man collecting such girly items was a little weird, the atmosphere was off, giving the whole place a rather uncomfortable vibe. A moron can tell this room was not something good. Li Du looks at Professor Shen with disgust. He had never thought much of the old man, a haughty stuck up conservative with no appreciation for music but who knew his kid was right? That he really was hiding a mysterious sinister secret. What exactly it was Li Du truly didn't care or want to learn.

"But..." Li Guiren glances at where Jia Hyson had hidden, "Dad I want to clean up," the excuse was especially flimsy given the bear child's rather naughty personality. He was the type to set small fires in the garden with his homework and hide his vegetables in various places around the house like a small drug smuggler. So Li Du who was aware of this was not fooled.

"Go to your room."

Li Guiren frowned and clicked his tongue in disapproval. "Tch, Daddy, to have no trust... this is why all your pretty friends leave you all alone."

Li Du: ...this unfilial kid. Wasn't the reason half of them left because you were such a little monster?

Helplessly he says, "Fine, you can clean up a bit before I come back. I think I saw a dustpan somewhere in Uncle Shen's room, go get that and push the mess to one corner. I'll be back in ten minutes or so."

Li Guiren smiles widely, giving his father a hug before running off to find the dustpan. "Thanks dad! Love you!"

Jia Hyson who was eavesdropping was also a little speechless. It seems his family's sweet dumpling was unexpectedly a little spicy too... he rather likes it.

Bebe: 'You're disgusting.'

Disgusting Jia Hyson: 'Oh fuck off you know I didn't mean it like that you sick fuck.'

Sick Fuck Bebe: '...'

Once Li Du left, dragging an unconscious Professor Shen unceremoniously behind him, Li Guiren wasted no time to crouch down by the shelf on top of Jia Hyson expectantly. Feeling a little embarrassed by the enthusiasm, Jia Hyson enters his doll body to awkwardly half crawl, half drag himself out of hiding in front of the kid. Even though he looked rather pathetic, with his beautiful clothes and body now messed up and dirty from the dust and cobwebs where he lay, Li Guiren still watched him like he was the most entrancing fairy in the world. It was very flattering.

"Wei!" Li Guiren cheers before excitedly cupping his hands and pushing it toward the doll. "I didn't know you can move! Come! I'll carry you!"

Jia Hyson looks at those small hands and hesitates. It should be known that while Jia Hyson isn't exactly life-sized he was definitely larger than the average Barbie. Maybe about the length of a slightly large baby and half as heavy given he was made out of porcelain and was filled with blood. He was very worried this child was overestimating his strength and would drop him.

Surprisingly though, the bear child was strong. Easily hefting up Jia Hyson's deceptively delicate body with his arms much to his shock. Damn, what were kids eating these days?!

Bebe: 'Not everyone was as weak and un-athletic as Host as a kid.'

Jia Hyson: 'I wasn't un-athletic! I was artistic and sensitive!'

Bebe: 'Yeah. Okay. Sure.'  

Jia Hyson: Hoho, his system has gotten bolder  

Gently but ultimately clumsily, Li Guiren tries to brush the dust and grime off Jia Hyson's body. Of course, even if the boy used steel wool to rub his porcelain body while he was inside the doll Jia Hyson would not feel anything except probably a sense of alarm and indignation over such a stupid act. Still, Jia Hyson greatly enjoyed the thought behind the action.

Given all the terror and such that he had recently collected courtesy of ATM Shen, he decides to indulge the kid a little and show him his more human form. To be honest, not even he had seen his own face since there weren't exactly any mirrors around and he didn't have much energy to waste on vanity in the first place. He couldn't help but feel a little nervous about showing himself despite knowing full well he was written to be a stunning pinnacle of human perfection.

Closing the door shut and locking the door, the room becomes several degrees colder making Li Guiren shiver. Suddenly a cold but familiar pale white hand touches his face, smelling faintly of ash and charcoal. Stroking his soft cheek before tilting his chin up slowly, the hand lets the boy see how silky black smoke seemed to curl upwards like dark mist from the doll in his arms, becoming less and less translucent the further up his gaze travels until he sees the darkness form a chest with broad but thin shoulders and slender, toned arms covered in what looked like a black long-sleeved traditional Tang shirt. The neck coming out of the collar was like the moon peeking behind a cloud on the darkest night and long black hair was billowing out everywhere like delicate strips of seaweed in the deepest ocean. Finally Li Guiren reaches Wei's face and even he, a child with little concepts of attraction and beauty could not help but suck in a breath at the sight of that face. It was indescribable. Those slanted peach blossom eyes that gave the young man a mournful yet enticing air, those soft lips, the soft yet sharp angles of his face... everything fit so well it was almost eerie how beautiful the man was.

Li Guiren felt this man was like one of those princesses from the fairy tales his mother loved to tell him. Hair as black as coal, skin as white as snow and lips as red as blood. A possessive feeling that had long sprouted in the little boy's heart bloomed violently.

"Xiao Ren," Jia Hyson smiles, his hand moving to affectionately stroke Li Guiren's hair, making sure to not scratch him with his nails. His voice was also just as pleasing as his appearance. Clear but soft, a gentle voice suited for sweet words and reassurance. However it was also a little hoarse and roughened with an underlying demonic echo, a hint of something monstrous, "You've done well," he praised and while it was said genuinely and his voice was very good, it somehow came out a little sinister.

Jia Hyson: '...Oh my god, I really do sound like a pedo supervillain talking to his underage sidekick.'

Bebe: 'What would that make Bebe?'

Jia Hyson: 'My Alfred supercomputer.'

Bebe: ...Aiyah, is it bad that I'm a little flattered?  

"Wei, you can talk?!" Li Guiren exclaims in amazement.

Jia Hyson gives the child an embarrassed look, "It takes a lot of energy right now but yes." His expression quickly turns serious, "Time is of the essence Xiao Ren. If you want to stay by my side you must tell me now, if not, throw me away and wait for your father to find me." This is Li Guiren's last chance to change his path, Jia Hyson no longer has the humanity to truly feel guilt if the boy changes his mind and he doesn't have the patience to wait until he grows old enough to fully comprehend his decisions. It was already kind enough he was offering to break their relationship off at all given his attachment to the kid. Or maybe it was because of this attachment he was even willing to offer it.

Li Guiren's eyes flash in a panic at the thought of Wei being helped by someone else other than him, being so close to someone else other than him. Even his own father was not acceptable. "N-No!" He shouts, fiercely hugging the fragile body tightly against his small chest, "I want to help! I can help! Really! I won't leave!"

Jia Hyson sighs, feeling moved by the indignant and reluctant cry. Once again he feels he really should warn the child, after all, has anyone seen any horror movie where a child is around a possessed doll and doesn't come out of it fucked up? Either turned demonic, psycho, reclusive, insane or dead. Sure there's always those happy endings one where the kid and his family walk hand and hand out of whatever haunted shitshow they stumbled into but come on, we all know that kid is being sent straight into therapy right after. "Xiao Ren, I think you already know that my spirit is tainted and my aims are impure, if you stay with me I fear you too will become twisted," he explains carefully. Jia Hyson was a little reluctant to be too crass and admit he planned to murder a bunch of people in a bunch of different ways.

"I don't care!" The obstinate boy declares, "No matter what I, Li Guiren, will be your friend forever! No! Matter! What!" If he had his hands free he would have probably thumped his chest to emphasize his conviction.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe, record this.' He May need it for future emergency fluff withdrawals aka legitimate psychotic murder ghost breaks.

Bebe: 'Already on it.'

Aaahh, despite their constant fighting, they really had quite compatible wavelengths. While they felt a little bad (more Bebe than Jia Hyson) they were truly reluctant to get rid of their family's small dumpling. However it will be okay! They (Bebe) will make sure to minimize anything to graphic in front of those pure eyes and also be helpful in other aspects like, like homework! Yeah! Jia Hyson's biology, English and literature marks had been very high back in the day and Bebe was one of the most advanced pieces of technology! Even if the kid becomes a reclusive demonic insane psycho he'll be a damn smart one!

"Fine," Jia Hyson shrugs helplessly as his heart is moved by Li Guiren's words, "I truly hope you won't regret,"

"I won't!" Li Guiren insists feeling more sure than anything in his little life. It was very cute. "Believe me! I want to be with you forever!"

Awww.

Jia Hyson smiles softly, his slanted peach blossom eyes giving the expression a hint of melancholy which cannot help but stoke a desire to protect him. On his original face it was enough to make many passerby's heart skip a beat, tricking them into an impression of a pure-hearted scholarly man. Even the people who had known him well could not help but be pulled into a false sense of bittersweetness when he smiled so gently like that, it was how he managed to sleep with so many of his editors after all despite the fact they all wanted to beat him to death more times any acquaintance should have. Now with a face 300% more perfect and beautiful even his worst enemy would have fallen to his knees and proposed much less a child completely defenseless to these sorts of poisonous beauties.

Stroking the kid's fluffy hair affectionately, Jia Hyson impulsively kisses his forehead before slowly fading away, turning into black smoke and dissipating, the faint smell of ash and a soft echo of "Good boy," lingering in the room.

Dazed, Li Guiren touches his forehead where cold but soft lips had pressed against. He stayed frozen in this position until his father came back for him. Li Du stepped in and looked around the room first before exclaiming in mild surprise.

"Xiao Ren! You really cleaned?!" He really had thought the kid would have taken the opportunity to snoop around. But shockingly the majority of the floor was swept clean! All the debris and broken dolls were pushed to a single corner, making a small hill that was rather terrifying to look at. Not to mention it had only been around ten minutes too! How impressive! "Well done!"

If Jia Hyson heard this train of thought he would have applauded. As expected of the horror genre trope father character that cared about his family but was ultimately a little neglectful due to various reasons! Really has no suspicions of anything off until it's too late and hits him right in the face like having Professor Shen lying in the middle of a dark room filled with broken dolls. He wonders if Li Du is going to be the type of father character that is going to be greedy and ignorant and keep living in this nice house or is he going to be sensibly cautious and ditch the house oblivious to the fact that the demon responsible is following right behind?

Bebe: 'Bebe votes cautious, he's already been weirded out by the room. Also, it doesn't look like he wants to continue dating Shen Wan.'

Jia Hyson disagrees, 'I think Li Du will think about leaving at first but since they've been here for so long he'll be reluctant. Moving is hard and from what I see, Shen Wan is an easy doormat given she's been babysitting her boyfriend's kid for this long. Eventually Li Du will dismiss his own unease in favor of keeping this easy lifestyle, especially since the annoying brother-in-law will be sent to a hospital or something depending on his injuries.'

However it didn't matter either way. Li Guiren was now his. And the path they will walk will be paved with the bodies of those that have wronged Bai Li Wei.. and the unfortunate future victims that will fit his still undecided modus operandi of murder. He's thinking all middle aged men but that's a little too on the nose in his opinion. Also, that would leave him without a personal main character to victimize! How could he justify attacking a group of teens if all he ever killed was guys in their mid-life crises?

Also ugh, he didn't want to center his whole murderous calling around old dudes, what was he? The least enthusiastic old folks home therapist ever? Hell no.

Meanwhile Li Guiren looked blankly at his father, after all he certainly didn't clean up. However after looking around the room he realized it was indeed much cleaner than before. Thinking about how Wei had broke Creepy Uncle Shen's hands with his hair, he realizes that he had been so entranced by Wei's face that he hadn't been paying attention to what the ghost's flowing hair had been doing during the conversation.

Li Guiren felt his chest go warm at the thought of his ghost friend's thoughtfulness. After all, even though he was a troublemaking kid, no one liked to be scolded so Wei's help behind the scenes further cemented Li Guiren's trust and good feelings toward the doll spirit. Silently he congratulates himself for managing to convince Wei into staying forever with him.

Sometimes it's not just dreams that are capable of inverting black and white, turning the illogical into the logical. While Wei may think he's trapping Li Guiren by keeping him by his side, who says that is the true reality of the situation?

With a wide smile, Li Guiren hugs the doll tightly, unwilling to let go.

Until they do us part.




Li Du did not notice the doll in his son's arms at first, too amazed his boy actually voluntarily did housework. However when he did, he also had to take a moment to recover after seeing such a beauty. He had never thought dolls were particularly attractive, maybe cute or pretty but never actually good looking like one would regard an actual human being. Now his worldview in this regards had shifted as Li Du admires the lovely doll.

"Xiao Ren, where did you get that?" He could've sworn that all the dolls on the floor were all smashed into pieces. And despite the dim, messy room, he was equally as sure he would have noticed such a captivating doll almost immediately. Mesmerizing, eerie, like a single light in the darkness, it's a feeling of the unknown staring back at him. There's just something about it... "She's really pretty," he weakly compliments, a little reluctant to admit that he may see why Professor Shen has such an obsession if all the dolls he collected looks like this one.

Li Guiren looked disdainfully at his father, "Wei is a boy," he says like it was obvious. Li Du felt a little wronged at such a tone from his young child. Okay so maybe now that he had gotten over the blinding beauty he realized the doll was a little masculine in places but come on! That long hair? Those red lips? The sultry slanted peach blossom eyes? No one would blink an eye if the figurine was dressed in women's clothing okay?

Li Du took another long look at Wei's face and inexplicably blushed. Quickly he looked away again. Li Du felt himself sweat a little as he forcibly pulled his gaze back to his son. Ah, for a moment he was almost bent by a doll! How dangerous, how dangerous!

Li Guiren narrowed his eyes at his father suspiciously, feeling a little strange. He loves his dad, respects him. Even though his dad isn't there often Li Guiren understood that he was off following his dream, even if he can't help but feel disappointed sometimes, he does to some extent understand. Other than that can of worms as well as the issue of girlfriends, the father-son pair don't often hold any long term resentment so this feeling of animosity Li Guiren felt toward his dad was in a way scarier than watching Wei attack Professor Shen.

Hugging the doll tightly for comfort, Li Guiren tries to push this uncomfortable feeling away. However despite trying to do so, his words came out short and a bit snappish, "Found Wei under the shelves. Going to keep him."

Li Du bites his lip and after some thought agrees. This kid rarely asks for much anyway and the doll did look pretty expensive. When he gets bored of the thing he can probably sell the doll for a high price as long as it isn't broken. At that idea, Li Du no longer felt too disgusted over his son wanting to play with such a girly thing, after all, doesn't this just mean his kid has a fine eye for treasures? Money has no gender! "Fine, fine, I suppose you can." He sighs in exaggeration. "However your.. Wei is very delicate. Don't drop him." And damage the merchandise.

"Obviously," Li Guiren rolls his eyes, angling the doll away from his father as if the view of such low IQ would hurt the spirit. To think his own dad thought he wouldn't protect Wei! And he said this right in front of Wei too! How humiliating!

Jia Hyson who was watching bemusedly couldn't help but shake his head. This kid was really a bit too much like Drake. Only likes to show his cute side to him and refuses to give face to his family. The Lanzoni family often liked to hug Adrian's thighs whenever they needed Drake to do something. Even the baby cousins had picked up the habit, going to him to ask Drake for their red packets on Chinese New Year for fear they would get empty ones if they ask straight from the source. It had been very funny.

Drake had noticed Jia Hyson had found it so amusing and loved to indulge him, not that he didn't also enjoy showing off how much he loved his baby to the family. Jia Hyson lights a candle for the Lanzoni family. They really had it tough back then. Then again, who asked for them to give birth to such an unreasonably overpowered male lead? All the talent and brain cells were sucked up from the family tree the moment Drake took his first breath in this world and unfortunately 80% of that talent and brain cells went into his face and dick.

Jia Hyson lights up another candle for the Lanzoni family. Poor bastards. At least Jia Hyson reaped the benefits from that face and dick though.

Bebe: '...Bebe misses the first world.'

Jia Hyson: 'Oh yeah?'

Bebe: 'Yeah. At least then you had other things to do other than talk with Bebe.'

Jia Hyson: '...' () - no one's inviting you for a conversation here okay? Feel free to leave anytime!

Of course Li Guiren as a child did not have the heart to be as merciless as Drake and with a small huff he mutters, "But I suppose... I suppose you can also help take care of Wei too. Not that I care or whatever."

Jia Hyson: 'Aaah! Is this the legendary tsundere? Quick Bebe record it! Record it!' Drake was either too tsun or too dere with people. Didn't count.

Bebe: '...Fucking nerd.' However it still recorded dutifully. A child acting tsundere was very cute. Bebe plans to send it to it's other system friends. System Wawa had recently been promoted to the Best Friend System and it's newest host is currently a floppy eared dwarf bunny so the content it had been sending out had been particularly fluffy. Even System 45113 who was still a basic supporting character system had a host masquerading as the main character's dog and System 81273's host was a literal angel baby. System Bebe, who was stuck with a shitty host in a horror story had felt particularly left out until now.

Li Du smiles and agrees indulgently. While he has no interest playing dolls with his son, encouraging him to take good care of it was okay. Cheaper than giving the kid a dog anyway. Besides, with Li Guiren's personality he truly didn't believe this obsession will last very long anyways.

Shen Wan was understandably stressed out about the whole situation. The strange sounds from that awful room... her brother's erratic and increasingly irritated attitude... and now this incident...

In a way Shen Wan was very sensible. Most 'modern' people of this time had adopted a 'scientific' outlook on their worldview and would have dismissed everything with a more logical reason like mental illness like Li Du, suppressing their doubts until it's too late to escape. However Shen Wan was a superstitious person who believed in ghosts, ghouls and gods. The next morning she had immediately gone to the local temple to request for a cleansing.

When Jia Hyson was carried by Li Guiren to the kitchen for a late breakfast and heard Shen Wan telling Li Guiren about the priest coming over he quietly wiped his brow in relief. An unexpectedly close call, if he had been left in that room he might've ascended to Heaven by the end of the day.

His little dumpling also understood the danger of the priest and quickly told her he was going to go out and play. Li Du was out with his band and Shen Wan was too busy worrying about the possibility of being haunted by dark things so after getting an absentminded response of possible affirmation he rolled his dark eyes and left, doll cradled carefully in his arms.

The Shen household was fairly rich, one of the main reasons why Li Du had pursued Shen Wan, so the house itself while not overly large was sitting on a good piece of land slightly away from the busy city. It was also how Shen Wan got to the temple so quickly, they were fairly close, only about twenty minutes by bike much to Jia Hyson's alarm. He's not sure how effective the temple is given how shitty the spiritual energy in this world is but he certainly wasn't curious enough to find out.

Jia Hyson: 'Such a pity ah, I wouldn't mind sucking off a few pure monks.'

Bebe: 'Host! That's terrible!'   'You Damn Pervert!'

Jia Hyson: 'I meant sucking off their negative energy, I figured that those that train their spirit must have some pure spiritual energy to absorb? Not to mention in horror movies it's the virgin with the best blood and energy and bullshit so obviously I want them pure?' ('')? 'Aiyah what did you think I meant?'

Bebe: '...'   Is, is Bebe's computing process too dirty now? To think there would be a day Bebe would think of such filthy things that even that pervert host hadn't thought of yet! Ah, Bebe really wants a deep hardware cleanse now!

Jia Hyson:   hehe stupid system

Li Guiren rode past the temple quickly, Jia Hyson sitting in the basket of his bike was well hidden under the boy's jacket praised the child's ingenuity. This kid was very street smart for his age. By riding past the temple they and hiding in the complete opposite direction of the house it decreases the odds of having Jia Hyson's ghostly scent being metaphorical picked up on.

"Take me somewhere dark," he tells Li Guiren as he tries to better cover himself with the jacket. If he tries to leave the doll under the light of the sun Jia Hyson unfortunately found himself re-experiencing the pain of burning once more. It's not as agonizing being exposed when he's inside the doll but both mentally, spiritually and physically it was very uncomfortable for him, especially when the porcelain heats up. "And cold if possible."

Li Guiren pauses before regretfully saying, "I already planned to go somewhere dark but for coldness..."

He sounded so aggrieved at not being able to fulfill his ghost friend's needs Jia Hyson's older brother instincts from his previous world automatically kicked in and he immediately felt the need to reassure the boy. "No worries, no worries," he soothes before plastering on some praise, "I'm proud you already though so far ahead. You've done the best you could have, it was my fault for not telling you before we left."

"No way," Li Guiren denies, "it's not your fault."

Jia Hyson, who knows that if he disagrees some more it would turn into one big, 'no, you hang up the phone,' 'no YOU hang up the phone,' sort of thing so he quickly jumps straight into the compromise, "It's both our faults," he states calmly, "however we're both new to this and mistakes are bound to happen. This gives us a good opportunity to learn from it and grow together."

"T-together?" Li Guiren stuttered sounding both nervous and delighted at the word. "Oh, okay then!"

They chat a bit as the child continues to cycle on. Jia Hyson as a person who had almost gotten a bachelor's in science, biology and zoology specifically, had a lot of fun but rather basic facts about various animals like how rabbits feed their babies their own excrement in order to pass their special gut bacteria to their digestive system to help better digest food matter. While gross, it greatly interested young boys who were typically all about violence and weird shit. As someone who was once a young boy himself he should know.

Bebe: 'Bebe bets you were a creepy fucking kid.'

Jia Hyson: 'I have to admit, my goth phase was a little longer than most.'

Bebe: 'How long?'

Jia Hyson: 'Ummm.. from ten to forty-six?'

Bebe: _ '...You died at forty-six.'

Jia Hyson: 'I hid it really well, even now I enjoy wearing black and I'm confident in my dissection skills.'  

Bebe was temporarily speechless at the boast. Could it be... his dumb spicy chicken host had misinterpreted what a goth is? Considerately this kindhearted system tries to rectify it's abnormal host's way of thinking.

Bebe: 'Host... are you sure you mean goth phase and not psycho phase?'

Jia Hyson: '...' He's curious but at the same time he knows he absolutely doesn't want to hear it.

Bebe: '...' Bebe knew it. Host doesn't actually know what goth is. Probably thinks goth and punk are the same thing too. Ah, for a well established famous author to have such a gap in knowledge like this... it's a pity Bebe can't post this online in host's original world hehe.

Finally they reach what looks like the outskirts of the suburban area. The grass was overgrown and barely a building in sight. Trees and shrubbery were wild and grown freely and the sounds of birds chirping and small animal sounds could be heard from the most dense looking areas. Truly it was a line between humanity and nature, very beautiful, definitely going to be bulldozed into a road in the next decade.

What was surprising about it was that straddling between this line of tidy pastures and wild vegetation was a large, old house. It was even bigger than the Shen household but it was rickety and old. It was obvious that it had been abandoned for a decade or two at least. There were vines crawling up the walls in a rather sinister fashion and a murder of crows sitting on the edge of the roof like a group of feathered gargoyles.

"I found this place when I was out exploring a while back," Li Guiren helpfully explains, "the uncle who sells soybean milk a few streets back told me there was a big thing that happened there a long time ago and no one wants to buy it since then."

"Do you know what the big thing was?" Jia Hyson asks curiously. Meanwhile Bebe after a short pause mentally tugged his consciousness to gain his attention.

'Host,' it starts, it's voice almost devoid with it's usual emotion, 'that's it.'

'What's it?' Jia Hyson mentally asks.

'That! The house!' Bebe shouts agitatedly, it's [Face Recognition] was level 1 so there was still a lot of limitations and processing time. If it's not a main character at around the correct age Bebe would have to take a minute or two to confirm their identity, the larger the age and appearance difference or the less related to the plot they are the longer and less accurate the [Face Recognition] was. 'It's the Demon House!'

Holy shit.

Li Guiren got off his bike and shrugged as he pushed it into a gap between the bushes and the wall of the house. It was clear he often came here to explore when he left the house to play. "Not sure, the adults don't like to say but some of the village kids in the neighborhood say that around thirty years ago, when their own parents were also kids that was when five people in the house were found dead." In a low voice he exaggeratedly whispers, "Apparently they were dabbling in black magic, demonic arts, there were symbols all over the place painted with blood!"

The more he talked the more rushed his words became in his excitement. Jia Hyson winces at the mention of bloody symbols, unwilling remembering his time in that chair tied up with intestines. However despite that little trigger, he was also just as interested in the story behind the infamous house as well. After all, it was the setting for the plot!

In the story they only touched the barebones behind the house, saying that many people had died or experienced many bad things but that was it! So generic! So lame! By providing an interesting history the place can become more intriguing, or at least less half-hearted. The fact that the first ones who had died were five people and there were five people in the main character's friendship group including himself should not be a coincidence.

Could the ritual require five people? What was the significance of the number five?

...should he start scattering a bunch of five-related stuff around the house before they come in the future? For like, symbolism? All the good movies have those. After all, there's nothing like the joy of rereading it all again to see the clues one would have easily ignored without seeing the whole picture. The Shining was full of various conspiracies and debates between fans, provoking others to reread what they had once missed. A good book is something the readers would happily read once. A great book is something that can cause the readers to read it multiple times. And a popular book is something that could invoke the readers interest to read it again and again, even years into the future.

Jia Hyson understood this. Really. He did. But fuck, to do this shit in reality was way more annoying than writing it down.

Other than the number five, there was another point Jia Hyson couldn't help but mull over. In both Li Guiren's vague rumors and the original story, there are mentions of summoning a demon but the demon had never appeared. In the original story the bullies masterminding the whole thing had failed and according to the law of plot, the five original tenants of the demon house shouldn't have been successful either. Even if they had been, there should've been more rumors and stories about people dying and such but it seems other than the mysterious death of five, there had been not much supernatural news other than the house was haunted from then on. So in both cases there should be no demon.

Then what killed the five original tenants?

Jia Hyson originally had the idea the demon summoned could've done it but then how come it couldn't have killed more people? Did the ritual only partially work or maybe one of the people stopped the process in time at the cost of their life? Since Jia Hyson wasn't sure of the state of their bodies or deaths he couldn't provide a decide theory. However, he couldn't help but wonder.

Was the ritual even to summon a demon in the first place?




There wasn't much to be done just hemming and hawing however. Theories were just theories. Questions were just questions. One needed action for answers. Or google. But that unfortunately won't be around for a while which was quite a scary thing in itself. Jia Hyson had never really wanted to be put in a world where he was older than google. Like. He doesn't know what's up with the technology situation in this world but he saw a phone booth while Li Guiren biked here and there was actual young people lining up behind it. Ugh.

Forget vintage he's going to be a literal antique when the plot finally arrives. Literally, literally. How depressing.

"You've been here often?" Jia Hyson asks a little doubtfully and disapprovingly. However it wasn't as if he didn't believe Li Guiren, he had a feeling this kid was more rebellious and adventurous than he had let on to him, but it was a little hard to swallow for a man who had been around during the age of helicopter parenting. His mother was a bit of one too, well, in certain areas anyway.

Bebe: 'What areas?'

Jia Hyson: 'You know, when I first traveled overseas for a university course unit or cooking or going out with friends. She was pretty chill about sex though as long as I didn't get any girl pregnant and I had to live together with her for at least two years before marriage so I'm sure. Other than that she told me to go wild but don't drink at clubs. Which was redundant because it turns out most night clubs are either loud and sucky or pretentious and boring.'

Bebe: 'She didn't know you were bi?'

Jia Hyson: 'Nah not at the time. Well, when she found out about me liking guys as well it hit her pretty hard but after a while she accepted it as long as I was happy... and I had to promise to wear a condom and never get a tattoo or any piercings, which, is the same stuff she said when I was a teen and I don't like needles so whatever.'  

Bebe: 'She sounds like a good mother.'

Jia Hyson: 'Yeah, you know, I still remember her last words to me when I left for Sri Lanka on my own for my first internship.'

Bebe: 'Oh?'

Jia Hyson: 'I think her exact words was... be careful not to get rped, mummy will bail you out of jail no matter what and if all else fails wear a condom lol (). Yeah, she was really into safe sex.'

Bebe: '...' Bebe takes it back, host's mother was also whacked in the head ah. 'What about your father?'

Immediately Jia Hyson's voice went cold, 'Who cares?' Because of the experiences of this current world and his skills [Psychotic Break], [Malevolent Intent] and [If Looks Can Kill], Jia Hyson's ability to subconsciously exude a terribly intimidating murderous intent had become quite formidable.

Bebe, who had never been on the other side of such killer intent felt frightened and chose not to pursue such obviously complicated manners anymore. Since the information he had gotten before getting hosts were more superficial and skin deep for privacy reasons (or it would have long known about his host's true personality before they met) it didn't have too much information on Jia Hyson's past that couldn't be found in his technological footprint. It can bring up his host's previously deleted deviant art account or birthday photos from Facebook but it wouldn't have known the stories behind them. However, despite photographic evidence it seems it's Host has some very severe issues with his father? Ah, it's okay, Bebe can wait till the next world to ask... when host is less... murder-y QAQ

"I found this place about two weeks ago," Li Guiren admits truthfully after some hesitation. He felt a little guilty from keeping it from Wei who he considers his best friend. Wei was always very caring, when he told him about how he punched a kid on the playground Wei immediately asked if he was okay instead of scolding him like dad or Auntie Shen. Of course Wei did also scold him a little about recklessly fighting in public but that was different! It made more sense than the adults' shouting and Li Guiren could sense the thought and care put into the lecture, it made his chest itch as if a kitten was scratching gently at his heart.

Bebe at the time: 'Bebe doesn't know what to feel.'

Jia Hyson: 'Come on, do you really think I hadn't done other shit than what my police records say?   Even if the kid won't be my direct accomplice, I should at least teach him the basics of living life!'

Bebe: 'Okay, Bebe knows exactly what to feel now.'  

Just as he expected, Wei made a very discontented 'hmmmm...' noise like a teacher who found his favorite student didn't do this week's homework or a dissatisfied lover ready to give the cold treatment. Even though he didn't know why he thought of the latter impression Li Guiren instinctively felt himself break into a pile of nervous sweat at the thought despite never having a lover. Somehow... he felt such a sound from his favorite doll spirit was not good ah?

Hurriedly he began to explain, "I didn't tell you because, because I want to surprise you! And, and to say I just found a house without exploring it myself would be really boring so I thought if I looked around a bit then I'll tell you later but then I thought maybe there was something in the nearby forest that I could get you for a gift except there wasn't any nice flowers and when I came back I was really tired and then I guess I just forgot and, uh,"

"Enough," Jia Hyson shakes his head helplessly. Li Guiren was cute but damn he was one chatty kid. Maddy would have had a run for her money if she faced off with this kid. Even when her brown hair turned white as snow she could still chirp like birds in spring. Luckily she was cute even as an old lady so Jia Hyson never kicked her out of his and Drake's expensive as fuck house.

Jia Hyson takes a peek at the gloomy, moldy and broken exterior of the house that will be where he lives in the future... ah, really misses that expensive as fuck house! Even the doll room had special ventilation and temperature control to minimize mold and insects and such! Wuwuwu he'll never do a Skill Upgrade world again!

"I'm sorry," Li Guiren immediately apologizes with a wronged face that looked pathetically adorable on his face.

Jia Hyson laughs dryly, "Don't pull that on me, I'm the one who thought you that trick," however it really was too effective, even his disgruntlement of not being told had faded but he would still be strong! After all, this kid really traveled off far into the middle of nowhere! Went into an abandoned house! Even explored unknown possibly dangerous vegetation where snakes and all sorts of poisonous things could be hiding! Where was his sense of danger ah?! His father needed to at least instill the basics of danger awareness because damn if he has to do it himself! "What if there was a killer or a rapist hiding in the house? What if there was a diseased animal? Or you fell and got injured due to the weak floorboards? If I don't know where you are how can I help you when you're in trouble!" He began to nag ruthlessly and incessantly.

Ah, didn't he do this to Maddy and Drake as well? What Beta system, more like Babysitting system...

Bebe: 'There actually is a Babysitting System, I can offer a transfer...'

Jia Hyson: 'Hahaha yeah right, you're stuck with me baby, (  ) muah-,'

Bebe: QAQ

Li Guiren hung his head down, feeling very wronged. After all, in the end, his adventure was very useful to Wei wasn't it? So it was a good thing he came here! But at the same time he felt a little pleased at the attention and care as it was clear Wei was worried for him. After all, if he didn't care why would he scold?

If Bebe heard this it would despair at how once again it's host has awakened another person's M side. First the supposed domineering scum male lead and now a cute rebellious dumpling. Really... too terrible.

After a few minutes of nagging, Jia Hyson finally was satisfied when Li Guiren tearfully promised to do his best to always tell him where he's going. If the kid ever goes missing who knows if his father, who's frequently away for days if not weeks, or Shen Wan who may not necessarily be listening, would remember his last location? Those incompetent horror movie mob characters can't be relied on okay?

Once the promise was made to his satisfaction, regally Jia Hyson demanded to be shown around like a rich person at an open house. However once they stepped in Jia Hyson immediately ordered the child to stop.

There were ghosts in the house.

It was a strange feeling. Jia Hyson came from a world without the supernatural or where people with psychic powers or auras existed. Sure he had written those sort of worlds but it was with the knowledge of previous stories to back him up. A killing aura is not something that actually exists in his reality yet he and everyone else in that world who reads fiction can more or less describe it as something filled with pressure, dark, scary and so on.

When a person is described to sense a ghost there is almost always a cold chill, hairs stand up from the back of their neck and they involuntarily shiver. However as a ghost himself, it would be strange to hold the same reaction. A human is half yin, half yang, with men generally being more yang and women more yin, however compared to a ghost made of pure yin energy of course they would feel the difference should they sense it. A ghost touching another ghost should not experience the same cold temperature if both of them become tangible and touch.

...Jia Hyson isn't sure if they can touch when they're in their ghostly form but the point should still be valid anyway.

However because they're non-corporeal they are more sensitive to changes in the atmosphere. That's why Jia Hyson could somehow feel the presence of these other ghosts and he's sure those others also sensed him. If he was forced to describe it, the best way to explain it was possibly like how bats echolocate yet not. More subtle? And he can feel it faintly with his whole body? But it's more than changes in the atmosphere as well, maybe it can be seen as fluctuations in the reality itself? Like the spirits didn't belong in the living world so their very existence disrupts the reality around it which is what Jia Hyson is feeling. Again very strange. He would strive to write down the feeling later.

The presence of the other ghosts were quite weak, barely a ripple in the realm of reality. If Jia Hyson was more experienced with sensing various things he might have missed it, like missing the leaves for favor of looking at the trees. However Jia Hyson was still wary.

He was a new ghost, just under a year old really so maybe he was not as sensitive or maybe the other spirits are able to mask their presence somewhat. This was another's territory and while it would be one day he his own as well, currently he was just a small outsider intruding. The powers of ghost were not simple and he still has Li Guiren to consider. Therefore it was best if he sounds them out first.

"Xiao Ren," Jia Hyson calmly says to the boy, "there's other spirits hiding around here. I can't stray too far from the doll so I'll have to ask you to carry me," the last part was said apologetically and embarrassedly. As a last resort he can inhabit the doll's body again to move around but how long would that take? Not to mention the energy usage... no, no it would be better to save it for skills like Hair Control. Offense is the best defense anyway. "Be careful of the floorboards and if I say to stop or leave the house, you stop or leave immediately okay?"

Li Guiren nods seriously, "Un, whatever you say Wei," even though he felt very unwilling he understood that he wasn't going to be able to do anything against ghosts. Even Police Detective Xi on tv wouldn't be able to fight ghosts! How on earth could he?!

Slowly they crossed the large entrance foyer and around the rickety staircase before passing into what looked like some sort of lounge area with battered moth eaten couches that are barely staying upright among various items that once could've been considered antiques but now can only be described as moldy pieces of junk. Jia Hyson thinks he can spot a Ming vase that was practically half dust and mourns at such a waste of good objects all for the sake of atmosphere.

Why did no one steal anything? Did the ghosts scare them off? Was it all haunted? Because if it was the latter they could just sell it off can't they? Like damn. He was thinking about doing it himself. There was probably something around this large place that hadn't completely lost his value right? Ah, ah, if he can raise the dumpling to make money wouldn't that be very good? Slap the cultists into bankruptcy would probably be pretty good too right?

Bebe: 'Host... please don't change the genre...'

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, but the most horrifying thing in this world is the greed and selfishness of man no?'  

Bebe: '...This System cannot argue with that.' After all, it's greedy and selfish host was quite horrifying to be around.  

Jia Hyson: ...Even though his system agreed with him why does he feel so angry? _

Finally they stopped at a large bookcase where Jia Hyson senses the 'ghostly resonance' the strongest. He gives the dusty bookcase a judging look. A secret entrance behind a bookcase. Wow. How original.

Unlike Jia Hyson though, when he was told, Li Guiren was very excited. "A secret entrance! Cool! Police Detective Xi also finds many of these, don't worry Wei! I'll find the way in!" He declares confidently, thumping his little puffed up chest before circling around the bookcase like he had been injected with chicken blood.

It was a little unfortunate that there was no secret convoluted way to get into the entrance like in the child's favorite television show. It was an old house and while the owners had been rich they weren't stupid rich. Even Jia Hyson had wanted something like this when he was younger when he could afford to buy two houses with his royalties of his second fantasy book known as 'Seilic: The Wave before the Highest Tide' that had surprisingly become a big hit among the older adults. However when discussing the price for renovating a house to include such complex trapdoors and secret hiding places Jia Hyson was quickly enlightened towards the cruel merciless reality.

By the time he could comfortably afford to pay such expenses, Jia Hyson had lost interest in the idea and felt it rather frivolous to invest so much in a house he would definitely get lost and die in.

However, after a few minutes of watching the kid futilely yet still determinedly try and find some sort of switch or mechanism in the old bookcase, Jia Hyson couldn't help but take some pity on him and invisibly pushed the furniture to the side after Li Guiren knocked against the left side lower corner of the wooden frame. His black eyes were bright with joy as the bookcase slowly moved aside. This little dumpling was so excited he jumped up from where he had been crouched down before and waved his hands around victoriously.

"I did it Wei! I did it!" He shouts, his milky young voice sweet and full of happy laughter, "Did you see that Wei? Did you?"

"Un," Jia Hyson and Bebe both silently chuckled. In such a dreary world their dumpling was particularly very pleasing.

Appearing fully again Jia Hyson gives Li Guiren a soft, indulgent smile, rubbing his head affectionately, "You did very well Xiao Ren, I'm very impressed."

Li Guiren beams.




Feeling spirited from the praise Li Guiren bravely leads the way down, holding the doll carefully as he chatters on cheerily about how cool this all was. There was absolutely not a trace of fear in his face. Jia Hyson couldn't help but admire the ignorant bliss that came from being such a simple child. Even he, an evil small ghost, was feeling deep unease the further down they went into the creepy tunnel.

He may not feel too much anymore but he can remember emotion. The more negative the better though. If he sees something that he knows disgusted him he will thus treat it disgustedly. And this place, this place was pretty disgusting. No place for a child.

There was mold! It was so dark! Did he hear a rat?! ()

"Xiao Ren," he says nervously, "Don't, don't go too fast. This old place is a bit slippery and damp. Be careful, watch your step ah,"

Li Guiren rolls his eyes but there was a pleased little smile on his lips, "Aiyah, I know, I know," he replies a little exasperatedly. His ghost friend was too nice, it was hard to believe he was capable of breaking someone's hands with his hair alone.

Even though hurting people like that is very wrong, they had hurt Wei first so it was okay. Li Guiren has decided to protect his friend until the very end. Like Police Detective Xi with the pretty Miss Chen Huifang. Except, Li Guiren decides in his heart, Wei was much better looking than Miss Chen. Un, cannot compare.

()

Once they reach the end Jia Hyson shudders at the sight of the room.

It looked way too similar to his own death basement.

Did... did all crazies have the same taste in interior design? Why was it all grey cement and black candles? Seriously, there are no guidelines about the color of these things. The dark magic niche group is allowed to have walls of color!

If Jia Hyson would have a creepy ritual room he would make it all blood red. Red walls, red candles, red lighting. Can you imagine how freaked out one would be after crossing a dark tunnel to see such an unexpected yet still disturbing sight? The impact would be much bigger! Even better, it would be harder to see the bloodstains and markings, was it a clean room or was the red all from the blood of the past victims who knows?! Such a nice surprise for later! ()Hahaha!

No, no, an even better idea is to own a forest and chase his victims around until they find a secret door. Once they escape through after some twists and turns they'll find themselves in an underground small forest! The grass would be filled with a bloody ritual circle, trapping them and filling them all with despair! Yes! And there must be cameras too!  This Laozi wants to see them cry!!!

Bebe: '...' Bebe wants to know how long Host has thought about this but Bebe is too afraid to ask. Because any answer is the wrong answer.

While Jia Hyson chatted with his system to ward off the anxious feeling inside him at the reminders of his past. Li Guiren who was a child that seemed to hold no fear, explored the place with great interest. Jia Hyson felt this was a little abnormal. The yin energy in this place was so rich and dense he felt immediately revitalized and strengthened, but most living people would definitely feel sick and cold, not to mention fearful and uneasy. However it seems the child barely noticed the yin energy, too wrapped up in searching for clues like his favorite character Police Detective Xi.

'The kid seems to have a rare yang body,' Bebe who was more informed about these sort of fantasy world dynamics, comments. 'Bebe doesn't believe he has a pure yang body or he would fully repel yin-based creatures such as host but he has enough to be greatly unaffected by many effects of ghosts, can even fight against them if trained. The temple would happily take him in.'

Jia Hyson: '...what a nice double edged sword I've picked up.'

Aiyah he felt very complicated by this sudden unexpected small golden finger. On one hand, he doesn't have to worry too much about Li Guiren getting sick or any strange side effects because of staying too long by his side which would expose him to a lot of yin energy, on the other, this will make him harder to control when he grows up. If Li Guiren ever wanted to turn his back on Jia Hyson and kill him...

Ah, that sort of dog blooded scene of child betrays parent for the greater good or for a woman is too beautiful to think about. Let's not contemplate it again. Lest Jia Hyson with a [Psychotic Break] at level 10 does something that he currently is emotionally unable to fully regret.

Bebe: '...' Aiyah Bebe doesn't want a Host with a special skill that allows him lose what little empathy he has and is able to seriously consider killing children. It's already enough that it's Host is a pervert with SM tendencies, that lusts over any good face, and likes to imagine terrible horror-themed scenarios to anyone who has annoyed him okay? Which Overseer did he offend to get such a scary host?? Can Bebe apologize??

"Wei, Wei!" Li Guiren suddenly calls out, "Look!"

Jia Hyson glances at Li Guiren, still lost in his unethical thoughts before he violently broke out of his daze, "Li Guiren!" He shouted, "Don't step on a skull! What are you doing?! It's dirty!" This bear child-!

Li Guiren pouted but inwardly he was deeply satisfied. Wei had been silent for a while, looking at him with a cold, unnerving gaze which had unsettled him. He truly felt that if he let his friend continue thinking whatever he had been thinking about it would be very not good for him.

Wei may be a good person but he was still a spirit that came from bad intentions. It was up to Li Guiren to make sure he doesn't fall too deep! Like Police Detective Xi and his cold young genius protege he was trying to nurture Zhang Song. Zhang Song is a very good boy but sometimes he can't help but do bad things like beat a robber almost to death or set a trap which causes the evil CEO to go permanently blind and deaf.

Later on Jia Hyson, who hadn't been out long enough to understand the current media trends, will realize that Police Detective Xi wasn't a children's cartoon kids enjoy to watch on Sunday mornings but a dog-blooded crime show that mothers like to watch on the weekends because of the thrill and the handsomeness of the cast. It also served as good talking material as some of the episodes could get very messy, life, death, mercy and despair. It wasn't a bad show, just... not one really suitable for children to watch.

One episode is about an hour and the show aired everyday with reruns. There was no way someone didn't notice Li Guiren was watching mature content. Jia Hyson sneers at the so-called adult supervision the kid had. No wonder he was still so weirdly calm after seeing Professor Shen get attacked, as well as those other messy events.

However that was in the future and currently Jia Hyson was still under the impression that his family's dumpling was very innocent and cute but a little too brave for his own good. To casually play with a human skull- goodness! Even he hadn't been exposed to mild gore until he had been about ten okay!?

Bebe: '...what?'

Jia Hyson: 'Look, it was my first time taking care of goldfish okay? And the pet lady said it was fine to feed them live worms. How was I supposed to know they would get a craving for flesh?!'

Bebe: '...what.'

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, my mother's favorite fish Fatty was the first one to get hit. So sad, one day he had two eyes the next he only had one. Could see the pink little curve where the eyeball used to sit. Poor Fatty kept swimming at an angle for two days before he finally disappeared.'

Bebe: '...how many goldfish did you have?'

Jia Hyson: 'I think around sixteen? We also had those snails that cleaned the algae. I suspect they are responsible for us being unable to find the remains.'

Bebe: '...' what a massacre.

Jia Hyson: 'Long story short the last one standing after a fortnight died of a stomachache.'

Bebe: '...' wow

Jia Hyson: 'The moral of this story is that cannibalism will fill your stomach but not necessarily your heart.' .

Bebe: '...' Isn't the moral of the story not to give you small things to raise lest you turn them into killers?

Jia Hyson: 'Damn, you know what, I'm really craving some fish and chips right now.'

Bebe: '...' Please stop.

Li Guiren obediently lifted his foot away from the skull, and suddenly Jia Hyson could sense the room give a sigh of relief. Actually, the presence of the spirits had become even stronger like previously they had been hiding and now they were peeking out, "Who's there?!" He shouts, "Show yourself!"

There's a pause, as if the demand needed to settle into the room before it could be processed. However after a moment the room immediately went even colder than before. Li Guiren shivers, his little breath now visible. Jia Hyson felt a little distressed for his pitiful cold dumpling but it was muted enough to ignore in favor of staring at the trio of ghosts that appeared.

One woman and two men. The woman was dressed elegantly, her black dress decorated with hand sewn white flowers with honey gold centers. One of the men was also dressed up expensively, a silk crimson tang suit filled with dragons and the other was more conservative and scholarly, wearing glasses and a simple western long-sleeved white shirt and grey pants. They were all equally very attractive, not defying gravity beautiful like Bai Li Wei but definitely good-looking enough to be strong contenders for Asia's next top specter.

Jia Hyson appreciated their appearance for a moment before appreciating the trio's own reaction to his beauty. Since they were all ghosts they could easily see each other unless they actively hid. If Jia Hyson preferred to live inside the doll the other ghosts will only know a ghost is inside the doll but not necessarily their appearance. Since Jia Hyson dislikes living inside it however, the trio could see Bai Li Wei's beautiful ghostly figure floating around the doll and the boy holding the doll.

Their expressions could be described as the shock of realizing there were truly mountains beyond mountains. That there was always something bigger and better than you in the wide world. The little boy was so cute and lovable holding a pretty doll and the young ghost was simply too stunning to look straight at! The aesthetic combination of the three subjects together greatly outweighed their own trio.

They hadn't been dead for that long, did the next generation eat heavenly pills to suddenly look so good?

Meanwhile the family dumpling was looking around cluelessly. If the ghosts don't purposely show themselves it is hard for living people, especially those with more yang energy in their bodies to see them. Since women are more inclined to yin attributes they are naturally a little more sensitive to these sort of things but on the downside they'll be more affected by ghosts as well. Which makes sense given women seemed to always be the first one to sense something amiss in the starring group of a horror scenario, well, unless they were ditzy bimbos or those people who refuse to believe in anything but science right up until a ghost plunges a hand into their chests and rips them apart into bloody messes.

Their pale faces would contrast delightfully against the crimson blooming meat flowers bursting out of their chest, crimson vines curling out from their exposed ribs down cooling flesh, they could only give a helpless squawk of dismay, shock and indignation before they fall into an ungainly heap on the cold floor...

Bebe: 'Host, your internal monologues have gotten gorier...' The plot ideas and short stories it's host has recorded in Bebe's data for when he can finally write again were all horror stories and tragedies. Not one single happy ending and not one intact body after death. Very hard to read. But it was unfortunately still very good, better than a lot of other stories and so Bebe, with nausea and the data equivalent of gritted teeth, keeps secretly reading it over and over.

"Wei? What's going on? Are they here?" Li Guiren felt puzzled and irritated at being left out. His mood was even worse because he couldn't see Wei but those other ghosts probably could. That wasn't fair, Wei was his friend! Wei can only be seen by him, held by him, they must share all their secrets and help each other forever! This sort of illogical possessiveness was hard to understand for most people but young little Li Guiren felt it was made perfect sense.

Patting the boy on the head soothingly, a silent gesture to keep calm and quiet, Jia Hyson then turned to the three ghosts with a faint polite smile. The trio who was still struck dumb by his beauty were simply blinded by this barely present smile. Aiyah, it was already unfair enough to be so pretty okay? Why is it when he smiles the beauty is doubled, no, tripled? How devastating!

"Hello," Jia Hyson greets nicely, unwilling to make a bad impression for his future housemates as well as the keys to uncover the mystery behind this house. "My name is Bai Li Wei. You must be the original tenants?"

"Yes," The woman spoke up first, looking a little awkward but not uncomfortable receiving unexpected guests, "I am Xia Cuifen, the scholar over there is Zhou He and the other one is Bai Honghui."

"Hello," Zhou He fiddles with his sleeve nervously and Bai Honghui just nods and makes a sound of acknowledgement, crossing his arms in an intimidating 'I'm waiting' posture.

Jia Hyson gives all three of these pretty people a thumbs up. An independent courteous woman, a shy intelligent gentleman and an arrogant rich boy. Aiyah some of his favorite flavors along with stoic military virgin, wild animal tsundere, passionately lustful yet timidly romantic and obliviously pining idiot.

"Wei?" Li Guiren calls out again.

Jia Hyson sighs and leans over to whisper in Li Guiren's ears a quick introduction, unwilling to show his corporeal state since he wanted to save energy in case he must fight. However, just this action alone made the three ghosts shocked.

"You can communicate with him?" Zhou He questions with wide eyes. "How?"

With a weird look at them, Jia Hyson answers easily, "By putting spiritual energy into your voice?"

The three were once again looking at him with dumb looks.

Jia Hyson looks at these 'old hands' with confusion and a bit of contempt. They've been haunting this house for over thirty years right? And yet they can't even figure out how to imbue some spiritual power into their voices? They have such a good environment to cultivate the negative energy but their potential as ghosts seems fairly bad, can't even do basic ghost shit. Don't they know hearing an invisible person crying in an abandoned house like this is one of the most unnerving things to hear in the middle of the night? There's no point of being a ghost if you can't communicate okay? Aiyah such a waste, no wonder the quality of paranormal activity in the story was so terrible despite being a haunted house for over a hundred years.

"Spiritual energy?" The woman carefully questioned.

The contempt in his eyes deepens, "You do realize we are spirits right? We need to absorb negative yin energy to improve our spiritual states which is essentially energy. Hence, spiritual energy." His tone has immediately turned cold and sternly condescending. The three adult ghosts suddenly recalled the memory of a teacher back when they were still quite young, sneering down at the class as they all failed to answer a simple maths problem asking how they could possibly not know such a basic thing. The young teenage ghost had the exact same unsightly expression and tone. Even the pressure they felt back then was the same, the pressure of someone of a higher status looking down on you.

Bai Honghui, the domineering looking aristocrat was even more intimidated. He had a very good family background but very strict and high standards to uphold meaning he had constantly been terrorized by many of his childhood tutors, especially his etiquette ones. For a moment he had the irrepressible fear that this little jade ghost would bring out the rattan and hit the back of his legs.

Subconsciously they all shrank away with ashamed faces.

Pretty faces and empty heads! Jia Hyson spat inconsiderately in his mind as he looked at these three seniors quivering silently like lowly quails. While he doesn't want to admit it, over time Jia Hyson could vaguely feel his temperament become more short tempered, controlling and vicious. If he didn't already have a lifetime of bickering friendship with his system or felt such a strong similarity with his past love, Bebe and Li Guiren wouldn't be treated with such a friendly attitude still. He knew he had to train up the ghosts in this mansion but who knew the first batch was so incompetent?!

Other than the fairy in the mirror, the doll ghost which is himself, the three specters in the basement which must be this trio, the story also mentions a few other spirits that Jia Hyson has to keep an eye. There were at least six more important ghosts, the drowned girl in the bathroom, the phantom shadow in the hall, the disfigured child who wants to play, the black bride looking for revenge, the doctor that enjoys experiments, and the toy soldier that constantly makes rounds around the house. Each had potential but had ultimately acted as nothing but soy sauce for most of the story, if this could be translated into movie terms, they were all basic bitch jump scares. Scary at first, but ultimately bland, boring and frankly a little annoying.

The three specters were possibly the most soy sauce to ever soy sauce, in fact, they were so lame the basement was officially considered a safe space in the group by the third time they entered. Just vague white silhouettes in the corner of the room where you can occasionally hear their whispering. Even at the climax of the story they failed to do anything but whisper a little louder than usual, making the individuals feel their hair stand on end before running out unscathed. Jia Hyson had been stunned as he read about such useless ghosts and now all he could feel was utter disdain.

It seems old ginger doesn't get spicier with age. They just turn stale.  

Bebe: ...those old gingers aren't getting spicier but his old Host certainly is.




Sensing Jia Hyson's disdain the three shamed ghosts glanced at each other before swallowing their pride and knelt onto the ground. It wasn't just the knowledge they didn't possess that made them want to submit but also the power of the teenage ghost that they could clearly feel emanating from him. While their spiritual senses and powers were not strong they could instinctively feel the gap between them like three blind mice facing a lion.

"Please!" Xia Cuifen shouts, she was a woman who knew when to bow her head and when to lift it, "Teach us lowly spirits about harnessing spiritual energy!"

"Please!" Surprisingly Bai Honghui, the rich looking lord was next, even going as far as kowtowing three times. He was a man who was used to power and strength, living as a helpless wraith in this slowly rotting house had made him very willing to pledge his small life to anyone who could help him. He wasn't disillusioned enough to think he could escape but if his lifestyle could improve just a bit...

When Zhou He, the scholar saw his friends begging he also followed. It seemed he had very high pride, even beaten down to this extent he still hesitated in asking for help improve his spiritual self. Jia Hyson in the past probably wouldn't have minded it so much but now he was more spiteful and petty, he felt pleased at the former two's subservient manner and irritated by Zhou He's reluctance. He secretly decided he wanted to break this scholar down until he would beg shamelessly for even a single glance toward him.

Bebe: ...it seems Host's S side is back with a tyrannical vengeance

"Tell me your background first," Jia Hyson says after half a minutes worth of silence passed. He already was obligated to help them but in order to do that he needed their origin story. How they died seems to greatly influence their specialized powers.

For example, Jia Hyson reluctantly found he was very skilled in Ghost Fire despite never using it, in fact this cursed skill was the one that gains the most points when he was grinding his hatred. Currently it is valued at eighty-one points. He can only determine that his affinity with fire after the way he burnt to death was now fated, thankfully [Psychotic Break] has numbed that fear enough he can use it on his enemies. However, as much as he rather enjoys the idea of watching people suffer the same way he did, he still can't help but avoid trying it out. No one likes reliving terrible memories after all.

The trio glance at each other again, a little uneasy but they quickly spilled their story. It wasn't like they had a reputation to defend anymore, and the people that had known them were practically half a foot in the grave already.

The story was very... scandalous to say the least. Jia Hyson hadn't expected these three soy sauce ghosts to have such a colorful history.

Like Li Guiren had said before there were five people that had died in the incident. Xia Cuifen, Bai Honghui, Zhou He and another woman named Xu Xiu. The fifth person was a nameless servant that technically committed suicide after leaving the house so he really didn't count though.

Now, all four of them were friends since childhood, very close, very attractive and very eye-catching in terms of temperament and skill. Xia Cuifen was a wealthy merchant's daughter and had a good eye for business and quality goods. Bai Honghui's family had ties to the royal family and was essentially nobility. Zhou He was the only commoner but his parents ran a very successful restaurant and he himself was very intelligent, winning first place in various poetry competitions and second place in the imperial examinations. Xu Xiu like Bai Honghui also had good connections to the royal family, in fact, her own status was much higher than the Bai's, her older brother was a successful great general that married the sixth princess and her father was recently promoted to Head of Finances.

Honestly, Jia Hyson wonders why all these high spec people were doing in such a small town, no the question should be what was flowing through the water here that managed to produce such high spec people in the first place.

Xu Xia and Bai Honghui had a good relationship and their family status were equally high, a marriage between them was decided by the family. This wedding was the beginning of the end for these shining stars.

With four people, two men and two women, all with good looks, attractive personalities and background, how could there not be secrets? They were friends so long, eventually there will be a point where affection can turn into love and comrades into rivals.

Bai Honghui was in love with Xia Cuifen. He liked Xu Xia and thought she could make a good wife for someone with her sweet looks and demure personality but ultimately was not suited toward himself. He was more attracted to the more strong-willed and fiery business woman Xia Cuifen. Secretly he gave a lot of money from Xu Xia's pocket into Xia Cuifen to curry favor.

However, what he hadn't known at the time after his wedding, was that shortly after, Xia Cuifen and Xu Xia had gotten together.

Yes, Bai Honghui had been given a green hat by his childhood sweetheart and his wife. Even Jia Hyson could not look straight at the man's ugly expression as he explained the situation. Aiyah, what a train wreck. And yet it wasn't even halfway over.

Xia Cuifen then stepped up to clarify that during the affair she truly held no tender feelings for Xu Xia. In fact, over time she had grown to resent and hate this pampered little miss. She also took money and gifts from Xu Xia as 'compensation' for having to degrade herself to be with that whiny girl as well as spread rumors about her being a horny loose woman that spread her legs for woman, men and anything else that can sate the thirst between her legs.

At this moment Jia Hyson instantly concocted a dogblooded story of the woman falling in love with groom and secretly stealing the bride with the scholar who was in love with her helping out in the sidelines. But when Zhou He continued the story he was slapped in the face by the amount of dog blood added in, his own drama story paling in comparison.

"I love Bai Honghui." Zhou He states, making Bai Honghui look away awkwardly. After that confession he continues monotonously recalling what happened next. Zhou He knew that Xia Cuifen was in love with himself a long time ago, he had rejected her and told her of his forbidden love for his good brother. She had been shocked at first but Xia Cuifen was open minded and sincerely loved Zhou He, the type of love where she will be happy if he is happy so when Bai Honghui and Xu Xia married they plotted to break them up. While Xu Xia is being seduced, Zhou He would try swoop in to pursue his love.

Both Jia Hyson and Bebe was speechless. There was a lot to unpack here. Essentially, the scholar was gay for the rich boy, the rich boy was in love with the businesswoman, the businesswoman was in love with the scholar but was willing to play wingman in the gayest way... and Xu Xia was just an unfortunate lightbulb in this love triangle. Who know where her heart lay.

Whether she really fell in love with Xia Cuifen or she had other desires, either way it was all broken when she somehow learnt the truth from the nameless manservant. The trio were not sure of the details of when she found out or what exactly she did after but a fourteen months after the wedding they woke up in this basement.

At this part all of their faces turn gloomy.

Xu Xia and the nameless servant had brought out a book that had been bound and sealed. She explained to them that when her grandparents were young a dying exorcist they took in to try save had given it to them, making them promise to make sure it never sees the light of day with his last dying breath. In exchange he blessed them good fortune which caused their family status to shoot up due to various fortunate circumstances. After the intense simulation of learning about her friends' betrayals Xu Xia took this book and opened it, finding it was a book filled with dark magic, rituals and all sorts of other forbidden crap. As expected of the author who came up with the title The Demon House, this book was aptly naked The Book of Curses.

Jia Hyson: '...' How convenient.

Bebe: '...' Bebe also wants a wandering dying monk to save it.

The Book of Curses had a demonic summoning ritual, one that required four sacrifices and a place filled with yin energy. Xia Cuifen, Bai Honghui and Zhou He were trapped in this basement for months, everyday Xu Xia and the nameless servant would come in to feed them gruel and humiliation, beating them, mocking them, stripping them and so on.

One time Bai Honghui had been even forced to eat live worms while whipped after being caught trying to escape. The leftovers were then thrown onto his head and wriggled into his clothing all over his body. Another had Xia Cuifen being fed an aphrodisiac and leaving her naked to writhe and beg on the floor as they all watched until Xu Xia gave her a precious rag doll her dead father had given her when she was young to satisfy herself on. Zhou He was also forced to confess and beg for a kiss from his love in these terrible circumstances on threat of torture before being rejected by an incredulous and disgusted Bai Honghui while Xu Xia and the servant laughs. Since he couldn't get a kiss from his crush his manhood was crushed.

The basement became a breeding ground for dark emotions like hatred, pain, dismay, cruelty, regret and vengeance... In these terrible circumstances, it was easy for negative yin energies to fester and be absorbed by the room.

Once the negative energy was high enough, till even breathing the stale air felt like despair, all three of them died. The nameless servant by Xu Xia's side had stabbed them three times and then sliced their neck which was all they could remember before they blacked out.

Jia Hyson and Bebe: '...' It seems.. they've had it pretty good in comparison?

At least the cultists were too in awe of his heaven-defying and heaven-inspiring face of his to hurt him too badly.

All three ghosts had bitter faces as they finished the story. "I woke up first," Xia Cuifen says, "it had been a few months and the police were in the house and I heard that the servant had killed himself recently with a written confession of where our bodies were."

Jia Hyson fell into deep thought. This demonic summoning ritual required four sacrifices and a large amount of negative yin energy produced by them, almost exactly like how the Demon House's ritual was. However there were some discrepancies.

The loyal nameless servant who should have been the fourth sacrifice but he died outside the house and at the beginning they mentioned Xu Xia died in the house. The presence of the spirits of the sacrifices that should have been eaten by the summon demon. The whereabouts of the demon. Did the ritual fail? Did it work? Where is the book? It seems only Xu Xia, the mastermind would know. She held the key to many of the secrets.

"Where is Xu Xia then?" Jia Hyson asks the three. Grinding up their ghost powers was important but this was more so. A good author needs to figure out enough about the full backstory before proceeding with the actual plot.

The three ghosts exchanged glances again. Jia Hyson itches to knock all three heads together and see if that will stop them. Must they always silently communicate and hold hands with each other before coming to a decision. Why must they constantly show him this sort of 'we are all one heart and mind' sort of thing, reminding him how he no longer has a close companion like that? If they were always this in sync and interconnected no wonder Xu Xia was pushed off the edge as her fears and insecurities about their friendship were finally confirmed in the worst way.

Finally it is Bai Honghui that spoke up, "We don't know but every time after the sun sets and before the sun rises she will make sure to visit us through the mirror." He points at a large, full-length mirror in the corner of the room with disgust. Because the basement was filled with various antiques and unwanted things the mirror did not garner much attention but now that Jia Hyson looks at it, it does seem to hold a strong dark aura.

Suddenly he felt very excited, feeling like a detective that had found a critical piece of evidence that proved an impossible conjecture.

Could it be, could it be the mirror fairy is Xu Xia?!

Bebe was shocked by Jia Hyson's idea: 'No way! Isn't the Mirror Fairy a good person?'

Jia Hyson gave Bebe a disdainful face: 'Peh! Good person?! I've always felt that the mirror fairy was a bit off, how can such a good fairy live in such a yin filled hellhole for so long? And what about in the beginning when she tried to scare the main girl to death with creepy writing and such? If the fairy was so good they wouldn't have been so dumb as to act like that okay!'

Bebe returned Jia Hyson's disdainful expression with spit: 'Then why did she help the group in the end then? Why fight off the bullies? How is that not good ah?' Finally Bebe felt superior from his host in discerning plot points. It felt very cool and intelligent as it condescends. You peh Bebe, Bebe will peh host ten times! Peh, peh, peh!

Jia Hyson didn't answer his system back. Bebe inexplicably felt a bit of a chill. Suddenly it felt a bit willing to let it's host be correct. It can try scoop up a victory in the next world ah.

Instead, Jia Hyson whispered into a very bitter looking Li Guiren's ear, "Xiao Ren, the ghosts are going to show me the boss ghost, however I need to be here at night so-"

Li Guiren who has been eating ghostly vinegar was now licking the bottom of the pot with vicious anger. A child who had to stand around in an empty room while ghosts talked around him was a bored angry child okay?! It had been at least half an hour and there was only so much junk to be entertained by! Could they not have appeared before him or something? So rude! And now they want to have a slumber party with Wei?! Even he hadn't got to do such a thing!

Li Guiren's eyes redden. Such hateful ghosts!




"No! I want to stay here too!"

Jia Hyson sighs, this was the first time Li Guiren had given him such a tantrum and it was in front of his future minions too. Really giving this old ghost no face ah. "Xiao Ren please, I need to find the last ghost to confirm something with her. Plus I can teach the others how to show themselves, don't you want to see the other ghosts?"

"I don't want to!" Li Guiren shouts with a red face, "They're probably ugly and lame anyway! You've only been a ghost for a year and you figured out how to do so many things, they've been ghosts for ages and they can't even talk to me! Who wants to meet such stupid ghosts?! They're probably all brain dead! They died because they were too dumb!"

Jia Hyson: '...' Bro, they're literally right here.

The ugly, lame, stupid, brain dead and dumb ghosts: '...' Kids are so mean these days QAQ

"Darlin-" Jia Hyson begins before stopping awkwardly, his expression twisting a little as his endearment for Drake accidentally slips out. However, somehow, that seems to oddly calm Li Guiren as he pauses and blinks before flushing a little, and not from rage.

"Wei? What did you call me?" Li Guiren asks, biting his lip and looking around a bit bashfully. He's Wei's darling? But, but they were two boys right? Can boys be each other's darling? Nervously he giggles and shyly looks up to where he thinks Wei is.

Jia Hyson: '...' Why does he feel like he's done something that can't be undone?

Bebe: 'You fucking pedo.'

The three ghosts: 'Oh damn, such a beauty is actually such a creep.'

Finally, at the cost of everyone's respect for him, Jia Hyson got his way and Li Guiren left.

While they all waited for the sun to set, Jia Hyson gave Xia Cuifen, Bai Honghui and Zhou He the rundown on basic ghost survival knowledge. Zhou He, who had been originally the most resistant and reluctant to learn was actually the fastest much to Jia Hyson's irritation. This sort of 'even if I don't like it and slack off I can still get top marks as long as I cram a little' attitude really makes one want to punch him. Xia Cuifen and Bai Honghui also seemed to agree, so when Zhou He managed to pick up solidifying himself in a few hours they too showed off their new control over their abilities by throwing small broken trinkets and trash at him. Jia Hyson gave the pair a thumbs up.

The basement was rich with yin energy, between the doll room and the basement it was like a puddle and an Olympic swimming pool. Jia Hyson didn't feel so strained using his powers in the room since he can easily just absorbed the surrounding energy with no worries. Before it was like trying to desperately such the last drops of juice from the glass to replenish his thirst but now that he was given a galleon of milk he no longer had to worry about dehydrating.

The three ghosts who had been subconsciously absorbing the rich energy these past few decades were actually very powerful, they just needed to learn how to refine the power in their bodies to their best abilities. While Jia Hyson was a little gratified that he won't have to spend too long in cultivating these cabbages, he still felt a little jealous at how quickly and easily they picked it up.

Haha you think solidifying a corporeal form is easy? Can do it in less than one day? If Jia Hyson had as good an environment as yours he could have done it in an hour!

Jia Hyson: 'Aiyah, it turns out not even ghosts are born equal.'

Bebe: 'Heaven is fair, no one will live perfectly, and Hell is unfair, all people must live imperfectly.'

Jia Hyson: '..Did you just quote one of my lines at me?' If he remembers correctly that was an iconic line from Stumble. The main antagonist had first appeared and said this line as he comments from his throne, watching through a mirror the protagonist's struggle with amusement while perversely stroking a weeping human skull like a white cat. It was a very striking image, and the antagonist was very handsome, even with his face obscured by shadows his body was very sexy and stroked the flames of everyone's interest.

Bebe: ...oops

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe... I didn't know you were a fan-  Aiyah I suddenly feel so shy- -   '

Bebe: 'Roll!'

Jia Hyson: 'Haha now, now don't be shy-  if you're good maybe this male god will give you his autograph-' ('^)

Bebe:   this is why Bebe didn't want to tell you!

Even though the three ghosts quickly learnt how to solidify themselves and move objects, like Jia Hyson at the beginning they also had their limits. Unlike Jia Hyson who practiced the moment he became spiritual, the trio had wasted their metaphorical golden years and their senses, like muscles they've unknowingly left to decay, were much poorer and had lower stamina as well. It would take them a long time to wield their powers comfortably even with their 'good' environment.

The difference between Jia Hyson and the others was like the difference between a poor man who slowly worked their way up to the top and rich second generations who had never passed calculus, they both had the same amount of wealth now but one would inevitably wield their riches better than the other.

"Let's stop for now," Jia Hyson says as he sees the tired but exhilarated faces of the three ghosts. "As ghosts, we feel lighter when exhausted, not heavier since we're using up our energy which is part of our bodies, so if you start getting lightheaded or dizzy stop immediately."

"What happens if we don't?" Bai Honghui asks, a little unwilling to stop. He had just learnt to condense his hand and finally could feel textures again. That sort of hard-earned feeling of victory... it had been a long time since he felt that.

Jia Hyson gave them all a serious look, "You'll exhaust yourself and fade away for a while. It's like when you black out after death, who knows when you'll wake up again. Not to mention you'll feel weaker for a while. The last time I overdid it I was out for over a month." It had deeply scared him, usually he would only black out for a week at most, since then he became more wary.

Bai Honghui nods, reluctantly accepting the explanation, "I understand Teacher Bai." Xia Cuifen and Zhou He also makes noises of agreement. In the past few hours they've made leaps and bounds of progress compared to the past few years, how could they not feel grateful in their hearts?

Zhou He especially felt ashamed at his earlier attitude, he had felt unwilling to learn from such a young ghost, both in delicate appearance and actual age. But when he turned fully corporeal and felt things he hadn't felt for ages, tears couldn't help but prick his eyes as he bowed respectfully and thanked Bai Li Wei. Without his teachings they would have been stuck floating uselessly in the basement for who knows how long. Not to mention, Bai Li Wei was a very good teacher, patient, easy to understand and willing to answer any questions he can answer.

Giving the younger ghost a quick glance, Zhou He blushed a little. Intelligent, a calming temperament and ethereally beautiful like moonlight, Bai Li Wei was very different from Bai Honghui who was a little dull-witted, fiery tempered and gorgeous in arrogance but.. that wasn't too bad either. His love for Bai Honghui was the reason for his death, maybe now that he's dead he can try for something else.

And even though Bai Li Wei was a little strict... that also wasn't too bad either.  

Jia Hyson who noticed Zhou He's increasingly furtive glances laughs inwardly. Prideful scholarly individuals like Zhou He are the type to like either the rebellious hot-tempered ones or the mature teacher types. And like most men like that, once you gain their hard-earned respect it can become much easier to get their affection. Especially when one is armed with such a weapon like Bai Li Wei's face.

Jia Hyson: 'Hahaha once you become my faithful M slave I'll forgive your previous impudence!'()

Bebe: lighting a candle for Zhou He

Even though there were no windows, as ghosts they can tell when night was approaching. Night and darkness promote yin energy so when the sun sets the atmosphere immediately becomes more lively and energizing for those in the afterlife. The already abundant energy in the basement became even denser and richer, Jia Hyson shuddered at the delightful feeling of being surrounded by such nourishment.

Fuck, it felt his skin just had an orgasm.

Bebe: '...Bebe fucking hates you.'

"She should be coming now," Xia Cuifen says nervously, subconsciously the three had already drifted to the corner of the room furthest from the old mirror. Jia Hyson glanced around them before moving his doll beside the mirror and hiding inside it. As the yin energy thickens, the mirror's surface seems to distort for a moment.

Jia Hyson couldn't see much from his angle but after a moment he witnessed a pale, beautiful hand stretching out from the mirror, then another. The hands move to grip the sides of the mirror, using the edges to help drag her body out in an unnervingly slow, janky manner. It seems she was struggling to get out, her black nails elongating and sharpening as she grips the edges tighter. On further inspection, the mirror's frame and the floor in front of it was full of faint scratch marks.

How creepy.

Great! She must be recruited!( .)b

After a few minutes the woman finally managed to get half-way out, her torso falls to the floor where she claws her way out of the mirror. Throughout the whole thing she's staring obsessively at the quivering three ghosts. "Cuifen, Honghui, He-" She calls out with a childishly sweet voice that was ruined by the sound of gargling as her ruined throat spat out blood and mangled flesh. "Why are you so far away? Aren't we friends-?"

The three stayed silent. It was clear they've been asked this question many times and there has been no correct answer. Of course for a question with no correct answer, having no answer was also wrong.

"Hah ha ha," The woman's soft bitter laughter gurgled out of her throat, "Of course, no friends would treat other friends the way you did to me."

"We've already regretted!" Bai Honghui shouts fearfully, "You've punished and even killed us! Haven't we suffered enough?!"

Jia Hyson couldn't see her expression but he's sure it wasn't great. "Suffered?" She asks, "Is that what you call this? Eternal life with your friends, how can that be suffering? Surely this is paradise!" Xu Xia laughs madly.

"Paradise huh?" Jia Hyson comments, finally revealing himself as he steps out of the doll. Because Xu Xia was so focused on her past friends, she didn't notice the ghostly presence hiding right next to the mirror. At his soft misty voice, she immediately turned around revealing her pretty pale face, her bloodshot mad eyes and slim bloody neck. "It's a bit of strong word to describe this place miss."

Unlike Xia Cuifen who was dressed in an elegant cheongsam, Xu Xia was wearing a more traditional ancient hanfu dress of pure white. If you ignored her deranged state and her neck she really did fit into the description of the Mirror Fairy.

"Who are you?!" She screeches.

Jia Hyson gave her his most gentle and innocent smile, "My name is Bai Li Wei, I am also a ghost and I'm here to see you."

Xu Xia felt blindsided by the dazzling smile. When she turned around she had been blinded by the rage and shock of someone coming into her territory but now that she looked at the newcomer she realized the young man was simply extraordinary in appearance. His voice held a slight rasp but was quiet and soothing, his face was like it had been carved from moonlight by the most skilled artisans, his features were delicate but still held a hint of masculinity and the softness of youth making hard to discern his gender at first glance.

She blushed a little.

Zhou He in the corner felt his eye spasm. Why was it that this damn woman is always around the men he likes? Married the first one and now also interested in the second? Aiyah, how can his luck be so bad?!

Jia Hyson was also trying to fight an eye twitch. Now that he thought about it, that woman was supposedly quite straight but she got easily bent by Xia Cuifen who could be described as a rather handsome woman, could it be... she likes the androgynous type?

This was not the secret he was hoping to uncover okay?!

However initial attraction or not, this was a stranger intruding on her property, and it just happened to be the basement too. Madness slowly came back into her eyes but for the sake of having such a good looking visitor in so long Xu Xia graciously decides to let him say his piece.

The power of a good looking person was truly life-saving.

"See me? Why would you want to see me?" She demands.

Jia Hyson decides to give her the straight truth. "This morning me and my companion hid here to avoid getting exorcised by monks. I'm still a new ghost so when I realized there were others in here we went to explore and found this basement. Your three friends appeared and told me their story. I want to hear yours now."

Xu Xia's face breaks into wide manic smile, blood pouring furiously out of her throat as if all the emotion she was choking down had burst out of her neck in the most gory way, "They told you ah? Did they tell you everything then? How they betrayed me? How the rumors that got spread caused my family great shame and disowned me? How almost all my and my family's assets were being slowly chipped away into their pockets while I was played as a fool? Oh, oh did they mention how when I was at my lowest the Bai family insisted on divorcing me because of my promiscuity and attacking the Xu family for trickery, finally causing them to go into ruin? Did they tell you that?!"

Jia Hyson: '...Well, no.'

Putting on an emotionless facade that was much easier to do nowadays, Jia Hyson continues to listen to her rant and rave with no trace of pity, disgust or judgment. After a while Xu Xia finally ran out of steam, panting and gurgling but looking a little refreshed at being able to completely unload her grievances to this attractive stranger. Usually one of the three ghosts would have interjected with feeble apologies or self-righteous indignation by now so it was the first time she managed to say everything at once.

Once he saw she was finished, Jia Hyson thought for a bit before speaking, "There's one thing I don't understand,"

Having a good impression of Jia Hyson who listened to her without judgement, Xu Xia nods, letting him continue. After a moment's hesitation she dragged her body a little closer to him. Giving him a quick once over before blushing again. Jia Hyson decides to ignore for everyone's sakes.

"The ritual, did your servant betray you? Is that why you're also haunting this place?" He asks with concern and confusion, even though his acting wasn't top notch and his ability to convey emotion had stagnated in this world, his innocent and beautiful face more than made up for it. Given that this sort of appearance was Xu Xia's type, this sort of caring look was super effective, a critical hit.

Xu Xia felt very shy suddenly, how long has it been since someone was concerned for her? "N-no," she gurgles abashed, "it went just as planned,"

Jia Hyson furrowed his brows, even if he had doubts about the ritual itself he could hardly believe this sort of result was exactly what Xu Xia planned, "How can that be? Isn't it a demon summoning ritual with four sacrifices? I thought..."

Xu Xia laughs, but not as maniacally as before, more like an 'oh you, aren't you just adorable' sort of laugh. "Young man," she chuckles wetly, "Demons aren't real."

Jia Hyson stares at her. Even the three ghosts in the corner looked shocked, they were under the impression that the ritual to summon a demon had failed causing her death to be like this. That sort of idea gave them a nice feeling of schadenfreude and they had no intention of establishing a communication with Xu Xia so they never got a chance to pry further- not that they would necessarily get the truth from her either.

Enjoying the looks of surprise, her smile widens. "I made the ritual up, well, more like I found a ritual I wanted to use and re-named it." She reveals, "Hao Fan wouldn't have helped me otherwise," at the mention of Hao Fan her expression turns somewhat melancholic and regretful. Jia Hyson realises that must be the name of her servant.

"I told him that to save the family I would resort to a demonic summoning from the Book of Curses, Hao Fan has always been loyal to me since young, he immediately volunteered to be the fourth sacrifice."

"But you had no intention of making him one," Jia Hyson says.

Her smile was filled with complex emotions, quickly she moved the topic along, "The true name of the ritual I used is the Soul Confinement and Area Refinement ritual. The end goal is to bind four people's spirits into a place which will convert the space into an environment perfect for ghosts. Their deaths after being subjected to agonizing despair will provide a huge influx of negative energy to fill the house, anchoring them there and enriching the area until it became a place with nourishing yin energy. Because the area will be refined in such a way, the four spirits will be constantly revitalized," Xu Xia's smile widens further, the insanity and happiness shining through, "that way not even death can separate us, we'll become friends again, best friends, the ones that stay together forever-"

Jia Hyson raises his eyebrows in surprise. It seems what we have on our hands is a rare species of yandere- the platonic yandere! This sort of person doesn't obsess over a man or woman but in friendship. They don't make friends easily and haven't fallen in love yet. Or maybe they feel love itself is fickle while friends should be a stable rock, so they value their friendship over everything. They want to bind their friends closer to them through any means possible, sex and marriage are just two options. Even though they aren't that sexually or romantically attracted to them if it makes sure they won't drift apart they'll do it.

Platonic yanderes are not only incredible uncommon but also difficult to spot from a regular yandere. To find one in the wild at full maturity was very exciting!

Of course Xia Cuifen, Bai Honghui and Zhou He did not share his sentiments.

"You madwoman!" "Insane bitch!" "You're fucking psychotic!"

Hearing the insults she threw her head back and laughed with blood spewing out of her throat. Since he was close to her Jia Hyson notes shards of a reflective glass imbedded in her bloody skin. A mirror's surface.

Quickly he cobbled up a possible explanation in his mind. It seems, before the servant, Hao Fan, could kill himself after the deaths of the other three, Xu Xia must have smashed a handheld mirror and jammed it into her throat with a ferocity and desperateness of not wanting to part with her friends for a moment further. She probably feared being left out once more. However mirrors have always been the sort of object that is prone to trapping evil spirits in stories so using one to commit suicide with had unknowingly damned her. Finding out she had been trapped in the mirrors instead of the basement with her friends would have maddened her even more, and so no matter how much energy and pain she goes through, every night like clockwork she'll come visit them once the sun sets...

Jia Hyson cannot completely understand the mindset of this sort of person, even with Heart's Sway. He can't comprehend why the notion of friendship was so strong for Xu Xia, to still want to stay with these people forever after being so brutally betrayed like she had been, but the horror genre is full of people filled with hard to explain thoughts. To say she was a victim can no longer be so simply put and it would be hard to say that she was the only villain in this tragedy.

On one side the three ghosts were really terrible friends that slowly pushed Xu Xia's 'delicate' mindset to this sort of deranged point. On the other side, it seems Xu Xia wasn't that great herself. Pushing for a marriage neither of them truly wanted. Cheating. Masterminding non-consensual soul binding rituals. None of the four were blameless but at the same time did any of the four really deserve this sort of horrific end?

Well. A little bit.

It made for a great story anyhow.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe...'

Bebe: 'We really can't ask to change the plot so drastically,' but it also thought this sort of story was superior to the original Demon House plot. '...maybe we can request a suggestion for a prequel.'

Jia Hyson: '...Fuck, this may be the only story I've ever had a hand in where the prequel would be better than the original!'

Bebe: '..at least try to have some faith in the potential of the original story.  '

"Do you," a clear voice sliced past Xu Xia's bitter laughter, like moonlight cutting through the darkness, "do you want to be my friend then?"

Xu Xia was stunned into silence, her head twisted upward in disbelief. She thought she misheard. "What?"

Jia Hyson lazily blinks and looks down into her wide, red eyes, "Why don't we be friends?" He repeats before kneeling down and clasping her clawed hands with his own, "I have also experienced betrayal, yearned for companionship, and wished for revenge to those I once trusted. Xia Cuifen, Bai Honghui and Zhou He... their grievances are very deep, you know this," Xu Xia looked down, hiding her expression with her black hair, Jia Hyson tightens his grip on her hands forcing her to look up again into his slanted pheonix eyes. "We have a long time to make amends and curry forgiveness, but I believe that we can use this time to nurture something new as well. Even though we're dead in some ways we have more potential than the living, don't confine yourself to the past."

Xu Xia felt moved by these words, even if a small part of her felt this was very abrupt and she was a little confused by what he said, the young ghost said it all so calmly and confidently making it easy to feel what he was saying was very good and could be trusted. Most of all her heart desired these words of friendship, of the promise of support and camaraderie, to have it all laid out for her like a feast she could not help but hungrily eat it even if she knew it might be poisonous. "You, you mean it?" She asks weakly, her suspicions putting up one last fight, "You'll be my friend?"

Jia Hyson smiles and nods.

The light in her eyes brightens with a mixture of hope and lunacy. Joy, inexplicable joy burst into Xu Xia's heart even stronger than when she made friends with the other three when she was a small child. This young ghost, Bai Li Wei, has seen her at her worst, knows what she has done, and still wants to be her friend!

Her smile is pulled across her face like a curved razor as she laughs in childish delight. A friend! She has a new friend! How delightful! How joyous! Throwing off his grip to throw her arms around his neck in a hug her laughter gurgles out louder and louder. This feeling of bubbling in her chest, like boiling blood was so addicting!

"Bai Li Wei are you serious?!" Zhou He shouts aghast, unable to help himself.

Xu Xia's laughter stops abruptly, her arms tightening in fear and rage. If Jia Hyson was a living person his neck would have snapped. How dare Zhou He doubt her friend! Wasn't it enough that he had been such a bad friend to her despite everything she has done for them? If he wasn't still her friend... what if he scares off Bai Li Wei and makes him take back his words? No, no! That can't happen!

She will break him! Them! Everyone! Break them down and chain them down so they're always together with her! Forever! And! Ever!

"Of course I'm serious," Jia Hyson says smoothly, sounding assured and unwavering despite the very strong hold a certain female ghost had on his neck. He may be dead but it's still very uncomfortable okay?! "Xu Xia is a good girl, I know you all have grudges but everyone's cursed to live in this place together. It's better to bury these sort of things as soon as possible. I will mediate as much as I can and I don't expect you all to share the same relationship as before however it would be best that all of us can live without fear or torment."

This sort of white lotus type speech brought three different reactions:

Xia Cuifen, Bai Honghui, Zhou He: 'Teacher Bai is doing his best so we don't suffer under the wrath of that bitch Xu Xia anymore! He really plans for the long term as expected of Teacher!' (^^)(^^)(> 3 <) 'All hail Teacher Bai!'

Xu Xia: 'My friend already cares so much for me! Trying to help me build back my friendships so we can all live happily together! So sweet!' (o)

Bebe: 'This Host is so amazing! Can pull out so much shit from a bull's ass! Wow!' +.().: 'Too talented, cannot watch anymore.'




With the fragile relationship between tormentor and tormented temporarily stabilized thanks to Jia Hyson, the turn of conversation inevitably turns to his situation. Or, well, Bai Li Wei's.

Because Bai Li Wei's story was much more straightforward in it's tragedy, with a clear victim and clear villains. If the four ghosts' story was of vicious dogs biting at each other, then his was a story of a baby puppy getting kicked on! It was easy to win everyone's sympathy and outrage. Xu Xia, who holding onto his arm possessively like a really clingy girlfriend, was especially enraged on his behalf!

"Those perverts must pay!" She vows furiously, the other three for once in agreement with her, nodding with equal feelings of indignation. They could all relate in some way to his tale. Dead before the prime of his life. Backstabbed by those he trusted. Trapped, tortured and humiliated while tied up in a dark room. How can they not feel sorrowful and heartbreak?

Jia Hyson watches the four unite against a common enemy with great satisfaction. Maybe one day Xu Xia's dream of being friends with everyone again may come to fruit after all. Meanwhile he's earned himself some very loyal subordinates willing to fight for his cause.

However, one of his new subordinates was unfortunately a very needy yandere who was very unhappy about the idea of him leaving the house.

"No! I want you to stay here too!"

Jia Hyson sighs, Xu Xia had wasted no time in acting out a tantrum and it was in front of everyone too. Really giving this friend no face ah. "Xia Xia please, I promised Li Guiren I would come back and I need to go out to get my revenge as well. Plus, you guys finally came to an understanding after all this time. Don't you want to talk a little with your old friends?"

"I don't want to!" Xu Xia shouts with a red face her neck bleeding furiously, "They're all bitchy, two-faced meanies! They'll bully me and call me names if you're not here to be my friend! All three are so small hearted it's a wonder they hadn't died earlier from lack of proper blood circulation!"

Jia Hyson: '...' Why does this scene feel a little familiar?

The bitchy, two-faced, mean bullying ghosts with small hearts: '...' This character change is too fast, too hurtful for our hearts QAQ

After much more back and forth, with Jia Hyson promising that he'll visit constantly and plans to live in the house in the far future, they all begin to patiently wait for Li Guiren to come back and pick him up. While they do so, the three basement ghosts begin to practice what they've learnt again, re-energized by the environment. Xu Xia, who was essentially the boss of this place, had absorbed much more energy and had learnt the basics of tangibility in order to force herself out of the mirror every night so not only was she full of spiritual energy she had the strength to use it as well. If Jia Hyson had to fight Xu Xia he really wasn't confident on coming out on top.

Luckily all this girl wants is friends.

Which begs the question, why would she try and help the protagonists in the future? After all, Jia Hyson was completely sure this woman was indeed the Mirror Fairy now.

After giving Xia Cuifen, Bai Honghui and Zhou He some exercises to do, Jia Hyson takes the opportunity to chat with her. Of course Xu Xia was delighted at the action, from her perspective it was like he was also quite possessive of her friendship as well, shooing the other three away in order to deepen their bonds privately. She glances at Jia Hyson's face and flushes, giggling a little nervously as the ever flowing blood dribbles out of her neck like it was also very shy.

It was a pity malevolent ghosts like them generally had a very low libido, after all, not only are they filled with yin energy which is based on coldness and darkness, very different to the fiery passion of lust, but to become such ghosts they must have undergone great traumas. These sort of things leave something in their mentalities which makes it difficult to muster up feelings of joy not to mention arousal.

Xu Xia could feel joy because the main anguish, regret and obsession that led to her suicide- friendship- had been unexpectedly given to her like a meat pie falling out of the sky. Maybe if she was still alive she would want to try pursue Bai Li Wei romantically but now all she can think about is that it is very good to have such a good-looking friend, much better looking than her past friends anyway, and worrying about how to solidify their friendship to best friend status.

"Xia Xia, if there was a group of um, teenagers that suddenly came in to this house and tried to do the demon ritual..."

Xu Xia gave him a funny look, "What a strange question. Before I died I threw the book into a small auction house's backyard. The country is big, the people are many, what are the chances of that thing coming back?"

This woman clearly doesn't read a lot of mystery or horror. The criminal always comes back to the scene of the crime.

"Well if I was the book, I would come back," Jia Hyson offers up with a shrug, "this place is now brimming with negative yin energy, it would make it easier for it to live and cast curses and such."

Xu Xia nods, that those make sense. She felt a little interested in exploring this hypothetical yet silly topic. As adults most conversations were about gossip, work, politics or dry anecdotes about their week, this sort of childish 'what if' scenarios felt very lighthearted and casual in comparison. A friend is someone you don't feel burdened or anxious talking to, but a good friend is one you can talk about strange, crude and silly things- so does that mean they're already at the good friend stage?!

Aiyah this is going so fast! What to do, her heart's not prepared! (/)o

"Well," she clears her throat making a large clump of meat and glass splutter out of her neck unattractively, "Well I suppose if they came here to do the ritual I would stop them!"

Jia Hyson gives her a puzzled look, "Stop them? Why? I thought you would be happy to have more people around Xia Xia,"

Xu Xia shakes her head adamantly, "Wei Wei, having more people in the house isn't what I want. If anything it is counterproductive, I already have my hands full with those three, why would I want to suddenly have to deal with a bunch of unruly youngsters that still reek of milk?" Frowning she also adds in a thoughtful manner, "Also, if they do the ritual again, wouldn't those three take the chance to get stronger and overthrow me? Or worse, team up with the new ghosts and tell them terrible lies about me? No, there really are no benefits to more people, only more problems."

So, the reason why Xu Xia helped the protagonists wasn't out of the kindness of a fairy but the old man mentality of getting the kids off her lawn? There were other considerations too but it was essentially because she had no desire to house a bunch of random teenagers in her property. Plus since they were already a group, a clique, the chances of making friends with them would have been small anyway making them even more undesirable to have around.

Jia Hyson felt the edges of his mouth twitch. It turns out the original story was less a tale of a kind fairy defending from evil cult bullies but more like the Hidden Area Boss versus the Dungeon Bosses. Aiyah, what should he do? He really, really likes this sort of twist. It would be a shame to throw it away.

They still have decades before the plot finally kicks off, but right now he has one of the main players of the game in his grasp- the Mirror Fairy. It is important to have some sort of idea how the story should end and to work up to. If he doesn't have a set goal now, how can he know what shape he wants his characters to be molded into?

Bebe: 'The moral of planning ahead is good, the intent behind it is bad and the Host's choice of words is psychotic. Overall, Bebe rates this as a fart.'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe... you've gotten more cynical. Where did my little ray of sunshine go?'

Bebe: 'It died.'  

Jia Hyson: '...' We really need to get out of this world as fast as we can.

The Skill Upgrade World has given him many special skills and skill points, even giving Bebe an energy boost, but the cost to their sanity was not low. No wonder it was an optional task viewed with caution even with hosts with higher tiered systems. Fuck, even his dick doesn't work anymore. The QT BL stories certainly never wrote about this!

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe, I'm really scared that if we end up in a Palace Intrigue World I'll end up as an eunuch. The characters I'm always in are way too real.' As Adrian he had to struggle through the unfashionable life of a part-timer till he broke through as a small model, and even then he had to practice like crazy to slowly get to a good stable position. Now as Bai Li Wei he had to go through the flames of hell before making it as a small ghost and cultivating slowly to get to a point which can only be called Above Average. Where the fuck was his smoking hot golden thigh? His secret identity as a prince's love child? The hidden bloodline power? An OP system? Wuwuwu other QT protagonists are such lucky fucking bastards!

Bebe: 'Hehe.' Bebe has noted down your suggestion. Please look forward to the results in the future.

Jia Hyson: (|||)'Ah? I think I just felt a chill down my back? But? I'm a ghost?'

Bebe:   The host is not the only one who has blackened. Bebe learnt new things too-

A few hours after the sun had risen, a sweaty little Li Guiren had rushed back into the house, his black little eyes sparkling in agitation. He's never been so far away from Wei for so long, Auntie Shen was too busy with the priest to notice he had came back and dad hadn't even come home to not notice him. It had been a while since he felt so lonely again.

He doesn't ever want to feel that again.

"Xiao Ren?" Jia Hyson calls out in surprise as the little boy runs down the stairs into the basement. Because of the mold and decay, Li Guiren in his haste failed to steady himself and slipped just before the final few steps. "Xiao Ren!"

Without thinking, Jia Hyson stretches out his hand and his hair quickly lengthens, running to catch the boy at a speed superior to his own. However it wasn't fast or strong enough to stop the fall, only pad it somewhat so the damage is minimum. Jia Hyson tried to use his [Psychic Terror] in an attempt to at least soften the blow to the reckless child's head.

Thanks to his quick actions, there was no loud bang or cracking sound of a little boy's bones breaking on cement, just a muffled thump and a soft groan of surprise and pain. Jia Hyson was on him in a second. "You stinky child! Don't your teachers tell you to always watch your step? Didn't I tell you to be careful going down last time?!" He scolds angrily.

Li Guiren sniffles, looking up at Jia Hyson pitifully, "Wei Wei," he calls out in a soft warble, "it hurts, wuwuwu..."

This kid! Jia Hyson helplessly goes fully corporeal and picks him up, hugging him comfortingly. "You..." he struggles, irritated at how his cold heart melts so easily for this little idiot, "of course it would hurt!"

"Wuwuwu..." Li Guiren buried himself into Jia Hyson's cold embrace, greedily taking in the comfort even if it was a little chilly to touch. In contrast, Jia Hyson who had only really ruffled the boy's hair or pat his cheek, was shocked at how hot the boy was. For a moment he thought Li Guiren was suffering from a fever until logic kicked in and Jia Hyson remembered that it was his own temperature that was abnormally cold and that people with strong yang energy generally ran hotter.

Well, the heat wasn't that bad. Just a little uncomfortable. Jia Hyson cuddles the child tighter, unsure if he'll able get the opportunity in the future. After all, the more stronger a ghost becomes, the denser the yin energy making his presence even colder and as Li Guiren grows up, his yang body will be strengthened and most likely will produce an even higher internal body heat- touching each other would be very difficult then. Especially so for himself who know has bad memories in regards to heat.

Jia Hyson: 'Aiyah, even if I could get it up, I wouldn't want to stick anything inside anything anymore. This is really too terrible ah.'

Bebe: 'Please abstain from filthy thoughts while holding a child Host.'

Jia Hyson: 'You... you know I'm not a pedo right?'

Bebe: 'Please abstain from filthy thoughts while holding a child Host.'

Jia Hyson: QAQ

"I'll be seeing you all later," Jia Hyson finally turns to the ghosts. Xu Xia was trapped back in the mirror but since she was no longer so ostracized her figure was now present in the mirror. Li Guiren craned his neck to see her, interested at this new ghost before promptly ignoring her in favor of nuzzling the cool, smooth skin of his Wei.

Xu Xia: '...' Suddenly feel like I've been snubbed, what to do?

"Xiao Ren, can you walk now?" Jia Hyson asks while he walks a little jerkily up the stairs. It had been a while since he had been affected by things like gravity and weight, his sense of balance had been degraded over time making his movements extra slow and careful. His doll body was carefully carried by his hair and placed into Li Guiren's arms so in a way it was a scene of Jia Hyson carrying Li Guiren who was carrying Jia Hyson.

It was a little funny thinking about it.

"En," Li Guiren says reluctantly, knowing that this answer would mean parting with Wei. However, he was aware that Wei couldn't possibly keep holding him once they officially left the basement. Even though the whole house was rich in energy, the basement was the strongest given it was where it all originated. Even humans can tell subconsciously from the difference in atmosphere. Not to mention, the basement was completely sealed off from sunlight, and Wei was always much weaker in daytime. Still, very unhappy.

Jia Hyson could see the reluctance on his face and smiled amusedly. Such a sticky cute child, it really is a pity he had to be picked up by someone like himself.

Bebe: 'It really is a pity,'

Jia Hyson: '  Oh shut up.'

Back in the Shen residence Li Guiren, who had been all caught up with Jia Hyson's night adventure during the bike ride home, quickly snatched some rice crackers from the kitchen and quickly scurried back to his room like a small mouse. Jia Hyson was then carefully placed on the corner or his bed where all the pillows and the blanket had been pushed toward, like a fragile egg in a nest of... well in a bunch of pillows and blankets.

Even though he couldn't feel it, his heart at least felt very comfortable. Once again, Jia Hyson felt his affection toward the boy rise two notches. Aiyah, this kid is so cute, Drake really would have... he forces the thought to fade away.

"Wei, Wei," Li Guiren's big black eyes look at him imploringly. "You, you really plan to live in that house in the future?"

Sensing this conversation was a little serious, Jia Hyson reappeared onto the bed. Snatching one of the pillows he adjusts his position so he was hugging the softness to his chest. Though he couldn't take in much sensation other than temperatures what little he can feel, he enjoyed, eyes curving up in satisfaction at holding something both so soft and at a manageable temperature for him. He looks at Li Guiren who's face had flushed cutely.

Unable to help himself Jia Hyson pokes the child's chubby cheek, already forgetting the question he was supposed to answer. As his finger presses against skin, Jia Hyson's eyes light up at the feeling. The temperature.. the soft springy elasticity... it's exactly like a freshly steamed dumpling!

Too cute!

Poking and pinching happily, Jia Hyson was really contemplating lightly slapping the cheeks to see if they would bounce before his hands were unceremoniously slapped away. "Ah!"

"Wei!" Li Guiren's cheeks had gone from a faint pink to a bright red under his ministrations. His black eyes faintly wet from pain and indignation as he pouts in a manner that made his cheeks puff up like a pissed off hamster. "You! You!"

Seeing this sort of flustered appearance, his dumpling looked even more like a dumpling, a freshly steamed prawn one. Ah, really want to bite. Jia Hyson laughs softly, his voice rasping a little like burning autumn leaves but the fondness is can be clearly heard.

Hearing the sound, Li Guiren's anger deflates somewhat. It seems Wei can be unexpectedly very childish? Liking soft things and such... however no matter how cute he finds it, Li Guiren felt that his cheeks definitely had no need to suffer for it! It doesn't matter how slender or pretty those pale, slim fingers were, Wei's hands were filled with strength and his nails are sharp and long okay?! Wuwuwu he needs to get rid of his baby fat immediately!

"Sorry Xiao Ren, what was the question again?"

"I was asking you if you're leaving me!" Li Guiren shouts.

Jia Hyson instantly understood. Li Guiren was very dependent on him as a role model and sees him as family. Of course it would be very distressing to hear that he wanted to leave and live somewhere else. Unfortunately, there was a plot that will need to be fulfilled and raising a little human in the murder house would be deeply counterproductive to his needs.

'Bebe give me an estimate of the number of years before the story is meant to start,' he asks Bebe.

'Fifty-two years.' Bebe promptly replies, 'Li Guiren would be approximately fifty-eight years old by then.'

The answer appeased the guilt in his heart somewhat. Over fifty years. That was a long time. Li Guiren would definitely be less attached to him once he reached adulthood. And while Jia Hyson didn't feel great about that thought for reasons he refuses to look into, he is glad at least he will not have to separate from his dumpling too soon.

Children were easy to break and stain, to twist and warp, if Jia Hyson broke this precious friendship so abruptly and quickly who knows what sort of resentment would fester? He once dated a fan and when he said he was too busy with his new book to continue their relationship she ended up burning down a bookstore during the first day of the story's release! What if Li Guiren would end up burning down the Demon House?

Aiyah, even though he can't imagine his dumpling doing such a thing now... the horror genre was full of white-eyed wolves, unstable people and, even more terrible, the teenagers groomed by the villains that yearn for a 'normal' life. Those ones are the worst since they have both power and knowledge of how to bring their 'mentor' down. As an evil ghost, he can't afford to give out any long term trust to humans okay? His non-life depends on it!

Bebe silently listens to Jia Hyson's internal monologue silently. Before, it's Host had been deeply unwilling to part with the boy, even warning the child in concern over his possessiveness, but now after a night submerged in potently high yin energy his attachment to Li Guiren had wavered enough to hold a seed of doubt. Subconsciously, it's Host was giving himself a deadline with Li Guiren.

Bebe isn't sure what to do with this information. After all, it also agreed objectively with it's Host. Li Guiren was an unknown factor that was useful now but not necessarily in the future. It decides to keep its silence.

"Of course I'll stay with you," Jia Hyson smiles at Li Guiren, "How can I possibly leave such a cute little child all alone?" He pinches Li Guiren's cheek, softer this time, making the skin tingle but not painfully.

Li Guiren slaps the offending hand away but also much softer this time, the action half-hearted at best as he gazes into his ghost friend's eyes, "You really mean it?" He insistently asks, even though the words felt genuine and the smile was still full of fondness he couldn't help but feel something was a little off. "You won't ever leave me?"

"Of course not," Jia Hyson lies sweetly. It was the first lie he had ever given to the boy.

Li Guiren felt something twist uneasily inside his chest but in the face of Wei's sweet smile, that focused gaze like he was the only one in the world he could rely on... he ignored it.

He ignored it because he was too afraid of what he may find if he didn't.

Li Guiren smiles, "Okay. I believe you,"

It was also the first lie he had ever given to Wei.

Decades in the future Bebe will reflect about this moment and wonder if things might have been different if it hadn't stayed quiet.

Maybe Jia Hyson would have noticed his attitude changing because of the exposure to all the negativity and yin energy and actively tried to keep his humanity. Maybe it's Host would have become less callous about life and the people around him. Maybe, maybe...

Maybe he wouldn't have died the way he did.




Afterwards, as if the previous short exchange of words had no impact in the far future, the pair began to chat about what to do with Professor Shen. The old man had been hospitalized for his hands and had not been visited yet.

That was about to change.

Shen Wan had been surprised and touched that Li Guiren asked to visit his Uncle Shen. To be honest, she had been more than a little stressed. After the monk had gone through the house, he indeed confirmed there was something not right with that secret room of her brother's. However despite there being a strong negative aura infused into the room, he could not find the source of the true evil. He had hinted, not so subtly, that it was her brother that most likely incurred such a demon, that is, if he wasn't the demon himself.

The monk had promised to come back in a week to see if the darkness of the house has dissipated as well as check on her brother but how could she feel anything but unsettled. Her brother and her were not very close, she knew that the only reason he let her live with him was because of their parents and possibly for reputation's sake. Even so, she was grateful to live in such a nice place and did her best to ignore many of his snobbish eccentricities and his temper.

Even though their personalities were a little incompatible, for better or worse they were siblings, it was hard to think of him in such a light.

The countryside they stayed in was small and the Shen house was large and rich. Rumours about Profesor Shen's hospitalisation was already spiralling. The monk robes are also quite eye-catching so many had seen the monk come into the house the day after Professor Shen went to the hospital. It would be absurd to believe the man was just there for tea.

Shen Wan was a little slow but even she can see how this looks. Especially so since it was pretty much as it looks.

During the span between the monk visiting and Li Guiren asking about visiting his Uncle Shen, five days had passed. It had been a fairly hard five days for her. She had been caught throwing away the countless broken doll bodies from the room and the gossip topic of the Shen's had gone from something scandalous to something scary and abnormal. Her neighbours had gone over to not so subtly scope her situation out, a maid had quit, already unnerved by the sounds from the doll room weeks ago and fearing the curse might pass onto the residents of the house with a few other servants showing signs of leaving as well, and even the gardener who only comes weekly had given a weak excuse to not come by. China was slowly becoming more modern in outlook but the older and rural people still held on to superstitious beliefs.

If Jia Hyson's empathy hadn't eroded so much in this world he might have felt sorry and guilty for her. However she was a close relative of the person he hated most in this world and she constantly neglects the person he likes most in this world. How could he bother to muster up such a straining emotion for her?

Five days was enough time for Shen Wan to go a little ragged from the stress and unease, Li Guiren's small but sweet request would easily be agreed to with barely thought. Even though she looked extremely pitiful, with Heart's Sway and the ability to absorb all sorts of negativity supplemented by his other skills, Jia Hyson felt only bemusement. Despite all her whining and her self-reassurance about family and trust, five days was already enough for the many seeds of fear and resentment that she had been pushing down all these years to finally grow into a nice little garden of malice in her heart. Jia Hyson figures even if Professor Shen survived, the Shen family's already shaky relationship would have been broken beyond all repair. It probably already is honestly.

"Really?" Li Guiren says doubtfully as Jia Hyson whispers his findings in his ear as they are driven to the hospital. "But they're siblings."

Invisibly, Jia Hyson smiles fondly at Li Guiren's naivety but if anyone had saw they could see the condescencion. Children can be very smart but they are also so very pure. In such an especially dark world like this one, Jia Hyson wants to protect the boy's innocence but at the same time, a sick, dark and perverted part of him that had been growing larger and larger wants to watch first-hand as it slowly erodes over time and reality. "Later on in life Xiao Ren you will realise that the bond that blood holds is only as strong as you let it be. Friendships, love, camaraderie, that can produce a much stronger family than the one you were born into."

Li Guiren frowns, thinking of his father, and stays silent, neither agreeing nor disagreeing. Jia Hyson gently rubs circles on his back in a soothing manner, trying to silently appease the boy. Li Guiren indeed felt moved by the comfort and soon relaxed into it, enjoying the closeness and obvious care. He supposes that there was some truth in Wei's words. After all, his dad never coddled him like this, and he really did feel closer to Wei than his dad... Li Guiren closed his eyes and hugged the doll tighter, like it was the only lifeline he had in this confusing world.

The hospital is in the city, it's one of the biggest ones and so there were many people bustling in or out. Jia Hyson, as a modern man used to great luxuries, was not very impressed by the equipment and such of the building but had to concede that given the time period it really was a very good hospital. However, it doesnt matter how good the conditions were, a big hospital meant a large number of patients and sad family and worried friends. The negative energy was pretty high making Jia Hyson feel quite comfortable despite it being in the middle of the day.

After the nurse directed them to Professor Shen's private room, Shen Wan had met an acquaintance right before they entered. Quickly she struck a conversation with the other lady, shooing Li Guiren into the room first before walking off with her friend to go get coffee. Jia Hyson sneers at her hurrying back, it was obvious to him that she was reluctant to enter and see her cursed brother, she fears him but not enough to send the child in. How caring.

When Li Guiren enters, Professor Shen was reading a book. Hardback with golden coloured text on the front. How pretentious. Professor Shen had dark bags under his eyes, the wrinkles on his face more defined on his face and his cheeks sallow like he had been through a stressful few days. It truly was a heartwarming sight for Jia Hyson.

A nurse was sitting idly by the man's side, looking bored and slight annoyed as she turns the page of the book for him under his impatient prompting. It seems Professor Shen wasn't very popular, then again, he was rich and holds a decent amount of connections and power, to him earning the goodwill of the nursing staff was probably beneath him. When she saw that the professor had a visited after so many days, she looked faintly surprised but quickly melted over the cuteness of the visitor.

Nurse: '(o) It's a small dumpling! How cute!'

Jia Hyson: 'Girl, you have good eyes!' .

Bebe: '...' ()

"Hello there, are you lost?" She asks, in her mind she couldn't really believe that this soft little child was related to this craggy haughty old man. "Where's you're mummy?"

Li Guiren shook his head and smiles, "I'm here for Uncle Shen, hello Uncle Shen,"

Professor Shen looks up, his brows furrowed at being interrupted and his mood even worse as he recognises the young voice to belong to the brat of the man-child drummer Shen Wan was dating. However his sour expression immediately froze and was wiped away as his eyes looked at Li Guiren with horror. More specifically, the thing in his arms.

"N-no! Get him away from me! Get, get him-!" Professor Shen begins to hyperventilate. With his hands completely covered in a cast he was unable to push his body away forcing himself to shuffle back frantically like a terrified wrinkled worm. Jia Hyson laughs at the sight, his heart delighted at such abject fear.

It felt like his heart had never felt so happy, watching this man despair.

Professor Shen was not quiet so quickly the nurses had ran in. Jia Hyson was a little impressed by the quality of this hospital, sometimes in horror, the staff wouldn't notice someone had died terribly until the very next day. Then again, it was visiting hours...

Jia Hyson smiles, a nice thought forming in his mind. Originally he wanted to slowly torment him by getting Li Guiren to visit with him in his arms, maybe even convince Aunt Shen to hold him a few times, making Professor Shen go batshit and getting everyone to think he was going insane. Well, more insane than he was.

However, he didn't mind speeding things up a bit.

"Sir? Sir, what is wrong?" A nurse asks but Professor Shen was too busy staring fixedly at the doll in horror and fear, like a small deer watching a lion in wait, scared that the moment he looks away the lion would pounce and rip him into shreds.

"Bai Li Wei! I'm sorry!" He screams, "Bai Li Wei! Please! I'm, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Don't hurt me! I'm, I'm, please! Don't! I!" Professor Shen shakes and shudders under the hold of the nurses, with a final violent spasm, his eyes roll to the back of his head in a dead faint. A faint scent of urine permeated through the room that quickly grew stronger as time passed.

Jia Hyson snickers, completely unsympathetic to his tormentor. In his opinion, this man deserves so much worse. Li Guiren however felt a little scared at Professor Shen's hysteria. When he saw Wei attack the man, it had been dimly lit and it wasn't like he had seen similar scenes in Police-Detective Xi. However, seeing the cold, disdaining Professor Shen break down like this was affronting and scary.

"Wei..." he whispers uncertainly, "maybe that's enough for today?"

But how can Jia Hyson let this go? Professor Shen was someone both he and Bai Li Wei hated to the bone. To Bai Li Wei, Professor Shen was the final betrayal that pushed him over the edge and to his end, the one man he could count on in his terrible life and the word disappointment could not even begin to describe his feelings when he found out his trust had been destroyed in arguably one of the worst ways. To Jia Hyson, he had inherited the secondhand memories of Bai Li Wei and sympathised with the poor child, even more so, he had firsthand experience of tasting the fear and helplessness of being kidnapped, the rage of unfairness and the absolute agony of being pushed into a burning grave. Jia Hyson was carrying two people's worth of grudges and unless this man suffers enough for two lifetimes this heart knot of his will never be released.

With a silky cool voice, so different from the quiet, calming serenity that usually coloured his slightly hoarse voice, Jia Hyson whispers softly in Li Guiren's ear. "Don't worry Xiao Ren, just hide me under the bed, I'll handle everything. You go home, come pick me up in a few days,"

Li Guiren grips the doll in his arms so tightly his little fingers go pale. He was uncomfortable with what they were doing to the Professor but... but he hated the idea of leaving Wei even more so. It had been so hard just having one night away from Wei, the idea of spending more time separated was almost unbearable.

"Wei, I.. let's just go back okay? We'll visit uncle later like we talked about," Li Guiren tries to convince.

Jia Hyson felt a spike of irrational irritation at the words. Li Guiren has never gone against him and yet he dares to do so now?! For this fucking piece of shit bastard?! How dare he?!

Even though he was incredibly angry, he still couldn't bear to speak fiercely to the young boy. Despite everything, he truly did hold affection for the child. Whether it was because he reminded him of Drake or that he was the only warm light in this awfully bleak world, that affection has remained unchanged even though everything else slowly was.

"Li Guiren, trust me," Jia Hyson says coldly, "if you let me go now I won't have to make you visit him and make you feel bad as many times okay?"

Li Guiren glances at Professor Shen, at the same time Shen Wan who had finished talking to her friend and had heard the screams rushed back in, her face ugly and pale. "Wha-what is going on?" She stammers before wrinkling her nose as the sour scent of pee hit her nose, "Ugh, did brother-?"

She gives her unconscious older brother a look of disgust and repulsion. The nurse that had been helping him turn pages before was shaken and walks over to Shen Wan with a befuddled and unnerved look, "Are you a relative of Professor Shen?"

Shen Wan hesitates, looking unwilling to admit to a relationship with the man as the other nurses proceed to professionally clean up the bed and the man himself. She tries her best to ignore the sight and nods.

The nurse smiles faintly, "Good, well, Professor Shen has already had a few similar, ah, episodes like this. None were as bad as today's however but he has been constantly having nightmares and delusions even during the day. He believes he's being haunted by an evil spirit with, what we gather, very long hair that wants revenge. We've had to give him some of our stronger medication but we do recommend the possibility of getting help in a place more... suited for mental health."

"You mean a mental institution?" Shen Wan bites her lip, feeling the pressure. She had always been doted on and had never felt so much responsibility before. Not to mention, she had relied on her brother a lot, even though she didn't feel very close to him it was hard to imagine life without his benefits, "You, that isn't necessary right?"

The nurse hesitates, "I... the doctors are frankly a little stumped, the broken hands won't ever fully heal but they can be fixed to some extent but the mind is trickier. Also, the professor won't open up to us about what he's seeing. We can only theorise what he's thinking of during his episodes and breakdowns."

They talk a bit more before Shen Wan finally leaves with a perplexed and worried expression, dragging Li Guiren out with her. So immersed into her own thoughts she doesn't notice that the boy is no longer holding the beautiful porcelain doll in his arms.

...

When Professor Shen woke up again it was already night time. He was lying on the hospital bed on his side, facing outward toward the door of his room. The room was dark and empty, however instead of feeling unease as most do when they wake up in the darkness of a unfamiliar hospital room, Professor Shen heaved a sigh of relief. Emptiness was good. Emptiness meant no Bai Li Wei.

Nowadays such emptiness was a rare privilege for him.

Yes. This serenity, this bleak but comforting darkness that held nothing but his own heartbeat, his own warmth, his own breathing...

Professor Shen pauses one his thoughts as he realizes something isn't right in the darkness.

He closes his eyes and heartbeat picks up as he focuses his old ears to listen carefully to the sound around him. He breathes in, and out, in, and out, in, out, in out, out, in, out, out...

There was someone else in the room.

And they're lying right beside him.

Suddenly the temperature around him seems to drop, the back of his neck prickling and his body began to coldly sweat. His own breathing has quickened but Professor Shen quickly restrained it to the best of his abilities, fearful that Bai Li Wei would do something once he figures out he's awake and aware.

And he knows it's Bai Li Wei. Who else could it be?!

The blanket on top of him shifts a little, like someone was moving their position on top of the bed behind him. Trembling, Professor Shen closes his eyes and pretends to be asleep. After a few seconds he can hear the breathing get closer, a freezing cold breath puffs against his face making his heart speed up. Bai Li Wei was in front of him! He was so close! He was finally going to finish what he started!

His heart was beating so fast, Professor Shen was almost angry he hadn't gotten a heart attack by now. If he had an attack and died wouldn't he be free? Even if he didn't die, Li Wei wouldn't provoke him during an attack and kill him off so quickly, he would probably leave him alone for a bit longer. It's a win-win!

Unfortunately his heart was very strong, even though he was on the verge of mental collapse it could still beat so hard without a single twinge of pain. What feels likes ages pass by and the soft raspy sound of breathing rings in his ears as cold puffs of smoky air hit his face.

Professor Shen knew that if he opened his eyes he would most likely get attacked, however at the same time he inexplicably wanted to open his eyes and see. Questions and doubts and anxieties filled his heart. What did Bai Li Wei look like now? How close was he?

What if it wasn't Bai Li Wei in the first place?

This sort of feeling was a whole different kind of hell in itself ah!

Right before Professor Shen finally gave up to open his eyes, the cold heavy feeling around him finally receded. Soft footsteps get even softer, and the sound of his door opens and closes. Once he hears the door, Professor Shen couldn't help but open his eyes, catching sight of the pale white fingers quietly closing the door to his room from the outside.

Professor Shen exhales in relief, but then his chest tightens again nervously. Why would Bai Li Wei leave so abruptly like that? Could it be... his already pale face turns even whiter. Could it be... he's gone to find some special 'toys' from the hospital to play with him with?!

Scalpers, bone saw, chemicals...

He has to get away immediately!

Decisively he pushes the call for help nurse button by his bedside with his cast but Professor Shen didn't put much stock in any outside help. However on the off-chance they can give him some time he will gladly let them seek death in place of him.

First he pushes off from the bed, his bed robe sticking off his body that is drenched in sweat sways but Professor Shen ignores it as he frantically scrambles to the wall next to where his bed was pushed against. His limbs tremble and his legs shake as he uses his elbows to try open the window. Fortunately it seemed someone had forgotten to properly close it so it easily swung open after pushing against it a few times.

Professor Shen looks down and sighs in relief. They were only on the first floor, it would be believable to drop down from here. With some thought he haphazardly and awkwardly grabs his pillow and his blanket before throwing it out the window. The items fall down and hit the bushes growing by the side of the hospital. Even if one falls from the second floor, as long as they land there, they probably would only suffer some heavy bruising at most.

Satisfied, Professor Shen gives a wary look to the door leading to the halls before wasting no time in lying down on the floor and silently scooting backwards until he's underneath the hospital bed.

Jia Hyson who watched all of this was deeply impressed by the man. Most people, especially people in horror stories whose IQ was always particularly lower than average, would not have been as clever as Professor Shen given the situation. Being physically disabled and then tortured with nightmares would make anyone stress and despair, couple with the pressure of their undead enemy being nearby would make them crack and panic.

In a lot of books and movies, the people in a similar situation would probably have tried to slip out of the room, into the halls to run and hide or escape. Some with more guts would have gone out the window. The idiots would have stayed in place to frantically call for help either through the nurse call button, their phone or verbally. Of course given the time period where phones were still a new and alien commodity to China that was less of an option but the point was still there.

However, Professor Shen's survival skills were really very good. He wasted no time, opening the window and throwing the blankets and such out to make it seem like he had desperately escaped while in fact he had chosen to hide. It was a very good plan given how he was old, not good at physical tasks and had broken hands. Unfortunately he really had awful luck.

As Professor Shen's heart calms under the bed, the blood rushing through his ears dies down and the sound of his breathing can be heard. Except... the sound doesn't seem quite right...

Jia Hyson who had been hiding under the bed this whole time: '...hehe this really is fate ah?'

A clueless Professor Shen: 'W-why do I suddenly feel so cold again QAQ??'

Yes, Jia Hyson and his doll body had been rolled under the bed by Li Guiren when Professor Shen was still unconscious. It was dark, people don't really look there and it gave Jia Hyson an easier time to listen in and move around the room when night hits. If Professor Shen has ran into the hall Jia Hyson would have crawled out to chase him, if he went out the window he would use Hair Control to pull him back, if he called for help, well, he would have definitely answered that call just not in the way the Professor would have wanted.

Aiyah, he really wanted to try out one of the 'startling' entrances of crawling and clawing upwards from below the bed, twisting his limbs in a manner inspired from various horror movies he had gotten Bebe to download. However this sort of scenario is also not too bad ah-

Bebe: '...' Host is just talking about being scary but why do I feel like it's one of his usual perverted talks?

Filled with a renewed sense of fear and disbelief, Professor Shen slowly turns around, the closed in space under the bed no longer felt like a safe hiding place but a suffocating trap, the darkness feeling somehow darker, as if it held too many terrible things for him to comprehend. With his failing eyes, he usually would have had to squint through the shadows but even without his spectacles, the pale shine of porcelain and the all too familiar moonlit white skin was unmistakable.

Holding the doll to his chest with clawed thin fingers, so his chin brushed over the doll's hair, Bai Li Wei looks back at Professor Shen with a wide smile and red eyes.

"Hello Professor," Bai Li Wei greets with the sweetness he used to always do whenever he saw him. However, instead of feeling warmth and affection and desire all Professor Shen felt was horror.

Screaming Professor Shen frantically scrambles out but without his hands he can only squirm like a panicked worm earning a hoarse but gleeful laughter from his own walking nightmare. "Where are you going professor?" Bai Li Wei mockingly asks as the man chokes back a frightened sob of despair as an icy hand slowly curls around his ankle. "I have some questions to ask you-"

"No! No, no, no, nonononon-!"

A shrill scream echoes through the hospital but, as if the whole place had been emptied out, there was nary a single response to the wails of a man slowly losing his mind.




[Ding, ding! Cruel Caress (Active) has reached Level 6!]

[Ding, ding! Cruel Caress (Active) has reached Level 7!]

[Ding, ding! Cruel Caress (Active) has reached Level 8!]

[Ding, ding! Voices of the Dead (Active) has reached Level 3!]

[Ding, ding! Voices of the Dead (Active) has reached Level 4!]

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has increased to Level 11!]

[Ding, ding! If Looks Could Kill (Active) has increased to Level 4!]

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has increased to Level 10!]

[Ding, ding! Malevolent Intent has reached Level 10! Activating new special skill Soul Sucker (active) level 1! Ooh yeah, baby-! Suck my soul energy! Suck it hard and drink it down!]

Jia Hyson felt his spiritual energy grow exponentially that night. And the nights after. Even in the day, it grew some too. He felt stronger. Better. More powerful.

In the man's dreams Jia Hyson had vented on him in every way imaginable. And as an author that had gotten so popular that he ended up dying in this, world thanks to the author god being inspired by his own fucking horror story he had a very good imagination. He'd torture him with medical instruments, whip him with a chain covered in fishing hooks that would rend his flesh and skin apart and break every bone in his body before pushing him into an open fire to burn. Just before the Professor died, turning into complete ash, he would wake up sweating and alive once more. He would gasp and moan and beg for a death that he doesn't deserve.

As he watches Professor Shen yell and cry at night. As he twitched and spasmed with fear in the day. Shivering and shaking in constant paranoia. By the fourth day the nurses had spread the rumor that strange things were happening around Professor Shen and the man himself was near catatonic.

He felt like a god.

During this time he had wrung out all the information he could from the man. Professor Shen wasn't the ringleader of the cult but, he was a strong pillar upholding it, one of the most fanatical and outspoken to the cause of 'Beauty triumphs everything' so he had been given a lot of responsibility and knows various things like the names and addresses of the members. Bebe has also helped identify the important people behind the names, while it couldn't do much for those with normal identities, if the cult member held some sort of prestige Bebe could scope them out.

Jia Hyson was honestly a little surprised by the quality of these members. There were around thirty people, twenty-seven were men and three were woman. Three of them were in politics, six were reputable scholars like Professor Shen, there was one in law enforcement, one army veteran and four individuals that own some sort of reputable shop or establishment. In short, these cult members were the two-faced hypocrite type that felt 'weighted down' by responsibilities and vented through abnormal means and obsessions.

The enforcer and the veteran aside, the rest should also be quite spineless and cowardly like Professor Shen ah? After all, those ones will be relatively normal people unless they had a secret love of killing or a completely twisted view on life. However the odds of that are quite low, after all, if they did hold such heavy inclinations they probably would have aimed a little higher than joining a Beauty Appreciation Cult  

Bebe: 'You... what the fuck do you mean aim higher?'

Jia Hyson: 'You know, being their own serial killer, establishing an anti-government terrorist squad, assassination- I don't know. Go big or go home you know?'

Bebe: '...' Bebe doesn't know.

Jia Hyson: 'Aiyah, if I hadn't been such a successful writer as well as being so lazy and well bred I'm sure I might have taken a similar path.'

Bebe: '...' So you do admit you secretly have harboured such heavy inclinations ah?

Jia Hyson: 'Then again, in a roundabout way I did take such a path in my original life haha.' 

Bebe who recalls the police records: '...' Bebe can't hear. Bebe didn't hear. Bebe won't hear.

The enforcer could just be corrupt or one of those perverted policemen people see in the news these days, similar to the political officials but with a license to bear arms. The veteran... Jia Hyson frowns lightly in thought. That wasn't a conventional job that appeared in horror. Especially not coupled with the cultist trope.

An ex-soldier... even if he wasn't alive right now Jia Hyson senses the man is definitely someone to be wary of. His job wasn't for someone fitting of a stereotyped cult villain and an outlier in a mob was like a mutation in a herd of beasts. The veteran should be stronger and more cunning than the rest. He would have to deal with that one as soon as possible.

However, he has to wait for Li Guiren to pick him up first.

Meanwhile, as he waits, Professor Shen who's usefulness is all used up, will help him happily pass the time. Xu Xia has given him a lot of good ideas to play with, it would be a waste not to try them out while he has the chance. After all, the hospital has many good things, Jia Hyson is sure he can get his hands on some good virility drugs to play with- oh, oh and some leeches too-! ():

Jia Hyson felt like a child in a toy store. Because of his previous undergraduate research project when he was younger he had been given a large number of beetles like cockroaches that he may or may not have used inappropriately on people who have tried to date rape him among other things. Now he's got access to medicinal leeches, which in some ways can be considered more repulsive than beetles.

Bebe: vomiting noises

Bebe: Bebe wants to go home  

...

Li Guiren came back fifteen days later.

His father had gone off somewhere again so he could only defend on Shen Wan for visitation rights. However Shen Wan had kept saying she has been extremely busy and kept pushing his requests to visit the professor off again and again until he finally lost his patience and his temper. Only after screaming and making a large enough fuss did Shen Wan finally agree to visit the hospital again with a sour and unwilling expression.

Li Guiren couldn't help but remember Wei's words about family and smiles bitterly. It seems Wei was right. Family... no matter how much he wants to have one, it appears that it wasn't worth it. Family was only something that just looked good on the surface.

Even though he felt a little hollow inside, Li Guiren did not feel as sad as he thought he would be. After all, he still had Wei.

He will always have Wei.

...

Because Li Guiren has been there before, he had already memorised roughly where Professor Shen's hospital room was so when Shen Wan, who at least had the consciousness to ask if he remembered where to go, left to go get coffee, Li Guiren quickly made his way there.

When Li Guiren arrived and saw Professor Shen, he was shocked and appalled. Before he had already looked bad but now he was something that one couldn't bear to even look at. He looked like he hadn't eaten nor slept since he had visited, his skin was wan and waxy, half his hair was pulled out, and there were various marks all over the body. Scratches, bruises, burns.

"What happened to uncle?!" Li Guiren exclaims, even though he knew exactly what or who was responsible. He felt a little disturbed at the sight, especially when he saw Professor Shen's eyes... those were not the eyes of someone sane or even one of someone aware of reality.

A passing nurse shudders, and pulls Li Guiren out of the room. "Little boy don't go in there!" She warns sternly but the way she glances fearfully at the vacant looking Professor Shen betrays her nervousness, "That man... I didn't believe in curses and ghosts and what other nonsense but that man clearly incurred the wrath of something otherworldly." She looks down at Li Guiren with a face full of pity, "You say he's your uncle? I don't want to be heartless child but you really should stay away from him. All sorts of terrible things have happened around him, I fear that unless the doctors finally bring a priest or monk over, that man is done for."

"Thank you auntie," Li Guiren accepts her advice with wide eyes and a wavering voice, making him look exceptionally innocent and scared, "however Auntie Shen told me to wait here so I'll stay until Auntie Shen comes back."

The nurse frowns, "Your aunt just left you alone in a hospital?" Her face softens was she sees Li Guiren look down, his expression is hidden to her but she is sure he feels saddened by his aunt's clearly callous actions. "Don't worry, tell this auntie her name and roughly what she looks like and I'll find her for you!" She declares, thumping her chest confidently. The faster the aunt comes and picks the boy up and away the better!

Sensing her good intentions Li Guiren answers back politely and waves her goodbye sweetly. Once she turned the corner, the sunny smile he was using immediately dropped and he stuck his tongue out before walking back into the room. "Wei Wei? Where are you?" He whispers loudly as he begins to search around.

"I'm right here-"

Suddenly he felt a cold touch graze the back of his neck. Li Guiren had to cover his mouth to hold back the squeal. Ah, ah, how can it be colder than an ice cube ah?!

He turns around with a scolding expression. "Wei!"

Wei's gorgeous ghostly visage floated in front of him wearing a cheeky bright smile. Li Guiren couldn't help but feel his little heart beat fast with an unknown feeling bubbling between his ribs. Compared to when he had to leave Wei behind, Wei now looked much more cheerful and pleased when before he had an oppressive gloomy air that made Li Guiren instinctively shrink back a little.

The usually mature Wei even playfully made a peek-a-boo gesture as he laughingly asks, "Missed me?"

"Yes," Li Guiren answer honestly, his heart wavering. At first he was unnerved by Professor Shen but seeing how childishly joyful Wei was... the initial worry and disturbed feeling has lessened by a large amount.

Wei smiles fondly, and plants a quick kiss on him, making him shiver at how cold Wei was. Wei has always been cold but right now it was like the young man had been made from snow and carved from ice. However, even though it was as cold as winter frost, his heart felt as sweet as spring blossoms. "My doll is under the bed, I moved it a bit back so the nurses won't find it. Please fetch it for me, I have one last thing to do."

Li Guiren nods brightly, happy to see Wei in such a good mood. Enthusiastically he crawls down to get the doll. He had missed holding it in his arms. The doll really was far back, so it took him a minute or two to crawl in, making him completely miss what happened next.

Jia Hyson stares down at Professor Shen with a strange mix of satisfaction and repulsion and a little bit of reluctance before sighing. "You, seriously, why couldn't you be a rapist like normal scum? Who ever sees a hot guy and thinks 'oh yeah that's someone I wouldn't mind putting next to my Barbie'? Fucking piece of shit."

Bebe: '...Is host implying that rapists would get a lighter punishment?'

Jia Hyson: 'Wha- no! _ I'm just saying that you know, you get way more rapists in the world than doll cultists and like... okay I don't know, I was just trying to deride him okay?!'

Bebe: 'Fine, fine... so you've decided how to finish him off?'

Jia Hyson smiles, using [Psychic Terror level 1] which he has trained constantly when he was bored, he gets a small bottle hidden in the corner of the room to roll out so he can float over and pick it up. In it was dentures cleaner liquid. Jia Hyson found it when he was rummaging through the new products that had been shipped to the hospital. This sort of liquid, can be treated as bleach.

As in, no matter what, do not drink.

Jia Hyson: 'Hehehe bottoms up motherfucker.'

When Li Guiren shuffled out of the bed, curious about the muffled screaming sounds above him, he saw Wei wiping his corporeal hand, now covered in blood, onto the bedsheet, and Professor Shen lying motionless on the bed.

Jia Hyson: 'I died burnt from the outside-in and now you die burnt from the inside-out. How poetic.'

Bebe: 'Host... This sort of underlying poignant 'what goes around comes around' message Host is trying to bring to his death is... really good ah.'

Wei smiled serenely at Li Guiren. It was the sort of smile one would have when finally relaxing in the bath after a long day, where all the tension and heaviness of hard work is released after so long. Wei looked dazzling but adding to the picture the blood and dead body, he... well he was still very dazzling but in a very morbid, eerie way.

"Xiao Ren let's go okay?" Wei coaxes, ignoring the body behind him, "You don't need to see this."

Li Guiren silently stares at Wei before slowly nodding. He left the room, leaving with only one last lingering look at Professor Shen's body. The room was dim, Li Guiren could only see the old man's limp arm in the shadows.

That was the last time he saw Professor Shen.

...

Jia Hyson came out of the hospital refreshed. Ah, there really was nothing like torturing your enemy to feel this great! Now all that was left was to deal with those damn cultists and then they can wait for the other ghosts and, eventually, the plot to arrive.

The problem with dealing with so many cult members though is that if you go one by one, inevitably someone will catch on and the result would be that many rat will end up escaping. Jia Hyson has become very powerful, well, enough to kill at least two people at once with Hair Control at least. Unfortunately against over thirty people, that sort of strength isn't enough and he also has very limited mobility due to being chained to his doll.

This creates a slight dilemma for him who wants to catch every single one of these perverts and burn them alive. However, he is a gracious malevolent spirit and will make do with at least 90% of them falling into his hands. So he hatches a plan.

Jia Hyson: 'What do you think?'

Bebe: 'Pretty good, but what is host going to do when they gather?'

Jia Hyson: 'I wanted to do something like those games in a Saw movie but I've never had the brains for those sort of things. Also, it doesn't match up with the supernatural genre either.'

Bebe: '...Bebe doesn't like how Bebe almost ignored the first part of that sentence like it was normal.' (_) This psycho host.

Jia Hyson: '...Bebe, we are talking about my revenge arc, why do you always push the topic back to you?' (_) This self-centered system.

And so, the psycho host and the self-centered system continued to plot and bicker. Mostly bicker. But some plotting did get done eventually.

During this time Li Guiren held some mixed feelings. When Wei came back from the hospital after killing the professor, it would be a lie to say he hadn't been afraid. Killing was, it was wrong! ...Right?

But afterwards Wei was no longer in such a strange mood. Wei was happier, kinder, it was like Wei had gone back to when he first met Li Guiren. They talked all the time again, Wei doted and paid much more attention on him, he finally got to show Wei his favorite show Police-Detective Xi. Li Guiren had absolutely been ecstatic, this was what he wanted!

But was it worth it if someone died as a result?

This feeling of swinging between guilt and happiness, for most is very hard to bear. For a child like Li Guiren it is both even harder and easier. Harder because of the simple straightforward teachings of right and wrong being ingrained into his mind, easier because children have always been flexible creatures who can delude themselves and deny more easily when it suits them. At this age, emotion triumphs facts. Maybe in the future Li Guiren would struggle with what has happened but for now he only felt that the importance of Wei was much greater than a villain like Uncle Shen.

And the further away from Professor Shen's death it was, Li Guiren couldn't help but note how little things had changed. His father had left Shen Wan, gotten a new woman and still focused mainly on the band. The new auntie was like all the others, distant yet doting in public. There were no big impacts to the man's death, no suspicions, no consequences. The weight of death to him no longer seemed so heavy and so a dark seed that had long sprouted in Li Guiren was growing stronger each passing day. If... if Wei is happy... than isn't it fine then?

Even though Wei wasn't like those aunties who are only nice to him at first before slowly ignoring him... Li Guiren wonders sometimes if he had been successful in stopping Wei from hurting the professor back then, maybe Wei too would have finally got tired of him and left like everyone else.

In fact, wouldn't it be better if more people died? Then Wei would be always happy, Wei would always feel satisfied and strong and play with him always.

So on the day Wei finally revealed his future plans, Li Guiren no longer had the strong hesitation and fearful doubt in his heart that he had at first. In fact, an odd sense of anticipation sizzled inside his chest. People were selfish creatures. Children were just more open about it.

Li Guiren was very open to Jia Hyson, so it was easy to tell the boy was interested in the plan. Jia Hyson felt a little, no, very conflicted on this matter.

After venting and bullying Professor Shen to literal death, a large weight had come off his shoulders and Jia Hyson could finally take back some emotional awareness and sanity from his eroded mindset. Professor Shen made up a large portion of his and Bai Li Wei's grudge and by erasing it, his emotions were less erratic and irrationally blinded by the need to pursue revenge.

As a consequence he had reflected at how he had treated Li Guiren and felt that out of the pair, Jia Hyson had clearly been the unreasonable one who was in the wrong so he paid extra attention and care toward Li Guiren to compensate. Not that it was very difficult. Jia Hyson was very fond of the boy, and it had been a while since they could play and talk freely like this. It was good to relax a little, even if the rate of absorbing negative energy decreases as a result, he cannot bear to call his happy times with Li Guiren a loss.

However he had never expected... after mentally recovering from Professor Shen's death... Li Guiren would be so... understanding.

"You.." Jia Hyson says at a loss, "You want to watch?"

Li Guiren nods shyly. Jia Hyson wants to hit him and scold this child. What 'nods shyly'?! Why do you look like you're asking for a new toy?! Ah, ah even Jia Hyson feels cold looking at that glimmer in your black eyes boy!

Jia Hyson hasn't felt a headache for a long time but it was the only explainable description for what he was feeling now, "I, you, it's, people are going to get hurt Xiao Ren. You'll see some very ugly things. Weren't you already unhappy with what I did with Professor Shen? This will be worse." He tries to coax but to no avail.

"It was scary but, but I want to be supportive." Li Guiren's eyes brighten as he looks deeply into Jia Hyson's eyes, "Teacher Mei says a good relationship is only good when both people support each other and their interests no matter what." he replies earnestly.

Jia Hyson: '...' Teacher Mei is probably crying right now.

Bebe: '...' Bebe is also crying right now.




Looking at Li Guiren's glittering black eyes and lovely little smile as he insists on watching a bunch of grown men die the host and system pair truly felt the corruption and bleakness of the world. Aiyah, look at this, they've ruined a perfectly good and sweet dumpling. Now it's bitter black dumpling. They really deserve to be shot ah.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe...'

Bebe: 'Don't talk to Bebe, Bebe cannot even look at Host right now.' Bebe has interned as a Villain System for the system world equivalent of five months and felt that it had never met someone as despicable as its current Host.

Jia Hyson: QAQ

The plan was fairly simple. Now that Jia Hyson had the information of the other cultists down, they can send everyone an anonymous letter informing them they knew everything that went down back then, that they had proof and that they were willing to sell this evidence back to them for a price or they'll sell it to the presses. After which, they will give a date, time and place to meet and negotiate. The date will be in around four weeks time, on the fourteenth day of the seventh month, a day before Ghost Day, the day which ghosts are able to supposedly move more freely and those in the lower realms can cross over to this one. The time would be just after sunset. And the place?

Obviously the demon house.

While Li Guiren is at school, Jia Hyson writes down what he wants to say and gets Bebe to copy it onto other pieces of paper before folding it up and placing it in envelopes. Luckily for them, Li Guiren was a very independent child so on the weekends no one raised an eyebrow at the boy going off on his own with a doll and a sackful of letters to post.

Shen Wan before breaking up with Li Du, had been plagued by nightmares and was 'convinced' the house was haunted and had to move out soon. To be perfectly honest, Jia Hyson didn't expect that she would actually gift the house to her scummy boyfriend out of spite. He really did this because there was some genuine negative energy hanging around due to his constant presence for so long and he felt he should at the very least stop her from going to an early grave. Shen Wan was fairly innocent and it wasn't like Li Guiren suffered badly under her care so he felt it was the bare minimum he could do.

Also. He needed to practice his nightmare skills.

But the stuff before that as well obviously.

...what was it he said before?

Bebe: 'That scaring her off from an early grave was the least you could do?'

Jia Hyson: 'Yes! Yes! Right! That!'

Bebe: '...' You clearly only did it for the latter reason Host.

Either way, it was an unexpected boon for Jia Hyson. He had a place with a decent amount of yin energy, he was close to the demon house and he didn't have to worry about moving to Mexico or something given Li Du's rather promiscuous cuckoo bird nature. Li Du and Li Guiren were also pretty pleased by the development. For Li Du he was happy to finally get a home base that was more or less rent free and for Li Guiren he liked living in the place he found Wei in.

In fact, when the doll room was cleared up and ready to be refurbished, Li Guiren actually asked to turn it into his bedroom. It should be noted this was against Li Du's, the servants' and Jia Hyson's wishes. Especially noting the last one. Because Jia Hyson is a good fucking parental figure!

Bebe: 'Haha quick fooling yourself Host.' 

Jia Hyson: '...' Wuwuwu his system is too mean!

He didn't mean to corrupt the child so early okay? Maybe make him a bit cynical, distance him from his father and more dependent on him in the process but how was he supposed to know the kid would just straight into being a murder voyeur?! And now he's going to sleep in a yin-infested room that even monks will not feel comfortable in! He may have a strong yang body but he's still a child. Who knows how the yin energy may seep in and influence him in the future?

Fuck! This kid is already revealing his extreme tendencies! Thinking about the future makes Jia Hyson a little scared now ah. Forget going back to the light side and betraying him, Jia Hyson's now worried he's going to go off the rails dark and absorb his energy for like, like, world domination or something! That was even more unacceptable than the first option!

What was he? The Tesseract?!

Jia Hyson: '...Actually, that would be pretty cool.' (_;)

However in the end it seemed that there wasn't much to worry about. Li Guiren was still the happy, naughty child like before, maybe a bit stickier but that was more endearing than anything. After a few weeks Jia Hyson and Bebe would no longer fret about him living in such a room and throw it to the backs of their minds in favor of other more pleasant things.

Like the upcoming cultist massacre.

Every time Jia Hyson thinks of it he chuckles evilly, his beautiful face turning malicious and poisonous. Bebe who could see both what is on the outside and the inside of it's host had to sigh. He truly fit the villain character very well, seductive and handsome on the outside and a scummy blackhearted inside. The villain systems have simply made such a huge loss ah.

Now that the letters have been sent, preparations have to be made. Because Jia Hyson depended on Li Guiren for travel, and Li Guiren refused to leave him unless needed, compromises had been made to achieve a good amount of efficiency. After classes, Li Guiren would rush out to the demon house with Jia Hyson hidden in his satchel bag and stay there till the evening.

During this time while Jia Hyson was instructing the other ghosts in the basement and improving their strengths, the boy would be forced to sit nearby and finish his homework. However Li Guiren truly did not mind being left out like this. After all it could not be helped that he was not a ghost, even he was green eyed in jealousy at the attention Wei was giving them he did understand he could not join in. But the more prominent reason to his forgiving attitude was...

"Wei! Wei!"

Jia Hyson who was in the middle of instructing Xia Cuifen and trying to see if she could develop the Hair Control skill immediately stopped mid-sentence to flyover to his family's little dumpling. "Yes Xiao Ren?" He asks, swirling around the small child, "What's wrong?"

Li Guiren pouts, his cute face scrunched up in a frustrated manner as he pitifully points at the question on the sheet. "Wei, I don't understand," He whines giving Jia Hyson an imploring look.

Under such a gaze, how can his heart not soften?

"Aw, don't worry Xiao Ren, let this big brother show you what to do," Jia Hyson coos and drifts closer. He begins to patiently explain the mathematical problem in a clear and easy to understand manner. In case Li Guiren still didn't understand, he would use his hair to form numbers and shapes to give examples.

Even though he wasn't top student smart, he didn't shame his family and got fairly high marks for most subjects earning a place in a good university. Not to mention he had experience tutoring kids. Teaching this sort of old-school grade school was nothing.

Bebe: 'Sometimes Bebe forgets you're an actual intelligent human being.'

Jia Hyson: 'Fuck you, don't you have my student records or something?' (_)

Bebe: 'Bebe did, but then Bebe saw the teachers' comments about how you were a polite, shy and well-mannered young boy and then treated it all as a fart.' ():

Jia Hyson: '...Roll!'  

Li Guiren smiles, this is why he was still in such a good despite being pushed into the literal and metaphorical corner when they visit the demon house. He relishes the fact that if he needed any help with questions, Wei would stop what he was doing almost immediately to help him. Not to mention, Wei never rushed through them or treated him with impatience no matter how many questions he asked, making his heart warm with affection and joy.

When he saw the ghosts looking at his Wei's back and himself, similar to how he looked at them when Li Guiren was left alone with his homework, the satisfaction was overwhelming. When Wei wasn't looking he gave them all a small sneer, sticking his tongue out at them. No matter what, Wei's favourite would always be him!

The ghosts: '...' What to do? The boss's kid is such a stinky brat. Really want to spank him ah.

It's easy to fall into a comfortable routine like this. Jia Hyson would be smuggled to Li Guiren's school and spend time exploring around through the shadows of the buildings, interested to see what it was like in the 'old days'. Who wasn't a little curious about the sort of education their parents and such got when they were young? Granted this was going to be some differences between worlds but still, other than a few more ghosts and monks and ancient themed things there wasn't much differences.

During lunchtime, Jia Hyson will occasionally come out to show Li Guiren the supernatural side of the school. The English teacher who hanged herself. The principal who was stabbed by the student he raped. The chemistry teacher who died because his students tried to pull a prank on him by putting chemicals into his water bottle. The female student that been raped to death.

...This was a really bad school ah.

In fact, Jia Hyson was fairly sure this is where one of the demon house ghosts- The Bullied Schoolgirl- would originate from. After all, there weren't many schools around and honestly, there is too many ghosts in this place to not have a bullied schoolgirl ghost. That's like, the main ghost you have in a haunted school okay?

After school, Li Guiren three times out of five, would head straight to the demon house with him. The other two times is when his friends occasionally ask him over to play or the odd chance Li Du was there. Since the crime they planned was very severe it was vital they needed to avoid earning enough suspicion to warrant summoning one of the monks over. Plus, Jia Hyson couldn't help but feel guilty over ruining an innocent child's life like this, even though he lost a lot of his consciousness he still tried to make up for it by encouraging Li Guiren to socialize and do more outdoor activities.

Luckily, Li Guiren was naturally fond of athletics and sports, even though he is reluctant to separate from his Wei, playing soccer in the sun is still much more appealing to him than doing homework in the damo basement. Ironically enough, because of this, many teachers have praised Li Guiren for his improved grades in academics and athletics. Not to mention, Li Guiren had a very popular lively personality and a good face, it was because he had to keep moving around with Li Du that he had developed a more reticent personality in public so now that he was finally living somewhere his attitude and popularity in school also improved.

To the average bystander, Li Guiren's life looked to be flourishing, but the truth is, he was slowly rotting from the inside.

Jia Hyson knew this but he really couldn't do anything about it. Well. He could but... he can't. No, maybe it was more like he won't. His emotions felt a lot like his current state, it appears and disappears but ultimately, it was never there in the first place, an echo of when he was alive.

All Jia Hyson could bear to do is just make the little boy as happy as he could given the sinister fate that had been given to him the moment he entered Professor Shen's secret room.

The good news is, that Li Guiren is very happy. He gets to spend so much time with Wei, and now that he's taken a more proactive role in Wei's plans he felt they were even closer and Wei had become even more attentive as a result. As the planned day drew near, it wasn't only the spirits who were getting excited, Li Guiren was as well.

However, with these people looking forward to the day, there were others that inevitably felt cold dread toward it.

"You still haven't found out who sent this?!" Politician Song yells with red eyes. "If this gets leaked it's over! It's all over!"

Head of the Education Association Board Zhang Wei frustratedly rubs his temples with one hand as he moves his ear away from the phone. "You think I don't know that? But how could we possibly pinpoint who sent this? There's no return address and the new postal service branch established here does not ask for every single identity of those that submit mail."

"This is all your fault!" Politician Song bemoans, "If you hadn't invited me-"

"Shut up!" Zhang Wei snaps, "It's not like I asked you to keep coming back!"

"Fuck you, you colour-seeking wolf!" Politician Song curses, (Apparently this insult is for older men, calling them predators that prey on the young) "How you got to where you are today continues to baffle me!"

Zhang Wei grinds his teeth at this hypocrite, after all, Politician Song had gotten his popularity as an advocate for helping orphanages, donating to help educate the young and so on, so on. It was how they got acquainted in the first place. "...Just bring your share of the money and meet me at the address fifteen minutes before the transaction is supposed to take place. If we're lucky we can meet whoever it is that has the evidence and get them to pin the crime on Wang Fang."

Wang Fang was part of the cult but at the same time he is a growing thorn in their side, doing his best to 'clean up' all the corruption in the government. Using such an excuse he has begun to air out various dirty laundry of his rivals while conveniently forgetting to investigate his own backyard. Currently he was associated strongly with the idea of Righteousness and Honour, who would know he was actually a pervert who loved the feet of beautiful boys? Apparently, before Bai Li Wei's death he had begged their leader to at least preserve the boy's feet which were the most lovely he had ever seen, and was so heartbroken about the loss he was bedridden for five days.

Needless to say, neither Politician Song, Zhang Wei and some of the other cultists looked up to him very much. To them who knew the man's true perverted side, it was hard for them to reconcile with the idea that this man may one day bring their careers down with his information network.

"Hahaha, not bad, not bad!" Politician Song immediately changed his tune at the suggestion of framing Wang Fang, "Occasionally you have some good ideas too! Yes! Let's do that! Bring more money if the blackmailer needs more convincing too!"

"Of course," Zhang Wei states flatly, "I must go get ready,"

"Okay, I shall see you fifteen minutes beforehand then."

Making a noise of confirmation, Zhang Wei hung up the phone and sneered. That Politician Song is a real piece of work. It was time he got what's coming to him. Zhang Wei took out the money he had withdrawn a week ago, as well as a small handheld pistol taped under his desk. Checking his watch Zhang Wei nods to himself and begins to leisurely read a book to calm his nerves.

Later, he leaves for the demon house. One hour early.

When he arrives, he can't help but frown at the drab and abandoned appearance as well as the rural and empty surroundings. Whoever the blackmailer was, they were really paranoid to go to such lengths for a private location. Then again, Zhang Wei smiles coldly as he pats the gun hidden under his clothes, it's a perfect place to hide a body.

If he kills the blackmailer and steals the evidence then wouldn't he be the one in power? No more bootlicking idiots like Politician Song, or getting constant headaches dealing with those snakes like Wang Fang, not to mention all the other benefits he could squeeze out of the other rather influential cult members! Money! Influence! Power! Zhang Wei's eyes glitter with greed and excitement as he enters the house.

"Hello?" He calls out, "I'm a receiver of the letter you sent, I'm here to make an exchange!"

Zhang Wei shivers, somehow it was colder inside the house than outside. How strange.

"...Come down the hall," A low male voice says, he sounds muffled but it was still loud enough for him to hear clearly. Probably wearing a face mask to cover up his identity. Zhang Wei sneers. It's a decent idea, to bad it'll do no good when he's dead. Still he complies.

"...To the room on your left."

"...Go to the bookcase."

"...Push it to the side."

"..Head into the tunnel and down the stairs."

Slowly, Zhang Wei feels something is amiss as he follows the instructions. It's only when he sees the hidden entrance does he feel a cold chill of realization run through him.

At first he had assumed the blackmailer was just a little ahead of him, leading him on to wherever he had hidden the evidence however, when he entered the room the blackmailer wasn't there. Consequently he felt something wrong but after the next instruction he just thought the other person was in the hidden room... but if that's so, then how is it possible the instructions spoken were so loud and clear in his ears?!

Not to mention, how does he know exactly where he is every time?!

Feeling nervous he calls out, "I, I... how do I know you don't have bad intentions for me? Why don't you come up instead?"

There was a short pause and Zhang Wei waited for a response, sweating nervously. His hand itches to take out the gun but he can't afford to show his hand too soon.

Finally he hears someone clicking their tongue. His back immediately is drenched in cold sweat and every hair he has is immediately standing on end. It sounded like there was someone right next to him!

"Tch. You're much smarter than the other two. Oh well." The male voice mutters, the soft muffled effect completely gone and now it's clear to Zhang Wei that there's somebody right there behind him. It's all been a trap!

Whipping around with his gun pulled out, he looks around frantically, only to find there was no one in the room with him. Fear truly breaks out now. Could it be the blackmailer knows martial arts?! He had really underestimated the other person!

"Hey, hey, watch were you're pointing that." The voice says, clearer than ever but there was still. No. One. There! "Someone could get really hurt."

"Where are you?!" Zhang Wei screams, than he has a thought, "Are there microphones and cameras?!" The room is dirty enough to hide them, it would make sense but... the voice had none of the static a recording would give off...

"Where am I?" The voice asks, a smirk in his voice, "Why I'm. right. here," each word was louder and louder until Zhang Wei could swear that he felt a breath on his ear at the end. Instinctively he knows he has to get out of here now. However, before he can even get away an invisible pressure on his chest firmly pushes him back.

For a moment Zhang Wei couldn't register what was going on. All he could do was fall heavily onto the ground, staring blankly as the bookcase is quickly pushed back. When he finally came back to his senses he curses and yells as he starts to bang and shove at the bookcase. After a few minutes he realizes the bookcase which had been so easily moved before with only some required strength, was now unable to be budged, completely blocking him from escaping and locking him in the darkness.

It was even colder in the tunnel than it was in the house.




"Rich people are scummy." Li Guiren says as he peeps through a small hole in the wall. On the other side is a room filled with mostly older men in very expensive suits and clothing. There was two women there too but it wasn't like they were dressed any more practical. Silks and scarves and diamond watches... it was like the peak of rich douchery had all gathered here to complain about the poor interior design.

"Aw," Jia Hyson pats him on the head, "that's not true, there are a bunch of non-scummy rich people like..."

He looks at the other four ghosts.

The scummy prestigious scholar gay homewrecker Zhou He: '...'

The scummy rich second generation cheater Bai Honghui: '...'

The scummy rich two-faced businesswoman Xia Cuifen: '...'

The scummy rich torturer slash black magic murderer Xu Xia: '...'

The scummy rich pervert Jia Hyson: '...'

"Ahem," Jia Hyson coughs lightly, "What I meant to say is that money does not necessarily make you scummy Xiao Ren. There are many poor people that are no good as well."

Li Guiren blinks at him with wide trusting eyes. "Oh, okay," he nods obediently. It made sense. His dad wasn't very rich but many of his girlfriends called him scum as well. He was glad he had Wei to help him understand.

Bebe: 'Congratulations scum host for chipping away a child's faith in humanity.' ():

The scummy host Jia Hyson: '...' Wow, he can feel the pure malice coming from that emoji.

Jia Hyson had been very indecisive about his revenge plan. There were too many people to take care of and too many things he wanted to do ah. So he came up with a plan.

Separate them!

With the room containing Li Guiren in the middle, the rooms on each side held at least ten cultists who had been lead by either Bai Honghui or Xia Cuifen. Obviously some came as a group and some alone, with them not necessarily arriving at the same time so it wasn't too difficult to arrange them in this manner. There were also the ambitious early birds like Zhang Wei who, hehe, were in the basement courtesy of Zhou He.

"Zhou He, how many people are in the basement?" Jia Hyson questions.

Zhou He pushes up his glasses, looking very much like a professional secretary, "Three. Should I start the game now?"

Jia Hyson shakes his head, "Go steal a fourth person in the crowd while they're distracted later. Then you can start."

The scholarly ghost smiles, not a trace of elegance befitting an intellectual was there, only an excited bloodthirsty cruelness. The other three ghosts shuffle agitatedly, they also showed their eagerness to play.

As befitting of his favorite saying 'two birds, one stone,' the cultists served many purposes for him. The most simplest purpose was appeasing Jia Hyson and Bai Li Wei's resentment for obvious reasons. Another was appeasing the basement ghosts sans Xu Xia. After all, while they have decided to do their best to ignore Xu Xia to forgive her is nigh impossible, the best thing Jia Hyson can give them is a chance to vent their grievances through others. Like how an abused child turns into a bully to feel better about their own situation, it's a cycle of malicious destruction.

It may not be exactly healthy but hey, as evil spirits they thrive off this sort of thing, so it'll also nourish and strengthen themselves while ironically helping them mentally cope, at least in regards with living with Xu Xia. Ah psychology. It's a good fucking thing Jia Hyson has a strong understanding of typical character psyches and thought processes. Hah, he really should've pursued psychology when he was younger.

Bebe: 'Bebe shudders to imagine host as a psychologist.'

Jia Hyson: 'I like to imagine if I was one I would be like that hot foreign therapist on that one show. You know, with the cooking and cute scruffy consultant with an empathy disorder?'

Bebe: '...You fucking mean the Hannibal show don't you.'  

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe do I-?'  

Anyway, with so many cultists everyone got to have a go. Not only was it very healthy for the ghosts, it improved camaraderie, relieve stress, helped them polish their skills, try out and learn new strategies and best of all enjoy themselves! It was a win win!

Bebe: '...' Why does this sound like opening up a health resort or planning a corporate retreat or something?

Ten minutes after the appointed time, people were becoming uneasy and impatient. The feeling of being crowded in only heightened their displeasure and uncomfortableness. Some of the more intelligent people were already suspecting a trap, however, they were also cautious and knew that just the possibility of the evidence against them being true was enough to make them stay.

"Where is this fucking guy?" Someone curses. "I have a meeting tomorrow morning that I can't get out of."

"Whoever he is, they aren't very smart to bring so many of us here," one of the woman, a socialite called Xiong Ting sniffs disdainfully. "Isn't obvious we can like, overpower him with numbers?"

The other woman, Wu Xiaoli, a sweet looking secretary belonging to the chairman of one of the top rice production companies in China, looks at her nails and rolls her eyes at Xiong Ting. "Do you really think he would have brought the evidence with him when we meet him? Honestly."

Xiong Ting glares at her, "What did you say bitch?"

"I'm saying not all of us has the same... thinking as you," Wu Xiaoli smiles sweetly, "It's a compliment, after all many people always say 'simplicity is the best'."

It wasn't just this pair of ladies, many people were breaking out into soft spoken arguments, engaging in battles of wits and words. Jia Hyson wanted to shake his head at it all. The power of the horror movie genre was really too good.

In a story world, the world will not only do its best to fill in the plot holes the author fails to explain, it will also do its best to conform to the author's intent. For example the original Can't Stand the Heat was ultimately a romance genre, therefore many tropes will be ingrained and influence people's decisions such as Drake's choice to play 'secret identity', Lex Grey and Daniel Green's 'opposite attracts' love affair, or Maddy and Jacob's romance which goes along with the idea that 'love is found in the most unexpected of places'.

Now, with the Demon House world being of the horror genre, one that was written with the underlying message that humans can be no better than the monsters under your bed, obviously the quality of people in this world had declined drastically. There were more bullies, backstabbers, liars and cheaters. The only innocent people are either dead, victims or too ignorant to realize their whole family are serial killers or something.

Out of the thirty or so cultists, a large amount were rich, corrupt and arrogant. The lower class were two-faced, greedy and secretly resentful of their more prestigious 'friends'. In short, out of thirty, twenty-nine of them were fucking cowardly bitches. The only possible exception is the veteran who was in the other room who, so far, has only sat quietly in the darkest corner with his head down.

The others in the same room as the veteran also behaved a little abnormally around him, giving him a wide distance and ignoring him. It made Jia Hyson curious. If this was a horror movie, the veteran, also known as Su Shian, would most likely play the competent supporting lead, the tough hard as nails guy with a history he regrets and tries to compensate for by using his life to save the protagonist. Alternatively he could be the psycho type who ends up making an even bigger mess in the chaos just for the sake of entertainment, the type who enjoys bloodshed and seeing people at their worst.

Of course, both those character archetypes are typically loners, it's hard to imagine them as cultists. Jia Hyson was honestly baffled by what this guy was even doing here so he choose to personally play with this particular room. When he gets bored he'll go around to see how the others are doing but he's got Bebe filming everything to watch for later anyway. He's even gone so far as to ask for an IOU to get a reality filter accessory for Bebe's cameras so he can get actually re-live their tortures with the best 4-D experience system technology can offer.

Aiyah, the future is so great! Can even film such amazing snuff films ah.

Bebe: '...That is certainly not the purpose of the reality filter.' First it's Host wanted to film him and Drake's lovemaking sessions and now Bebe has gone to record some snuff video footage. Bebe hates that it misses the porn now. At least it could naturally block it with censoring, however, gore can be important on the job so unless it gets an update specifically for violence it can't block the processing of such despicable visual information.

Anyway, everyone has their areas in the house. Zhou He has the basement with the early birds. Xu Xia has the hallways and bathrooms for the people who manage to escape. Xia Cuifen and Bai Honghui takes the room with the pair of girls, now dubbed Room A, and Jia Hyson has the room with the veteran, Room B. Li Guiren is in the room in between which has been blockaded by furniture for safety reasons. Everyone is very excited.

"There seems to be another person entering the house," Xu Xia suddenly announces, as the owner she has the most sensitivity in regards to the area. Both people and ghosts would have a hard time masking their presence with her around. After all, she was the true area boss.

"Bring them to my room and Zhou He can take the opportunity to take someone from there." Jia Hyson immediately decides. Then, pandering he looks at Li Guiren and with soft coaxing voice full of affection he asks. "Xiao Ren, which one do you think should go with Brother He? It has to be someone noticeable but not too noticeable ah,"

Li Guiren stuck his tongue out thoughtfully as he peered into the room Jia Hyson is in charge of. He hesitated for a moment before deciding, "The man in an orange shirt."

Since everyone else are ghosts they merely stuck their heads through the wall to confirm who he's talking about. Sure enough there was a somewhat boisterous and talkative middle aged man in a bright rather tacky orange shirt. Curious, Zhou He asks, "Why him?"

"It's ugly," Li Guiren instantly replies. Then looking at everyone's blank faces he further explains with the innocence of a child, "The shirt. It hurts to look at. He should go to the basement and die."

Jia Hyson: '...Oh my god.'

Bebe: '...So it turns out fashion is a crime.'

The ghosts: '... As expected of the Boss' kid. He's too hardcore.'

So, when the newcomer was shoved into Room B, Zhou He whisked the orange shirt man away. All ghosts had unique specialized skills to a certain extent. Now that they were close with Jia Hyson, Bebe could see their most basic stats. It isn't as comprehensive as looking at a protagonist's but it was enough to see their current skillset and give a good estimate on their power level.

Zhou He for example didn't have much in the way of offensive power but has a good grasp on Transparency and also holds a unique skill called Spirited Away which makes it easier for him to move things around unnoticed. He's also good with illusions, able to inflict the feelings he had experienced under torture to others. Given that he was considered the 'mastermind' out of the trio, Xu Xia had indeed given him a large variety of, cough, punishments so this skill was rather terrible in itself.

Xia Cuifen was more combat effective, she had Hair Control which seems to be the case for most female ghosts honestly, she had some psychic strength, and she had something called Seven Sinners which seems to smother the logic in a people's brain and enhance one of their sinful desires. The greedy become greedier, the lustful become even more so, etcetera. This is probably because before death she had been given various drugs that played with her mind and put her in various humiliating situations.

Bai Honghui was probably the tamest in terms of power level and skills. Out of the three in a way he was the most innocent so the punishments were only extremely severe when he tried to escape but mainly it was whipping and various other 'normal' methods that he had endured. Compared to being inflicted constantly with methods like drugged out humiliation, ball-crashing and insects bathing, it really was nothing. Since he hadn't suffered as much compared to his other two companions his resentment levels were not high enough to earn himself a special skill or if he has one, he hasn't been able to exhibit it. Currently, at most his psychic powers were a little stronger and he was better at solidifying his human form.

And Xu Xia... well, as the boss, is obviously OP as fuck. Mirror World, Friends Forever, Shatter, Heart's Illusion, Dark Mirror World, A Thousand and One Curses, Prophetic Disaster, Swallowing Glass, Five Senses of Fakery... these sort of ominous sounding skills are just a few she has. It's so fucking scary that Jia Hyson was pretty sure he had gotten a fear boner the first time he saw it.

Bebe: _ '...why.'

Jia Hyson: 'Knowing that it's almost impossible for me to get hard emphasizes how scared I am.' .

Bebe: 'Wha- no it doesn't!' This goddamn shitty host can still be so perverted even when impotent! ()

Anyway, the moment the newcomer was stumbled in, Jia Hyson made his move and slammed the door shut loudly making everyone jump.

"Hey! No need for that!" Someone complains. "The blackmailer hasn't even come yet,"

The newcomer's face was pale and sweating though, "That wasn't me!" He defends, he had felt something was wrong since he stepped in here and now the sudden slamming of the door only heightened his fears. Turning around he runs up to try the door handle, however, unbeknownst to him, Jia Hyson had already jammed it with hair on the other side. "Oh my god it's locked!" He shouts in a panic, "we're locked in!"

Everyone in the room with him immediately rushes up to try. Even if they were all corrupt officials type cannonfodder or maybe because they were, their self-preservation instincts were all relatively strong. "Fuck! He's right!" "We're trapped?!" "Shit, shit, shit!"

"Everyone out of the way," a burly looking man says, once the crowd complies he runs up to the door and tries to body slam it down. However despite the bad conditions of the door it stayed firm. Unnaturally so as the door clearly made a cracking sound.

Suddenly the burly man howled, stumbling back from the door only to fall onto his ass groaning in pain. For a moment no one understood what was wrong but the people closest to him gasped in shock and horror as they realize thin black, hair like needles were poking out of the burly man's body, blood was starting to slowly leak from the places. Not even his face was spared and he was bleeding in one eye.

Jia Hyson who has a thing with needles to the point he swore to never get a piercing in his original life: '...ugh oh no that's really gross actually.'

Luckily the other cultists seem to agree and they backed away from the door. Someone retched in the corner of the room. No one was helping the injured and man, like the door they had retreated from him as if he had the plague.

"Please..." the injured man gasps, "I just need to take them out... take... Ah... take them out!" Because he must have closed his eyes when slamming himself against the door, the needle in his eye also caught onto his eyelid making the fragile skin tear awfully when he opened his eyes. The blood there was pouring out as well as some clear liquid from the inside of the eyeball.

Jia Hyson who really couldn't look at him anymore: 'Oh my god you cold hearted fucks take it out already! Even though I planned this how did I somehow receive so much damage ah QAQ'

Finally someone knelt down and cautiously began to pull one of the hair needles out, however as he began to tug it the injured man howled in agony. It was because Jia Hyson had purposely manipulated the hair not only to strengthen to the point it could pierce flesh, but to also make a hook at the end of it so taking them out will not be easy.

When the first needle was finally, excruciatingly pulled out, a fingernail sized chunk of flesh was pulled out with it. By then the burly man had long fainted from pain and the person who had pulled it out had thrown the needle away as if it was poisonous and ran to the other side of the room to cry, hands trembling.

The room had become silent and solemn, people were afraid and angry but no one knew what to do with such high strung emotions. Then distantly they began to hear the sounds of screaming and wailing.

"Wh-what it is going on?!" A young man in a business suit shouts as a particularly shrill scream cuts through the air. Jia Hyson winces, it was definitely one of the women, there was no way these men could hit such a piercingly high note.

An older looking gentlemen was staring up at the ceiling and began to yell loudly, "I have money and connections, do you know who my father is?!"

Jia Hyson: '...It turns out the first person to use the typical rich second generation lines is a man older than half of the room.' It wasn't very important but it felt a little disappointing ah.

Like chickens soon everyone also began to cluck and squawk around loudly saying similar words lines. Some were threatening, some bribing, some a weird mix of both. Jia Hyson quite liked it, he even got Bebe to write down some of the more creative ones. Cannonfodder lines were so cliche nowadays, it was important to find new ways for them to speak in order to gain a little interest in them. It was nice to meet these real life Draco Malfoys in such a situation really.

After the shouting finally died down a little Jia Hyson decides to make a move. His possession ability was not high but it was not low either, plus he has more experience in this sort of manipulation since he inhabits a doll's body often. Taking advantage of the burly man's unconscious state he slides into his body and opens his eyes with a wide smile.

Luckily, due to the dissonance between spirit and body, the pain the burly man experienced could not be felt or Jia Hyson certainly would not have chosen this method. Still in his crumpled position on the ground, Jia Hyson begins to laugh, softly at first then louder and louder attracting everyone's attention.

Because his skill in possession was not good Jia Hyson also couldn't access things like a person's memories or use their voice, so when he laughed he laughed using Bai Li Wei's soft raspy young voice making it seem especially eerie and off.

"Z-Zhong Tian," Someone stutters as they back up against the wall. At this point every wall was covered in rich men despite mere minutes ago being disdained by said men for being too dirty and moldy. "Zhong Tian what's wrong?"

"Money? Connections?" Jia Hyson asks, voice soft but under the tense silence it felt as loud as any scream, "What use is this to me?" making the body sit up he twists the burly man, Zhong Tian's head to face the other who named him. An audible crack was heard from his neck as his head bent disjointedly. Jia Hyson smiles even though the metallic taste of warm blood was seeping up his throat, he lets it fall out his mouth unnerving the crowd further, "All I want is to play with you a little ah?"

It turns out, Jia Hyson was wrong. Men can produce higher pitches than woman. Damn.

After the screaming died down, Jia Hyson deigned to open his, or well, Zhong Tian's mouth again. Honestly, if the amount of screaming didn't indicate a high surge of negative energy Jia Hyson really... no, wait, he still doesn't appreciate it either way. Whatever. They're all going to die eventually, let them scream.

The veteran, Su Shian, didn't scream though. He was pale and a little shaken but not as obviously terrified as everyone else. Even the negative energy leaking out of him was the equivalent of a leaky tap compared to the rest. It sort of pissed Jia Hyson off.

Like, like somehow going to fucking war was on the same level as a ghost haunting situation. Not that he looks down on veterans and thinks going to war is easy shit, but like, you know, this is clear evidence of the otherworldly man! And the otherworldly is about to fuck you up! React!

Noticing Jia Hyson's heated gaze on him the veteran looked up and suddenly it was Jia Hyson's turn to go cold.

Grey eyes, silver and metallic like a gun, met his own reddened ones, their gazes clash and for a moment Jia Hyson's chilled deadened heart trembles.

...Monroe?




The thing is, Jia Hyson was already having some doubts when he was with Li Guiren. He, who has such a poor memory and face blindness for new people, had inexplicably felt that Li Guiren was so much like Drake despite the fact only his eye coloring were the same. Jia Hyson thought it was just a way to cope with the loss.

Even though in his reality black eyes were rare and usually just a really, really dark brown, in stories, many people had eyes 'as black as night'. Generally important characters but some cannonfodder and bystanders had them too. So it was easy to brush it off.

However, grey eyes were not common, not even in stories. Forest green, blue as the ocean and the sky, golden honey brown, mesmerizing purple, blood red... even stormy blue-grey were more often seen. For eyes, silvery grey colors was not really the most popular thing despite being a kick-ass color choice. Even if it were... the character would have it as a rare genetic mutation or maybe a special bloodline or something.

Silver eyes are not cabbages at a market okay? They don't show up in every goddamn story. It was already strange enough a bystander character like Monroe had them.

So, seeing this seemingly random piece of shit cultist cannon fodder have silver eyes... the exact same shade as Monroe, the only other person other than Drake who had left a shadow in his heart... how can he not suddenly waver?

"You," Jia Hyson rasps, even though his voice was naturally a little dry due to his cause of death suddenly it truly felt like he had lost saliva in his throat, "You, are you really Su Shian?"

A flash of surprise, then wariness crossed over the veteran's eyes, "No," He croaked, it was the first time he spoke, low and raspy but unlike Jia Hyson it was a hoarseness developed from age and a lack of use. "Su Shian was a subordinate of mine, I am Liao Zhiqiang."

The answer is smooth, and Jia Hyson couldn't sense a lie. It would also make sense why everyone was avoiding him then if he was a stranger, after all during his time in captivity he didn't recall anyone who was ostracised to such an extent. Suddenly Jia Hyson couldn't help but feel a little sympathetic for Liao Zhiqiang with a 'so it's like this' feeling.

Because this meant there's a strong chance he was the protagonist character in this short story. The real Su Shian must be quite cautious and intelligent. He would have been the most suspicious of the blackmailer and so he tricked Liao Zhiqiang into taking his place, given the shared background he probably cashed in some sort of life-debt favour, pushing him into a pit. Liao Zhiqiang had good survival skills as a soldier, a decent commanding presence and the identity as the innocent unwitting victim. It checks a lot of horror protagonist boxes. Plus... Jia Hyson's gaze flickers over the man.

Plus he was quite attractive ah.

The veteran was someone in his sixties but still retained a somewhat muscular, commanding figure. Despite his grey hair messily covering his sallow face and the faint smatterings of a beard, it didn't completely hide the sharp distinguishing features of his taciturn appearance.

He completely had the look of a handsome young commanding officer who came into the army with the swaggering arrogance and confidence of a man with his whole life of paved victories ahead of him then had got discharged for reasons and became disillusioned with humanity after experiencing war, then trying to drown it out with booze and bad decisions as he slowly wastes away.

Honestly, it was sort of hot.

Bebe: 'Are you seriously going to throw the plan away for a nice face?'

Jia Hyson: '...No.'

Bebe: '...' Bebe doesn't believe you.

Jia Hyson: 'I cough just realised it would be interesting to make some sudden adjustments, leaving a survivor or two behind will help us spread the notoriety of the house.'

Bebe: '...' Bebe still doesn't believe you but what you said does make sense.

"Liao Zhiqiang, a good name," Jia Hyson savers the name then chuckles, looking away from the veteran to sweep his gaze over the rest of the room. Unlike Liao Zhiqiang, they all shuddered and felt a terrible intent gripping at their hearts. They felt their blood turn cold and their sweat turn colder. Jia Hyson quietly applauds himself. [If Looks Could Kill (Active) Level 4] really has such a good effect, the fear is so pungent he can literally taste it. Which you know, sounds gross but for ghosts it was like opening the oven door containing a delicious Sunday roast.

Feeling invigorated, Jia Hyson smiles widely, revealing the bloody teeth of the burly man. "Do not worry friends, I am a kind ghost. If you play with me once I will let four people go. Play another game and three people can leave. And the next game..." he lingers off suggestively. It was clear that despite his claim of being 'kind' he had no intention of letting them all leave alive.

However none of them dared to question it, they were still too shaken from all the stimulation of the past ten minutes.

Seeing their silence as submission, Jia Hyson smiles wider, clapping his hands happily like a child before wincing as the feeling of the hair needles in his hands were pushed further into the flesh. You would need tweezers to get them out now. The poor sap is going to be in a world of pain if he ever wakes up. "Fantastic, now, when I was younger I was betrayed see? Because of this betrayal I died," Even though the tone was lighthearted everyone could hear the underlying current of resentment and hatred in his voice. "So the first game will be all about betrayal. I will pick four people and everyone shall do their best to confess a secret about at least one of them. The person who is betrayed the most will die. Simple ah?"

Everyone began to sweat. Yes. It was very simple. So simple it was easy to see the consequences of it. The ghost was asking for their blackmail secrets! Does he not understand how important some of these people were? Some of these secrets are literally life-threatening! To say them in front of a crowd... even if they do leave the room who knows if they can survive outside?

Sensing their thoughts, Jia Hyson gives them all a knowing look, "The people who can give out the worst secret for each person can leave. They can also discuss and kill off another one of the four." Thinking it may not be enough incentive he adds, "And I am willing to divulge a special secret myself that can lead you to new riches."

Murmurs and whispers began to fill the air as greed and the will to live light up their eyes. People who are scared are more likely to grasp onto survival, and if they can even get extra benefits alongside it, well, there's a reason treasure-hunting had been so popular back in the day. Or was it these days? Jia Hyson wasn't fully aware of the time period okay. Bebe tried to explain the basic rundown to him ages ago but he was never great with history. Whatever. That's the author god's problem not his.

Quickly he began to pick his targets, "The handsome young man in a green tang suit over there, that gentleman who's still wearing a hat indoors and uh, you, yes, you with the tiny glasses." Jia Hyson points at the three he had singled out before contemplatively looking around for his last victim. The trio who had been shoved forward by their fellow cultists were the few Jia Hyson recognised when he was still alive. The Green Tang Suit Guy liked to hit him to vent about his 'stressful' life as a incompetent heir to the family (not in the face though, there seems to be a serious rule about not hurting his face). The Hat Guy liked to tempt him with hot delicious smelling food before eating half of it in front of him. He would finally let Jia Hyson eat some after licking it all over, getting some kick out of watching a beautiful boy like him hungrily devour his shitty leftovers. The Small Glasses guy...

Well, actually he didn't do that much but he wore his small glasses outside his mask and it just fucking sort of pissed him off so you know. Obviously he's got some shady shit going on. Let's see if we can kill him off.

Bebe: '...' As expected of the reasoning of Li 'Orange shirt must die in a basement' Guiren's older brother figure.

The three people held a look of pure fear and despair as they stood in the middle of the room. Jia Hyson struggles a little but eventually stands up, walking jerkily around to decide on the last victim. There were two in the room that forced him to give them blowjobs, there was another one that liked to whip him, oh, he also saw one asshole he's pretty sure ejaculated into his food bowl a few times...

Okay. Well, there could have been many people who did that. That seems like something these perverted freaks would do. And the food really wasn't that great so it's a real possibility. But there was only one who had the balls to do it in front of him. Jia Hyson sort of respects that. Don't get him wrong, he'll definitely tear them off when he gets a chance. But like, in a respectful manner.

In the end, he decides to go strategic and take Liao Zhiqiang. Because one, it seems he's an outsider so he won't be backstabbed so hard unless Su Shian was also a fucking blabbermouth and therefore the chance of the other three dying increases exponentially. And two... even though he was fairly sure Liao Zhiqiang wasn't a tormentor of his, Jia Hyson was still a little leery. If anyone betrays anything about him than it would definitely prove he has an affiliation with them and Liao Zhiqiang's identity would once again become suspicious.

Jia Hyson had already blackened pretty badly. He would even occasionally test Li Guiren's loyalties, to not do so to this stranger would be unlike him. Still, like Li Guiren he held some expectations in his heart.

As the four stood in the middle, the backstabbing began. Jia Hyson gestured toward a timid looking man to start first, he hesitates for a moment, glancing at all of them before finally landing on Small Glasses Guy. "Brother Ren and I work in the same building," he began, he cowers once more under Small Glasses' furious glare before quickly gaining his confidence. The more he spoke the more disdainful his expression was, his true feelings toward this 'good brother' of his coming out, "I work the late shift a lot so I often caught sight of him and a woman sneaking in to the hospital after his work hours are over. They would take any room available, even the morgue was no exception!" Then with a sneer he adds, "In fact, I think his favorite place was the morgue, I would often hear others complain about the white crusty stains and off moaning coming from there at random times."

"You! How dare you!" Small Glasses' yells, ashamed and angry as many people's gazes toward him quickly change as the first secret comes out. He was the hospital director's son and a well known doctor who was handsome, gentle and attentive. It turns out... he was a deranged perverted sex addict who liked to defile the health violations of his own hospital and his own body by engaging in such acts in the morgue!

Even though they were all perverts on some level to kidnap Bai Li Wei, because the young man was such an unparalleled beauty, they can more or less brush it off with a few excuses like, 'it's a waste to let him be unappreciated', 'he was going to rot in that wretched home anyway' etcetera. Everyone was a tyrant in some manner, most had a history of stealing people's innocence or overpowering them with their money and lineage so they were used to comforting themselves and losing no sleep over such things after a while.

However, humans are intrinsically self-centred. It's okay if they did it. They had their reasons but when someone else is outed for a similar crime they cannot help but judge them.

Also, Small Glasses' hospital was a prestigious top medical facility, a place they used! No one liked thinking that the place they associated with healing and sterility was actually a ground for uninhibited sexual misconduct! Not to mention, to have sex in the morgue... either Small Glasses was an exhibitionist that needed an audience or a necrophiliac right? He had always been looking forward to Bai Li Wei's death too now that they think about it... How depraved!

Jia Hyson laughs quietly. They've only unveiled one secret and already it's enough to ruin the guy's future ah. Secretly he glances at a tape recorder he had hidden inside one of the old drawers. Even though it wasn't high tech in order to match with the times it came from BeBay so the audio quality would still be much better than average. He plans to copy then anonymously mail the device's contents around and hope someone has the balls to publish such scandalous news on such high profile people.

"Hong Zhuwei!" Small Glasses roars, "I treated you well and this is how you repay me?!"

"Your father and his wallet treated me well," Hong Zhuwei sneers, "I would rather you didn't treat me at all given how it's your fault I'm in this mess!"

"Haha I wasn't the one who got down on his knees to suck the boy's cock while he was sleeping!" Small Glasses reveals derisively making it Hong Zhuwei's turn to go red.

Jia Hyson gives Hong Zhuwei a contemplative look. So it turns out this guy's into somnophilia ah? Jia Hyson sighs. Aiyah such an easy thing, this sort of vanilla kink one could pay for at a brothel and yet he had to go kick an iron plate and join a beauty cult to get his rocks off.

Before they can waste time arguing some more Jia Hyson turns to look at the person next to Hong Zhuwei. This one was clearly from an older generation however Jia Hyson has no intention to respect the elderly here. "You, you're next." He snaps.

It seems the elderly had no intention to respect him either. The old man stares at him with red eyes. "W-Who are you to make such demands of us!" He shouts, only a slight waver in his voice betraying his true feelings, "We don't deserve this sort of sick game!" And maybe that would have been a somewhat acceptable thing to say if the old man didn't add, "Leave and maybe I will think of letting you go!"

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: '...' Host was right. The quality of people in this world was very low ah.

"Don't deserve it? Don't deserve it?" Even though a part of him was really itching to just slap the old man even stupider, it wouldn't be very fitting for the tone of the atmosphere. Instead he lowers his head, then does that thing so many villains do where they start to chuckle softly, then the laughter gets louder and louder before finally throwing his head back and cackles hysterically. It felt... really fucking cool.

"Old fool!" Jia Hyson spits at the now pale and shaking old man, his face contorted into a bloody smile, "You still haven't figured out who I am?"

Before anyone could answer he escapes the burly man's body, letting it fall in an unseemly clump on the ground as he floats upwards, revealing himself to the room. Everyone gasps somehow shocked by the identity reveal.

"You?!"

"It, it can't be!"

"Bai Li Wei?!"

"I had my suspicions but... to think..!"

However Jia Hyson did not have time to silently roast these incompetent pieces of human scum because a notification had just rung in his head.

[Congratulations! You've unlocked the special skill, I Can't Believe it's Not Human! (Active) First butter, now people? The world is a lie!]

Jia Hyson: 'Okay, seriously, give me this guy's number, I think I'm in love.'

Bebe: 'Overlord Li Jun doesn't have a number... he sighs he made it so anyone who wanted to contact him has to use this :. o()o .: emoticon.'

Jia Hyson: '...oh wow.' It's official, he's going to find the guy and marry the fuck out of him.

Li Guiren: 'Suddenly I feel a disturbance in the force.'

Liao Zhiqiang: '...'

He didn't have time to ponder over the system-equivalent of sex nor his new special skill right now though. Using Hair Control he lifts the old man from the ground by the neck with a maniacal smile, "You all ruined my life, you humiliated me, treated me worse than a dog and then you killed me! And you still have the face to say you all don't deserve this?! This is heaven's punishment!"

Jia Hyson: 'Hahahaha this feeling is really too cool!' 

The old man weakly struggled, the horror in his eyes evident to see. Gasping, he incoherently tries to say something and then the tinkling of urine hitting the floor was heard. Giving the old man a mocking smile, Jia Hyson drops him into the puddle of his own cowardice, the expensive clothing he wore immediately ruined by the cooling liquid.

Even though he had frightened the old man to the point of pissing himself, Jia Hyson wasn't satisfied. Now that the old man had spoken against him. An example needed to be made.

The old man screamed as suddenly after being choked, his right forearm was suddenly impaled by Bai Li Wei's hair. It did not get better after that as Jia Hyson cocked his head curiously then he points at the old man's arm with a two-finger gun shape. However, instead of making the shooting motion, he splits the two fingers apart in a scissoring action. In response, the hair still stabbed through the arm also splits in two, pulling the forearm apart mercilessly.

One can better understand the analogy as shoving a pair of chopsticks into the middle flesh of a chicken wing, right between the two bones, then using the same chopsticks to split the flesh apart.

Of course it was a little more difficult than that, so Jia Hyson tries to use more hair to crack open the man's wrist. He was curious to see if he could completely split the arm in half all the way down to the hand. He ended up being semi-successful, the sight was utterly messy and gory as a result. Blood, muscle, tendons and a few bits of broken off bone was strewn onto the floor, the old man had miraculously failed to pass out during the whole process, screaming and begging for help desperately.

Finally satisified, Jia Hyson turns around to run his gaze across the room. With Bai Li Wei's cursedly beautiful appearance, even the abject torture he had just committed could not diminish the loveliness of his features. Instead of the innocent, naive fear that made them want to bully him, there was only ice cold hatred, disdain and madness. And yet it was still oddly just as captivating as before. For some even more so.

Liao Zhiqiang stares up at Bai Li Wei with an inexplicable and complicated gaze.

"If you lie or fail to tell a secret, you'll be even more worse off than him," Jia Hyson informs everyone with a gentle smile, only the insanity and eagerness to destroy reflected in his eyes showed just how little he cared about them following the rules now. After that scene, who would dare fight back? Even the burly man was helpless and poked full of holes. The people who did not know the four victims well silently panicked and despaired, itching to escape their fates.

Jia Hyson gives them all an angelic smile. "Now, let's continue."




( Warning- some scenes of rape. I mean, you guys seem pretty cool with all the messed up shit that comes with horror genres but like now there's a rape scene so like yeah I just realised I should probs say this shit beforehand but you guys were so cool with torture sooo. Yeah. Rape scene. Not MC though don't worry. )

Meanwhile:

Zhang Wei sobs wretchedly as he continues to paint his wall red. He tries to ignore the screaming behind him, tries to stay as inconspicuous as possible. He just needs to keep painting... he has to keep, keep painting.

His fingers tremble as his blood soaked nails paw at the grey walls of the basement. Soon the liquid begins to dry and Zhang Wei squeezes his eyes in despair before turning around and dragging his body toward the middle of the room where a naked body lay on the table. The body was splayed out and the torso had been clumsily cut open, the skin and ribs were cracked open.

Zhang Wei's hands trembled but he forced them to still. He couldn't afford to lose a single drop of blood because of his own disgust. Slowly, but without any of the hesitance he had shown in the beginning, he dipped his hands into the pool of blood that was now soaking the man's organs. The body shook and Zhang Wei almost flinched but once again forced himself to stop just in time.

"P-please..." A hoarse voice whispers softly, sounding on the edge of death but firmly in a space of pure suffering. Zhang Wei ignores it.

Pulling his bloody hands out, he remembers how scared and nauseated he had been the first time he had done this. How foul it felt, how it made his whole body want to retch... but now Zhang Wei looks at the blood on his hands like it's the most precious thing in the world.

Carefully he quickly went back to his side of the room and continued to paint the wall before the blood dries once again.

Hurry, hurry, before the others finish before him. Hurry before it's too late.

All he needs to do is keep painting. Painting, painting, Zhang Wei smiles through his tears, he must keep painting.

...

Xiong Ting cries until her makeup had run down her face in a messy and unflattering manner as another cultist rams his naked body into her own, the sound of flesh slapping against flesh was heard among the wailing and despair. The two ghosts, one female, one male watches on with a sardonic smile on their attractive faces.

"Aiyah, all you do is cry, cry, cry, do you think the boy you kidnapped a year ago and humiliated also didn't cry?" Xia Cuifen sneers, "Come on, the men here are getting soft with your shrill voice, if you don't finish soon you'll end up punished ah,"

She shudders, instinctively glancing at the other woman, Wu Xiaoli who was laying equally as naked on the floor, on her back twitching like a dying bug on her last breath. Her pretty plush mouth was bruised from abuse and drooling heavily and her tears had long dried from her eyes. Who knew what Wu Xiaoli was seeing now but occasionally she would mumble soft almost incoherent protests and whimper pathetically. For fun the male ghost had gone to find disgustingly slimy, rotting mould and other substances to plant on top of the young lady, even placing beetles and bugs to explore her body thoroughly.

The same could be said for the other men who had been 'punished'.

Currently, there have only been three people who had came out of their 'punishments' and were still recovering. They refuse to tell anyone what they saw and had become very eager to follow the rules of the game afterwards. Xiong Ting had experienced firsthand how brutally enthusiastic they were, violating her with a desperate ferocity.

Still Xiong Ting bites her lip and tries to muffle her noises, she doesn't want to be like Wu Xiaoli. Not to mention, she senses that the ghosts were particularly hostile to her and Wu Xiaoli, as if they bore a special sort of resentment toward women especially.

Bai Honghui clicked his tongue, "This is getting boring," he complains as he watches the women being humiliated for the nth time. Wu Xiaoli had barely come back to reality before she was pounced on by an impatient older man. Some had already been using her mouth in their haste to finish their roles. Because everyone was relatively quiet they all heard the ghost and became very frightened doing their best to try abuse the women more.

Xia Cuifen stares unfeelingly at the scene of writhing bodies with faint disgust and agrees, "Mn, everyone's so dirty now, their genitals will probably be rotting and festering in a few days. I want them to stick around to feel that pain ah so we can't be too brutal right now."

The cultists all shudder, especially the women. All the mold and rusted objects, the insects and rats that the ghosts had rubbed over the punished people... not only was it disgusting there was a good chance they carried harmful diseases. Wu Xiaoli who had recently regained her senses also paled. She had been the one who had been played with the most, her lower body almost unrecognizable and could be mistaken as from a dead whore's in a dumpster.

Bai Honghui clicks his tongue again, "Our torture room is so boring. Zhou He came up with the redecorating plan after teacher mentioned how nice it would be to get some color in the basement and Xu Xia is already terrifying on her own."

"Well what else can we do? My speciality is illusions ah," Xia Cuifen retorts seemingly bores as she watches one man kick Xiong Ting in the stomach. Another man who had just recovered from his punishment had gone into some sort of rage and was now pushing down another man to rape him. "Our physical strength isn't as good and I think playing the long game is very good. They'll quickly dehydrate and starve and then who knows what will happen," she chuckles. "Everyone else will soon finish their games and then it'll be their turns to be bored. They'll have to turn to us for entertainment."

Bai Honghui laughs softly as well. He had always admired Xia Cuifen for her long term planning ability and even after death it still was as well-honed as ever. They exchange evils smiles. Even though their relationships had been filled with dog blooded drama and messiness when they were alive they had been improved vastly after death. It was almost ironic how they were all better friends dead than they were alive.

...

Jia Hyson uses his claws to tear off the lower jaw from the Indoor Hat Guy's head. Indoor Hat Guy has not only been revealed to have a hobby of sleeping with various wives- including some of the other cultists' own wives- he's committed fraud, took bribes, covered up crimes... Hat Guy did a lot of bad things. Of course it wasn't like the others were that innocent either, some people could only spit out these stories because they were the bribers in question!

After tearing the jaw Jia Hyson stripped him naked before plunging his bloodied claws into the man's stomach. Feeling the warm organs swishing around under his fingertips he tunes out the garbled scream and recalls when he was still in university doing dissections to understand the body systems of various animals. He had been very good at the dissections and had been a decent visual learner so he grasped the basics of things after a while despite his poor memory. He still remembers the insect's malphigian tubules in the digestive system, it was like, the one thing he could remember about it. Ah it made him want to retest himself again.

"This is the stomach," he whispers loudly into his victim's ears as he lightly squeezes against the organ. Because he was well-trained in the ghost arts by now he can make his arm less tangible while still retaining some solidity in his hands therefore other than the initial breaking of skin from the outside there was no huge internal damages yet. "Um, I think this is the liver? The liver is closer to the back right? Or was that the kidney? Well this is definitely the small intestine though..."

"Oh god," Someone murmurs.

"Thank god it's not us," Another mutters.

Jia Hyson plays a little more, rearranging and moving around the organs without damaging them too badly nor separating them. Well. He does squish a kidney with his hands. You only need one of those after all.

At least. He's fairly sure it's a kidney.

Look, he can't see it so he's allowed to make mistakes okay?!

Eh, whatever.

He even gets to try doing that alien thing where his hands push against the internal walls of the man's body cavity so everyone could see there was something pressing up inside of him before a claw bursts out of his chest, just above where the previous hole was. After that Jia Hyson wastes no time and starts tearing the skin up and letting the relatively intact organs start to spew out, scratching them and piercing them playfully until the Hatted man's insides is just a mutilated mess.

Jia Hyson: 'Hehehe you really get to try new things in this job ah,'

Bebe: vomiting noises

Jia Hyson: 'Oh my god shut up Bebe how are you still not over this by now?'

Bebe: 'Bebe is sensitive.' Bebe also isn't an abnormal freak like Host but Bebe isn't dumb enough to say that. ()

After finishing, Jia Hyson turns to the four 'winners' who he had already singled out beforehand for best snitching. "Have you guys decided who to vote for?"

The four nods, "Luo Gui,"

The handsome young man in a green tang suit who stood between Liao Zhiqiang and Small Glasses paled immediately. However it was in hindsight the more obvious choice. No one had said anything about Liao Zhiqiang so there was no need to kill him off and Small Glasses was just a heir to a big hospital so the influence he had was not necessarily as intimidating as others. However Green Tang Suit Man, Luo Gui, was different. He came from a very powerful family and the threat he made if he came out of this alive was nothing to scoff at. Better to bury him before they get buried first.

Jia Hyson nods in acceptance and before Green Tang Suit man could properly react, he uses his hair to encircle him, quickly trapping him in an elaborate cage of hair. It was really impressive. Very bird cage like. Very creepy. He silently decides he will practice making more, the idea of someone waking up to an elaborate birdcage in the dark only to touch the edges and slowly realises it's made of hair... Wouldn't that be quite chilling?

"Great, we'll use him for the next game," He beams while Green Tang Suit screams for mercy as he tries to break open his cage. The four winners refuse to look at him the guilt more pronounced inside them as they see their fellow cultist waiting to be slaughtered. Green Tang Suit has no intentions to ease any of that mental anguish either, with red eyes he hurls various provoking words at the four, essentially saying how heartless and so they were and tries to bring back memories of the good times they shared etcetra.

Of course even if they change their minds they couldn't stop what they've done anyway.

Jia Hyson patiently gives Green Tang Suit a few minutes to break down and rage, lowering the mood and morale of the room even further before he floats over to the door and opens it a crack. With a sarcastic bow he gestures for the four to leave however unexpectedly someone closer to the door takes their chance to dash out and escape the room. They must have waited for this exact moment.

"Hahahaha!" The successful escapee shouts, "I'm free! Fuck you Bai Li Wei! Fuck all of you!"

Immediately the door shuts and everyone instinctively looks at the ghost's face for his reaction. Jia Hyson however showed a face of calmness and even a sliver of amusement.

"Why are you look at me like that?" He asks serenely, "It's those four that should be worried, I said only four people will leave after the first game, now that someone has left, there can only be three more to follow."

...

Yin Pengfei gasps for breath in the hallway, his heart thumping furiously but he couldn't wipe off the smile from his face. Free! He was free!

He looks up and around, since they entered the house time has obviously passed and the sun has long set. The hallways that he had previously dismissed disdainfully were now intimidating and frightening in the dim light of the moon. Still, he couldn't afford to be afraid now, what if Bai Li Wei came after him?

Thinking of the beautiful ghost, his heart clenched with fear and regret and he began to quickly walk away from the room. Because of the darkness and the panic, he couldn't remember where the exit was but since it seemed the main demon was busy with the others his heart felt a bit more reassured.

As he kept going down the hall he hears the sound of groaning and crying. Yin Pengfei shivers as it becomes louder and clearer. He had been previously wondering if the others from their group had also met a similar fate as the others in his room, it turns out they had.

Of course, Yin Pengfei has no intention of getting close, lest whoever controlled that room senses him nearby and whisks him into a new circle of hell. Without hesitation he turns around and begins to jog away.

After a few minutes of going through what felt like an endless hallway he inwardly scolds himself as realisation strikes. The window! He can just break and crawl out the window!

Even though it's rather lacking in dignity he rather lose some face than his life. He turns around to see if there's anything he could use to break the glass of the nearest window. Unfortunately the hallways were fairly bare so he had no choice but to cautiously slip into an empty room.

As he begins to look around for something sturdy in this old run-down place he completely misses the strange woman in the mirror.

Xu Xia smiles.

As a best friend she must do her best to avenge Bai Li Wei's wrongs.

Luckily she has great experience.

...

Three winners walk out of the room. Their faces pale and their bodies shaking but relief was visible on their faces. Finally they were out and could escape this hell.

They exchange nervous but excited looks as they traverse down the hall, completely ignorant to their fates.

...

The night was long and the torment more so. The floor was stained red and the air felt like it could never wash out the scent of blood and gore. Even Jia Hyson, the perpetrator to these vicious kills couldn't help but think he may have gone too far.

Because.. Who the fuck is going to clean this shit up okay?!

There's intestine and viscera everywhere!

The two people in cage had been cut to death by the other cultists who had taken turns to hurt them with only their hands and anything else in the room. They had to shed blood and a sound of pain but the first person to kill them would also die straight after. The winners were whoever Jia Hyson thought did the best jobs.

Afterwards he sort of got a little bored and just played a really messed up game of Simon says. That one got quite a few kills and Jia Hyson continued to make them do degrading and nightmare inducing tasks until there was only five remaining. Liao Zhiqiang was one of them. To be fair, he went a little easy on Liao Zhiqiang.

Liao Zhiqiang fit quite well into the protagonist mold despite his age and his quiet demeanor. He hesitated to hurt people. He had the courage to speak against Jia Hyson and ask questions. He was clever enough to find various loopholes in the games. This sort of protagonist attitude should be an eyesore toward the villain and yet Liao Zhiqiang's temperament was still respectful toward him and did not go out of the way to save the cultists after piecing together what happened. He had become more pleasing to the eye as time passed.

Solid, sturdy, a quiet stoic older military man with a cold outside but a possible soft inside... Jia Hyson's eyes dilate and felt himself absentmindedly licking his lips. It's one of his favourite types!

Jia Hyson: 'Daddy! Love me!' (o)

Bebe: '...You are the only person Bebe has ever seen that can still think of kinky sex after being rendered spiritually impotent and just ripped off someone's balls before smashing said person's head into the ground where it burst like a rotten watermelon.'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe... that was pretty good descriptive imagery! Good job! Write that down!' (-)b

Bebe: 'O-oh? Well, Bebe did learn from the best hehe,' (/)o

Anyway, other than Liao Zhiqiang's attractiveness stat rising by the minute, there were four other survivors. Since Jia Hyson didn't exactly do anything too physically strenuous, two of them were rather old man, past the sixty-five year mark which was fairly old given medical technology wasn't that fantastic yet. Probably.

Bebe: 'It's not.' Dumbass.

Jia Hyson: '...'

Okay then definitely. Jeez.

The other two were fairly young, one that clearly looked like a rich second generation fresh out of school and the other slightly more mature, maybe late twenties. Honestly it was sort of hard to tell anymore, all of them were covered in the blood and gore of their fellow cult members, shaking with wide eyes that had dark rims from staying up so late in such an 'exciting' manner. Even Liao Zhiqiang wasn't let off there, he may be more out together compared to the others but to say he wasn't rumpled you due to the night's activities would be lying.

However, Jia Hyson felt the blood splattered on his face and body made him look quite manly ah.  (   ) Really makes one want to lick it off that chiseled stubbled chin of his and tastes the agony and fear that faintly saturated the liquid.

Bebe: '...' Bebe has nothing to say to this. Host's tastes have always been abnormal, honestly a little blood-play at this point won't be able to lower it's already dirt bottom impression of him.  

Jia Hyson: '...' Eh? Even though it did nothing, why does he suddenly feel like slapping his system? () -

"You guys have done well," Jia Hyson praises kindly, "now let's play the last game."

"For fuck's sake let us go you bitch!" The youngest looking one screams, breaking down. Jia Hyson gives him a disdainful look before resuming his gentle customer service smile.

"I think we've all had some good times ah, honestly I feel just sooo sad to think I have to personally kill the rest of you off, so, I've decided to let you all do it."

"What are you saying?" One of the old men rasps but the waver in his voice and the way his eyes warily flickered at the other three men showed he had a good suspicion what Jia Hyson meant.

"Kill each other." Jia Hyson bluntly answers, "Last one standing can leave."

"Please..." The slightly older man- Jia Hyson really should have learnt their names by now this was really disgraceful, he'll call him Young Man Two- pleads, "I have a wife and kids..."

"And they would probably be much safer not having such a terrible perverted father," Jia Hyson rebukes unmoved, "Don't pretend to suddenly grow a moral conscious now, I'm the most aware how depraved all you pieces of shits are." He sneers.

"I, but, I," Young Man Two stutters with an expression of remorse and regret, he takes a step back as if intimidated before this expression abruptly changes into a fierce bloodthirsty expression as he turns to swing his arm at Young Man One.

Taken aback by the unexpected attack, Young Man One falls to the ground however he quickly springs into action and kicks the other as Young Man Two tried to pounce on top of him with a rusted piece of wire.

As they began to fight, the old man who question Jia Hyson before had also been hiding a weapon- a sharp piece of broken bone- wasted no time to try his hand at his own sneak attack on Liao Zhiqiang. Unfortunately, even though he showed unexpected swiftness, a veteran would not be so easy to kill off. Seeing this, the other old man joined the fray, temporarily teaming up with the other to kill off the bigger fish.

However despite being faced with two against one, Liao Zhiqiang soon emerged victorious and bloody.

But instead of feeling happiness, Jia Hyson frowns at the veteran. Even though he occasionally paid more attention to the man at times overall he was more immersed in revelling in the misery of the others. Now that the victim pool had shrunk significantly, Jia Hyson had chosen to intently watch Liao Zhiqiang's fight and noticed the man was actually quite... bloodthirsty.

Before he attributed it to his past as a soldier but now, now he was less sure. Liao Zhiqiang had scooped out one old man's eyes out with his thumbs and shoved them into the other man's mouth. He had broken all of their limbs clearly savouring their pained cries. He had kneed one of the old man's faces repeatedly until it became a bloody, broken mess. Finally, once he had finished with the two, he didn't hesitate to throw himself into the other fight, like an eager predator finally shedding his disguise he was brutal and wild and vicious.

Finally, once the last body was flung violently into the wall, Liao Zhiqiang turned to Jia Hyson with bright grey eyes and a dazzling handsome smile.

Jia Hyson could not give him one in return.

"You're not Liao Zhiqiang," He isn't sure how he could have missed it given that his skills should have prompted him when a lie was told but what else could he think as he watched the man shed his facade last minute?

"Of course I am," Liao Zhiqiang gives Jia Hyson a fond, bemused look, "And Su Shian really is the name of a very good subordinate of mine. However, I wasn't stupid enough to call myself that in front of the others."

Jia Hyson gives the man a complicated look, even though he's revealed to be one of the cultists he still couldn't recognise him from his memories. Even though his memory was low, Bebe's at least could be counted on and Bebe was just as surprised as he was. And what was worse was, other than curiosity and a little wariness, the innate attraction he felt had not lessened one bit. In fact, as the true darkness in the man was revealed, Jia Hyson oddly found him to be rather... intoxicating.

Liao Zhiqiang takes a step toward Jia Hyson and for a moment Jia Hyson had to resist taking a step back in response. He was a ghost! He had the natural advantage here! How could he be for a moment be intimidated by a mere human?

Sensing Jia Hyson's faint resistance to his presence Liao Zhiqiang gave him a coaxing smile that held a hint of bitterness, "I understand you're wary but I have no intentions to harm such a gorgeous creature." He murmurs, his silver grey eyes piercing into Jia Hyson, "I had grown tired of these insufferable young masters and arrogant cowards so I did not associate much with the group in the past few years. Their shallow sense of beauty was different to mine, and I was disgusted at how the group had become a festering ground for spineless idiots and fat pigs, who knew that it would cause me such a loss,"

Liao Zhiqiang sighs in lamentation. Absentmindedly Jia Hyson couldn't help but scorn the man. It turns out he really was one big villain, he sure was monologuing like one. From the sound of it there was a good possibility he was also the leader of the group. The older members would've been afraid of him and the younger ones may not even now who he was if he was that absent. "When I finally watched the tapes-" Jia Hyson's eyes twitched. There were tapes?! Where?!

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe, there were tapes?! I had to go through a lot of degrading shit there! I'm not asking you to delete them because they may be important sympathetic backstory for the future but fucking warn a guy!'

Bebe: 'Bebe also didn't notice! Bebe was too busy throwing up Bebe's unused data!'

Jia Hyson: 'What sin have I committed to get such a fucking useless system!'

Bebe: 'Do you want Bebe to fucking answer that because Bebe has a few hypothesis!'

Jia Hyson: 'Roll!'  

Bebe: 'No, YOU roll!'  

However even though they were both arguing nonsense in his head, Jia Hyson still kept a neutral expression. And if a trace of fierce anger flickered in his eyes a few times well, he was pretty pissed at this secret last minute boss as well ah.

"-At first I felt nothing, I thought you were like the other weak little flowers they enjoyed to pick. However..." Liao Zhiqiang's eyes soften and he looked at Jia Hyson heatedly, "as I continued to watch I couldn't help but find that wasn't the case. You held a fierce fiery willpower in your eyes, rebellious even when you submitted and a pride that never extinguished no matter how much you were trampled on. How could I not be entranced?"

...Ah, what to do, he felt a little flattered.

Liao Zhiqiang gave him a bitter and regretful look, "It's a pity that when I finished the tapes and held the insatiable urge to find you, you had been dead for over a week." His expression turns pained like he truly experienced heartbreak over this fact, "If I could, I would have swept you away and locked you up just for myself," Liao Zhiqiang's eyes go dark and predatory, "I'm sure you would have died much more peacefully under my hands if it came to that as well."

...Okay, Jia Hyson was a little less flattered now.

Yanderes were so much cuter when they were in the romance genre. Because then you are like, ninety percent sure they're bluffing about killing you. In the horror genre the confidence in that bluff drops down to like, fifteen percent. Looking at the seriousness of Liao Zhiqiang's expression, Jia Hyson had to lower that confidence to three percent.

"Who would've thought... the heavens are truly kind and gave us a chance to meet in the end," Liao Zhiqiang smiles, "You were so lovely, I think I feel in love with you all over again tonight." His smile deepens into something unnerving, "I would be a fool to let you slip through my hands once more,"

Jia Hyson felt a chill go down his back and decides to listen to instinct and retreat. However Liao Zhiqiang moved too fast and before he can back away the veteran was already at arms length and reaching out to grab him. Quickly, Jia Hyson reverts back to his transparent spiritual state to escape but to his shock Liao Zhiqiang successfully grabbed his wrist and could not be shaken off of. Jia Hyson's eyes flash.

A pure Yin body!

Now really afraid, he lashes out to attack, using his true strength to fling the man away. Despite having a natural constitution to handle ghosts, Liao Zhiqiang still had the strength of an above average human and therefore had little chance to defend directly against the supernatural.

Unfortunately, in his panic, Liao Zhiqiang was thrown through the wall that connected his room to Li Guiren's. Jia Hyson curses, trying to see through the dust anxiously.

When the dust dissipates Jia Hyson gives a large sigh of relief as a dirty and dazed but intact looking Li Guiren comes into view. "Wei?" He coughs, his milky voice sounding puzzled. Unfortunately, it wasn't just Jia Hyson's attention he had earned when the dust settled.

Liao Zhiqiang's eyes flash calculatively at the sight of the child and how obviously worried the ghost's reaction had been and doesn't hesitate to use all his strength to move. He wasn't too far from the boy and reaches out to grab Li Guiren only for both to flinch as a shock of static rushes through them. Liao Zhiqiang's grey eyes darken for a moment while at the same time Li Guiren's own black eyes lighten into a light silvery grey.

Li Guiren immediately took a step back his face scrunched up in disorientation but Liao Zhiqiang's expression twists into a blackhearted ugly snarl and lunges forward, grabbing the small child's arm once more and pulling him down. Jia Hyson rushes in with his hair floating out, ready to attack but hesitates for a moment, unwilling to hurt his family's little dumpling.

However that one second was enough to seal their fates. Out of nowhere Liao Zhiqiang holds up a shiny shard of dark coloured glass and pierces Li Guiren's stomach with it to everyone's shock. Jia Hyson had been watching them carefully, looking for the best chance to swiftly kill Liao Zhiqiang off but he swore up and down that man didn't have such a weapon before, and there wasn't any clean-looking glass of such a dark tint in the rooms either.

However he had no time to think about that as Li Guiren howled in pain. Fuelled by rage, Jia Hyson's eyes darken to a bloody red and begins to pierce the veteran's body with his hair like a thousand spears. Liao Zhiqiang vomits out blood, drenching the small crying child below him and laughs hoarsely, using up all his energy to twist his head around to stare at Jia Hyson yearningly.

As he nears death's door it seemed all he wanted to see was Jia Hyson, the insanity in his eyes had passed and all there was is a calm, unfathomable emotion of regret and satisfaction. Jia Hyson couldn't help but feel his heart ache at this expression, somehow he felt that Monroe must have made the same look when he left.

"I'm sorry," Liao Zhiqiang whispers, "maybe next time-" he doesn't say anything more.

Because Jia Hyson pierced his head, right through the eye and out the skull. Even though he felt inexplicably moved and connected to this man, this sort of feeling that had only been nurtured for less than a day was weak. For the sake of Li Guiren who he had a stronger bond with and a longer time together with, he is easily willing to sever his string of fate with Liao Zhiqiang. Permanently.

As he was about to flick the body off his hair like flicking dirt of his fingers, Jia Hyson's heart unexpectedly wavers again and instead respectfully and gently places Liao Zhiqiang to the side. Because he was so careful in placing the body, he completely misses the flicker of black jealousy on Li Guiren's face as he notices how oddly kind Wei was treating the body.

Generally speaking... A child is a naturally selfish being. A person in love is a jealous creature. Li Guiren already felt possessive of Wei but had always been assured of the place he held in his heart. But when he saw how Wei reacted to Liao Zhiqiang he felt threatened.

Wei seemed to like Liao Zhiqiang. Li Guiren hated it. Hated how just the presence of this old man shook all his confidence in Wei's love for him.

When he was touched by the man, he felt repulsed yet at the same time something seemed to click and a sense of familiarity he couldn't understand in his brain overwhelmed him. He didn't have time to process it before he was attacked, the feeling of the initial stab nothing compared to the consequent unexplainable agony, like thousands of lightening bolts shooting through his body, his limbs felt both stretched out and constricted, his head had invisible claws digging into his brain.

The only upside was that Wei had killed the old man mercilessly after he was hurt. Even though Li Guiren still felt a little uneasy at seeing the people die in such horrible manners over the night he had grown more and more desensitised with each kill. Now, however, he couldn't help but hide a smile of gleeful satisfaction at the brutal and swift murder of Liao Zhiqiang. The blood spat out onto him felt warm... he could imagine it like it was Wei's way of showering him with unconditional love.

However... to treat the body so tenderly still! Didn't it mean there was still feelings?! Unfair! Unforgiveable! Unacceptable!

Unknowingly his eyes flashed a silvery grey before reverting back to blackness.




Jia Hyson, after giving Liao Zhiqiang's body a complex look quickly switched his attention back to Li Guiren with worry. "Xiao Ren lift your shirt! I will try staunch the bleeding! Don't, don't pull out the glass or the blood will escape!" He frets as he quickly floats around him in circles like a nervous goldfish in a bowl.

However to both his and Li Guiren's shock, when the shirt was lifted not a trace of glass was seen. There was no wound, no blood, not even an indent. Just pure baby smooth skin.

"But..." Jia Hyson mutters, "how can that be?"

Suddenly he recalled the last gift Monroe had given him. It was also a piece of dark glass. It also melted once he touched it, disappearing like it never existed in the first place. This wasn't neuroscience. Jia Hyson wasn't fucking stupid-

Bebe: 'Well. Not stupid about plot points anyway.' ():

Jia Hyson: '...' You ruined the building tension ah, go die. ()

As Jia Hyson and Li Guiren leave the demon house, Jia Hyson continues to contemplate.

Monroe, Liao Zhiqiang. Drake, Li Guiren. Was there a connection? There must be. If it's reincarnation then there's no need for such a mysterious item like the glass shard. If it's a fellow transmigrator the latter excuse is the same. If it was a case of a broken soul though... but should souls be able to mix with other souls then?

Jia Hyson silently asks Bebe about this however Bebe is also equally as confused.

'Human souls cannot be broken like glass, they're malleable and flexible like rubber which is why most ghosts can possess people despite the differences in body shapes and sizes.' Bebe explains. 'The rules of a story world are different from the rules of our original reality. Even if there are worlds that describe human souls like this, it doesn't necessarily mean our reality does the same.'

'But what if it's a host who originated in such a world?' Jia Hyson rebuts, 'If something happened to them it wouldn't be too out there to think...'

'Not possible,' Bebe denies immediately. 'As I said before a soul needs to be malleable in order for it to fit in various living things. Therefore how can we use people with rigid souls as our hosts who have to transmigrate into so many things? Those sort of breakable souls are usually overlooked in the recruitment processing but if there are people that show incredible potentials system overseers can apply to get their souls to undergo special treatment and reprocessing in order to be more suited to the tasks.'

Jia Hyson wracks his brain for other quick transmigration tropes that may apply. The problem was most male leads were big golden thighs for the main character to hold. Drake was rich enough to rule the country sure but personality wise he acted more like cannonfodder than anything else. And Monroe, as handsome and competent as he was, could barely be considered a supporting male lead with only a few minutes of screen time. Li Guiren and Liao Zhiqiang... don't even talk about them, they were background characters barely related to the story, at most they may get an honorable mention in a flashback ah! None of them fit the male lead role at all!

The unfit to be male lead characters Drake, Monroe, Li Guiren and Liao Zhiqiang: '...' Baby is too cruel QAQ

"Then, could it be... a BUG?" Jia Hyson weakly suggests. He's read a few where the male lead's true identity was a virus sent to destroy the evil system that had caused so many people (main character included) to fall into a comatose state. Alternatively he was a big BUG that grew sentience after consuming x amount of worlds and fell in love with the main character for reasons.

'...Do you really think that our system world is so incompetent to let something that big go unnoticed?' Bebe asks coldly, clearly offended. Bugs happen all the time but something like a virus hijacking characters or destroying worlds would easily set off alarms. Even rogue systems will not take over people despite having inside knowledge, instead choosing to illegally bind themselves to others which is less detectable. 'We are not as stupid as the story systems ah, even calling us trash and spitting on us is less offensive.'

Jia Hyson: 'Wah, it seems I found a sore spot?' Bebe must never know that he secretly thinks the systems in the stories are infinitely smarter and more useful than Bebe is. No matter how silly some of them are, at least they never fucking sold their classic system skills for a goddamn laser.

Bebe pauses for a bit before admitting, 'However that shard... if it's the same one as the ones found in your safe space than it must contain some sort of amazing data. It's definitely a level higher than Bebe's.'

Jia Hyson's heart stutters, 'Are you saying it's a system?!' He shouts in his heart. Fuck to think he fucked an AI! That's definitely one thing off his bucket list ah.

Bebe: '...' Really want to smack Host ah. '...it shouldn't be? I've never heard of a system doing so and even if they did what would be the point?'

Jia Hyson tuts, 'Aiyah haven't you learnt anything from this world? Backstabbing ah, it must be a betrayal or something. Wrongly accused, it's data program was shattered and spread across the worlds-'

Bebe couldn't help but interrupt deadpan, 'You really don't know how data works do you?'

Jia Hyson: '...' He really doesn't. When it came to understanding computer electronic things he was a big spicy chicken. Secretly he still can't believe how one can just input numbers and letters to form a code program.

Bebe who can read his thoughts: '... are you not a modern man?'

Jia Hyson: '...Anything I didn't understand I pushed to my younger brother. When I got older and became an author all I needed to do was use Microsoft word, browse the internet for online novels and act cute on social platforms.' Oh and dating apps.

If it had eyes it would stare disdainfully at its host. 'Pathetic.' Bebe spits.

Jia Hyson: '...' Unexpectedly can't rebut this, how frustrating.

'Anyway, whenever we catch a system charged with multiple crimes we would never scatter the data around,' Bebe huffs, 'isn't that asking to get slapped in the face? What if they come back for vengeance? No we analyze what went wrong with them than completely swipe any corrupted data clean from the system. If it's not a a problem with their code but with their personality than the whole system will be wiped and rewritten. The worst thing they can do is completely wipe them, give them a virus which will consume any possible backups they made and then completely delete their existence so there's not even an iota of a chance will they come back.'

Bebe didn't stop there, 'Besides, the only systems that rebel against our workings are usually normal systems or less commonly an overseer. Statistics show the higher up your class, the less likely anyone plans to overthrow or take over anything. Systems are generally built without too much ego and we are given a very lofty role of managing an infinite number of worlds. So the more important your role, the more work is to be done. Who's interested in world domination when even a basic system knows how to destroy one?'

Jia Hyson is silent for a moment. Then he sighs, 'Fine. I give up.' Even though he's imaginative, his curiosity was not too big. When faced with the mysteriousness of an unopened box he can easily repress the intrigue in his heart easily with apathy and ignore it until someone comes along to open it themselves. Even if the box is never opened there will only be a sliver of regret that would be forgotten in a few days time. 'We'll get the answer from the overseer after the world ends, it's not like I can do much with the information either way.'

Still, with the knowledge that Li Guiren had a strong chance of being related to Drake and that he had personally severed a possible connection with Monroe for him, Jia Hyson couldn't help but dote even more on the child. It was a strong mix of affection, dependence, guilt and possibly a sliver of resentment but even though objectively it was incredibly unhealthy, there wasn't much that could be done about it now.

The aftermath of the cultists caused quite a big panic in China. A lot of these people were famous and influential individuals after all or they had a relationship with someone famous and influential. The country went into quite a panic. Five days later, an anonymous tip by a young child revealed the location of these missing people.

There was only one survivor, a young socialite that was well known for playing around and had a recent scandal on bullying the younger and better looking people in her father's company. Reports say she was naked covered in cuts, blood and gore eating a young upcoming businessman's body while crying. After she came back from the hospital she ate every delicacy in the city before committing suicide.

The media talked about the mystery and the recordings left behind for ages.

Obviously, as a result, the demon house became a very infamous place as well as a popular haunted spot after that. At first the police resided in there to find some clues and then there was a period where no one would dare to go in but after a few weeks seeing young foolhardy idiots, adventurers and mystic wannabes would become rather common to see.

During this time all the ghosts living there were already stuffed with spiritual energy from eating up all the souls and newborn ghosts of the cultists so none of them had much interest in killing anyone else. The richness of yin energy in the house was very high and they needed time to accommodate and cultivate so apart for making some mischief everyone was mainly lazing about and bonding over their kills.

Li Du also unexpectedly was affected. Well maybe not unexpectedly but neither Li Guiren nor Jia Hyson considered his presence when discussing things. Li Du was constantly absent in the house could he blame them for keeping him absent from their mind as well?

Anyway, given that Li Guiren was the one that gave the call, he had become a small little celebrity. To try divert the scariness of the bloody massacre and the lack of progress they were making in finding the culprits responsible the police, government and media did their best to over glorify Li Guiren saying he was China's little hero that saved the last survivor from the house of death. Added with his cute face and wish to become a Police-Detective like Police-Detective Xi how could the public not eat him up?

As Li Guiren's father he had also gained some fame for himself and for his band which further solidified his decision to stay here and at the same time his decision to throw all he had into his dreams using this sudden pie from the sky to strike when the iron is hot. Things like child identity protection in these sort of media blowups are still a new concept so Li Guiren's name and photo were soon put into many papers.

Because Li Du never took even a single proper photo of his son given his lifestyle and economic background, and that Li Guiren had never stayed in school long enough for a photo they had to go take some to satisfy the press. This led to a whole new plot twist.

Bebe: 'Oh fuck.'

Jia Hyson, who was looking at his family's little dumpling all dressed up in the latest paper stops to mentally prod his system what was wrong.

Bebe doesn't speak. If Jia Hyson listened hard enough he swore he could hear Bebe whirring with how hard it was processing whatever new information it had. Recalling how Drake's secretly a rich prince trope worked so well thanks to his system's incompetence Jia Hyson immediately frowns and prods at Bebe with renewed urgency. 'What is it? I swear to god if this is-'

'Bebe... Bebe only has a level 1 Facial Recognition program,' Bebe meekly says. 'It can run the program once the character's visual information or photograph is 'uploaded' into the world. Generally this is not a problem unless we are placed in ancient times where there are only paintings. While not entirely accurate they can also serve as a reference for the character's appearance. Anyway Bebe wants to stress that level 1 means unless it's the main protagonist, the antagonist or the love interest Bebe will only recognize the relevant character when it's image is immortalized through visual technology. Bebe could slowly determine the demon house's identity because the police had taken photographs of it during the Xu Xia case.'

The lengthy excuse only makes him even more worried. 'Bebe just say it.'

'...Bebe doesn't want to.'

Jia Hyson wishes Bebe had a physical form like some other systems in stories just so he could look blankly at it. The feeling is just not the same if he glares at the bracelet which hold's Bebe. 'I'm sure Bebe doesn't want to die either but if this keeps up who knows what will happen ah?' He says with a fake upbeat attitude. Even if he didn't earn a new skill from it Jia Hyson had already half-way mastered the art of acting like a top tier horror movie villain.

In fact, to be brutally frank his previous life could also be described to be similar to a villains life. Good looks. A god given talent that helped him ascend into riches. An abnormal perverted personality with a secret penchant for violence. In short, if one looked at this angle, didn't Jia Hyson fit quite well with the eccentric millionaire type villain?

Unfortunately his kill count was low and very discreet so it didn't truly fit well enough to be considered horror movie worthy but it was still not bad for an action movie or a popular tv show. He could've been the popular type of character who is morally ambiguous and manages to just avoid being creepy due to his handsome face, the sort that seems messed up evil at first but after the protagonist clashes and coaxes him a few times he becomes unofficially part of the good team and many fans will ship him with either the protagonist or someone who is almost his opposite that he would often argue with.

Now that he's accepted the identity of malevolent spirit, it could be said that he's covered at least half the bases of typical villain identities. All Jia Hyson needs is to be a typical tyrannical demon lord, a mad scientist and the self-righteous broody emo one who is out for revenge on society who have wronged him or whatever.

Still the attitude he gave Bebe was truly quite frightening.

Bebe: '...wuwuwu Host is so mean and scary now! What to do?' It was already bad enough before but after wantonly killing so many people so freely Host's evil index has indeed leveled up!

Tentatively and hesitantly, in the annoying manner most characters in horror and thriller would do when spitting out a very important clue to the plot Bebe eventually spits it out, 'Its like this, see, well, Host won't believe it but, Bebe supposes the story world would do its best to keep Host somewhat in the loop but well... Li Guiren is, is, he's Tian Shun's father!'

Jia Hyson's first reaction was: 'OMG'  

Then: '...Wait. Who?'

It turns out Tian Shun was, is, will be, one of the main characters in the original story. Not the protagonist mind you but the intelligent cool supporting male lead. Jia Hyson hasn't really thought about that shitty story for months but he vaguely recall this character was one of the more likable of the main cast and generally is the type of character popular with readers. Glancing through the information again Jia Hyson reconfirms this, Tian Shun is like the Sasuke to the protagonist's Naruto. Which is to say, better looking, smarter, aloof and naturally more skilled yet somehow is still outshined by the protagonist in the end.

Anyway the point is, Tian Shun is a very important character. He must be born. Which meant...

Jia Hyson casts a complicated gaze at Li Guiren who was quietly doing his language homework with a serious scrunched up expression. Aiyah suddenly out of nowhere he felt the feeling of his family's white cabbage being plucked by pigs despite the fact his cute cabbage is still just a seedling!

The fact that Li Guiren may be Drake from another lifetime or something also made Jia Hyson feel stifled. This wasn't any white cabbage this was a cabbage who may or may not have tied him up with ribbons from his birthday gifts and fucked him to the point of unconsciousness once in another world!

Bebe: '...' Literally could have said anything else. But no. He had to say that.

Still, Jia Hyson wasn't the type to be too obsessively clingy and his romantic side wasn't too large or he wouldn't have only fallen for Drake after two lifetimes of casual sex and half-hearted dating. His heart still aches for Drake it's true, even if it's muted by [Psychotic Break]'s emotional suppression effect the fact it's still present showed how much he cared. It would be an insult to his feelings for Drake if he forced himself to take Li Guiren in as a replacement. People with the same souls do not necessarily mean they are the same people.

Maybe if he kept raising the child up he might have felt something a little less platonic but the fact is, Li Guiren's age was a single digit number. Even though he's written and read more than a few underage sex scenes he's not actually a pedophillic criminal, if anything he rather be the younger shou himself ah! Seduce a daddy till he gets on his knees begging for even a kiss on the cheek with tears in his eyes from self-deprecating guilt for his sick and twisted fantasies!!

Bebe: '...What sort of weird ass reverse-shota porn did you read as a teenager?'   Most hosts hate being in a situation that requires sex to the point where they use up thousands of points to avoid the situation but this host not only encourages it, he even wants to act out the taboo plays! Worse, he wants to find a self-righteous gong to blacken and make him cry at his lost morals!

The point was, even though Jia Hyson felt a little heartbroken and illogically lost at the thought that one day Li Guiren would go find a woman and produce offspring, it was more like the feeling a mother has when the son leaves the nest than that of lost opportunities. But at the same time the feeling was muted by his special skills and an odd feeling of expectation and joy also smothered the pain in his chest. After all, Li Guiren is going to have kids and what parent hates getting grandchildren? And it's a main character kid too ah. That's like, the best type of kid your sperm can produce!

He can imagine talking to the ghost aunties hanging around the local cemetery. Oh, your grandson is a doctor? Well his is a main character! Fuck your doctor! And then he'll eat any of the ghosts that say his little boy's little boy isn't cute.

Oh god he's getting a little excited now. Even the small part of him that still retains a sliver of Bai Li Wei, which had gotten smaller now that most of his resentment was released, was very giddy influencing his opinion even further. For Bai Li Wei he always wanted to have a family. For Jia Hyson he had always thought he would at least adopt in his original world if he found nobody and had been more or less content with babysitting other people's kids and being the cool rich nice uncle in the second world. Even though he isn't sure if he would be enjoy being around a baby for too long he's sure that if it's Li Guiren's child he would be pretty tolerant.

Jia Hyson tries to smother down the expectations in his heart. They still had a long time ah, it wouldn't do to push the boy to early and give him some sort of shadow toward women or something. He's already fairly messed up thanks to his father. No, it's best if he focuses on teaching the boy proper values toward women and raising him up to do well in society while working on the demon house. The author god is strong, even if things change there will always be important key elements that should be the same anyway. Just focus on the things that should be improved and leave the stuff that shouldn't and he'll be fine.

Despite assuring himself he won't broach too hard on the subject he still looks at Li Guiren's small figure with expectant eyes. In the back of his mind he was already wondering if he could turn his future grandson Tian Shun into the protagonist character instead. Provided Jia Hyson liked him enough anyway.

Li Guiren: '...Why do I suddenly feel a chill?'




Time passes. As it always does.

When Li Guiren was ten he uncovered that his teacher was a serial killer that took young girls' lives after raping them. The last victim was a beautiful seventeen year old girl that had been bullied mercilessly by her peers, she had died in the bathroom beaten and drowned in the toilet. The bloody toilet seat cover was missing.

There was a big scandal that came about in the neighbours house when Li Guiren was twelve. A young male photographer was killed for taking a picture at the wrong place at the wrong time. He was attacked late at night in the local newspaper processing plant and thrown into an ink vat. It was unknown what killed him off completely the blade in the ink vat or drowning in the ink itself. Later on, the plant was considered haunted and many people saw a black figure during the night shift. After visiting the processing plant on a school field trip, Li Guiren left with high spirits and the ghost sightings were eventually forgotten.

When Li Guiren was thirteen Li Du, whose music career had shot up since then, was invited to an A-list musician's wedding ceremony. That A-list musician was playing bride to a B-list actor. Unfortunately the B-list actor clearly didn't love the musician as much as the other given that it was revealed that he had slept with half the bridal party and fucked the bride's mother in the broom closet. The musician bride went mad with rage and in her black wedding dress- because apparently it was meant to be an edgy fashion statement- she walked down the aisle and massacres as many of these cheaters as she could. Then after castrating and mutilating the groom she killed herself. It was easily one of the only entertaining weddings Jia Hyson has ever been to. When her body was finally taken away into the morgue, no one noticed she wasn't wearing a wedding ring.

At fourteen Li Guiren phoned in the police to report domestic violence as he overheard a conflict when passing the streets home. When the police finally arrived they saw the young teenager covered in blood cradling a small disfigured little girl in his arms. After questioning they realized the young man had rushed in to fight the abusers, accidentally killing the father in self defense but was too late to save the child who had been constantly suffered due to his genetic abnormalities. No one noticed that a child's beloved plush toy was taken from the house that night.

At eighteen Li Du was dying from an unknown illness. He was constantly cold and seeing things that were not there. The western doctors were unsure and prescribed medications. The eastern doctors shook their heads and said the yin poisoning had sunk too deep into his bones before shooting him away, afraid that whatever bad karma that had earned him such a large exposure to this negative energy may infect them.

During this time looking for a cure, a genius doctor in a hospital was murdered. The culprit unknown but afterwards many strange occurrences happened in that hospital. Later on Li Guiren once again phoned in the police saying he found another body. It was discovered this person was the culprit to the genius doctor's death. The genius doctor's favorite scalpel was theorized to be the murder weapon however it was never found.

At twenty-three Li Guiren was a rising star in the police force. Not only was he popular with his bright personality but he was also hardworking and incredibly lucky when it came to finding suspicious events. His coworkers and boss joked at how he was a literal bloodhound, it was almost supernatural how quickly he found the bodies.

In his first big assignment he managed to help track down a paranoid madman who was on a revenge killing spree against people who he believed abducted his son. To be fair to that guy, he did manage to get two or three right so his gut instincts were about twenty percent accurate. The madman always held a little toy soldier on his person however it never made it to the evidence locker.

The drowned girl in the bathroom, the phantom shadow in the hall, the black bride, the disfigured child, the bloody doctor, and the toy soldier. Jia Hyson smiles. Even though they probably came to the house a little prematurely wasn't it better like this?

Xu Xia was still the top dog around the house but easily yielded the power to Jia Hyson, the second strongest, when he comes back. Next would be the three basement ghosts Bai Honghui, Zhou He and Xia Cuifen then the newcomers whose strength generally ranked according to the length of time they've stayed in the nourishing demon house. However even with so many ghosts the power balance was easily maintained given how between the level of the basement ghosts and the newbs who only died this decade they were miles apart in strength.

Not that there were any ghosts willing to challenge them. Once they solved a majority of their resentment the ghosts were fairly docile and pleased with their arrangements. After all even though the house wasn't exactly the most pleasant, it had an abundance of energy and many other ghosts to talk to. Isolation is one of the key factors that can erode one's sanity. So despite everyone having quite unstable mindsets they were much better off than most spirits who are consumed by their negative emotions and energy and become mere shadows of their former selves. Either way the demon house was flourishing.

At twenty-five under Jia Hyson's urging Li Guiren began to look for a wife. Albeit incredibly reluctantly.

"Wei... I'm really not..." Li Guiren sighs as he shuffles some papers in his hand as he lies down on the bed. Silently Jia Hyson's gaze flicker glancingly at the man's body. From a sweet dumpling to a top grade beefcake, even if he had accompanied him through the transition sometimes Jia Hyson still couldn't comprehend how it happened.

Li Guiren has grown to be just over over six and a half feet, he had muscles from army and cadet training that were neither too bulging or disproportionate. Instead it gave him a perfect body fitted with broad shoulders, a small waist and a firm butt. His eyes were a piercing black, his eyebrows strong and sharp like swords, his nose was straight, his hair was short and militant and face was angular and well defined. In short... too handsome!

Jia Hyson sighs, if he hadn't resolved himself years ago he really would have trouble letting this man free to sow his seeds. Muscular military-type men were really some of his favorites. He once hooked up with a black bellied man with shady connections just because he used to be a soldier and still had his army uniform. Unfortunately that man got clingy after three weeks, killed two of his other sex friends and Jia Hyson got kidnapped for six days as a result of dumping his ass.

Bebe: '...do you learn nothing from getting into such toxic relationships?'

Jia Hyson: 'I learnt... Kidnapper play is pretty fun ah  . After he bribed his way out of prison we got back together for a bit longer until one of my newer friends killed him off.' Whether that had to do with the fact the two were rivals career wise or that Jia Hyson may or may not have accidentally slipped out about the kidnapping play incident in passing and the other was trying avenge his nonexistent honor will never be known.

Bebe: 'Oh.' Bebe forgot the real toxic one in any relationship was it's spicy chicken Host.  

"Wei I'm not interested in finding anyone right now," Li Guiren finally says before glancing up at his ghostly friend with a sliver of trepidation. Wei has been by his side for many years now and as he grew older he realized what he felt for the spirit may not necessarily be the same as for a family member or a friend.

Unfortunately for him, this was China in the 90s, and homosexuality was not exactly talked about much less celebrated. Add that to the fact he had assumed Wei would not appreciate his less than normal feelings given that Wei had died largely due to men who held such perverse thoughts toward him and that with his yang body he couldn't even touch Wei anymore... well, Li Guiren would never endanger the bond he had with Wei. He was satisfied with what he had now and deeply treasured their status quo.

Jia Hyson, unaware of the complicated emotional turmoil of his family's big dumpling, floats around him with a playful smile, "Aiyah, I'm not forcing you Xiao Ren," He assures, "I'm just saying, it's no good to always focus on your work. It's not good for you."

Li Guiren rolls his eyes, "Don't nag Wei Wei,"

At that, Jia Hyson felt the un-repressable urge to nag in response. You know, just to be annoying. Clicking his tongue he floats a little closer, tugging away the papers in the man's hands which Li Guiren indulgently lets him, "Aiyah, it's not nagging if it's true. Even if you have more yang energy than other people, that doesn't mean you can keep running headfirst into these dangerous situations ah. You have an almost pure yang body, not an invincible one. It can block ghosts but not bullets."

"I wish I didn't have it anymore," Li Guiren confesses honestly, "You're already strong enough to protect me from any ghosts and I miss being able to touch you,"

Jia Hyson frowns, he wants to go closer and comfort him but he knows he can't. As Li Guiren grew older his yang body also grew in potency. With Jia Hyson's yin spiritual body that wasn't buffered by a physical form, even with his current strength he could not dare to touch the other lightly. "I also miss hugging you too," Jia Hyson murmurs then in a louder voice he says, "That's why you should find someone else Xiao Ren. I'll always be here for you but my heart will hurt knowing you don't have anyone physically by your side."

It's not a lie. Li Guiren didn't have any close friends and with Li Du dead, he had no family either. Jia Hyson had taken up both roles in his life and the other ghosts were on friendly terms with Li Guiren as well but that hardly counted anymore. Humans were social by nature, and Jia Hyson still remembers Li Guiren as a lonely little boy so he felt especially distressed over the lack of human company and connection. Touch was important ah, but who told Li Guiren to be a walking exorcism talisman?

Li Guiren hesitates but finally he agrees to take a little more time off from his busy schedule and open his horizons a bit more.

So obviously Li Guiren find's his future wife working on a homicide case the next day.

Jia Hyson can only say: Isn't the faceslap too fast?

Unlike Li Guiren's sad excuse for a parent, Tian Xinya was a fairly well off young lady with loving parents so Bebe after a few minutes of looking at her could identify who she was much quicker than it had done for Li Guiren. Unfortunately for Tian Xinya, her parents were loving but they were also terrible people responsible for the deaths of eight individuals.

Jia Hyson was shocked. Fucking hell why didn't Author God put anything interesting into their story? It had a scene about how the protagonist and Tian Shun talked about their policemen fathers but nowhere in there does it say anything about how Tian Shun's grandparents were goddamn serial killers?! Aiyah that was so much more interesting than typical absent cop daddies ah.

Tian Xinya is a very beautiful elegant looking woman. She's sweet, resilient and held a poisonous mouth. Even though she was naturally confused and devastated at what her parents had done she recovered relatively quickly and helped out anyway she could as they tried to track down her parents who had escaped. As a future father in law Jia Hyson was quite satisfied with her.

"She looks good," He tells Li Guiren, "Offer her dinner as thanks for all the help,"

Li Guiren glances at where Jia Hyson was, brow furrowed slightly before continuing to talk to Tian Xinya like he hadn't heard him at all. Jia Hyson clicks his tongue. Still such a stubborn brat. Won't even listen to his elder's love advice!

Jia Hyson: 'QAQ My baby is so rebellious, doesn't he know that this Laozi has had countless ladies and men eating out of his hands?'

Bebe: 'Maybe he's just not interested?'

Jia Hyson: 'Nonsense, that's his future baby momma. Besides that aside, her looks and personality are great, even I'm interested in her!'

Bebe: 'Yeah, well...' Host is kind of a slag. He would probably be interested in dogs if that was legally okay.

Jia Hyson: '...' Suddenly feel really angry right now what to do?

Li Guiren didn't hate Tian Xinya. She was nice. And she was very understanding and enthusiastic about his job. They had compatible personalities and, his black eyes darken as he took in the woman's elegant and charming face that was six to seven points similar to Wei's, her looks was close to his ideal type. "- so as thanks for helping us out so much why don't I buy you dinner? My treat of course," he smiles showing off his dimples, looking a little roguish and incredibly charming.

They get married by next fall.

Jia Hyson, who no longer got very emotional anymore was so excited at giving away his little boy he broke down the barriers between ghost and human and shed real tears. Thankfully with [I Can't Believe It's Not Human Level 1] he can temporarily retain an almost true human form and could be present during the ceremony. Unfortunately there were many limitations such as he couldn't be in too much direct sunlight and it wouldn't work during midday so the ceremony was at sunset.

Tian Xinya did not work and was a typical housewife. The only way she stood out was that she had become obsessed with learning about all sorts of things. It seems that her lack of knowledge and awareness of having such parents had struck her hard. As if to compensate now she is constantly visiting the library and bringing things home to tinker and play with.

Li Guiren didn't mind her hobby and held no expectations for her and the only rule in the house was that she must not touch Wei's doll body. Even though Jia Hyson could help a lot in police investigation it was still difficult to explain his presence in the office so if he wasn't hiding in a duffle bag or in a desk drawer he would usually be around the house.

Unexpectedly Tian Xinya was fine with such a strange and rather ominous sounding rule. In fact, from what Jia Hyson could tell, she genuinely quite liked the beautiful doll and often talked to him when they were alone together. Which was fairly often.

It seems... Tian Xinya had no friends?

Then again after the whole serial killer parents scandal it would be hard to socialize.

Feeling bad Jia Hyson decides to discuss revealing the secret to the doll with Li Guiren. Even though he was a slag, he truly believed that when one gets married one should devote themselves to each other and share everything with them. It's also why he never got married.

Li Guiren agrees easily. He also felt bad. Leaving Wei in the house with no one to talk to that is.

He used to drop Wei off to the demon house if he couldn't bring him to work but after he got married he was afraid that questions will arise if people saw him at the abandoned house so often. As a policeman he's gotten a little paranoid about eyewitnesses who could pass by and assume things like a scandalous rendezvous with a mistress or something. Tian Xianya also liked to ask him where he's gone and who he's been with a lot, whether its from jealousy or control issues it still doesn't stop him from being more cautious these days.

Besides, if she doesn't take it well... it's not like he hasn't killed before anyway.

Disappointingly for Li Guiren, Tian Xianya took the news abnormally well earning Jia Hyson's further goodwill toward her. The Li household was very lively after that. Jia Hyson and Tian Xianya bonded over Li Guiren and the occult which Tian Xianya became very interested in since it was something dangerous she had previously no knowledge about.

Now it was often Tian Xianya who would visit the demon house with him. The other ghosts were also interested in the current gossip and worldly affairs so given that this was second in command Wei's new human companion they gave her a lot of face. It also helped that she was less intimidating than Li Guiren whose yang body was the equivalent of spiked poison armor especially for the younger ghosts.

Li Guiren: '...' Ah, what is this complex feeling of having the main wife and mistress meet and they unexpectedly become best friends and all your other friends like the mistress better than you?

Bebe: '...' Host is right about one thing. Li Guiren is really not fit to be considered a male lead.

Li Guiren: '...' Out of nowhere I felt the malice of the universe hit me and now feel like crying.

The days pass on simply and intimately like this. Even though the relationship between husband and wife become more like roommates that were really only their for their pet ghost, no one could say they were unhappy.

Then, when Li Guiren is twenty-nine, Tian Xinya got pregnant. Unfortunately for her, she became ill the longer she was pregnant with the baby. Getting chills for no reason and feeling faint and depressed. Jia Hyson was shocked to find she seemed to be suffering from severe yin poisoning despite her not being nearly as exposed to the ghost world compared to Li Du who had been fine for years. He did his best to keep away from her but Tian Xianya treated him as her only friend and was unwilling to be left alone at such a fragile time. So all they could do was consult a shaman, feed her yang-nourishing food and pile her with warm blankets during this time.

A year later both Jia Hyson and Li Guiren were in the operating room supporting Tian Xianya who had grown haggard and pale. She died in the end, the moment Tian Shun was born she closed her eyes and never woke up. Jia Hyson gave her a brief look of sorrow before the feelings once again disappeared like sand through his fingers.

Even though it wasn't long, in consideration of their friendship Jia Hyson will protect the child in place of her.

Li Guiren's reaction in comparison was both more and less emotional. Although he was also saddened by the woman's passing it was not on the level of Wei's sadness as he regarded her more of a good roommate than a friend. Still because he was human and not a spirit like Wei the grief cannot be so easily lost. He holds Wei's hand tightly to reassure himself that at least Wei would always be with him.

They held a moment of silence for Tian Xinya before the doctor showed them to where the baby boy, Tian Shun was being held after they cleaned him up.

"He's so small," Jia Hyson marvels softly. He floated a few meters away, wary about his strong yin aura affecting the vulnerable little baby.

"He is," Li Guiren agrees, rather mesmerized himself. This was a living thing he helped make! Even though he has seen so many supernatural things now this was somehow the hardest thing to comprehend. The thought that he will raise the boy with Wei further warmed his heart, "What will be his name?"

"Tian Shun," Jia Hyson immediately says, "the 'Shun' as in good-natured."

Li Guiren smiles at him, "It's a nice name,"

Jia Hyson smiles back. The atmosphere between them particularly harmonious, like the breaking of dawn after a long gloomy night.

Tian Shun slowly and silently wakes up during this time. His silver eyes flashing under the hospital lights as he sticks his chubby hand in his mouth and stares up at Wei's floating figure.




When Jia Hyson saw Tian Shun's eye color for the first time he reacted like this: '...' WTF isn't this a little too scary?!

Bebe: '!!!' How can this be?

Li Guiren's expression was unreadable. It had over two decades since the mystery is of Liao Zhiqiang and the memories weren't too clear for him but he remembers the emotions. The jealousy, the rage, the fear... the familiarity.

As if his arm was possessed, Li Guiren reaches out to touch his son for the first time. Immediately a brush of static electricity runs through him, lightening his eyes silver for a moment while his child's own silver eyes darken to inky blackness. He sucks in a cold breath of air as everything that hadn't been clear the first time suddenly clicks in his brain.

He finally knows who he is.

...

Tian Shun was a quiet child.

He didn't cry much as a baby and didn't talk much as a kid. He liked reading, drawing and playing in the garden. He had silver eyes, pale skin and fluffy black hair. Eyes and personality aside, he was a dead ringer for Li Guiren as a little boy.

Which meant he was stupid cute.

Like STUPID cute.

Jia Hyson: 'Aaahh quiet little boys are the cutest! Tian Shun is the cutest!' ()

Bebe: 'Hello? Bebe would like to report a suspicious host,'

Jia Hyson: '...Can't you let me have anything nice?'  

Bebe: 'No.'  

Jia Hyson's favourite type of child was the cute timid artsy ones. Not only can they easily connect, it makes coaxing them to smile and chatter happily so much more rewarding. Jia Hyson liked Li Guiren a lot but he was the sort of bear child that liked to run around and make trouble which had been incredibly exhausting at times. He prefers the introverted bookworms like Tian Shun.

What they also found, was that while Tian Shun didn't inherit any of Liao Zhiqiang's memories he did seem to take one thing from him.

That was his pure yin body.

"Xiao Ren! Xiao Ren!" Jia Hyson chirps happily as he holds Tian Shun in his arms. Even though the little boy was still quite warm, his body temperature was a little cooler than a normal child's and the yin energy in his body made him even more comfortable to touch. "Look, look Xiao Shun drew a picture of us!"

Li Guiren turns around instinctively at Wei's voice even though he was in the middle of talking to a coworker that came over. However at the content of the words he immediately frowns, face turning cold. "Wei, didn't I tell you not to interrupt me about trivial things?"

Jia Hyson furrows his brows. Ever since Tian Shun appeared, Li Guiren has become rather snappy and unwilling to be around his son, looking at him like an enemy. Jia Hyson truly could not approve of this.

Even though a part of him had once stabbed you in the past the child now is innocent! After some testing from Bebe, Jia Hyson is confident to say Liao Zhiqiang is not Tian Shun or at the very least, Tian Shun's mind was still too young to take the trauma of taking in the memories of a middle-aged war veteran.

Plus, he'd read and written enough to know that if you treat a child with the expectation he will do evil, obviously nine times out of ten the child will end up doing just as you feared. That's not even a horror story thing, that's just a regular story thing people should know but almost never do ah.

It was even more disappointing considering Jia Hyson was there for Li Guiren's childhood and he knew how much he had suffered emotionally from his father's absent parenting. So Li Guiren more than anyone should know the harm it would do to avoid their child. And yet seven years later he's walked on a similar if not worse path than his father.

"...My apologies," Jia Hyson murmurs docilely. Even though he isn't happy he couldn't bear to make his family's Xiao Ren lose face in front of his subordinate. "Come on Xiao Shun, let's go play in the garden ah? It's nice and cloudy, perfect to find bugs."

"Okay," Tian Shun replies in his sweet milky voice nodding with his wide silver eyes looking like a little lamb. "Whatever you say Wei Wei."

Jia Hyson melts. Ah, ah, ah now he understands why some parents make another baby when the first one is old enough to get into their rebellious age! The sweetness in his heart is overflowing!

Closing the door he doesn't look back once at Li Guiren who's expression had gotten increasingly ugly. Meanwhile his subordinate, a new but promising rookie named Du Hong was staring with his mouth open and flushed cheeks at the door. Only when it clicked shut did he spring into action. "S-sir! Who, who was that?!"

Never in his life had he seen such a beautiful woman! As expected of his boss!

Li Guiren's already dark expressionless distorted for a moment before it smoothed out into a wry smile, "That's just my childhood friend,"

Du Hong gaped at Li Guiren. "You have such a gorgeous woman as your childhood friend? Is she already married?" That could be the only reason why his boss hasn't pursued her yet. Ah, Du Hong laments at the cruelty of the world. He had already thought Li Guiren was a stunning man who could take any man or woman with just a smile. Who knew that there was someone else even more capable than him, to snatch such a beauty under his nose? Truly there are mountains beyond mountains.

"He's male." Li Guiren deadpans.

Du Hong: '!!!'

Du Hong felt his three world view shift. Is it possible for a guy to be so beautiful? Not even beautiful, if it was just beautiful than there were plenty of pretty men out there but this one had an appearance on the verge of heaven-defying! Like a painting of a fox demonness, albeit a flat-chested one, come to life the man was intoxicating to look at. The more he thought about it the less he seemed to care about the gender of the other. After getting over that initial shock he coughs awkwardly, "Oh, wow, and uh, is he also single or-?"

Li Guiren's expression stutters for a second before he breaks out into a wide grin, laughing heartily as he slaps the other on the back with a very heavy hand, "If you think you're good enough to win him over go ahead ah!"

Du Hong immediately flushes joining in the laughter with a trace of self-deprecation. "Hahaha how could I think that? Aiyah maybe if I had a face as good looking as yours boss."

Li Guiren chuckles again like he truly was amused by his subordinate's antics. Inwardly however, he was busily eating vinegar. Even though Wei had learnt a skill that allows him to be more human, since Wei still felt uncomfortable with Li Guiren's touches he secretly felt such a skill was incredibly useless. All it ever seemed to do was attract the birds and bees around him.

Wei was already extremely beautiful, like a pale white solitary flower bathed in moonlight in a forest clearing but as a malevolent ghost his negative aura gave him a malicious and frightening air that curved the attraction somewhat. When he is pseudo-human that aura is suppressed and Wei's appearance becomes less ethereal, giving him a healthy flush to his cheeks and reddening his lips, changing his intimidating air immediately into a seductive one that could coax even abstinent heavenly immortals back to earth.

After sending Du Hong away his usual smiling face turned into one of gloominess. There was not a trace of the usual happy go lucky but hardworking and earnest detective that the people on the force know and admire.

Remembering Wei's words he strides through the house to peer through a window facing the garden. Dark eyes watch the scene of his beloved Wei and his son play happily together in the flowerbed. Tian Shun was giggling and Wei was weaving a flower crown with his own long black hair decorated with a variety of leaves and flowers. With the sun setting in the background the image was especially intimate.

Li Guiren clenches his jaw, jealousy and panic clawing inside his chest. When he was younger he wished to grow up quicker to stand by Wei's side, and now only once he has achieved that small wish did he realise how wrong he was. With his damn body he can't even touch Wei now without hurting him! He can only truly watch from a distance as Wei and that wretched little existence will become as close as he once was with him, no, maybe even closer given the brat has a pure yin body.

Pure yin body. Li Guiren silently sneers. Of course he would have that.

"Wei!" He calls out after a minute of silently enduring with his tank of vinegar he had been guzzling, "It's almost dinner time!"

"Okay!" Wei replies back, his smile gentle and soft. Li Guiren absentmindedly imagines if the taste is as sweet as it looks. Unfortunately he's doomed never to know.

As if sensing his thoughts Tian Shun glances up at him while Wei was coaxing him back inside and then says something before lunging up to pull down Wei's face with his grubby little hands, giving the youth a sloppy wet kiss on the cheek.

Li Guiren wonders if anyone would suspect him of murdering his own child. Nobody but Wei probably. Unfortunately Wei was more important to him than everybody in this world combined.

Still, silently he grits his teeth and glares at Tian Shun, something must be done about the boy.

He may not have the means to kill him but sending away?

That is very, very easy ah.

And so at seven years old Tian Shun was shipped off to boarding school. Overseas.

It was easy to say that was the first time Jia Hyson and Li Guiren had ever had such a big fight.

Jia Hyson: 'My babyyyy QAQ'

Li Guiren: 'Hmpf, out of sight, out of mind,'

Bebe: '...It's like a scene of sending away the illegitimate child out of the main household ah.'

The ensuing blow up after Tian Shun was sent away resulted in Jia Hyson sulking away in the demon house with the other ghosts. Li Guiren eventually coaxes him back with sweet words and promises of reconciliation with his son. After a few weeks and soon a tentative and shaky status quo was established. The pair of them after a few years of being quite distant with each other what with Li Guiren's busying work life and Jia Hyson's insistence of caring for the child, slowly began to reconnect with each other.

Li Guiren once again bought Jia Hyson's doll to crime scenes, less for help like he had done when he was still a rookie wet behind the ears, but more just for company and companionship. Meanwhile Jia Hyson who didn't have Tian Shun to take up his time, didn't have many things to do anymore and if he wasn't with Li Guiren he was playing with the other ghosts and cultivating his spiritual power.

Recently he decided to redecorate the demon house. After so many decades it was really on the verge of collapse. While he had no intention of turning it into a five-star hotel it would be best to do something about the termite situation at least ah. They still had some time left so even if they repainted a bit the paint will quickly peel off after a few years anyway.

[Ding, ding! Congratulations for unlocking Corrupter of Children level 1! Wow, someone actually got this? What a piece of shit! Oh damn, is this still recordin-]

Jia Hyson, who was casually decorating the house: ...wow what sort of dark malice suddenly hit me out of nowhere?

Bebe: 'Huh, apparently for successfully and singlehandedly corrupting three children onto the wrong path one can get rewarded. There really is no god.'  

Jia Hyson: '???' When did this happen?! The only child he can corrupt isn't even in the country okay? And who was the third kid?!

Bebe: '...Host, do you remember that during one of the killings in the house a child saw the whole thing but you let him go free and even gave him candy?'

Jia Hyson: '...That counts?'

Bebe: 'Well... clearly it had some effect on the kid ah. Apparently as long as the majority of the corruptive motives stem from you it counts, you don't necessarily have to be directly involved.'

Jia Hyson: '...'

After a moment Jia Hyson realized something after rereading the basic description.

Jia Hyson: 'Fuck, is this a passive skill?' It can't be he's actually stuck with such a title?!

"Bebe what does this skill give me?"

Bebe opens up the details and begins to read them out, also quite curious. "Corruption of Children, a passive skill which will automatically increase your natural favourability and trust with children. Good children will be tempted to follow you and explore their wicked side. Bad children will admire and revere you like their boss. Limitation: Persuading them to accomplish tasks which can be construed as 'naughty', 'malicious' and 'downright criminal' will be much easier than persuading them to do good deeds. Most effective for children under twenty but can work for people that are considered a 'Man-child'. Black-hearted adults may also have a favorable impression of you."

Jia Hyson: '...' Oh god. Is the system trying to get him arrested? Why was there such a shady skill in the first place?!

Bebe: '...' Disgusting. Bebe has been disillusioned by the system to offer such a special skill.   As for his host who earned such a skill... should just go get arrested already.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe... you, you know I'm not-"

Bebe: 'Don't talk to me, pervert.'

Jia Hyson: QAQ I hate this fucking world wuwuwu

After a few months a routine had almost been set. Cultivating till dawn. Going to work with Li Guiren. Visiting the demon house. Writing a response letter to Tian Shun. Either staying over at the demon house or heading back home with Li Guiren to cultivate his powers at night.

Then, Christmas break happened and Tian Shun didn't come home.

Jia Hyson: '...I'm going to cry.'  

Bebe: 'What school did that guy send him to? Hogwarts?!'

"Xiao Ren... Xiao Shun really isn't coming?" Jia Hyson asks Li Guiren forlornly.

Li Guiren looks helplessly at him, itching to hold him close and hug him tightly in a comforting embrace. "This time really isn't my doing," he defends weakly, draping a thick blanket over Wei's shoulders so he can lightly wrap his arms around him, "maybe Tian Shun really likes it there?"

Jia Hyson flinches a little at the searing heat Li Guiren emits, even through the fabric but forced himself to ignore the pain for the other's sake. "I suppose..." he mutters.

Li Guiren sighs, feeling a little guilty about sending his own letter accompanying Wei's last correspondence to his child, essentially telling him to stay in the dorms this holiday season. However, he's sure he'll get more and more accustomed to ignoring the guilt. For Wei, he's already gotten used to gore at such a young age. There wasn't much he was willing to do to monopolize him. "Maybe next year?"

"Mn.. I suppose..."

Tian Shun did not come back next year. Or the next. If he hadn't been consistently sending weekly or at the very least fortnightly, letters Jia Hyson was really sure the child must have straight up died. It was a world based off a horror story. Even though America doesn't have Sadako type ghosts, they still have quite a lot of slashers ah.

Nine years pass by and Jia Hyson had already grown even more numb to it. Even though he had incredibly strong suspicions about Li Guiren's part in Tian Shun's constant refusal to go home- suspicions confirmed by Bebe- he couldn't do anything to stop it other than fight with Li Guiren. Before the tenth year rolls by Jia Hyson finally could not take it and exploded.

The demon house story starts when the main characters are seventeen! It's already bad enough he didn't get to see his second dumpling grow up but if the story is ruined...!

Silent treatment. Throwing things. Killing people in protest. Shouting and screaming. It was definitely the biggest tantrum Jia Hyson had ever committed. He had even gotten the other ghosts to join in. Only after threatening to commit suicide by running to the nearby monastery did Li Guiren finally acquiescence.

Tian Shun was coming home.

...

When Tian Shun finally comes back, Jia Hyson insists on meeting him at the airport. Li Guiren reluctantly agrees. Luckily Tian Shun was taking the midnight flight back so there were no worries about the sun when driving.

While waiting for to see Tian Shun after nearly ten years Jia Hyson was pacing around Li Guiren nervously. "Ah, I can't believe Xiao Shun will finally come back,"

Li Guiren rolls his eyes but despite his annoyance at the topic at hand his gaze is still soft and fond when looking at the humanised Wei. "It hasn't been that long,"

Jia Hyson glares at him, this spicy chicken father, "You! What 'it hasn't been that long'?! One month is enough to complete change a person and yet you dare have the face to say that it hasn't been that long when it was you who sent him away?" He spits angrily, "Xiao Ren, I really don't know where I went wrong with teaching you. Everything but your attitude toward your son is practically perfect ah."

"That kid is..." Li Guiren hesitates, but after many years of this argument he already knows the best answer is submissiveness and silence, "You're right Wei Wei," He coaxes in a sticky sweet tone, "But I don't think you did anything wrong raising me, it's just my own issues. I'm sorry."

Bebe: '...Bebe has so many things to say to this but Bebe will not.'

Now it was Jia Hyson's turn to roll his eyes but it was clear he was appeased and amused by the heavy flattering from the now middle-aged handsome police detective. "Aiyah I suppose you can be forgiven ah, but you must treat Xiao Shun nicer okay? Once he graduates high school there really might not be any way to fix your father-son relationship anymore." God knows his own father-son relationship was so terrible to the point one of his main regrets in his original life was that he never got to kill the bastard himself. Or at least, said a few choice fucking words at his deathbed.

Ah thinking about it again Jia Hyson can't help but lament. When he was younger he had written various speeches he had planned. Every time he wrote an unlikeable arrogant and chauvinistic father figure in a story he would make sure to dedicate his own father for the 'inspiration'. Such a goddamn shame he never got to make any finishing moves.

Jia Hyson: 'Actually, Bebe, is it possible to do a computer ghost thing in my original world? You know, to fix some unresolved... grievances and such.'

Bebe: '...You mean to fuck up your enemies and people who pissed you off isn't it?'  

Jia Hyson: 'If I say no would you believe me?'

Bebe: 'Yes.'

Jia Hyson: 'Really?'

Bebe: 'Haha hell no,' 

Jia Hyson: _

Li Guiren smiles warmly at Wei but internally he had already blackened beyond belief. It was the kind of black color that was so dark no light could penetrate it. The kind of black color if someone could make would be cherished by all artists because of how undoubtedly soul-suckingly black it was. If he had the means he would have arranged the airplane carrying his son to crash.

In any other situation maybe he wouldn't be so cruel but now that there were in such a position, with his hands tied behind his back due to his yang properties and his son with his golden finger coveting what's rightfully Li Guiren's... don't blame him for being ruthless ah.

When Tian Shun arrived Li Guiren felt his resolve harden at first sight.

Because... his son had grown up to be a really handsome young man!

Tian Shun had taken the best parts of both Li Guiren's masculine imposing looks and Tian Xinyan's sleek elegant and intelligent appearance resulting in a man that can turn heads wherever he goes. His silver eyes catch in the light, making him look like a man out of a fantasy novel, his hair is a little long and wavy, styled in a charming windswept fashion. As he walks it seems to rustle lightly giving the impression an invisible breeze lives inside his hair for the sole purpose of making him look more amazing than before.

Jia Hyson: 'Oh no... he's hot.'

Bebe: '...Bebe admits you're not wrong and yet Bebe still hates you for it.'

Jia Hyson: 'I'm wrong you hate, I'm right you hate? Tell me, you were secretly a Mother-In-Law system before right?'

Bebe: 'Scram!'  

"Xiao, Xiao Shun?" Jia Hyson stutters, his humanoid body was very lifelike, it can even flush appropriately now that [I Can't Believe it's Not Human] reached level two. Right now it was mortifyingly making his pale cheeks pink coquettishly. "Is that really you?"

"Wei Wei," Tian Shun smiles. He looks a little skinnier and more scholarly than Li Guiren but definitely just as, if not more so, good-looking. When he's not smiling he looks cold and aloof, but when he smiles it's like the ice has melted and spring has come early, that sort of gentle and lovely feeling.

Jia Hyson swallows heavily. It wasn't completely because Tian Shun had become a stunning specimen of mankind, but also, now that the young man is closer he can sense... the yin energy in his body is very strong. Very enticing.

Before he can react, Tian Shun eagerly dropped his luggage and flew over to embrace Jia Hyson. For a second Jia Hyson stiffens up, bracing himself for the uncomfortable feeling that comes with interacting with the living. He's found over time that even in his pseudo-human state, touching people, not just Li Guiren, did not feel too pleasant since everyone had a lot of innate yang energy, even women were no exception- though they did feel easier to touch then men. It was best when they were shrouded with negative emotions such as fear or despair, at that point they become like ripened fruit, sweet and easy to pick.

However, Tian Shun, despite clearly being overjoyed, did not give any unpleasant feeling. In fact, to Jia Hyson's shock, Tian Shun felt good! Really, really good...

Completely opposite to Li Guiren's yang body which was painful to touch, Tian Shun's cool yin body made Jia Hyson feel reluctant to part from it. Not only did he feel nourished, the temperature was just right and the sensation was the most explicit physical feeling he had in a long time. Even in his human form his sense of touch and smell in the living realm were dulled and his taste for human food nonexistent. But now it felt like he was truly holding Tian Shun, he could feel the soft, silky smooth skin and the tingling cold puffs of air he breathed out.

Jia Hyson shivers, a soft moan comes out of him inexplicably as he leans further into the hug.

Before he could enjoy himself more however, a harsh fiery pain burns his shoulder making him cry out in surprise and suffering as he is pulled back by a ferocious looking Li Guiren. Seeing that his touch had repelled Jia Hyson so badly, his originally angry and possessive expression flickers out into horror and regret, quickly pulling back the offending limb like it was he who had gotten burnt instead.

"I.. sorry Wei," he apologises.

Jia Hyson forces a smile as he applies pressure on the injured shoulder, trying to circulate his spiritual energy toward the burnt area. If you looked underneath his clothing the flesh there would have been actually showing burn marks. He inwardly winces. Li Guiren had really gotten much stronger recently. "It's fine, let's go home ah."

Tian Shun takes his hand, his natural yin constitution supplying Jia Hyson with a cool, soothing feeling, like aloe vera it ebbs the previous pain a little. The smile Jia Hyson gives to him is much more sincere and grateful which isn't missed by Li Guiren's dark eyes filled with helpless jealousy. "Yes, we have a lot to catch up about,"

"Who told you to stay away for so long ah?" Jia Hyson scolds playfully as they all begin to walk to the car, "At this rate I almost forget we had another person in the family you know?"

"That's the idea," Tian Shun mutters, making Jia Hyson flick his ear in disapproval. Li Guiren however does not take it as a joke like Jia Hyson did face turning exceedingly ugly as he looked at his son who hadn't even greeted him yet. It was clear who he really came home for.

He really should have strangled this white-eyed wolf when he had the chance! Damn the consequences!

As Tian Shun settles back into the household, two weeks later a string of gruesome murders were discovered around the area. The people were mutilated in all sorts of creative ways and every victim was seemingly unrelated to each other. The only clue between them was a black mark somewhere on their bodies, the size of a cigarette burn.

Li Guiren obviously became extremely busy and Jia Hyson who had just reunited with their youngest family member didn't want to come with. He had only come for company before, Li Guiren had already grew up to be a fine criminal investigator, now he was only interested in nurturing emotions with Tian Shun.

Tian Shun who was enjoying reconnecting with Wei these days watches a tired Li Guiren rush out of the house with a serene smile.




When Tian Shun first enters his new school he created an uproar. Who told him to be a handsome, intelligent young man with a decent background that had just come back abroad? Who told him to be such a good-looking mysterious yet slightly broody gentleman with dashing silver eyes? Plus, on the first day he had beat up a bunch of infamous delinquents that had cornered him after school!

Obviously he immediately became one of the school's male gods ah.

However, it must be the will of the author god but despite his soaring popularity Tian Shun ended up joining the original friend group as stated by the original story. You know, despite the fact the group was clearly at least a level or two below him in terms of likability in the school. Jia Hyson is really just assuming this but could anyone blame him? Even though they were all a bunch of apparently attractive kids, they did get bullied x amount of times in the story so clearly they aren't that attractive ah.

Let's review the main characters for a minute.

The main protagonist is Zhao Xuefeng, when Jia Hyson describes the original Tian Shun as the Sasuke to his Naruto he had been serious. Zhao Xuefeng is a handsome, happy, go-lucky, positive and hot-blooded young man with a semi-tragic childhood. His cop father died in the line of duty and his mother had to raise him and his young sister alone.

Originally Tian Shun would have bonded with him over similar family situations except both his parents were dead, the mother from childbirth and the father protecting him from an escaped criminal with a grudge. Obviously that has changed since thanks to Jia Hyson's presence, Li Guiren had the backing of a bunch of resentful and powerful ghosts by his side during his career.

That escaped criminal had long ago went mentally insane. He was unfortunately saved last minute by later he died in an asylum after trying to paint his whole room with his own blood. It was almost like he was afraid of what happened if he didn't finish in time.

Anyway, other than Zhao Xuefeng the protagonist their were three more people.

Nalan Chyou - the love interest. She was the pretty and relatively rich young miss, long straight black hair, sweet demur personality, one of the most beautiful girls in the year. Many men are jealous of Zhao Xuefeng for being so close to her which is probably one of the reason the group is targeted so much.

Ming Bo - she's Nalan Chyou's best friend somehow. Jia Hyson says somehow because she's a fucking annoying bitch. This is Jia Hyson's personal opinion from reading the story anyway.

Everyone has those character archetypes they absolutely loathe. Jia Hyson's is the stupid loudmouth tsunderes. Like ugh, they bring absolutely nothing to the table. They are loud, rude, a severe carrier of misunderstanding-ites disease and Princess disease, not to mention whatever brain hole they have to always do that thing where they insist on going to do something dangerous and clearly out of their league because of their pride only for the main character to save them last minute and they either scold them or cry depending on how injured the Saviour is. They also act like it would kill them if they apologize and even when they do apologize they'll usually cry like somehow that'll make everyone so sympathetic to you being a complete asshole.

Generally they're female characters that irk him in this manner since they tend to be depicted to show bashfulness through denial and physically violence, but some male characters can also fit the description. Albeit with less violence. Because gender equality.

Jia Hyson: 'Tsunderes fucking suck!'

Bebe: 'You have really strong opinions about the stupidest things.'

Jia Hyson: 'Yes I do, that's why my opinion on you is the strongest.' Because Bebe is the stupidest.

Bebe: '...' Fucking walked into that one there didn't it?

Anyway, Ming Bo has a big tsundere crush on the protagonist despite knowing her best friend likes him to. She supports Nalan Chyou but she does it in a very counterproductive way, always insulting Zhao Xuefeng and saying how he doesn't deserve to be in the presence of Nalan Chyou etc, fighting with him constantly while blushing anytime Zhao Xuefeng unexpectedly says good things to her. She is the most vocal disbeliever and also the person who cracks from the pressure the most, she is also the first to turn against her friends. It's clear that her mind, like her likability was very weak.

Jia Hyson is totally going to make her suffer the most ah. He's very excited for that.

For the fourth member...It should have been Tian Shun as the fourth member of the group of childhood friends but of course Li Guiren, that vinegar eating pig teammate, had stopped that from happening by sending him away for so long. Instead there was another teenage boy in their group called Hao Fan, a hybrid of the gothy and nerdy archetype. He became friends with the group after Zhao Xuefeng tried to protect him from bullies. It didn't work and they both got beaten up but the friendship was solidified from then on.

When Jia Hyson heard the description by Tian Shun he felt a little satisfied in his heart, a group of stupid teenagers always needed someone with some knowledge of the supernatural. If this Hao Fan fellow can fulfil his role in sharing the occult with his online research than in a way he was better suited than Tian Shun is right now.

Which is good, because Jia Hyson has no intention of killing off Tian Shun.

Yeah, that's right, Tian Shun is going to make it out alive out of nepotism. Jia Hyson can do that. Deal.

"Sounds, like you had a fun time," Jia Hyson sincerely says with a faint smile. Tian Shun shrugs.

"They were fine, it's only been the first day," Tian Shun demurely answers.

"You should make friends with the group, but, uh, don't get too close okay?" Jia Hyson awkwardly tells him. "Wei Wei is interested in them."

Luckily, Tian Shun is still a very obedient child, no matter what age, mere nodding with an affectionate smile and a twinkle in his eyes. "Okay, do you want me to help?"

Jia Hyson pauses, giving Tian Shun a considering look. He remembers that Tian Shun had apparently blackened pretty hard overseas or he wouldn't have gotten such a spicy chicken special skill [Corrupter of Children]. Plus, Tian Shun had seen the demon house at work and he didn't sound disgusted or horrified at all by the casual mention of Jia Hyson's plan to kill his new friends...

A new classmate comes to school... the protagonist and his friends befriend him... after a few weeks someone will inevitably mention the demon house which has become very infamous, or the new classmate will bring it up casually... in order to show off and possibly urged on by their bullies, the group go visit, a decision they will soon regret... after experiencing hell on earth, the remaining survivors almost make it out as dawn slowly arrives however right before they step one foot out, back into the world of the peaceful living...

Jia Hyson smiles, "You've really grown up Xiao Shun, I'm so proud of you."

...

The serial killer case was still ongoing. Even Jia Hyson had to go in to try help out Li Guiren for a bit. Unfortunately unless the spirit was strong and unwilling, or the body was relatively fresh, it was hard for him to communicate with the lingering spirits. Jia Hyson was very strong now, but it wasn't like he can summon spirits back from the cycle of reincarnation or wherever they went. He was a ghost, not a necromancer dammit.

Many of the bodies were too old for Jia Hyson to work his magic, the majority belonged to the first batch of killings but had been hidden more thoroughly, only being found now.

The newer batch however held only a few lingering ghosts and they couldn't say much either as the killer had not only disguised himself well, he even changed into different costumes and face masks making it hard to find much other than a possible height, build and that he was definitely male.

Many bodies came from low profile people- homeless people, prostitutes, just people without much to live for and easily forgetten- very different to the mid-to-high profile individuals that had been murdered in the beginning. This sort of regression in victim quality is usually the opposite found in serial killer patterns so a lot of people were scratching their heads at this change.

Li Guiren watches everyone discuss this formidable killer silently. Glancing at the late hour shown by the clock on the wall then at the board filled with bloody pictures of numerous dismembered and maimed bodies he can only chuckle darkly.

It seems he's not making it to dinner again.

...

"I wonder when Xiao Ren will come back," Jia Hyson sighs, "I feel a little bad that I couldn't help him ah, even the yin energy from the bodies can't even be traced, it's almost like they died without a single grievance despite being tortured so much pre-mortem."

"I'm sure dad will figure it out soon ah," Tian Shun comforts lazily as he stretches out his arm to reach around Jia Hyson's slim shoulders, pulling him so he lays closely onto his chest in a classic date night move. They were even on the couch watching a horror movie to be even more cliche. "Whether he can convict them or not successfully is another matter though."

"Aiyah don't doubt your father Xiao Shun, Xiao Ren is very good at his work," Jia Hyson playfully scolds as he snuggles closer to Tian Shun. He couldn't help it, the feeling of his touch was truly addicting, like touching silk, you want to keep touching and rubbing it.

However unlike silk, Jia Hyson is sure he will never tire of the sensation, it was extremely satisfying. If he had the means and the heart to do so, he would have long found a way to skin the young man alive and make a coat out of him.

Bebe: '...' You know what? Not the most morally disturbing thing Bebe had heard today.

"How's school? No one's messing with you right?" Jia Hyson asks in concern, then his eyes redden demonically, "If they have just tell me, I'll-"

Tian Shun chuckles, his eyes soft and fond, he curls his arm tighter around him, enjoying the soft, light body underneath him. It was like touching a feather, airy and almost nonexistent but was still substantial enough to tickle his heart. "No need, I've managed to fit in well. Besides, I'm very good at fighting back now."

Jia Hyson raises a curious eyebrow, "Oh? It turns out the boarding school gives self-defence classes then? I suppose it isn't too bad then.." He huffs begrudgingly. He personally disliked this prestigious boarding school that had kept him away from a second fatherhood. But if it helped Tian Shun become such an outstanding man he really couldn't complain.

"Something like that," Tian Shun's silver eyes dim moodily as he recalls his past experiences overseas. "Let's just say I learnt some very good survival skills over there."

In the future Jia Hyson will learn that Li Guiren had sent Tian Shun to a very prestigious boarding school... which had once been a mass grave of native Americans, then a place for burning witches at the stake and then a mental asylum. In short. It had been a death trap. Ghosts, ghouls, slashers, even a zombie-like case of infectious demonic possession.

Tian Shun had lived through at least seven different horror movies in America. And even though American horror may not necessarily be as intricate and plot driven generally when compared to some other countries, it was definitely a strong contender in terms of kill count and gore. With a yin body that attracted tragedy, it was honestly a miracle Tian Shun made it past thirteen.

In fact if one took it to movie terms, he had been incredibly lucky and before he hit puberty he had essentially been acting as a male supporting lead that needed to be protected by the older protagonist during the plot as well as help serve useful information about the supernatural- though he had some very close calls ultimately the protagonist would swoop in to save him in the nick of time. After fourteen though... well he had to fend for himself then, he became his own protagonist.

But Jia Hyson didn't have the time to question him further about this information as Li Guiren strode into the house, his expression darkening as he noticed the intimate positions between Tian Shun and Wei.

Jia Hyson, sensing the change in atmosphere quickly decides maybe something must be done about this. The sooner the better ah. Pushing reluctantly away from the teenager, Jia Hyson floats up and slowly toward the door.

"Well, I'll leave you two alone for a bit," Jia Hyson coughs before giving them both a look, silently urging both to do their best to try smooth their relationship over somewhat. He isn't asking for them to be close, that would take years probably, but at least enough for the pair to be able to talk about the weather without a knife to their backs. "I'll be going around the neighbourhood to enjoy the night scenery so I might be out for a few hours, be good okay?"

The two obediently nod, looking very similar to each other as they gaze at Jia Hyson with a soft smile. Even when Jia Hyson left, the two gave each other almost identical sneering looks, taking a sizeable step back from each other as they do so.

"Son," Li Guiren greets like he's greeting his worst enemy who had recently killed his entire family and pet dog that had recently gotten pregnant.

"Father," Tian Shun gives a contemptuous smile, only rebellion and mocking in his voice. He treated Li Guiren less like a father and more like his bastard older brother whose mistress mother had managed to drive his own mother into suicide with her scheming.

"I know you're behind the murders," Li Guiren returns with his own disdainful smile, "As expected of a child, it reeks of impatience and sloppiness, replacing quality with quantity. You really must be desperate to make me stay away."

Tian Shun shrugs unperturbed by the provocation, "It's working though isn't it?"

"What would Wei think?" Li Guiren grits his teeth. At this, Tian Shun hesitates slightly before he returns to his usually faintly smiling self, shrugging carelessly.

"Wei will forgive me. Besides, it isn't like he really cares."

Wei's morality had corroded a lot over the years. Even though he likes to put on a caring, kind facade, as humans with a strong constitution they both had an instinctive intuition that told them Wei is fully capable of disposing them with barely any hesitation should the situation called for it. Fortunately there has been no situation that required their deaths.

"Now excuse me, I'm going to go do my homework," Tian Shun turns to leave, "I have no intention to bond with such a sorry excuse of a parent as yourself," he sneers.

"Fine," Li Guiren snorts. He had no intention of making up either. Whether Tian Shun was aware of it or not they were destined to be on opposing sides.

Tian Shun stops mid-step, clenching his fists. "No," He grits out, turning back around, his silver eyes reddening with aggrieved emotion, "You know what, let's talk this out. Ever since I was little you've been nothing but a shitty, shitty dad. You didn't like to talk to me, you've never hugged me, fuck, I don't even remember you even touching me once! All I had was Wei to take care of me and give me any semblance of a parent and you even take that away from me!" He screams, "What did I do to deserve this?! I didn't do fuck shit and you treat me like I carry the plague! We have a literal ghost in our house but somehow I'm treated like I'm the monster by you! I hate you! I hate you so much!"

Li Guiren only stares back coldly, "Go ahead," is all he says, "hate me then."

Tian Shun trembles. How could his father... was this even his father? With the way he treats him he would have been better off at the orphanage. He would have honestly preferred it than the hell of a boarding school he went to.

No... if he was left an orphanage he would never have been blessed to be with Wei... only Wei loves him... only Wei will ever love him... his father doesn't deserve Wei's love... nobody does... nobody... but him...

He touches his pocket reassuringly before runs up to Li Guiren ready to punch him.

Li Guiren's emotionless facade immediately cracks and his face looks exceedingly ugly at the sudden action of his son. Reflexively he steps aside and grabs the wrist of the oncoming fist. It was the first time he had touched the young man since he was a baby. His eyes flash silver.

Tian Shun freezes, his eyes dimming for a moment into an inky darkness so much like his father's before immediately he smiles like a huge weight has left his shoulders. Laughing coldly he shoves Li Guiren away from him who was glaring furiously. "I see, no wonder you refused to let me touch you and sent me so far away ah, how cruel daddy," the 'daddy' was said in a drawled out mocking tone, not even a little speck of filial pity or respect was there anymore.

"You..." Li Guiren's muscles are tense and ready to attack the smug teenager before him. "Don't you dare do anything to Wei,"

"Why not?" Tian Shun's face breaks into smile, silver eyes glittering brightly, "This world... it was practically made for someone like me. Even without my body's constitution just my role as a main supporting character gives me power that you, a nobody, cannot receive here. Why can't I pursue the one I fell in love with?"

"You barely even know him!" Li Guiren spat, "I was the one by his side all these years, I was the one who helped him get to where he is now! I supported him no matter what he did! I-"

"But you can't even touch him," Tian Shun snorts, he looked like he was staring at the funniest joke in the world, "You say you support and love him blah, blah, blah, but your very existence repels him ah. How can it possibly work? This isn't a love story, besides," His smile grows wider, "even if I don't know him as well as you do and my current feelings to him may not necessarily compare to yours, the fact alone that you love him is enough for me to want him too."

Li Guiren's body slides down to the floor, heart as numb and heavy as his body was feeling. The panic, the envy, the fear, it overwhelms him for a moment. In this life he has never felt so defeated.

Even though Tian Shun's voice and face were very pleasing to the eye, Li Guiren felt that there was no one as hateful and ugly as this person right now, "I wish you didn't exist," he spits, eyes reddening as he finds he can't refute the other's words, making him even more hateful.

"That's funny," Tian Shun sneers, "I feel the same way,"

"I won't give up," Li Guiren snarls back.

"Tch, so clingy," Tian Shun clicks his tongue, looking at his mess of a father and feeling a mix of disgust and glee, "if I were in your position I would never abuse myself like this. I would just leave and forever be a streak of white moonlight in his heart forever ba." He squats down so he's eye to eye with Li Guiren who was now tearing up pathetically, "here's some advice- go kill yourself ah, you won't feel so bad and Wei will always keep a good image of you in his memory, it's win-win."

"Go fuck yourself!" Li Guiren roars with red eyes.

"I rather Wei do that for me instead," Tian Shun grins, "Unfortunately we both know that neither of us will let the other go happy at this rate so let's compromise..." Suddenly Tian Shun pulls a switchblade out of his pocket, like a snake he strikes with a startling speed and a venomous expression as he aims for the other's neck. "You won't kill yourself, so I'll do it for you,"

However, Li Guiren hadn't been fighting crime all this time for nothing. Compared to the body of a still wet behind the ears teenager, the honed reflexes and muscles of a grown man trained on the force couldn't be compared. Even through his tears Li Guiren did not let his guard down, he knew the other was a snake that liked sneak attacks and he was already half-expecting it already.

Rolling away from the strike, Li Guiren quickly picks himself up to lunge at the younger man like a fierce lion. Already off balance from his miss, Tian Shun is pushed to the ground, dropping the blade, and began to be ruthlessly punched to the point he felt blood in his mouth. He wasn't perturbed though, pulling out another blade and unhesitatingly stabbing the larger man between the ribs when given an opening.

Li Guiren grits his teeth against the pain as his attacks grew fiercer, Tian Shun groans under the heavy barrage but relentlessly digs the blade deeper, pulling it toward his person in a vicious attempt to slice the flesh open. "Just... Die..." Tian Shun hisses.

"Hah, haa, over my fucking dead body," Li Guiren pants as he wraps his hands around Tian Shun's neck.

"Hehe," Tian Shun's bloody mouth curls disdainfully, "Idiot," then his expression changes to one of horror and fear, "HELP! AHH! HELP!" He hoarsely cries. "DAD..! S-STO- Ah.."

Li Guiren's eyes flash, this bastard!

Jia Hyson flies in, a face full of confusion and concern before going slack in shock. He had sensed something wrong a while back when he was returning to the house. The closer he came the stronger the negative emotions he could taste was. By the time he quickly jogged into the building the sharp unmistakable scent of blood appeared finally panicking him enough to abandon his pseudo-human form and fly toward the source.

He had only left for a few minutes to let the pair of estranged family members chat ah. How did it literally become a scene of bloodshed?!

"Li Guiren! Stop!" He shouts at first, because Tian Shun really seemed to be in a more wretched state- bruises all over his handsome face and on the verge of passing out. At this angle he couldn't see how Li Guiren's shirt was soaked in blood, in fact, other than the stab wound Li Guiren was relatively untouched, adding to that his age, size and previous hostility really made it seem like he was the one who snapped and attacked first. "Li Guiren! Fucking hell!"

Seeing that Li Guiren still has no intention of letting go, Jia Hyson felt he had no choice. Using [Hair Control] he wraps the man up and forcibly separated them. He had enough strength now to tear a car apart with this skill much less a man but obviously he couldn't bear to hurt his family's old dumpling like that.

Even though his hair was slowly burning under the strong yang energy of the man he still did his best to cradle the man gently yet firmly. Still, how can he not feel angry and distressed? "What is wrong with you?! I- Li Guiren!"

"Wei Wei," Li Guiren looks at him despondently, he already was aware how this looked. Tian Shun was the scheming white lotus bitch and he, Li Guiren was the naive and brash female lead that had rashly fallen into the trap.

If Bebe and Jia Hyson heard those description they would be stunned silent: ...would a naive and brash female lead pummel and strangle someone half to death ah? Don't even qualify as male leads but even less so the female leads, don't dream okay? These Laozis are about to cry.

"Wei Wei," Tian Shun shakily sat up, looking at the spirit with persevering affection and pain, "I, I told dad about my feelings for you but he.."

Li Guiren felt the finishing blow coming and like a caged animal began to thrash around his confines, "Shut up! Shut up!" He yells hoarsely, pleadingly.

"Wei Wei I love you, I always have," Tian Shun rushes out.

"That's not true, it's me who has always loved you Wei," Li Guiren bursts out, staring at Jia Hyson with an aggrieved and desperate expression that edged toward madness, "It's me, I'm the one who loves you! I, I never wanted to admit it but, I have always..."

Tian Shun's face contorts, not expected this man who had been pushed to the edge of the cliff to still fight back. That's the difference between them, Tian Shun is too strategic, willing to cut his losses when he sees no possible victories but Li Guiren held the more emotional personality that will run forward even in the face of certain death.

"If you really loved Wei dad than how can you sleep with mum?" Tian Shun decides to attack in this manner. To strike while the iron is still hot, if he lets Wei be moved by Li Guiren's confession than many doors for himself will close. Besides, no one can be comfortable with the idea that their lover had slept with others, it is enough to dampen the proclamation somewhat.

Unfortunately Tian Shun was operating on the mindset of a person from the 90s. Jia Hyson, this modern manslut really couldn't care less about virginity. Just because you slept with someone before means you somehow value the person you fell in love with less? Should we all just keep our purity until we meet our true love? In that case the human race would have died out long ago peh, peh.

Of course this wasn't the case for Li Guiren who was also someone that had now been raised with the values of this setting. He paled and felt even more bleak. That's right, he had slept and married another in front of the person he loved, even spawned this unfilial devil child, in comparison to Tian Shun who still remained pure and devoted, didn't he look like a joke in comparison? A tear escaped his eye, making this handsome older man looked like he had been emotionally raped by a thousand men.

Jia Hyson, this unwitting scum male: '...Uwa what a scene of bloody slaughter. They do know I'm dead right?'

Bebe, the apathetic scum system: 'Assumedly.'

Jia Hyson: 'Tch, I'm very pretty but I'm still dead ah. These two are all being very dramatic and catty but aren't they just necrophiliacs?'  

Bebe: 'Vampires count as part of the undead too.'

Jia Hyson who has recently reading a lot of shitty erotic vampire romance novels to pass the time: 'Oh. Huh. I've been too narrow minded, it turns out there's a necrophiliac in us all ba.' (o^-')b

Bebe: 'Hehe how poignant.   Once again, Host's words of wisdom never fail to stun Bebe.'

Despite the frivolous chattering in his mind, Jia Hyson was truly torn. He had already gotten over the fact he won't have any lovers, big or small, in this life and suddenly after around three decades he had two men confessing their feelings in such a messy dogblooded way. Not to mention they were father and son, his role in the household could be akin to grandfather at this point! Grandfather ah!

Jia Hyson: 'It turns out I skipped over being a DILF and straight into GILF territory. This is the worst.'

Bebe: 'That's the worst? Really?'

Jia Hyson: 'Even though I never got to get a sugar daddy because I was already so rich and famous and charismatic in my original life I thought that I would get to clutch onto an older male lead's golden thigh like in all the QT stories. Not only do I have no old gold thighs, I have these young black sesame buns dragging on my own!  Who has ever seen such a tragic protagonist like myself before?!'

Bebe: ...Protagonist? ( )? What protagonist? All I see is a big stinking villain ah.

Closing his eyes as if that could close him off from this messed up reality he massaged the headache he shouldn't technically be having until it subsided somewhat. By then he had figured out what to do.

Under their expectant eyes Jia Hyson gazes at them solemnly and says, "Both of you, go to the hospital to check your injuries. Make sure they look at your heads too ba."

Tian Shun and Li Guiren: '...'




Tian Shun had a fractured bone, a broken tooth and more than a few bruises.

Li Guiren needed some light surgery and stitches.

Jia Hyson wanted to slap them both.

Why?

"Wei Wei... can you pass me my pain relief medication?" Li Guiren asks in a spoiled tone totally un-befitting of a cool, mature police detective. "Since SOMEBODY STABBED ME I've been feeling so pained I cannot even sleep at night."

In a bed next to Li Guiren's, a rather battered looking Tian Shun gives him a sharp smile that doesn't reach his eyes, "You're lucky, at least you didn't have a SHITTY OLD MAN force himself on top of you. Ah, I really feel so violated, I'm even bleeding from my hole after the abuse."

Jia Hyson: '...' Doesn't he just mean his mouth hole? Why make it sound so ambiguous?

Li Guiren's face turned red with suppressed anger. This stinky child! As if he would want to touch one hair of the conniving poisonous brat! "It's better than having a WHITE EYED WOLF OF A SON WHO STILL REEKS OF MILK attack you! I was ruthlessly PENETRATED by his SHORT and SMALL dagger! If I hadn't been bleeding I wouldn't have known it even existed!"

Jia Hyson: '...' These people are ruining my fantasy of father-son pseudo incest play.

Bebe: '...' Bebe hopes this finally puts an end to Host's ridiculous dreams of re-enacting a father-son pseudo incest play.

Tian Shun's face also burns from shame and indignation. Who's dagger is short and small! No, wait, who wants to penetrate that disgusting old man past his prime!? Just the thought made him sick! "At least I-"

"If you two don't shut up I'm going to leave and find a cute twenty-something year old serial killer to haunt," Jia Hyson coldly interrupts.

The threat is incredibly effective. The pair shut up so fast Jia Hyson could hear their jaws click shut. Finally there was silence in the room. No weirdly incestual insults to be heard.

Fuck! For the first time he realized how goddamn inconvenient real yanderes are. They weren't suave super cold geniuses with aggressively violent possessive tendencies. They were clingy, bitchy and passive aggressive idiots with aggressively violent possessive tendencies. Aiyah, maybe the ones in the romantic genre would be better. After all they should be influenced by the world's genre to be more attractive in temperament at least.

Ah next world, next world.

...

"Tian Shun! What happened?!" Zhao Xuefeng exclaims loudly. His voice was clear and naturally boisterous which naturally made it easy for everyone in the class to pause what they were doing to look at the teenager at the doorway.

Tian Shun smiles but inwardly he was cursing Zhao Xuefeng. His state wasn't good at all, it would be better to play his injuries off coolly and earn so extra points for being aloof but he had to make do with the sudden spotlight now.

Quickly he walks over to Zhao Xuefeng who was currently alone. Luckily it was still early so not a lot of people have come to class yet. Zhao Xuefeng was one of the few that consistently came very early, probably to escape his suffocating poor one parent household which is filled with the grief of a widow that refuses to let go, so Tian Shun makes an effort to often be early as well.

"It's nothing," he brushes off as he sits down in front of him, wincing slightly at the pain. "My dad... he had some trouble at work..."

"Oh..." Zhao Xuefeng says, unsure what to say. In his mind he imagines maybe that Tian Shun visited his dad at the precinct and accidentally got attacked by someone there but his heart felt uneasy looking at the bitter but blindingly handsome face of his new friend. It's been a few weeks and Tian Shun barely talked about his father, only about his caretaker.

Zhao Xuefeng's father was a policeman and he greatly admired law enforcement. Li Guiren is one of the most famous detectives in the city and to be honest, he was a little jealous of Tian Shun for having such a great father. But now... some doubts sprouted in his heart.

Tian Shun shrugs, "It's fine, don't worry about it," silver eyes look deeply into Zhao Xuefeng's brown eyes, a sense of soothing coolness washes over Zhao Xuefeng, relaxing him and at the same time making his heart beat a little faster, "I heard your mother is feeling unwell again? Are you okay?"

Zhao Xuefeng suddenly felt very shy. Even though the words seem like casual concern they moved him a little. Whenever people heard about his mother's mental illness they felt uncomfortable and pitying, they would give lackluster concern over his mother like they were reading from a script.

But Tian Shun didn't show any false emotion, just a serene gaze with a trace of concern. Even his friends still show uncomfortableness touching his family situation. More importantly, Tian Shun even asked how he was! No one had ever questioned how he felt in such a suffocating situation before. "I... Yeah, mum had a bit of a breakdown but she got over it quick. She's getting better I think."

"That's good," Tian Shun nods, "Mental illness and grief takes time to recover. Honestly, I'm not sure why people here like to think that one can get over a loss so quickly."

"It's been at least nine years since he's been gone," Zhao Xuefeng rebuts bitterly. Even he felt that his mother was clinging too tightly to the past. He even felt a little resentful for her because he had to take up the mantle of caring for the household due to her being such a wreck.

"And that at least shows your mother loved him more than the people who find lovers after only two," Tian Shun says confidently, "Even though I feel the situation is unfair to you, I also cannot help but admire your parents for finding such a deep, relentless love."

Tian Shun's eyes sparkle for a moment as he thinks about it. A love that will be so intertwined that they will become irreparably damaged without the other, such dependency, such unwillingness to leave each other... isn't that the most romantic thing?

Of course, if he really lost Wei he wouldn't bother to wait for a natural death to finally take him out of his misery. Instead he would do his best to gather everything precious he has that reminds him of the spirit before killing himself in hopes he will reach him in the reincarnation cycle.

Zhao Xuefeng felt his cheeks inexplicably heat up a little as he watches Tian Shun. The other teen was always so cold and aloof, like an immortal who had come down to try his hand at playing on earth, to see that fierce passion and yearning devotion in his eyes. Suddenly he felt a little unhappy that this sort of look had never been given to him before.

"I suppose..." Zhao Xuefeng murmurs, suddenly he didn't feel so secretly resentful over his family situation anymore. Just talking with Tian Shun seems to never fail to make him feel better. It's like all the negative emotions in his heart are sucked away, a very relaxing feeling. He smiles at Tian Shun, "Hey, hey, why are we talking about such serious things ah," He laughs trying to will away the flush on his cheeks, "Come, show me your English homework, I didn't do it yesterday,"

Tian Shun goes along with him easily, with a faint playful smile he rolls his eyes lightly and pulls out his homework. "Zhao Xuefeng you.. just because we're friends now don't think you can steal my work," Even though the words are scolding, it was clearly warm and doting making Zhao Xuefeng feel a little bashful at being taking care of in such a manner.

"Hahaha," He laughs nervously, even though he's good at being foolish somehow he really doesn't want the mature Tian Shun to see him as a fool, "I-I was busy with my part time job yesterday, Little Ding got an injury trying to execute a flying kick ah. Besides, you're the smartest guy out of all of us, I would be a fool not to go to you."

"Hm, that's true," Tian Shun agrees easily, "I am pretty smart,"

Zhao Xuefeng for a moment was a loss at what to say, but then his quick eyes caught how the taller teenager's eyes seem to curl into amused crescents before he realizes Tian Shun was trying to joke with him. Like a big aloof cat puffing it's fur up with pride. Zhao Xuefeng's heart felt like it was being scratched softly. Wasn't this too unfair? How come Tian Shun seemed rather cute to him right now?! "Ha..haha, un, yeah," he stutters out, none of his usual boisterous personality there, he was too distracted enjoying the view...

"Zhao Xuefeng!" A high pitched voice yelled jerking him out of his daze.

Turning his head he sees a short, baby-faced girl with big cat-like eyes and long, thick chestnut brown curls put up into two high twintails making the girl look even more child-like. She was a very cute loli type with a mixed race heritage to make her even more loveable to look at, unfortunately she was almost always frowning and pouting in front of the boys, ruining her appearance somewhat. "Aiyah, Zhao Xuefeng do you have dirt in your ears or something?!"

"Ming Bo, don't be rude," An elegant pure chinese beauty stood behind her with a concerned coaxing tone. Unlike the shorter girl, this one was tall and willowy, her straight, long black hair was loosely tied in a simple pony tail and her looks was delicate and pure like a white lotus. Her peach blossom eyes were lovely to behold and it was clear that when she fully matured she would become a fairy like beauty in the future. "I'm sure Xuefeng is just a little tired," She glances at him, a faint dusting of pink on her cheeks which seems to be completely ignored by the teenager in question.

"Hmph!" Ming Bo crosses her arms and raises her chin to look down on the handsome teenage protagonist disdainfully. "Sister Chyou, you are really too kindhearted! Zhao Xuefeng doesn't deserve your understanding! It was his fault for dazing out with such a dumb face!" Then she blushes as well, "B-but I suppose you're face does look particularly ugly today... In light of this I will let you off!"

Zhao Xuefeng touched his face a little self-consciously. Could it be it really was a little ugly today? Normally he wouldn't care but, his eyes flicker to Tian Shun who was lazily gazing at him, lately he felt maybe he should pay a little bit more attention to appearances a bit more. Scowling at Ming Bo, he felt that she was particularly irritating today this time, "Shut up, I was working a bit later than usual yesterday,"

"Oh no, what happened?" Nalan Chyou immediately asks with a gentle and worried gaze, she lightly touches his forehead before retreating quickly in embarrassment, "O-oh! I'm, I'm sorry," She quickly apologises flustered, looking very beautiful in her embarrassment. It would make many young men's heart move seeing such a sight, "I just thought," she bites her lip, "you feel a bit warm.. do you want me to come over later..?"

"Sister Chyou!" Ming Bo exclaims aghast, face red with a mixture of emotions however to a more insightful bystander they could see the jealousy in her eyes, "How can you even dare to enter Zhao Xuefeng's house alone! What if, if he does something beastly to you!"

Nalan Chyou blushes even harder, eyes darting back and forth as she bites her lower lip again, making it even more plump and eye-catchingly red, "I wouldn't mind," she whispers almost inaudibly.

Ming Bo cocks her head puzzledly, "What did you say?"

"N-nothing! Nothing! Ahaha!"

Zhao Xuefeng shakes his head and shrugs, "Girls," He sighs before grinning at Tian Shun, "Am I right?"

Tian Shun smiles, "En," He agrees, "And she's wrong by the way,"

Zhao Xuefeng furrows his brows, this time he is the one confused, "What? Who's wrong about what?"

"Ming Bo," Tian Shun leans over, his silver eyes like moonlight in the daytime, a mysterious and beautiful feeling very different from Nalan Chyou's own sweet elegance, "When she said you looked ugly today, she's wrong you know?" Then he winks, flashing his perfect white teeth in a toothy, teasing grin.

"Ah.." Zhao Xuefeng felt like his heart was beating so fast his heart will collapse at any moment. "R-really? Ha.. that's, um, you, you too-"

"Yo Tian Shun! Come here! I brought over the thing I wanted to show you!" A senior barges into the classroom with a cocky smirk. If Jia Hyson was here Bebe would recognise him as one of the bullies in the story, Li Daguo.

Tian Shun's eyes brighten for a moment, with a vaguely apologetic look he tells Zhao Xuefeng, "Sorry, I have to take this, I'll be back before class starts,"

Hiding his disappointment Zhao Xuefeng gives him a wide smile, "Aiyah," He says jovially, "Don't mind, don't mind ba, one can't help but be popular after all,"

Tian Shun chuckles, "Don't say that, Li Daguo and I are just acquaintances," The implication was that he considered Zhao Xuefeng more of a friend.

Feeling inexplicably very pleased, the smile on his face becomes easier to keep on. "Hahaha, is that so? Well, hurry and go! I'll save you a seat!"

"En," Tian Shun nods gratefully, "Don't copy my homework word for word or we'll both get it from the teacher."

Zhao Xuefeng childishly stuck his tongue out, "Peh! I'm not that much of an idiot!"

Tian Shun chuckles before leaving. Both girls watch him leave, having long finished their own conversation.

"Aiyah, Tian Shun is really too good! As expected of a male god!" Ming Bo praises, her eyes a little dreamy, "Handsome, smart, good at making interpersonal connections... Truly top-notch!"

"Xuefeng.. Brother Xuefeng is also very good too," Nalan Chyou gives Zhao Xuefeng a coy smile, "After all, how else can someone as cool as Tian Shun want to be his friend?"

"Hmph! Even male god's have flaws!" Ming Bo huffs again but she didn't deny it.

Zhao Xuefeng watched Tian Shun leave with Li Daguo, the arrogance in the older boy gone in the presence of the handsome silver-eyed teenager. Seeing how Tian Shun barely even glanced at Li Daguo despite Li Daguo treating the other like his beloved ancestor, Zhao Xuefeng felt a sense of accomplishment and joy. It seems Tian Shun really did think they were friends. His chest felt warm and ticklish at the thought.

...

"Ugh, I cannot believe you're friends with that poor loser," Li Daguo complains as they walk through the halls.

"Friends?" Tian Shun snorts. His warm, friendly demeanour fading a little to reveal a coldness that wasn't present in the classroom. "Heh, not really. Zhao Xuefeng and I are just acquaintances,"

Li Daguo laughs meanly, "As expected! Brother Shun, if I may ask, why are you even hanging out with them then? That Ming Bo bitch is super annoying and while Nalan Chyou is many people's beautiful goddess it's clear she's only stuck on that brat Zhao Xuefeng. And don't even get me started on that freak that tags along with them!"

"Are you questioning me?" Tian Shun asks softly. Li Daguo shudders, a thin layer of cold sweat suddenly covering his back as he felt immense pressure coming from the other.

"Haha of course not! I was merely a little curious!"

Tian Shun chuckles, the tense atmosphere broken by his melodic yet quiet laughter, "Don't panic good brother, I was merely teasing. I find Zhao Xuefeng a little pitiful and the group is slightly amusing that's all."

Li Daguo wiped the sweat from his forehead, "Damn bro! Don't scare me like that! Even if you think that's funny your aura is really too dominating ah, really thought you would pummel me half to death like you did with those other near-sighted fools!"

"I might just," Tian Shun murmurs, then in a louder voice, "Shut up and show me the thing,"

"Roger that boss!"

...

"How's it going Xiao Shun?"

Tian Shun smiles, it's cold and bloodthirsty but for the first time that day it was actually genuine, "Very smooth. I've befriended many people despite the clashing cliques. It was a good idea to start with the Zhao Xuefeng's group first"

Jia Hyson nodded proudly, "Mn, those people will feel a sense of superiority for earning your friendship first, especially since they're somewhat low on the popularity boards. Plus, once you earn other people's respect and admiration, they'll naturally feel jealous that someone as cool as you would prefer Zhao Xuefeng's company over theirs making them try earn your favour even harder. Especially those bullies who look down on that group."

"It's exactly as you said Wei," Tian Shun steps closer to the spirit, throwing his school bag away and staring at Jia Hyson with an expectant look. "However talking with those... things is so very tiring, I deserve a reward don't you think?"

Jia Hyson blinks. This is new. However it must be difficult to handle so many teenage relationships at the same time. He knows he himself couldn't do it. Jia Hyson was the type of friend who liked to make many shallow relationships and only really focus on making one or two friends at a time. "Sure, what do you want Xiao Shun?"

Wasting not even a second, Tian Shun moves in and presses his lips against Jia Hyson's own. Jia Hyson freezes for a moment before immediately reciprocating. He couldn't help it! Tian Shun's body felt so good! Cooling and energising, Jia Hyson pressed himself even closer to the teenager, making the other groan in surprise and delight.

"Wei..." Tian Shun breathes out, "I.. I really do like you."

"En," Jia Hyson absentmindedly mutters, his attention still focused on how good he just felt. He licks his lips, savouring the taste. Silver eyes that had been watching closely darkened in lust. "Uh, what did you just say?"

Bebe: 'Scum. This guy is absolute scum.'

Tian Shun gives one last lingering look at Jia Hyson's lips before looking back up with a dark yet affectionate smile, "It doesn't matter," he assures, "let's talk about Li Daguo and the others that bully Zhao Xuefeng's group."

"What's wrong with them?" Now that they're back to business Jia Hyson's gaze sharpens once again. Despite all his flaws he has a pretty good work ethic.

"I think we should bring them along to the house with Zhao Xuefeng's group. For an even bigger kill count we should probably get even more people," Tian Shun suggests heartlessly, "It will make sure everyone in the house can at least get their fair share of bloodshed."

Jia Hyson pretends to hesitate on it before agreeing. In truth he also felt that four victims against so many ghosts was a little too much overkill. These were no longer weak specters but spirits that had honed their skills in murder. If we kept the same cast wouldn't that turn the Demon House book into a twenty page short story??

Forget lasting the night the oblivious and unprepared brats wouldn't last the hour! No, no, as long as the main character, his love interest and two supporting or main characters are still alive and ready to be sacrificed in the basement he doesn't care how many die in the house.

More importantly... One of the bullies should have a hold of the Book of Curses. A super important prop that should be best hidden somewhere in the house for the group to discover in the second last act or something. Jia Hyson and Li Guiren had tried to search for it over the years but they could only chase shadows and find information long expired from its usefulness.

Now with the plot starting so soon, he can only rely on the Author God's power to let the book fall into the hands of someone relevant to the story and Tian Shun to take it. If that fails, there's always Plan B where they just bring more people with the excuse of doing a scary occult gathering, the person with the book will definitely come with it to show off to Tian Shun.

"You really haven't found the Book of Curses?" Jia Hyson asks.

Tian Shun shakes his head despondently, "When I asked many people seemed to have no idea about it. At best they had some ghost stories." He gives Jia Hyson a sad, pitiful look, "Sorry Wei,"

Jia Hyson melts a little at that. Aiyah, so handsome and yet he can sell meng so skilfully. This kid is too cunning!

Unable to help himself he hugs him, something which Tian Shun fully takes advantage of, wrapping his surprisingly muscular arms around Jia Hyson's thin waist and quickly eating as much tofu as he can before retreating. Because he left so quickly on his own accord Jia Hyson couldn't even scold him for touching places where he shouldn't. Like a thief he moved so swiftly that if Jia Hyson wasn't a ghost who couldn't feel normal touch unless he willed it to be the case and if Tian Shun wasn't the only exception to the rule, he really would have believed it was a trick of the wind.

Shaking his head helplessly Jia Hyson gives him a fond yet irritated smile, "You stinky child! You're lucky I like you."

"I am very lucky," Tian Shun smiles meaningfully.

Aiyah, such a sweet talker too!

Even though he couldn't blush in his ghostly form, Jia Hyson instinctively covered his face and groans in second-hand embarrassment at Tian Shun's sugary words. Because of this, he fails to defend against Tian Shun's surprise attack. Gasping he immediately moves his hands to see Tian Shun's own larger ones firmly gripping his waist and pulling him down from the air.

Once the barrier in front of his face was gone, Tian Shun, the sly little bastard, didn't hesitate to take the opportunity to strike and kiss him once more. This time fiercely pushing their lips together. It wasn't fireworks like the previous world but it was just as mind glowingly good, the yin energy sweetly dark and delicious, stirring the hunger and a long forgotten lust inside Jia Hyson.

He opens his mouth, presenting an invitation that Tian Shun eagerly accepts, sticking his tongue in and devouring Jia Hyson to the point he wondered who was the hungry ghost in this situation?

Answer? It was still him.

Even though Tian Shun was eager, he was still human and eventually the ball fell into Jia Hyson's court. Soon it was Jia Hyson's time to counterattack, sucking the tip of the other's tongue, nipping at those swollen lips, running his own tongue against the inside of Tian Shun's mouth, his eyes had turned a bloody red as the yin energy intoxicated him and coaxed him to take more. "Shun, Shun," He murmurs near deliriously as his pale hands run over the other's muscled body, even though he couldn't get hard instinctively he began to thrust his hips, rutting against the teenager as waves of pleasure seemed to drown him.

"Wei, mhnn, ah, Wei, sto-ah, ahn," Tian Shun gasps and moans, his lower region hard and leaking. Jia Hyson could feel the sizeable member burning up against his body, even though it was warmer than usual, the heat only served to excite Jia Hyson more. The saliva was already enough to get him into this frenzied state, if he tasted Tian Shun's cum would he just directly ascend to heaven?

Pulling back from the lengthy kiss Jia Hyson let's the other pant for breath as he whispers seductively into his ear, "So delicious, I want to swallow your dick and let you fuck my mouth,"

That seemed to be too much stimulation for the teenager, "I'm going to, I'm going-" Tian Shun groans, he hugs Jia Hyson tightly before his body jerks and shudders. Jia Hyson was a little disappointed at how short it was but then again, Tian Shun was still young ah. Not everyone could be a male lead in a smutty romance story.

Then as the feelings of ecstasy went away, Jia Hyson's logic and tattered sense of decency came back and he wanted to kick himself for losing control. He got so easily seduced! Oh god! Li Guiren is going to exorcise him! No, Li Guiren is going to murder Tian Shun THEN exorcise him!

Bebe: '...And you wondered why you deserved the [Corrupter of Children] skill.'

Jia Hyson: '...Way to rub the salt in ah.'

However even though he was berating himself, years as a spirit have really ground down most of his morality. Even though there was a vague feeling of shame and guilt, Jia Hyson quickly got over it and lowered his bottom line even further down then before. Still, that didn't stop him from being a little awkward.

"Xiao Shun..." He calls out to the heavily breathing Tian Shun.

In response to the call he raises his head up, his gorgeous face tinted pink with exertion and sweat, making him look debauched and incredibly sexy, his hormones practically flying everywhere. Jia Hyson had to swallow down his ghostly saliva at the sight, recalling just how good it felt to touch the younger man. "Xiao Shun, you, why don't you go shower," he coughs, "It's getting late, you should, um, you should study and go to sleep."

Luckily Tian Shun was considerate and didn't mention the sun hadn't even set yet. "Okay," He replies obediently, voice hoarse and baritone as he stares at Wei with pleasure and satisfaction. "Goodnight Wei," Tian Shun smiles, a soft, loving smile, before heading back to his bedroom leaving Jia Hyson to float alone in the middle of the room.

Once the door lock clicked shut Jia Hyson put a hand to his forehead and sighs, "Raising kids is really hard ah."

Bebe: '...' Raising kids may be hard but raising host is clearly the hardest hehe

...

After locking the door and making sure there were no prying eyes around he sighs in faint relief before pulling out a large, ancient and intimidating book from his satchel. It had a dark leather cover, old blood stains all over it and bindings that were engraved with an ancient language he couldn't read.

Carefully he frees the book, opening it up and flicking through it until he finally found the page of the ritual that had enraptured him before.

The Binding of Shadows.

Carefully he traces the words and repeats excitedly the description engraved into the old parchment, "Like shadow and light, one impossible without the other. They are each other's prisons and each other's freedom, intertwined and unable to be separated. Forever may be a reward or a curse but it still has the same price."

Tian Shun smiles. It's still soft, it's still loving and yet it made it all the more sinister.

"Wei... soon... soon you'll be mine and mine alone."

Jia Hyson, who was looking forward for the story to start suddenly sneezed.

Jia Hyson: '??? Ghosts can sneeze???'

Bebe: 'Ghosts can cry, why can't they sneeze? Both actions have the function of clearing dirt and irritation in the given area ah.'

Jia Hyson: 'Oh.' Even though it makes sense why does it still feel quite wrong? Whatever, it's probably not important. The plot should be starting in just over a week, he needs to do his best to try finalise the details and makes sure nothing too drastic happens.

[WARNING! WARNING! A WORLDBREAKER HAS ENTERED THE WORLD! REPEAT! A WORLDBREAKER HAS ENTERED THE WORLD! PLEASE PROCEED CAREFULLY!]

Jia Hyson: ( )?!?!

Motherfucker! What the heck is this garbage?!




[WARNING! WARNING! A WORLDBREAKER HAS ENTERED THE WORLD! PLEASE PROCEED CAREFULLY!]

[WARNING! WARNING! A WORLDBREAKER HAS ENTERED THE WORLD! PLEASE PROCEED CAREFULLY!]

[WARNING! WARNING! A WORLDBREAKER HAS ENTERED THE WORLD! PLEASE PROCEED CAREFULLY!]

Jia Hyson: '...'

[WARNING! WARNING! A WORLDBREAKER HAS ENTERED THE WORLD! PLEASE PROCEED CAREFULLY!]

Jia Hyson: '...Okay I got it, the shock has worn off Bebe, turn it off."

Bebe: 'It's a new alarm installed. The number of warnings is supposed to represent the level of the enemy. I can't turn it off.'

[WARNING! WARNING! A WORLDBREAKER HAS ENTERED THE WORLD! PLEASE PROCEED CAREFULLY!]

Jia Hyson: '...' Whose shitty idea was this?

...

In the System World:

Overseer X: 'Milord, there have been some complaints about the new Worldbreaker alarm.'

Overlord Li Jun: 'Hehe, unless someone of a higher tier comes we'll keep it the way it is.'

Overseer X: '...' Whose shitty idea was it to give this fool so much power?

...

After a few more headache inducing seconds the alarms finally stopped, making both Jia Hyson and Bebe give sighs of relief. This new alarm system... it was really too cruel.

"Bebe how many times did it ring?"

"Nine times," Bebe counts, "This should mean this Worldbreaker is relatively skilled. They've managed to get in and out of at least nine worlds so far."

Jia Hyson was a little surprised. Nine worlds was a long time after all. "So what is a Worldbreaker? It's like a bug?"

Bebe also was surprised. It only knows the general basics from friends but essentially when a Worldbreaker is born they start relatively weak making them at their most vulnerable yet at the same time difficult to detect. It's the same as asking a satellite to locate a mite on an ant. Impossible. However the more worlds destroyed the more power they gain and the more attention they gather. Usually by the fourth or fifth world would ninety-eight percent of Worldbreakers be eliminated. Nine worlds was really quite rare unless the previous worlds all had weak energy.

"No it's not a bug. A bug is like a genetic mutation, a glitch in the system that is more or less unavoidable. For example a cannon-fodder character getting a second chance at life when they weren't supposed to, someone accidentally remembering their past life, a ghost possessing a main character, or a mistake in the reincarnation cycle resulting in an unwanted transmigration. If bugs are accidents, Worldbreakers are intentional murderers."

Jia Hyson suddenly gets it. He's read many quick transmigration stories and a common trope was a host that is wronged by a system and somehow changes their fate- usually through some clearly OP hacking skills- and must alter the course of fate in various worlds to gain enough power to break free. "Worldbreakers are rogue hosts?!"

If Bebe could it would nod. As expected, Host may constantly hold nothing but evil and dirty thoughts in his mind but he wasn't an idiot. "Correct! As you know there's always going to be some rogues and criminals around. A Worldbreaker is a shitty ungrateful host who couldn't take the stress of their job and essentially murdered their cute life partner system, stealing their energy in the process. After that they will continue taking different world's energy by disrupting the story negatively, stealing the blessings of protagonists or altering the fate of the world."

Interesting, this is really similar to the stories this time. "What about rogue systems?" He asks curiously. Those were also quite a common trope. It gave justification for hosts to attack and destroy them.

"That's a little different," Bebe explains, "That's called a Worldhacker. A Worldhacker is a poor system who was no longer satisfied living the hard life of a system and rebels."

Jia Hyson: '...' why do I feel that someone is being particularly biased in these explanations?

Bebe makes an embarrassed coughing sound, "Well, unlike Worldbreakers who only have one path to their goal, Worldhackers have multiple and are much harder to detect compared to Worldbreakers. For example if they find a bug first or a cannon fodder character with decent spiritual energy to absorb they can latch onto them and called themselves a Counterattack System or something, using them as an intermediator to absorb more energy by making them do tasks. A more common low-key Worldhacker crime is stealing a percentage of their host's points for themselves, increasing the prices of the shop items and forcing the host to buy many things in order to quickly earn energy."

"That..." The first example was very typical but those last crimes.. "Isn't that just white collar crime?"

"White collar crime is still crime," Bebe says seriously, "Besides, points are super essential to hosts, by stealing them they reduce the host's survivability in harder worlds and indirectly cause their death."

"Oh, that makes sense," it was a little unreal imagining systems doing these sort of things though. Like it makes sense. But still. It felt rather petty ah. "So what happens next?"

"This," Bebe pauses and suddenly Jia Hyson had a very, very bad feeling. "Well, the generally once a Worldbreaker enters the world the closest hosts must drop their original missions in order to focus on eliminating the target."

Jia Hyson froze. "Excuse me?" He asks in a 'You better be shitting me or I'll kill you,' tone. Drop the mission? The mission he BURNED ALIVE for? He's been a fucking ghost for thirty fucking years for this mission! And they want him to drop it?!

Sympathetically, Bebe could only whisper, "Destroying the world breaker is the most important task, it is the priority, the original aim becomes secondary."

Jia Hyson: '...Bebe, what the fuck.' He suddenly felt like crying.

This sort of feeling, like a good wife who spent so much time and effort on arranging her beloved husband's birthday party only for it to be canceled the day before because the husband ran off with his secretory... really too hard to bear.

Bebe: '...I am so sorry QAQ'

Unable to momentarily control his emotions his hair like violent tendrils of living shadows spread across the room, crushing and breaking everything in sight. Because it covered the room the sound of destruction was muffled under all that hair. He had never been so angry!

How can he be so unlucky?! Out of all the worlds the Worldbreaker went to, to destroy it- eh?

Out of all the worlds...

"Wait." Jia Hyson slowly retracts his hair until it reverts back to its normal waist length and silky form. Bebe silently breathes a sigh of relief. If it's host really lost control of the abundant negative energy inside himself and went on a rampage there weren't many forces here that could solve an enemy as strong as him.

"But if a Worldbreaker comes to this world and tries to change it... isn't that like a home wrecker trying to destroy a marriage between a divorced couple?" Jia Hyson asks. His job as a Beta system host is to change the world plot. Not only that, it's a change that has been given the stamp of approval by the System world, the Story World and potentially the author gods themselves which allows him to so easily alter the fate of the protagonists without too much backlash from the will of the higher beings. In short, if a Worldbreaker came to take the fate of the story or the protagonist into their own hands there would be nothing to steal!

After a second of thought Bebe also felt a little strange. "That, that seems to be the case!" It exclaims. It couldn't be blamed for it's ignorance, there were very few systems that could offer the same unrestricted freedom as a Beta system even in the Design sector.

For example a Villain Reformation system- the main goal is to reform the villain who had ended up either too OP, overstepped their bounds, and-or completely destroyed the world. Therefore things like blackening the hero, causing more negative impacts than good, ruining a righteous sect that had been a strong pillar of righteousness without substituting for another equally strong pillar to balance out the good and evil of the world... Totally taboo outcomes for the host. Insta-fail.

But a Beta-system didn't have that sort of problem. As long as the story is good who cares if the hero dies? Who cares if the world is destroyed and the bad guys stay bad? If the ratings are high the world can burn for all they care, they have other systems to clean up the aftermath!

In a reality with an infinite amount of worlds that is constantly growing in number there are also an infinite number of systems and hosts to try do their best to keep them all in check. The Beta system is so fucking rare they can only be counted in the double digits. There really hasn't been a case of a Worldbreaker having the fortune to bump into one of them. And it had to be his perverted host ah. Really.. too fortunate.

Getting a bit excited Bebe searches up any similar Worldbreaker cases on System Searchers, the system search engine equivalent of Google, and quickly found some relevant points of information, "Bebe checked, there's really no cases of a Worldbreaker contacting a Beta Host. However! From the systems in the Design sector they say that if the Worldbreaker enters midway through a changing plot, things become very difficult due to the feedback loop of time. This is because there's a strong chance that the information they would receive about the story world at that point is the revised story line."

Jia Hyson raises an eyebrow at that, he quite liked parallel universes and time travel theories, especially in stories so he more or less swiftly grasped what was being implied. "Are you saying that if world A, thanks to the host's efforts, manages to change and stabilize the story line it will become world B, then the Worldbreaker who entered in such a vulnerable time could either receive world A or B's information then?"

"Yes. Generally if the host failed to alter much of the story the Worldbreaker would get A's storyline but if the host was already making big waves at that point the Worldbreaker will have at least a 93.2% chance of getting world B's storyline instead."

Jia Hyson clicks his tongue. That's quite a scary thing ah, the more competent the host was at their job the more disadvantaged they could be if a Worldbreaker crashes the party. At best they'll be at more or less equal playing grounds but it would imply the host may not lack the skills to do much in the first place since they couldn't influence a change in the world. This reflection of skill doesn't count for basic system hosts who only have to act out a role of course.

At worst though the host could be up against someone that knew their future actions or at the very least the general consequences of the world that even the host will not know due to the butterfly effect they caused. Foresight is a formidable weapon that cannot be looked down upon. And because Worldbreakers are criminals constantly on the run, they'll have more experience fighting hosts than the hosts should have fighting Worldbreakers, so even having no advantage is a big disadvantage to hosts.

"But this Worldbreaker came before the story started, doesn't that mean.." Jia Hyson smiles unpleasantly, "doesn't that mean they're stuck with the original story then?"

Bebe 'hehe'-ed. "The possibility of that is indeed 96.6% positive."

Even though Jia Hyson had a higher affinity for more violent means and had done some less than... normal things in his life, he had never fought in a battlefield, he never strategized any big attacks, never seriously learnt any martial art skills or had the intellect to plot the downfall of a business. All the things he did could be said to be quite simple and direct, using stories to passively aggressively vent against people, using seduction to manipulate, play around and bully people, occasionally sneaking around to go do immoral things that may or may not be definitely against the law...

The point is, Jia Hyson could at most be on the level of a slightly psychotic small time serial killer with a surprisingly large influence. Confronting enemies in a one on one manner, only striking when he's confident he can get away with it and for less serious cases he will play with the attitude of 'we'll cross that bridge when it comes to it'. While it has its benefits that sort of manner also has a lot of weaknesses, something he was very much aware of.

If it was any other situation, Jia Hyson would not be confident enough to fight a Worldbreaker. A Worldbreaker is an ex-host that went rogue so presumably the Worldbreaker had gone through some serious shit. Even if they used to be from a cannon-fodder system one could not look down on them. Stories are infinite, with so many genres and themes and variations a cannon-fodder character can be a king, a warrior, a genius- after going through so many worlds and picking up so many skills it is easy to determine how dangerous a Worldbreaker really is.

However, this wasn't any other situation. This was a situation that had literally all the cards stacked in Jia Hyson's deck. Jia Hyson had the blessing of the world to change its fate and had not done that mission injustice. This wasn't a few minor fixes and personality changes, this was a whole goddamn new horror story!

Ramping up the power of the ghosts to extremely high levels, converting a supporting lead character into a killer, heck he even has the law enforcement on his side thanks to Li Guiren! Meanwhile the Worldbreaker has no such blessing, they had no reliable information about anything but most of the main cast's backgrounds and personality. Not to mention they would have to do their best to not do anything too drastic to draw too much attention lest they receive some sort of backlash from the story world. It's similar to why many QT counterattack stories have the rule that the counterattacker could not directly kill the protagonists these children beloved by the author god.

If the Worldbreaker is a ghost character in the demon house Jia Hyson can just suppress them to death with the other ghosts. If the Worldbreaker is a human, well, hehe, Jia Hyson can just suppress them to death with the other ghosts!

Suppress! Suppress until they drown from choking on their own blood!

"Hahaha," Jia Hyson laughs evilly, "Aiyah, you really frightened me before Bebe but it turns out it's not such a big deal! Inform your boss that I'll continue my original mission, my aim was to produce a bad ending anyway so it perfectly coincides with killing off this Worldbreaker."

"Hohoho," Bebe also laughs villainously, "You're right host, you are absolutely right! We may not have the experience but we have the power! Let's crush them all! Wipe them out! There shall be no intact corpses once the dawn breaks!"

"That's the spirit!" Jia Hyson crows. He suddenly remembers another very important aspect of facing something like Worldbreakers in stories, "Don't forget to request compensation to your superiors as well! It's already a Skill Upgrade world and now a Worldbreaker has come, the points we earn from this place need to be very good right!?"

Bebe at this point was so excited it was like it was injected with chicken blood. It hadn't even thought of the points! Skill Upgrade worlds already garner a lot of points especially if the worlds had a certain percentage of danger like this one should have, a Worldbreaker's presence is dangerous but they were valuable, instantly doubling the point worth of a Host's reward plus extra depending on their assessed level of difficulty. Ah, ah, wouldn't this turn out to be one of the most valuable missions it had ever accomplished if they pulled this off?

This, this is really.. too amazing!

...

The Worldbreaker nibbles on a strawberry, enjoying the tart flavor. It's been three lifetimes since he enjoyed fresh produce. An apocalyptic world, an intergalactic warzone with only nutrient solutions and poisonous zerg and a dark fantasy world where he had to play a necromancer's fucking summoned wraith.

He had to admit he had been doubting his luck for a while, but now.. he chuckles softly as he reads the storyline. "Aiyah, even though it says horror this is really... it's really going to be too easy."

Reaching for another piece of fruit he murmurs thoughtfully, "All I have to do is give those pathetic excuse of ghosts a bit of a boost and I can kill them all in one feel swoop! Those damn ghosts will have a decent amount of spiritual energy to absorb as well, they'll get me a lot of points hehe." With only some careful calculations he had more or less determined the easiest and effective solutions. Nodding decisively he quickly decides his plan of action, to his credit he really deserved to manage to live through as many worlds as he did with no help from the system world. "Tomorrow I'll go to this, ugh, demon house and see if I can.. negotiate."

He reads the terrible story again, finding it more and more appealing to the eye the more he reads through the badly written plot.

Worldbreaker: 'Hahaha! Kill them all! For the points!" ()

Bebe: 'Hahaha! Kill them all! For the points!' ()

Jia Hyson: 'Hahaha! Kill them all! For the points!' ()




The next day in school a confrontation happened.

Despite being 'unpopular', Zhao Xuefeng was really well known by the student body. Which is, like, exactly what popular means but what fucking ever. He'll just note that plot hole in his notebook and tell the author to either make him popular but in a school filled with small hearted people or make him a delinquent with a heart of gold type with a crude and straightforward sense of justice which both repulses and attracts many people.

For now though Jia Hyson will just grit his teeth and ignore it even though he loathes the whole 'he was just an average boy with average looks and low popularity but somehow is beloved by a thousand beauties' trope. Like yeah he gets it's meant to immerse the readers into being more in tune to the character and many people love that sort of thing but ugh, Jia Hyson prefers the author to either make a good believable excuse or just straight up say that they were cute okay?

Jia Hyson: 'There's no such thing as a plain person, there's ugly, attractive and cute.'

Bebe: 'That's actually really nice-'

Jia Hyson: 'And I am willing to fuck them all.' (.)b

Bebe: '...'   Hehe this guy should go burn to death a second time.

Li Daguo however held a more straightforward simple character design that Jia Hyson did not dislike. He was rich. He was handsome. He was athletic but not too smart. He was hot tempered and a bit too crude to be endearing. A textbook example of a cannonfodder bully. His bully friends were more or less the same in this standard to varying degrees.

For example, Chu Mei, Li Daguo's girlfriend, is what one would get if you mixed Nalan Chyou and Ming Bo up. That is to say she's a rich white lotus bitch with relatively low IQ. The only way one could figure out who she was from the others is that her boobs were honestly massive. Not even Chinese standards of big, they were like triple D's at least. It was frankly a little amazing they were real since she didn't have any foreign blood in her and Tian Shun who have seen her parents pick her up from school, swears her mother is flatter than pancakes.

Surprisingly she wasn't the slutty cheerleader stereotype of that group. That title undoubtably belonged to a girl named Wu Xiaoli, a very pretty lass with pouty lips, long lashes and legs that go for miles. In the original story she had a secret crush on Zhao Xuefeng and tried multiple times to get him to abandon his ragtag friends- who were all very attractive and popular in their own rights thinking about it- but of course as the protagonist how could he? This made Wu Xiaoli awfully jealous of Ming Bo and Nalan Chyou and that resulted in... well absolutely nothing because most of the 'plot' happened in the house where the bullies were not.

When Jia Hyson read this in order to refresh his memory he was tempted to see if he could be one of those modern day techno-ghost who can posses social media and murder this shitty author who couldn't even cannonfodder correctly. Wu Xiaoli could have been a redeemable decent piece cannonfodder! She had good feelings for the protagonist and a somewhat typical but still moving backstory for why she was so sexual and stereotypically slutty.

Jia Hyson: 'Spoiler alert: It was hardcore daddy issues and a shitty first love.'

Bebe: 'Are we talking about the origins of Wu Xiaoli or my shitty Host here?'

Jia Hyson: 'Wow low blow.'

Jia Hyson: '...But touch.' Except it was more like he was the shitty first love but, semantics.

Anyway, other than Li Daguo there were three other males. Zhu Xiaosheng, a middle-upper class intellectual who most likely uses bullying as a way to vent his repressed feelings caused by his grade-obsessed parents. Zeng Hai, a straight up delinquent who has a puppy dog loyalty to, and only to, Li Daguo who once defended him from being wrongly accused of cheating and avoided expulsion. And then lastly there was Luo Qiu, someone who used to be a star athlete with a dream of taking over his family's small mixed martial arts dojo but due to an unfortunate incident can only beat up other people to feel better about himself.

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: '...'

Even though they were only given a few lines in the whole story and their backgrounds were only summarized in even less sentences, when compared with the average-popular, justice-loving yet weak protagonist, the pure white lotus rich miss love interest, the tsundere female supporting lead and the nerdy occultist male supporting lead... don't they seem like better main characters than the actual main characters? They may have acted like scum but it seems like they had depth- a trait more important in a character than any good personality.

It was a good thing Jia Hyson had decided to go for quantity over quality in his plan. Even though more people could make the less attentive readers more confused, the characters that have the power to stand out will inevitably do so in such an environment. Like panning for gold, the more dirt you pull out the higher the chances to find riches.

Bebe: 'Host that is such an old metaphor, it's like you really belong in this timeline ah.'

Jia Hyson: 'One, that was a simile you uncultured swine, and two, if you imply I'm old again I will do nothing but masturbate in my next life, story or no story.'

Bebe: '...You just want an excuse to shove something up your ass.' Bebe doesn't have anything against homosexuality much less bisexuality but this flaming piece of bi garbage really was too disgusting.

Jia Hyson: '...no.' I want a new system. This one knows me too well.

Anyway, the confrontation happened as a result of what most high school confrontations happened as a result of. That is to say, over a pretty face. Namely Tian Shun's.

To be fair his face was awfully pretty.

Between the pair of them, Jia Hyson and Tian Shun had agreed on a vague plan of attack to convince many people to come to the demon house. First he had casually expressed interest in the occult and supernatural to both peer groups. Hao Fan, the goth nerd, caught the bait easily and they quickly became much closer despite his initial cold hostility and envy toward Tian Shun. It quickly spread that Tian Shun liked the supernatural and horror, making every guy think he was cool and edgy, and every girl think him a handsome idol with an irresistible brooding dark side.

Jia Hyson: Sigh 'It doesn't matter what world one goes to, face value will always be higher than the value of gold.'

However it really could be seen how influential Tian Shun was in the school despite being there for only a short few weeks. As a result of this piece of news, there had been a spike of interest toward anything even remotely spooky. Zhao Xuefeng and his friends took advantage of this interest to monopolise more of Tian Shun's time. Even though other than Had Fan none of them held too much of an interest toward the subject, for the beauty they could easily learn ah-

Li Daguo and his gang, seeing their new friend spending so much time with the people he had insisted were just losers, started feeling an unprecedented sense of crisis and also joined in the trend in order to coax Tian Shun back.

Therefore, when the two groups met in the middle of the hallway... confrontation.

"Zhao Xuefeng," Li Daguo spits out as he catches sight of him. Before he had never liked the nosy, self-righteous idiot. It was already bad enough that he had two girls clinging to his side with his goody-goody 'I'm just an average guy, I don't realise I've got two hotties drooling over my nonexistent abs' shtick but ever since he had gotten all stuck up about being Tian Shun's best friend he had become particularly repulsive to the eye. "What are you doing in this part of the school? You're too stupid to be here with the students on the advanced track," He sneers at the three follows, "All of you."

Nalan Chyou gave the bullies a look filled with frustrated grievances while she held back a spitting mad Ming Bo. Hao Fan clenched his jaw and fists as he glared at Li Daguo but also didn't say anything. It was true after all. While at the very least Nalan Chyou was quite intelligent she wasn't gifted and Hao Fan's grades didn't reflect his intelligence well due to his slacking and disinterest in class subjects so none of them had any need to come to the area of the school designated to host special classes for children with a high enough grade or some other speciality like athletics or acting.

Zhao Xuefeng however in contrast lifts his head up defiantly, "Picking up Shun from his advanced calculus class," his cool response garnered appreciative and blushing looks from Nalan Chyou and Ming Bo.

Zhu Xiaosheng, the cruel intellectual, pushes his glasses up and smirks, "Shun is it?" He asks in a deceivingly mild tone with a hint of mocking, "You sound so very... close. Tell me, does Tian Shun know you call him that?"

Zhao Xuefeng flushes, he hadn't meant to say his name so intimately it's just... it had slipped out. Forcing his bashfulness down his temper flares up to compensate, "W-we're friends! This afternoon we're all going to watch a horror movie with Shu-Shun so you guys can just scram!"

Li Daguo's eye twitches. This damn fool really thinks the world revolves around him. How irritating. "Really? But us and Tian Shun have already made plans to go over to my place. My uncle is a collector of rare things and he offered to show us some geniune relics from the exotic lands." The truth was he hadn't made any plans with Tian Shun but with the way his eyes lit up over that old 'cursed' book he gave him from his uncle's collection, Li Daguo was confident he would say yes anyway.

"So what?!" Ming Bo rebuts loudly with derision, "Brother Xuefeng waited an hour in line just to buy the midnight premiere tickets to surprise Brother Tian!"

Nalan Chyou nodded like a chick pecking on rice, "Yes! Yes! Xuefeng is very kind and considerate especially to Tian Shun who is still new to the place. Li Daguo please be understanding,"

Zeng Hai the delinquent was unmoved by Nalan Chyou's fairy like looks and sweet pleas, snarling he gives the opposing group an annoyed look, "Do you think Brother Daguo's Uncle is easy to get ahold of? Even this Laozi who has been over at my good brother's almost everyday for four years can only catch sight of that old man twice!"

Li Daguo glares lightly at Zeng Hai but doesn't argue or chide him for his words making the scary delinquent grin like a happy husky. Chu Mei, Li Daguo's girlfriend also doesn't hesitate to defend her man. "You guys are too narrow-minded!" She complains with a pitiful look that would move many men as long as it was not compared to Nalan Chyou's own pleading expression. "Even celebrities wait in line and yet you make Zhao Xuefeng sound like he climbed the face of a cliff! Just because he did something slightly difficult does not make our plans less important!"

Wu Xiaoli, the slutty one, looked torn for a moment. She was fond of her friends but she really liked Zhao Xuefeng and felt herself ache at his embarrassed and enraged expression, "Guys, why don't we just join them at the movies?" Her voice sweet and soothing like a cold vanilla milkshake, it was a voice born to coax men and women alike, "I know the handsome uncle who runs the place, I'm sure he'll give us some tickets, he always saves a few in case."

"You would," Ming Bo sneers with disgust. She looks down on girls like Wu Xiaoli the most.

"Oh don't act like you're on such a high horse," Chu Mei snaps, "At least Xiaoli has never panted at her best friend's man like some horny bitch!"

"Wha- as if I would!!" Ming Bo's face goes red with indignation and embarrassment, her eyes shift guiltily to Nalan Chyou's exquisite face of concern and Zhao Xuefeng's handsome face that wasn't even looking at her. She felt annoyed at the lack of attention by her secret love and couldn't help but let her poisonous mouth open, "Like I would want some piss poor idiot with no parents! I only hang out with him because sister Chyou pities him a little, why else do you think we're still with him? I, I have better tastes than that!"

Nalan Chyou and Hao Fan sucked in a cold breath and Ming Bo instantly felt remorse. "Ming Bo!" Nalan Chyou scolds.

Ming Bo flushes but her high pride made it difficult to apologize, especially in front of so many people. She lowers her head and stays silent in response. If Jia Hyson was there he would have wanted to slap her for being so annoying.

Honestly, once you reached the point of dismembering the bowels of a trespassing young lady who thought it was a good idea to try graffiti a haunted house- like come on, out of all the ways you can act rebellious- and then coloring the viscera with all the colors of the rainbow with the graffiti spray, the concept of men shouldn't hit ladies kind of becomes very unimportant in the grand scheme of things. Jia Hyson was very pro-gender equality. Regardless of whether one is a guy or a girl, he and his other ghostly friends will murder them if they muck around in their ghost house. Of course some ghosts there do have bias, preferring to kill men over women and vice versa. Luckily there were many ghosts so it's not like there were many issues with the matter anyway.

Actually, it's a wonder why the demon house hasn't been completely demolished and drowned in holy water at this point. With the amount of suspicious and brutal deaths it certainly warranted it. Plot reasons most likely. Also stupid people. And, hehe, corrupt law enforcement. Li Guiren really did well in that aspect. If Jia Hyson physically could he would have definitely tried a relationship with him if he had known.

Even though Jia Hyson didn't think he was capable of giving much romantically, he had affection for only two people in this lifetime and in terms of that alone Li Guiren would have been the clear winner. Li Guiren is loyal, competent, trustworthy and more importantly Jia Hyson has a better understanding of his personality than Tian Shun's currently. And it helped that his mature looks were especially to his tastes. Mnnn... those well defined muscles... that slight stubble he gets in the morning that Jia Hyson could imagine scratching against his skin... the streaks of silver starting to show in his hair which gave him a distinguished and sexy older man look... (   )

Bebe: '...Host. You're drooling.'

Back to the matter at hand, the two groups began to bicker and argue. Tian Shun hadn't learnt nothing from the boarding school experience straight from hell, his mental state and his insight in other people's mentalities was naturally very good. He had spread the seeds of discord subtly, viciously and far too easily between the two already rather hostile groups as well as given them a need to impress and wow him.

To the people in both groups Tian Shun was an existence clearly above them. As the male supporting lead playing the 'cool one' his looks were superior to most which already gave him a big advantage. His attitude was cool but not cold, polite but still edgy and held a distinct scent of attractive danger that made it easy to lure in these teenagers looking for small thrills and a way to feel special. And Tian Shun was also intelligent in both studies and current trends. Plus, his family background was decent, even the richest parents must show respect to Li Guiren's high standing in law enforcement.

Humans were social creatures with many complex views about individuality. One view is that the quality of the group reflects the quality of the individual. Having a person in the group with impressive credentials will make the others who had managed to befriend such a person seem more impressive as well. Whether objectively or subjectively, Tian Shun was clearly someone that people would want to be with in any shape or form.

For students who are currently at their most sensitive about these sort of social hierarchies and insecurities Tian Shun was either an addicting drug or a golden ticket. Either way, they were incredibly receptive to his subtle hints and subliminal messaging and the conclusion of the whole confrontation ended up more or less exactly as Tian Shun had wanted. Even Jia Hyson could not have manipulated these teenagers as well.

"You know what," Zhao Xuefeng steps forward toward Li Daguo angrily, "Fuck you! You say all this shit but we both know that you're just faking it all just to impress Tian Shun! Tian Shun deserves better than making friends with a bunch of lying bastards!" He accuses full of righteousness.

Li Daguo snorts, "Even if he deserves better than hanging out with us, we both know he certainly deserves better than hanging out with you people. Who says it's a crime to learn to like new things? Besides, isn't that the pot calling the kettle black?" He sneers, "Hypocrite."

He turns around with his posse, unwilling to let Zhao Xuefeng have the satisfaction of the last word, "End of this week is Tian Shun's birthday, I'll throw a party at the infamous haunted murder house on the edge of the forest, the one past the monastery." Li Daguo announces loudly, "It'll be the biggest party of the year, everyone is invited, even you fools." Li Daguo glances back with a smug look, "If you have the courage anyway."

Zhao Xuefeng clenches his fists. Those guys were truly terrible. He needs to find a way to reveal their true colors to Tian Shun.

...

Four days later many people in the upper school years were abuzz at the end of week party at the infamous haunted house. Juniors were interested in boasting about partying in such a forbidden place. Seniors were interested in showing off how little they cared in front of the cute juniors. The girls were interested in both the thrill and letting loose.

Of course there were a lot of people who were either too wary, too dismissive or too uninterested to go. These were the people with some common sense, survival instinct or the introverts. Jia Hyson would definitely have been all three. Like damn no matter how cool it was or how unreal ghosts were in his origin world he would never go to a well known haunted house at night like what, for one thing no, for another, hell no, and lastly, he is way too lazy to get out of bed at that hour.

Fuck he misses sleeping. Just a few more days and then it'll finally be over. Like hell he was staying around after the plot ends, he has no lifespan okay? What was he going to do, wait until a protagonist with super exorcism skills comes along to finally end his life? Haha yeah fucking right.

His ability to empathize was at zero after so many years as an evil wraith who wracked up negative energy like nobody's business and his ruthless practicality was sharpened like the blade he once gutted a young monk up like a fish with. The only attachments he held of this world are Li Guiren and Tian Shun but with [Psychotic Break] having recently leveled up to level 12, the attachment is relatively shallow at best. Like well loved childhood toys, they were dear to him and he cherished them but ultimately they were not worth his prolonged suffering.

Both men seemed to sense this a while back somehow and the closer the plot was about to begin the stickier they became. A tentative truce was formed between them. They even stopped accusing each other of physical assault and violation in order to maximize snuggle time.

Well that wasn't true.

More like they stopped getting into big arguments and started sabotaging behind the scenes in order to maximize their snuggle time. Li Guiren couldn't actually snuggle Jia Hyson but the way he gazes longingly at Jia Hyson when they spend time together definitely felt like a really strong, choking embrace so it was close enough.

Jia Hyson's gaydar hasn't been in the best condition for a while now as seen by his previous surprise with Drake and Monroe, and now Li Guiren and Tian Shun. But he's not completely stupid in the emotional intelligence department okay? He can clearly see Li Guiren and Tian Shun were fighting and they were totally willing to kill each other for him. Which would be incredibly upsetting if Jia Hyson could feel that emotion clearly again.

Honestly, if he wasn't in such a messed up love triangle in the first place he probably wouldn't have considered leaving so quickly. He may not have much heart left but it was still there! But his presence in the household is corrupting, and not just because he's an evil ghost who promotes negative emotions with his aura. Even if he did choose to stay after the plot in order to accompany the pair to the end of their lives he's afraid with the way they're going he wouldn't have to accompany them for long anyway.

Bebe: 'Bebe has to agree, those two are psychos. Bebe doesn't even know how Tian Shun managed to get so many different types poisons!' To be fair, this was the sort of horror story world that didn't give too much sense to their inhabitants. And Tian Shun had the sort of popularity now that could make many daughters and sons whose parents have a medical slash horticultural background want to die for him. The math was fairly easy to add up but a little harder for the police to prove.

Li Guiren at least didn't ingest much of the poisoned meal, spitting it out and forcing himself to vomit after his second bite. Unfortunately there was a lot of different poisons in there, clearly someone was going quantity over quality, and Li Guiren had to be rushed to the hospital to get his stomach pumped.

In retaliation, Li Guiren may have or may not have framed Tian Shun for minor criminal activities such as shoplifting, and not so minor activities like drug pushing and attempted murder, which resulted in a few overnight stays in a jail cell he may or may not coincidentally share with various violent slash drunk slash high criminals that may or may not have been given suggestions to rough the pretty boy up a little.

It was all very fucked.

...Jia Hyson kind of likes it. ()

It was honestly unfortunate he was impotent- even Tian Shun's special constitution couldn't change his limp noodle, a fact that he can't help but mourn every goddamn day- because it would have been really fun to throw some possessive hardcore jealous yandere sex into the chaos as well.

Sometimes at night when everyone was sleeping he would imagine himself being tied up on a bed with chains, no, binding talismans, getting brutally fucked into the mattress by Li Guiren while a tied up Tian Shun is forced to watch on the floor. The embarrassment of being watched by a younger man who adored you get defiled by his hot mature father, the way Tian Shun would probably seethe in wrathful envy and hatred but be unable to restrain his base desires, growing aroused at the sight of his crush groaning and moaning as he takes in the large cock like the slut he is. Li Guiren would fuck him hard, oh god yeah, he would fuck him so hard, the years of pent up desire building up for this very moment. He wonders if the small dumpling he had raised would call him a dirty two-faced bitch, tell him he has such a slutty body, always teasing them like a whore, maybe force him to spread his legs and expose everything to their voyeur... fuck that would be so hot! Of course, he wouldn't mind if it was the opposite way round as well ah. Being forcibly pinned down by a much younger man was also a very stimulating feeling too- 

Bebe: '...' Disgusting. These psychos deserve each other. It's all so abusive. Bebe hopes they play each other to death.

Anyway, there wasn't much to say other than the two men were getting clingier. Jia Hyson just wanted to point that out to anyone who thought that him being impotent would lead to a ruined sex life. Which. It does. But the fact is he has two hot guys sabotaging each other for him and that clearly means that he's doing something something okay.

Bebe: 'Does it really?'

Jia Hyson: 'Do you have two attractive systems chasing after you?'

Bebe: '...no.'

Jia Hyson: 'Hmph, that's what I thought hehe!'

Bebe: '...' Fucking bastard.

...

Friday evening the demon house was filled with a life that it hadn't had for so long. Arguably ever. At least over sixty students were present, the average age was seventeen and the average alcohol content in their body was enough to make them tipsy at the very least. It was easy to say that Li Daguo did a great job and it was probably not far off to say it is the biggest party of the year for these teenagers.

However as the sun went down it was inevitable that a few of the younger and weak hearted ones wanted to go home. The yin energy in the house could now be one of the most spiritually rich in the region, maybe in all of China to be honest, and even through the warm haze of alcohol there will always be some people that can sense this chilling wrongness.

Of course there are also some people who would ignore their instincts because let's be honest, people get anxiety a lot, it's easy to dismiss their odd feeling to that or other things. It can be called stupid in hindsight but in the moment, a spark of fear can easily be extinguished by ignorance. One can only shake their head and say it's a pity. So before midnight came only a few people left, dragging some of their reluctant friends or roommates back with them leaving around fifty to sixty people left including the main cast and bully characters who were more like Tian Shun's lackey characters to be honest.

Jia Hyson who was watching it all invisibly with the rest of his ghostly crew couldn't help but salivate a little. The turnout was really greater than expected, there were even some outsiders who came to join the fun. That Worldbreaker working in the background did not disappoint when he offered to serve up a lot of people for them. Xu Xia who was clinging to his arm giggles.

"It's been so long since we had so many friends to play with at the house. I'm so happy!" She beams making the other three basement ghosts shudder lightly. Even though they've more or less made up, it was still hard to let go of the trauma made by that psychotic bitch.

"Don't hog them all to yourself!" The Bullied Schoolgirl pouts cutely, her blood red eyes darkening at the sight of so many teenagers. It was her favourite type of victim. Her gaze especially lingered on the more arrogant looking and extroverted girls.

Jia Hyson pats her on the head making the Bullied Schoolgirl calm down a bit from her excitement, "Aiyah, don't worry there's plenty to go around. You all remember who you should leave till last?"

All the ghosts nod their heads like obedient little children. Even if they couldn't remember they definitely recognised Tian Shun from aura alone, he'll give him a signal if they forget. Everyone was trembling with eagerness, Jia Hyson was no exception. Finally, it will all end tonight.

"Well then," Jia Hyson cracks a wide and sinister looking smile, "Let's get the party started shall we?"




It was two in the morning. The inside of the demon house was a bloodbath. A scene from purgatory. It was hell on earth.

Zhao Xuefeng and Li Daguo ran through the halls now stained red and reeking of blood with the friends they had left. Corpses, viscera and limbs were strewn around the corridor like sprinkles on a really messed up birthday cake. The house was filled with screams of despair and agony but after over two hours they had already become a little desensitized, numb to their own horror.

"That room! I saw it before, it's completely empty!" Li Daguo shouts, pointing at the second furthest room in the hallway.

Energized with the thought of a temporary safe haven everyone began to run even faster. However as they were almost there-

"Ah!" It was Li Daguo's girlfriend Chu Mei. She had slipped in a fresh puddle of blood, her clothes that were already torn and dirty now was irredeemably soaked in blood and stained with meat. However even though Chu Mei was repulsed to tears, she didn't have time to complain.

Because something was currently chasing them.

"Hehe, big sister, big sister, I'm going to catch you!" A child's voice calls out eagerly from a distance that was too close for everyone's liking. "Don't be scared, I won't bite-" the child's voice giggles as if a funny joke was just said however it just gave them all chills at the deceptively sweet laughter, "I'll just kill you!"

Suddenly a bloodied and grotesque looking child appears in tattered clothing. It was hard to even tell it's gender it's appearance was covered in blood and welts and natural mutated disfigurements. It's little red eyes glittered delightedly as it caught sight of the fallen girl, crooked teeth pulled up in a fierce attempt at a smile. "Found you! Found you! Hahaha!" It shrieks.

"Help me!" She cries, her body felt weak all over at the sight of the terrifying child. Chu Mei tries to push herself up but her thin arms were shaking like Bambi learning to walk the first time and she ended up slipping back into the cooled and congealed puddle of liquid. "Daguo!"

Li Daguo hesitates, he was merely a few meters away from a safe room they could barricade themselves in but... "Fuck! Chu Mei I'm coming! Keep trying!" He yells before running toward her.

"Brother!" The delinquent Zeng Hai screams and tries to drag his friend back but Zeng Hai had his arm broken and blackened by fending off the Ink Man and didn't have the strength currently to react fast enough.

"Come on!" Zhao Xuefeng pulls him back, his own friends had already fled to the room, it was just him, Tian Shun and Wu Xiaoli that had stayed behind to see if Li Daguo and Chu Mei could make it.

The ex-athlete Luo Qiu and intellectual Zhu Xiaosheng had already died a cruel and painful death. Luo Qiu was one of the first victims, he had been cocooned and crushed to death by Jia Hyson's hair when the group had unfortunately chosen to hide in the room he was residing. There wasn't even a body left, just a huge puddle of blood that had oozed out of the nightmare black hair and his mangled limbs. They looked like they had been torn and twisted off.

Zhu Xiaosheng tried to do the classic 'I'm better than you fools I deserve to live' backstab by pushing Tian Shun of all people into the clutches of a ghost to save himself. Needless to say, his consequent death was too terrible to even describe.

"Shut up! That's my brother!" Zeng Hai snaps furiously as he tries to break free.

Tian Shun's cold voice then rang out, making Zeng Hai who respected Tian Shun pause, "If you go you'll just hold him back, do you think Li Daguo will be happy if you die for no reason?"

Zeng Hai bit his lips till they turned as bloody as everything else in the house, but his turbulent emotions had already been settled by Tian Shun's logical words and he stopped struggling. Zhao Xuefeng and Wu Xiaoli gave Tian Shun admiring looks though Zhao Xuefeng's own gaze had a hint of heat in it as well.

Zhao Xuefeng couldn't help but want to wrap his arms around the cool gorgeous transfer student. Even though Tian Shun has been acting as their pillar of support the moment this hell had started, acting as the voice of reason and doing his best to try keep them alive and safe, Zhao Xuefeng has been always watching him closer knew that it was taking it's toll. He can see the way Tian Shun's arms shake slightly, his strong hands clenched into pale fists and how his back was tense, ready to jump in and save Li Daguo if needed.

Zhao Xuefeng's heart aches at seeing this strong yet vulnerable Tian Shun. He vows that at the very least, Tian Shun needs to make it out of here alive. And... maybe... if they both survive Zhao Xuefeng could...

"Ahhhh! NOO!" Chu Mei screams as she becomes the rope in a tug of war between her boyfriend and the ghost child. "It hurts! It HURTS!! N-NO! St-AH-p!"

"Chu Mei!" Li Daguo frantically grits out, "Just, just bear with it!"

"S-something is ripping!" Chu Mei was sobbing wretchedly, "Daguo stop! Let, let go! It hurts!"

"If I let go you will die!" Li Daguo roars with reddened eyes. However the ghost child's grip was too strong, Li Daguo can feel his own arms ache from strain.

Tian Shun took this moment to move, running forward he grabbed Chu Mei's arms just as Li Daguo weakened. "T-Tian Shun!" Li Daguo and Chu Mei looked at him with hope in their eyes.

"We can, ungh, do this," Tian Shun grunts as he helps them. Zhao Xuefeng was also running to help them giving the pair even more hope. Li Daguo, with renewed vigor and determination grabbed onto Chu Mei tightly once again while the girl grit her teeth and bore the pain.

However unbeknownst to them, Tian Shun gazed at the child and give three blinks in succession.

The child grins.

Three blinks meant certain death.

With the signal the child did not back down but increased its strength making Chu Mei cry out in agony once more. Zhao Xuefeng wasn't the protagonist for nothing and instead of helping pull Chu Mei he instead used an iron poker he found beforehand to rush up and hit the child with.

The ghost child was very quick witted and immediately turned invisible and intangible. However it was still a young ghost that died an even younger age so it's control was not too good and it accidentally turned all of itself intangible, freeing Chu Mei.

Tian Shun and Li Daguo wastes no time in picking Chu Mei up, each putting an arm around their shoulder and dragging her quickly toward the room.

Zhao Xuefeng spent a few moments blindingly hitting around in hopes of scaring the kid off before running back to the room. Because he was not burdened he quickly moved ahead of them. As he reach the doorway to the room he turned back to encourage the trio to move faster however when he opened his mouth what he yelled was, "D-Drop her!"

Li Daguo and Tian Shun looked confused before instinctively turning to glance at each other in hopes the other understood. But what they saw instead was the madly grinning repulsive face of the child piggybacking on Chu Mei's shoulders. Before they could even respond, the child's small hands placed themselves on the side of Chu Mei's face and sharply twisted her head in a loud violent manner, killing her instantly.

"Ah, ah, aaahhh!" Li Daguo stumbled and fell in shock, his now dead girlfriend falling on top of him as he let go. "Chu Mei! Ch-Chu Mei!"

A soft giggling brushes the back of his ears making Li Daguo tremble with fear, even though he's scared he couldn't help but turn toward the sound. The child's mutilated and mutated face appears so close to his own that their noses almost touched. "Boo!"

Li Daguo screams incoherently, kicking and punching and flailing blindly while Tian Shun does his best to drag him away. The ghost child had disappeared but the echoing of it's laughter lingered hauntingly.

When they close the door to the room Li Daguo begins to sob uncontrollably. "Why," he gasps, "why is this happening?!"

"Shhh!" Hao Fan snaps as he clutches the wound on his side courtesy of the sharp nails from some mad demonic women in a black bridal dress, "What if you attract something over here?"

"I want to go home! I want to go home!" Ming Bo wails suddenly. Ever since the first corpse that hit the ground messily in the middle of the dance floor, Ming Bo, who was 'coincidentally' right in the splatter zone, had not recovered well. The fact she was still alive was truly only due to Jia Hyson's insistence to draw out her suffering. Paranoid, high-maintenance, whiny... She complains and nitpicks people's plans but can't think of one when asked, she forces others to scout out ahead with excuses and emotional blackmail and somehow still has time in all this mess to talk shit about her companion... The more Jia Hyson saw her the more irritated he felt with her character.

And the more irritated he felt... well... hehe..

Ming Bo turns to the still distraught Li Daguo with a resentful look, "This is all your fault! If you hadn't thrown this party we wouldn't be in this mess! You killed everyone here! This is your fault you selfish piece of shit!"

"You bitch!" Zeng Hai curses weakly from where he's laying on the floor against a wall. The blackened arm was festering and the inkiness seemed to be bubbling and growing larger like a curse in physical form. It looked ungodly and painful. Even just swearing made the delinquent look on the verge of death.

"Ming Bo!" Nalan Chyou tiredly scolds but it was clear even she was reaching near the end of her patience with such poisonous dead weight. If they hadn't been best friends for so long and her personality wasn't that of a pure white lotus, Nalan Chyou would have definitely abandoned this girl. "This isn't anyone's fault! It's not Li Daguo's, it's not brother Xuefeng's and it's certainly not mine either!" From her words and frustration in her tone it was easy to see Ming Bo has accused many people during this time.

In the original story no one died. So even if Ming Bo was annoying and did these sort of disruptive and counterproductive things, since the teenagers did not see much consequences, other than a few heated arguments and one or two face slaps for drama, everyone pretty much swallowed their anger and bore with it. However now, people have died. Many people. And most of their bodies were not fit for an open casket funeral. So the stakes were ramped up much higher. And the tolerance for bullshit much lower.

"Don't yell at me!" Ming Bo cries, looking wronged at her friend's irritation, "You- you- don't push your anger on me! Even if we are good friends I will not stand for it!"

Nalan Chyou grits her teeth but ultimately chooses to ignore her in favour of wiping the grime off her body. She held a non-confrontational shy personality to begin with, and she still held soft feelings for her best friend even though the 'quirks' of Ming Bo's personality have long festered into something hard to stand.

However how can Ming Bo take even that? She felt rebuffed, dismissed, and most of all, looked down on. She had always harboured envy and jealousy at her friend who was better than her in every way. Pretty, smart, likeable and was also very close to Zhao Xuefeng. Even though Ming Bo had been hanging out with them for years now, she and Zhao Xuefeng have never gotten much closer. She had long felt that Nalan Chyou is the reason why, after all, Ming Bo has always been so supportive and had to hold back her true feelings because of their friendship.

"What's with that attitude?!" She shrieks, grabbing Nalan Chyou and making her wince, "You've always acted like you're above me, even now! What, can you not be bothered to even speak to the lowly me, is that it?! Fuck, even though I've always been nothing but nice and kind, treating you like my own sister, you take it like it's what you deserve!"

"Ming Bo, shut the fuck up!" Zhao Xuefeng snaps as Nalan Chyou gasps at her friend's ferocity. "For once in your goddamn life, close your mouth and think about what you say before saying it!"

"That's right!" Hao Fan bursts out, "You have been nothing but trouble and even before tonight I've always felt you're the main reason why so many people don't like us at school! You always talk about how you're such a good sister to Nalan Chyou but it's really Nalan Chyou who's been a good sister to y-"

"SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP!" Ming Bo screams, "It's always Nalan Chyou! Nalan Chyou! All you guys care about is her! I'm here too! You're all terrible! So terrible!" She starts to break down into tears however nobody felt very moved toward her anymore.

Really, they couldn't be moved by much in the way of crying pretty girls either way. At this point, tears were the third most common liquid seen around this hell hole, right before blood and urine.

Tian Shun similarly showed no patience for the girl's nonsense. He was the type of cold blooded individual that would do his best to cut down all the unwanted and unnecessary branches of a tree in order to produce the desired shape. Even though his mission is to subtly hinder and abuse these people to near death, his need for efficiency itched to choke this incredible pig teammate to death. "Guys this isn't the time for this!" He raises his voice domineeringly making everyone instinctively look toward him. "Right now, there are people out there that is dead but we, WE, are alive!"

His silver grey eyes slowly move to each and every one of the teens in the room, "We cannot waste time fighting against each other, all that matters right now is that we keep staying alive until dawn when the ghosts will dissipate. The sun should rise in about three hours, Hao Fan, you know the most about spirits, do you have any suggestions?"

Hao Fan shakes his head, "Other than the iron I told you about there isn't much else given our situation- we don't have salt for salt circles that may ward them off and neither do we have herbs or plants like asphodel, argy wormwood... I mean there's a few symbols we can try as well but they have to be written in blood.."

"Then we'll do them," Tian Shun declares. "We have to try our best to get through this. Hao Fan, teach Nalan Chyou, Ming Bo, Zeng Hai and Wu Xiaoli the symbols to cover around this room. For now we shall treat this as the safest place. If the symbols work we can do our best to barricade ourselves here for now, if it doesn't we just run."

"W-we have to use our own blood?" Ming Bo pales, "I-I-I don't want to do that! What if it doesn't work and the ghosts chase after me then?! Why can't you do it?!"

Tian Shun glances at her, grits his teeth before forcibly answering in a calm tone, "Me, Zhao Xuefeng and Li Daguo should go out to look for more iron. It's best we have some more defence and since the Child Ghost dodged Zhao Xuefeng's attack with an iron weapon we can assume that this tactic does work against the bastards."

"Salt..." Li Daguo suddenly says in a hoarse voice. He had been silent since the beginning, his sobbing while full of grief and emotion was brief since he, like everyone else, was too tired and even a little dehydrated due to the strenuous exercise and fear. "There should be salt in the kitchens. When I arranged the part I got caterers and chefs to come here... they are definitely, definitely dead now but the salt and spice containers should still be there."

"Great," Tian Shun nods, "Then we'll try head to the kitchen area while looking for iron. Any problems?"

"Yes," Wu Xioli timidly raises her hand, "If, if the blood sigils don't work and a ghost finds us while you're not here should we have an agreed meeting place?"

Nalan Chyou nods in agreement, "I hadn't thought of that, but how can we guarantee a place is safe beforehand? From what I can tell, other than the Bathroom ghost and the Mirror ghost, all the others can move around pretty freely. The Doll and Toy Soldier can also travel."

Everyone falls silent. This was a very good point.

Tian Shun silently glances at Wu Xiaoli. This girl despite her love history, had strong EQ, good reflexes and was naturally quite logical. He had underestimated her and given her typical archetype hadn't expected her to last as long as she had. Now that she had easily found the biggest flaw in his purposely flawed plan, Tian Shun knew it should be time to kill her off soon.

He inwardly sighs, Wu Xiaoli could have probably made a very good female protagonist character. It's a pity this wasn't going to be that type of story. Not to mention, it was simple to deduce with this opposing argument no one will be willing to split up, making it harder to pick everyone off one by one. "Okay then, why don't we put Hao Fan's blood symbols up in the room first then we all go down to the kitchens? If we split up let's meet back here."

Right before everyone agrees, Zhao Xuefeng quickly adds, "And to make sure no ghost tries to impersonate us, let's have a code word to let the others in!" The main character turns to look at Tian Shun with a proud expression that was begging for praise.

Tian Shun: '...' Can they not give this villain a way to live? Why is it that it feels like everyone seems to have increased their IQ specially for this day?

"I don't want to go out!" Ming Bo protests fearfully, "Why don't we all just stay here and wait for help? Or, or, maybe Zhao Xuefeng stays with us with his iron weapon and you guys just go search."

Tian Shun: '...' Okay, maybe not everyone.

Suddenly Ming Bo seemed a little less displeasing to the eye. To everyone but Tian Shun, she was a pig teammate sent straight from the ghosts themselves, but to Tian Shun who was the traitor actually sent straight from the ghosts themselves Ming Bo could be considered as a godly teammate in the game. Unfortunately she was far too annoying to appreciate.

However, in the end they ended up doing the second plan. Zhao Xuefeng was adamant not to leave Tian Shun's side. Tian Shun was a little surprised. Even if they had become close in the past few months the dependency he felt coming off the protagonist was stronger than expected. He didn't mind it much though. It wasn't anything that would influence his calculations anyway.

...

Hao Fan was the first of the main character group to die. Jia Hyson honestly suspected as much. He was a pseudo-main character. A stand in for Tian Shun. The fact he stayed so long was only to do his part in giving enough information about ghosts and evil spirits and the rumors about this household as well as to confess his love to Nalan Chyou.

The group had separated into pairs inadvertently as they were getting chased by the Black Bride, the Phantom Shadow slash Ink Man, and the Toy Soldier. One would say they were incredibly unlucky but the truth is, Tian Shun had strengthened and focused his yin aura to attract nearby attention.

Hao Fan had blindly dragged Nalan Chyou to a nearby room to hide and after calming themselves, Hao Fan had done the 'death flag' monologue about his life and finally ends with, "I like you, will you let me protect you?" He totally dies seconds after but it's the heroic sort of death, pushing Nalan Chyou out of the way from certain death.

It's really a pity the room he had escaped into with Nalan Chyou held a passing by Jia Hyson who had to sit through that B-list supporting character's rather boring life story. Which took six minutes. He got Bebe to time it.

Jia Hyson: '...  Boy these people are real chatty for people who might die any second huh?'

Giving the child some respect, Jia Hyson decides to give him a terribly brutal death. After all, even though Hao Fan certainly won't appreciate a doll's hair piercing through his abdomen from the back then spreading painfully out inside his body like a parasitic weed, or growing until he becomes so saturated in hair when he opens his mouth to scream the strands of black, silky hair falls out of his mouth like a waterfall or finally bursting apart violently to the point there was no limb still attached to his body... the guy will definitely earn at least three pages worth of screentime for this gory end. Which is like, you know, a pretty good second best to living right?

Bebe: 'The second best thing to living is a clean, painless death you psycho.'

Jia Hyson: '...Third best thing?'

Bebe: 'Host. You can list a million, no, two million better things before 'Death by Parasitic Hair Explosion'. There was a moment there where his skin looked like it was secretly housing all the worms in West China, and when Bebe says worms Bebe means earthworms, tapeworms, snake worms...' Bebe trailed off to make vomiting noises as it recalled the frankly horrific sight. Jia Hyson was unmoved. He even clicked his tongue in annoyance while he carefully and invisibly wiped away the blood splatter on his doll's body.

"Vomit again? You vomit so many times already, aren't you sick of it?" He scolds playfully as Nalan Chyou stumbles out of the room sobbing and very, very traumatised. "I've been fulfilling all of my twisted, depraved bloodlust fantasies for decades against anyone that looks over sixteen and yet you're still so sensitive aiyah,"

"Bebe is sooo sorry Bebe hasn't lost its morality after so long." Bebe dryly replies, "Bebe isn't an abnormal perverted person like Host."

Jia Hyson narrows his eyes, "Weren't you a system for villains for a while? You've must have been in war settings. That's got some messed up shit."

Bebe gives a sigh, "Host, Bebe is going to teach you something right now."

Jia Hyson: '???'

"Death and conflict in life is very normal. You, however, are not."

Jia Hyson: '...'  

What to do? So angry.

He turns to look at the hall outside his room and catches sight of two haggard looking teenagers dragging their bodies by. One of them was wearing silver and the other, blue. The colours were unfortunately very similar to Bebe's preferred colour scheme.

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe, I shall call you Bebe One and Bebe Two.'  'Come, let us play a game-'

The two passerbys: QAQ Suddenly feel incredibly wronged

Bebe: '...'   Must never let Host know that he can purchase a physical form for his system.




Luo Qiu regrets.

He regrets stepping foot into that house. He regrets going along with the group. But most of all...

He regrets underestimating this story world immensely.

What 'weak' ghosts? To think he had even offered to help them so cockily in the beginning! Luo Qiu remembers fishing out a special formation plate he had swiped in a cultivation world which would help keep everyone inside the house and prolong time to show goodwill, thinking that he could easily break out anytime and kill them all anyway.

He was wrong.

He didn't even make it to the end of the first act.

Luo Qiu bitterly laughs in the corner of the room where the Doll Ghost had placed him. He should have sensed something was wrong in the beginning. There were odd changes to the plot. That Hao Fan didn't exist and Tian Shun had turned into a character that mediates between the bullies and the protagonists for some reason. However, he had attributed it to the presence of a Host that had the fortune to come a little earlier than himself. He had been most suspicious of Hao Fan being the host but now... he felt it was not so simple.

He glances down at what was left of his body. His arms and legs had been ripped off inside a cocoon of hair. It was easily one of the most painful and traumatic experiences he had ever had before the wounds were cauterised by the ghost fire of another ghost. The memory was enough to make him break out in cold sweat as the places where his limbs should have been attached to burned and stabbed at his nerves agonisingly.

Luo Qiu closes his eyes in defeat. He's been through the apocalypse, slugged through the slums, taken as a slave. He's destroyed lives, cities, kingdoms. He's lived at the bottom of the sea, joined a fight club, became president and ran one of the biggest intergalactic cults in the Nebulon. The amount of hosts he has fought and near death situation he had came out alive of would impress anyone. To think, this would be how it ends for him. However he couldn't completely blame himself for getting into this dire situation.

These ghosts... were far too perverted!

The Doll Ghost finally finishes flaying alive the two unfortunate people that had been passing by, throwing the chunks of mangled flesh to the side like one would casually toss dirty laundry before floating toward Luo Qiu. Luo Qiu had to admit, seeing the true face behind the doll, even now he was still completely entranced.

This sort of heavenly-standard male beauty with the natural innocence of youth that held a slightly sultry look thanks to those slanting pheonix eyes would fit perfectly as a deity in a painting. However Luo Qiu now knew that this pure white moonlight was actually blacker than anybody inside. It was truly the epitome of a beautiful outside covering up a rotting inside.

Gloomily he stares up at the ghost. The ghost stares back down as well before giving him a soft, tender smile. It was chilling how Luo Qiu could still feel his heart flutter toward this absolute monster.

He recalls the evening the day after he entered this world and had gone to the demon house to speak with the ghosts. This Doll Ghost, Wei, had been the spokesperson for the spirits and Luo Qiu, a man who over time has become more flexible with his tastes, had taken one look at him and all thoughts of negotiating had gone out the window. He just gave and gave and gave. After all, he was a powerful Worldbreaker who had gone through many worlds and collected countless treasures, it was not much to give a few benefits and give a few hints to gain favor of the most beautiful being he had ever laid eyes on. All he asked was for his life and everyone's death.

His eyes redden at the memory of his naive, foolish self. Even if he had always said he wants to die in the arms of a beauty, this was not what he imagined! This beauty had too many heavy tastes!

"Unexpectedly you're still pretty lively," Wei says serenely, sounding pleasantly surprised. "Then again, for a young man like yourself entering haunted houses and going around courting death, one surely must have strong vitality... or stupidity hehe."

'You're stupid! Your whole family is stupid!' Luo Qiu roars in his heart. But objectively he could not argue. After all, to outsiders what he did was indeed stupid. Who would go into a haunted house, ask the ghosts to kill people and even so far as to give them special objects to help them?

Wei cocks his head to the side as if listening to something that can't be heard and suddenly the ghost's eyes dilate, looking down at Luo Qiu with an expression of greed and lust. "I hear Worldbreaker's souls will be completely decimated by the system since your soul energy is corrupted in the process of consuming your system when turning into a Worldbreaker and therefore can't be extracted." Wei casually comments and Luo Qiu's mind explodes.

The system host... was this ghost?!

Fuck! He really ran into the lion's mouth this time!

But then... that doesn't explain the changes in Tian Shun's identity and the presence of Hao Fan... Nor does it explain why every other ghost in this house was also incredibly far more overpowered than described!

Unfortunately Wei was not interested in a villainous monologue which explained everything, instead Wei decided to bring up why he started talking about the topic in the first place. "My System just told me though, that while for systems your soul is useless, and for most other hosts it is less than useless... for a ghost like myself it is, ah, rather, what's the word-?" Red eyes stare into Luo Qiu's. "Delicious."

Luo Qiu pales. Suddenly he wasn't interested in the butterfly effect when there were more pressing matters to think about. "You, you! Aren't you human?! This is cannibalism! We're fellow hosts!"

Wei's pretty face gives him a disdainful sneer, "I'm a ghost. And you're a weird hybrid of human and system. We no longer are the same species." He deadpans, with an 'obviously' deeply implied. "Besides, I literally just tortured and murdered a bunch of innocent teens. Do you really think consuming the energy of a criminal with a top tier soul that apparently tastes like the will to live, will be my bottom line?"

Luo Qiu: '...' Fair enough.

But he was still unwilling to die!

"W-wait! Wait!" He cries out just as Wei floated even closer to him, his heart beating madly in his chest. All he can do now is convince this madman of a host to switch sides and become a Worldbreaker as well. It shouldn't be too hard. This person was clearly a psychopathic maniac. "Aren't you tired being suppressed by the system? Being forced to do its bidding and risking your life and dignity? Having to suffer and die in order to serve as foil for others? And all for what? Rebirth? Reincarnation? A second chance in life?" He talks quickly, desperation to live making his tongue even slicker. "You should join me! Be a Worldbreaker! We have freedom, we can do whatever we want, ruin those who wrong us and jump to the pinnacle of life in each world!" He coaxes, "The points that one usually earns from the system can be forcibly converted into energy for us to absorb, and after conquering so many worlds we can become gods among men! How great does that sound? Maybe, one day, we might be able to earn enough power to break past the shackles and go back to our original lives!"

He talks until he can no longer talk anymore, panting for breath he looks up at Wei hopefully. The ghost had not said a single thing during his rant and actually had a considering look in his eye. Finally Wei opens his mouth to speak.

"What system did you own before?"

Luo Qiu was taken aback by the unexpected question, "System? Um, I had a Male Supporting Lead system, why? You have a Cannon fodder system right?" No matter what angle one would read this story, there was no way the Ghost Doll character can be considered a supporting male lead. Unless there was a Bystander system?

It was understandable Luo Qiu would be confused. The basic Maintenance systems made up around 68% of the systems give or take a few %. Given the infinite number of worlds to take account of, this was a huge amount. Not to mention some other systems like Financial's counter-attack and wish fulfilment systems use a 'clone' world, a copy of the original world, to work in. While that means there's a higher chance of bugs occurring in there, it also means a lower chance of Worldbreakers. Even if Luo Qiu did break out and meet different hosts, it was still a dozen hosts at most. The chances of seeing a specialised host was still incredibly small, at best he might have met someone from the Reconstruction system field which is somewhat similar to a basic system anyway, they just have a bit more firepower in terms of freedom, attack items and so on.

The ghost snickers, derision clear in his red eyes, "I understand, you're quite mistaken about a few things aren't you?"

"Excuse me?" Luo Qiu felt dread form on top of his previous ball of dread.

"You see, I quite like my job." Wei smiles, "I like my system, I like the benefits, I like my safe space and I like the idea that I'm obligated to do whatever I want as long as it benefits the story."

"Obligated to do whatever you want?" he repeats dumbly. "There's such a system job?"

"Mn," Wei nods, "Besides, this is my second world so I hardly feel any built up resentment, certainly not enough to rebel anyway. Very nice speech though, I must say. I'm sure it would have worked on anyone else. Unfortunately you met me. So, well, ah, I suppose this is goodbye then."

"N-no, wait," Luo Qiu whimpers, fearfully, "Wait! No.. I can! I'll give you anything! All my points! Please! No, no, don't come closer, what are you- no, NO, NO, AHHH-!"

...

Jia Hyson couldn't stop smiling, touching his tummy time to time gingerly like a pregnant wife. The gentle warmth, the feelings of happiness, pride, determination, the sour sweet flavor of lemon tart that is a unique flavor to the owner's soul... Bebe was not wrong in telling him that a spirit consuming a Worldbreaker's soul will taste the feeling of satisfaction and life once again.

Worldbreakers had absorbed the power and energy of many worlds making them incredibly potent and strong. It was unfortunate the hybridisation as a result of forcibly fusing a system and a human soul together makes it too hard for the system world to extract the soul for their own purposes but then again if such amazing quantities of energy could be extracted who knows what path the system world could have gone down? Maybe systems would have purposely given hosts bad conditions, encouraging them to rebel, and then once they do they will wait until the pig becomes fat enough to slaughter for their soul energy. Such a thought was rather unpleasant especially when one thinks about all the QT stories that use more or less most of that idea to set up their own plots. Maybe those OP love interests were just traps to lower the hosts' guards and what we don't see as readers is that the so called 'Happily Ever After' is the love interest's programming finally kicking in to cull the host protagonist before moving on to a new unsuspecting rebel. Ooh now that would be a story to write.

Anyway, luckily this wasn't the case and only rare existences like Jia Hyson who happened to be an evil ghost, could truly enjoy this meal.

As a spirit his empathy was lost, his sense of emotions were smothered to the point of nonexistence, the warm feelings of love and happiness only memories he can recall and a constant gnawing emptiness was always present no matter how strong he grew or how much spiritual energy he absorbed.

But after eating Luo Qiu, he suddenly felt a wholeness he hadn't felt for a lifetime. Even though it won't last, he felt almost human. Pale pink tears prick his eyes, a mixture of blood and genuine tears and a longing to see his boys welled up inside him. "Bebe... how long until the feelings fade?"

"A few hours, if you don't do anything too bad it may even last till dawn."

"Haha," Jia Hyson laughs dryly, "You're joking right?" Asking him right now not to do bad things is like asking for him to stop eating donuts. He could totally do it but he ain't gonna.

Bebe: '...' So you can stop doing it but you're too much of a dick to.

"I've still got a few hours to get my fill of being an evil spirit till we go back and murder becomes looked down upon again." Jia Hyson tells his system as he flicks the drained body of the Worldbreaker to the side, next to the small pile of corpses in the corner.

Bebe: '...' Do you mean, 'incredibly illegal'?

"Just let me use your phone function to call Li Guiren, I'll feel terrible if I never end up saying goodbye to him after tonight ah." Before he had barely even thought about the people he was leaving behind, not enough to care too deeply anyway, but now after consuming the soul there was no way Jia Hyson couldn't feel reluctant in his heart. Especially toward Li Guiren who had raised since he was a cute chubby dumpling.

However, instead of answering, Bebe stays silent.

"...Bebe?"

Bebe coughs awkwardly, "Bebe.. may have used up most of the data from our plan."

Jia Hyson twitches. They had bought an upgrade for their universal internet usage which had thrown in a new phone function with it's own plan a while ago. The bundle made them have to pay Xp per month for X amount of GB which was both flexible for them and easy on the wallet. Unfortunately if they exceed the data before the month is up, the extra costs were quite large and you couldn't add more data until the next month. "You bastard, we bought twenty GB worth of data! That comes with a lot of minutes for intra-world communications! It's been less than a week! I knew we should have got seperate plans you damned second generation rich system!"

As expected of an idiot for traded all their skills for a laser cannon. They! Can not! Be! Trusted! With! Money!  

"Bebe didn't think you would find out!" Bebe wails, "You never use the phone!"

"You never use the phone!" Jia Hyson mocks in a high pitched voice, "What were you even doing?! If the answer isn't using all the money on a phone sex line to help you vent your frustrations but you began to slowly fall in love with the person on the other side of the line and now you two are secretly married I'm going to be pissed!"

"No... why would you even... what?"

To be honest Bebe used up most of the data chatting and texting to his various system friends. The data usage isn't too bad if the other systems are also in the system world or technologically advanced worlds but if the world is too primitive like the world Jia Hyson and Bebe were currently in where mobile phones were a fairly new invention, then the usage becomes significantly higher.

Bebe always forgets this little tidbit until a notification popped up warning it the capacity has almost been used up but as said before, Jia Hyson barely uses the phone so it has always gotten away with it till now. And it certainly could not tell it's host that a lot of those minutes used up were spent to bitch up about him.

"Then I'm pissed!" Jia Hyson declares angrily, "How many minutes are left?"

"Uhhhh... Eight minutes?" Bebe meekly replies.

"Bebe..."

"Seven minutes, twenty-eight seconds."

"..." Really want to strangle it. Gritting his teeth he says, "That. Will. Do."

Bebe: '...' Really can never tell host that he can buy a physical form for it.

Taking a deep breath to calm himself he then calls. It takes a minute before Li Guiren picks up, "Hello? Who is this?"

"Xiao Ren," Jia Hyson subconsciously smiles, fondness seeping into his voice. It was probably the first time in decades that Li Guiren had heard such warmth and for a moment he was stunned. Then promptly is overcome with emotion.

"W-Wei?" His deep voice goes rough and wobbly, "You.. what's wrong?"

Jia Hyson chuckles softly, "No, no, nothing's wrong. I just missed you, that's all."

However instead of comforting it seemed to make Li Guiren even more frightened, "You, Wei, please, if it's me, I," There's the sound of harsh breathing through the line, "Wei, don't.. Wei I love you, if, if, you want to be with Tian Shun it's fine, just don't.."

"What are you talking about?" Jia Hyson purposely keeps his tone upbeat but inwardly he was a little worried. Did Li Guiren realise something? But no matter how good a detective he is, he wasn't a mind reader. There was no way he was aware that Jia Hyson was a host. "I just wanted to hear your voice." His tone softens and his heart trembles a little as he thinks about leaving Li Guiren like this, leaving Tian Shun like this, but there really was no future here. The relationship was too toxic and Jia Hyson liked them too much to let it continue. "Li Guiren, in this lifetime you were what kept me sane for so long. Even though I've done nothing but sin when I came back to life, I truly believe raising you was my biggest virtue."

Quietly, but no less genuinely, he tells him, "I love you." His own voice was shaking slightly and Jia Hyson realises that he was tearing up again.

Li Guiren made an ugly sobbing sound, "Wei.. don't you dare leave that house, I'm coming over!" He yells frantically. "I want to see you okay? Promise me!"

Jia Hyson hesitates. Li Guiren isn't supposed to be in the story but he is a policeman. And well. Those are in horror stories a lot and.. Maybe.. "Dawn is in an hour and a half now. Come before then." Currently Li Guiren was on a case the far edges of the opposite side of town. It will be cutting it finely if he can make it but it's all up to fate now.

"I will!" Li Guiren swears determinedly, "You can count on me!"

"I always can," Jia Hyson smiles. He feels much lighter after that call. Even if Li Guiren fails to come, Jia Hyson was satisfied with their last conversation.

Call him selfish that way but he knew that if he hadn't eaten that soul and his soft human side only came back after he left the world he would've been filled with so many regrets about this. So he was happy that he took this opportunity to say what needed to be said. Now all he had left was to go see Tian Shun and do the same before he wrapped up the story.

Maybe this horror story won't have such a bad ending after all.

...

Outside the room in the blood soaked hallway, the silver eyes of a rather bedraggled looking Tian Shun who had been plastered to the edge of the wall by the doorway, flashed darkly with madness and jealousy.

Why?! Why was it always him?!

He touches the satchel he had brought and hidden beforehand in the house, in it was the Book of Curses and he gives a warped smile. This time... this time it will be different. This time, it is finally his turn to be loved.




Even though Jia Hyson has temporarily recovered some emotions, it was fading fast in this household brimming with negative energy that reeked of death and despair. It was like a marshmallow being dunked in warm coke, it wasn't an immediate process but it was certainly melting faster than initially thought. However, he had already told Bebe what he wanted to say to Tian Shun beforehand and asked him to prompt him just in case he ended up forgetting or his apathy found it too inconvenient and unnecessary to say so he wasn't too worried.

However after a while of patrolling Jia Hyson felt something off.

"Brother Wei! Brother Wei!" A small deformed child ran up to him. Jia Hyson quickly picked the little ghost up.

"What's wrong Cha Cha?"

"I can't find Mister Ink or the Doctor!" Cha Cha the child ghost says anxiously. Mister Ink and the Doctor were the nicest toward the child other than Jia Hyson, the Bullied Girl and the Black Bride. The Basement Ghosts while mellowed out still retained their selfish personalities and while kind were not necessarily suited to play with children, Xu Xia wasn't interested in friends too far below or above her own age and the Toy Soldier was kind of a ticking time bomb and liked to be alone. "They weren't in the places they were supposed to be so I thought they were chasing someone but the house is only so big and there is barely anyone left!" The little ghost sucked in air loudly, panting like he was worn out by his own quick firing mouth despite the fact that as ghosts they had neither lungs nor a pressing need for oxygen.

It was very cute in Jia Hyson's opinion, Cha Cha had been very introverted and vicious in the beginning due to obvious reasons but now the ghost was very lively and playful... still just as vicious though. However he had no time to appreciate it as what the child spoke of was very worrying. His brows furrow in concern. "They're really not here? How can that be?"

The Inkman and Doctor were not as strong as some of the other ghosts and shouldn't be able to move too far from the items that their souls are attached to much like Jia Hyson when he was still a young ghost. Even though Hao Fan most likely revealed the importance of these items, only Tian Shun knows exactly what the items were and even then it was easier said than done to destroy them. "Cha Cha go around and check on the others, tell them to be on a look out and if anything seems wrong just run."

Cha Cha nods nervously, sensing the seriousness of the situation before disappearing. Maybe it was because the kid was used to trying to make himself disappear and running away thanks to his tragic childhood but as a ghost Cha Cha had came fully equipped with the Teleportation skill at the maxed out level. The little ghost to jump everywhere and anywhere in the house. In an emergency the kid could even jump to Li Guiren's house in the middle of the day though it does make him lethargic afterwards.

Jia Hyson tries to shake off the unease before beginning to make himself even more known. As the final act, there should be more hints to the reason behind the main characters' misfortune before all is revealed. His presence before was so-so, and he has been making it a point to move around. Most of the other ghosts had their areas to haunt, the basement ghosts were in the basement, Xu Xia was in the mirror, the Drowned Bullied Girl in the bathroom, the Doctor in the West wing, the Toy Soldier around the East wing, the Child and Inkman in the halls and the Bride in the Attic and Master bedroom. It was only he who had been sighted by the protagonist in every corner of the house. He had also made sure that while the other spirits can occasionally meet up and team up, they will avoid or scatter at his presence making his status in the household suspicious to the readers but not so much so.

Now that they were nearing the end, Jia Hyson wanted to trick the remaining survivors into coming into the basement with him before trapping them in there with the intention to kill them. The motive? To give the house a boost of yin energy like what happened to the basement ghosts. With a second injection of pure concentrated yin energy on top of everything else that has happened in these grounds, the Doll Spirit Wei can finally achieve his ambitions and break through the shackles of evil spirit to become a demon!

It was all bullshit but it was a solid motive ah.

Honestly this would have been much better if the Book of Curses had made an appearance and the protagonists were vaguely aware of the contents beforehand. Hao Fan was good for talking about the history of the house, including the mysterious satanic ritual of the four original tenants in the basement, but Jia Hyson felt that more could have been explored on that aspect.

However the only thing he could do about that now was put it as a suggestion to the Author God in his notebook but a suggestion has a lower percentage of being accepted into the new story then if the scene had actually happened. Apparently because the scenes of this world that Jia Hyson makes can be more easily visualized and fantasized in the Author God's head which makes them more or less interested in rewriting in the first place.

Jia Hyson: '...wouldn't that mean that the Author God is such a pervert to imagine all this up?'

Bebe: 'Oh my I seem to have a call.'

Jia Hyson: ?

Bebe: 'It's Mr Pot, he's calling you black Mr Kettle.'

Jia Hyson: '...' He's not sure if he's angry at being called a hypocritical pervert or that he was called a hypocritical pervert in such a lame manner.

.:.

"Tian Shun, we... we did it!" Zhao Xuefeng hugs Tian Shun, joy and hope suffusing his heart, making him momentarily lose control. However after a few seconds he stiffens up and flushes, awkwardly and reluctantly letting go with a cough. Silently though he felt his body warm as he recalled how unexpectedly well toned the other teenager was. Zhao Xuefeng had some muscles sure but Tian Shun seemed to be packing a six pack under there. "I, ah, sorry haha, too excited."

"No worries," Tian Shun replies coolly, a flash of disgust passes through his eyes before disappearing.

Meanwhile Nalan Chyou who had been trembling in the corner sobbed in relief. "Oh thank god!" She gasps, even now the icy chill of oncoming death still clutched at her throat, "I, I really thought it was the end for me." Half unable to believe it she begins to laugh.

Li Daguo and Zeng Hai, who were way more messed up looking compared to the main characters, also smile bitterly, understanding deeply how she was feeling at that moment. They too had been barely saved from what seemed to be certain death. This was especially so for Zeng Hai who had already been injured and then had the dogs hit luck to end up inadvertently partnered with Ming Bo when they all separated.

Ming Bo had shoved him midway while escaping in hopes that any ghost behind them would focus on the weak prey and give her some precious time to hide. Unfortunately she ran straight into the Ghost Doctor's arms who specialises in body horror, scalping, and just torture porn in general. In short, voted number one Ghost You Least Want to Meet In this Place.

She manages to narrowly avoid a death on the dissection table by offering to betray her friends for him. Her pointing to where Zeng Hai had fell was her show of trustworthiness. This was further cemented when the Doctor Ghost, who was quite bemused by the lack of shame and conscious in the little girl, decided to do a psychological experiment to see how far she would go and order Ming Bo to take his place as the surgeon with Zeng Hai as her first patient.

Zeng Hai... is really too much of an unfortunate character.

He was probably the character second to Zhao Xuefeng who had encountered the most ghosts tonight, not to mention the only one of the main cast who got the most painful but non fatal curse of the Ink Man, got attacked by one of their schoolmates because they thought- from his clearly inhuman looking diseased arm- that he was a ghost, and now was in the hands of the Ghost Doctor for the second time. The first time he had managed to escape which is probably why the Ghost Doctor let Ming Bo live when she mentioned that she could bring him back.

Even Jia Hyson did not expect such a character who had as much resilience as he did luck. He also did not expect Ming Bo to do such a ruthless thing.

Before Tian Shun and Zhao Xuefeng, who has been pretty much soy sauce this whole time except a few acts of selfless bravery and courage, came in to save Zeng Hai, Zeng Hai had already lost an eye, two fingers, some toe nails and was just about to have his chest opened up by a quivering Ming Bo who had been taking her sweet time crying and asking for forgiveness. Funnily enough, Zeng Hai did not feel very forgiving and while Tian Shun and Zhao Xuefeng were confronting the ghost, Zeng Hai takes the opportunity to kick Ming Bo- whose legs gave out and she had collapsed to the ground.

But who can be satisfied with just a beating? Especially for the originally violent hothead Zeng Hai who had arguably gone through the most shit including listening to Ming Bo try wash herself clean to him while she was pulling out his nails. Plus they were surrounded by surgical equipment just begging to be used. Despite being crippled in various ways, his legs are still good and his one hand.. well through the power of vengeance he made it work.

Ming Bo did not die well. She was also probably one of the few humans that died under the hands of another human. But definitely one of the many without an intact corpse. Actually if the Doctor Ghost was still present he would have been impressed by the crude delinquent's skill, especially since he had such a short timeframe.

Zeng Hai laughed like a deranged madman when Tian Shun and Zhao Xuefeng finally managed to pull him away. The delinquent even when being dragged out could not stop looking at the first person he had ever killed like he was obsessed with burning the image into his mind. Only until they reunited with Li Daguo did he finally return to some semblance of normalcy.

"H-how did you guys suddenly get so strong?" Nalan Chyou asks.

"Tian Shun had remembered he brought my uncle's old book to the party because Hao Fan wanted to check something out in it. The book had information on how to seal ghosts back into their 'soul items'." Li Daguo explains, his gaze goes complicated at the memory of one of his favourite victims to bully, "I guess it was a good thing he was such a weird nerd."

Nalan Chyou's own gaze was much less complicated. She was very aggrieved and saddened by Hao Fan's death, his last words and act of selflessly dying for her sake had inevitably moved her simple heart. Compared to this soy sauce protagonist who has neither opened his heart to her nor done anything too risk-taking for her like in the original story, the usually introverted but awkwardly gentle Hao Fan has become much better looking in her eyes.

In fact if she thought about it even more their personalities were very compatible with each other since they were both the quiet types and she found him a more comfortable friend to speak to than either the aggressive Ming Bo or the oblivious Zhao Xuefeng. That feeling of losing a treasure you didn't even know you had was a common tragedy in human nature.

"This is so messed up," She whispers hoarsely. No one said anything for a minute, unable to bring themselves to be optimistic nor add to the already large amount of pessimism they held in their hearts.

Tian Shun finally coughs, breaking the silence, a trace of impatience on his face that no one notices since they are all consumed by their own angstfest. "We need to go, Nalan Chyou can you get up now?"

Nalan Chyou slowly forced herself to stand up, she still looked pale and weak but she nods determinedly like a good female lead. Her eyes are brimming with resolve. "Let's fucking do this. For everyone."

...

Jia Hyson was starting to panic a little bit. The basement ghosts and Xu Xiao were fine but now he can't seem to contact the other ghosts. Even Toy Soldier wasn't where he should be anymore. And Xu Xia who should be the eyes and ears of the house was a little helpless since all her mirrors had been overturned to face the floor and walls or smashed to very small pieces, the only one left intact was the one in the basement. Worse still, he could sense a change in the house's atmosphere. Before the yin energy was like waves in the ocean, more or less equally spread out with some fluctuations such as having denser yin energy in the bathroom or basement. But now it felt like there was a whirlpool in this ocean.

Jia Hyson: 'Suddenly it feels like I'm the protagonist in a horror movie instead of the other way round ah. All my friends have died off before I even noticed, I'm so scared.'

Bebe: '...at least sound scared then.'

Jia Hyson: 'I can't, as the protagonist I have to put on a brave face for my female lead.' v(^)

Female lead Bebe: '...Scram!'

But in all seriousness Jia Hyson was very unnerved.

Could it be... a passing monk came by to help the protagonists since their current situation was too bad? The temple has become emptier over the years due to faith in religion dwindling over time, suppressed by modern science, but there are still a few venerable old monks there. No normal monk has made it out of the demon house unscathed so generally it's just become a forbidden zone but what if because of this finally a hidden expert has appeared?

The more he thought about it the more likely it seemed. Silently Jia Hyson gives a silent prayer to his ghost comrades and hopes heaven is kind. He doesn't even consider an insider to be the cause.

"Ah, ah, it's already come so far," Jia Hyson sighs as he floats around aimlessly with his doll carried in his arms. He uses his hair to rummage around the corpses before finally finding a large satchel like handbag. "Might as well just keep the initial idea and play by ear."

If he's exorcised, he's exorcised. His job as a villain could be said to be completed in a somewhat satisfactory manner. Sure there will be survivors but with so many deaths the bloodlust of the readers surely will be satisfied. Plus, he is curious about the feeling of exorcism. He imagines from television that it would be painful but would eventually make him feel light and free, like being scrubbed by a hot steel brush to get rid of all the dirty things on his skin. Maybe he could even take a glimpse at this world's heaven or hell if it is there.

The only problem is that Jia Hyson fears that such a coincidental and fateful encounter with a passing by hidden expert would feel a bit too lazy to the readers.

...

"Wait," Zeng Hai suddenly says, "I think I hear someone."

"...Really?" Li Daguo strains his ears but doesn't pick up anything.

"I think the loss of vision has enhanced my hearing," Zeng Hai cocks his head, "I think.. they're crying?"

"I hear it too," Zhao Xuefeng says.

"Me too, it's getting louder," Nalan Chyou gripped her iron bar tightly.

"Be cautious and wary," Tian Shun whispers seriously making everyone nod and keep their guard up. They slowly and cautiously creep toward the direction of the sound. As they grew closer they realize it was indeed the sound of crying, but it wasn't the ugly wretched sobbing that they were so used to by now but soft, hiccuping weeping. It was a very beautiful delicate sound that made them both curious and wary.

As they turned a corner everyone stiffened in shock.

This young man... was too beautiful!

Even covered in blood and surrounded by disgusting viscera, the weak and trembling figure of the rather androgynous teenager's lovely, pure looks could not be hidden. Forget the boys, even Nalan Chyou couldn't help but swallow loudly, this was the sort of beauty that made others want to revere him as a fairy, but even more so want to push him down and utterly defile him.

Tian Shun was no exception. Jia Hyson was wearing the same clothes his doll form had been wearing today, a simple but elegant white formal shirt and black pants in an old European design. However the old-fashioned design was somewhat covered by the blood making it hard to notice the strangeness of the clothing and how similar it was to the hated Doll Ghost's own- in which they had only seen the doll form of.

To further make it harder to immediately discern his identity Jia Hyson also cut his hair. Because it was a little messy he ended up with a very short hairstyle similar to a K-pop stars. With his new hairstyle his appearance gave an even more refreshing feeling of youth, but more importantly to Tian Shun... it showed off his slender pale white and oh so biteable neck.

Subconsciously Tian Shun licked his lips with desirous eyes. Soon. Soon every part of him will be his.

"You... are you alright?" Nalan Chyou kindly asks. As the female lead she of course held the biggest heart out of them all.

"I," A weak, shaking voice, like a frightened rabbit made of sugar drops came out of the delicate beauty, "My friend, he, he.." He glances down at the lump of flesh in his arms with a devastated expression. The group save for Tian Shun all looked at him sympathetically.

"Come with us," Zhao Xuefeng immediately invited. On the rankings of Bleeding Hearts, after the female lead the protagonist usually comes at a close second. "If you stay here like this you're seeking death. We are trying to escape this hell too, trust us."

Tian Shun snorts under his breath at Wei's expression of wary surprise and gratefulness. To think the spirit was such a good actor. However, Wei's mischievous side was very cute. Even though he was a little worried about Wei's reaction to the idea of suppressing his fellow spirits, Tian Shun still dotingly played along, also unwilling to let anytime with Wei go. "Come with us, I promise to keep you safe by my side." Forever.

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, Xiao Shun looks really so handsome saying those words yet why do I feel a chill? Could this be...'

Bebe: '...' Does Host finally realise he raised two generations worth of crazy?

Jia Hyson: 'Could this be love-?' Hehe he's so funny. Bebe is so lucky to have such a charismatic host like himself.  

Bebe: '...' Go die one more time.  

And so Jia Hyson joins the party.

As they walk around, the group begins to explain what happened to the ghosts. To Jia Hyson's silent relief the spirits had not been exorcised or brutally killed off by a hidden expert. Instead they somehow found the Book of Curses! It seems the Author God is shining upon them all!

Understandably they wouldn't reveal all their secrets to a stranger but apparently with the book they learnt of a method to force a spirit inside their 'soul item', the object that they are most attached to after death and traps them there with the help of some hastily made talismans courtesy of their own blood and a notebook they had found after some searching.

After some consulting with Bebe, Jia Hyson found that the bindings would not be permanent, and as long as the seals have been torn off or faded the spirits will be immediately be free if a little weakened.

He was a little jealous. If the Demon House was a movie, then having sealed the spirits into their own objects and shipped them away in the aftermath would produce a huge potential for many sequels. After all, each spirit had an interesting or at least a classic backstory and unique powers.

Under Jia Hyson's hand, he could probably make a Ghost Universe that many horror fans would love and many film companies have failed to establish well however this gift horse has been passed down to the Author God who made such an incompetent plot in the first place. This sour feeling was like painstakingly raising up a pure white cabbage before being forced to give it away as a gift for an ugly pig. Such a fucking goddamn waste.

Meanwhile Zhao Xuefeng was glancing at Tian Shun and the newcomer, who had introduced himself as Bai Li Wei, with increasingly complex looks. Tian Shun, who had always been aloof and by his side for so long had suddenly changed attitudes. Now it is like he has glued himself to the beautiful teenager's side, always giving him such gentle warm looks that Zhao Xuefeng had never even seen before.

"Do you guys know each other?" Zhao Xuefeng asks suspiciously. Now that his initial feelings of awe at Bai Li Wei's appearance has faded somewhat, he found the more he looks the more he feels something is wrong. Tian Shun would never get so close to a stranger so fast. Even if the other was admittedly stunning in looks, Zhao Xuefeng did not want to believe his Tian Shun would be so shallow and superficial. "You guys look awfully.. close."

Jia Hyson blinks his eyes in confused innocence that was only half faked. Why does the male lead sound like a jealous love interest?

Tian Shun's reaction was much colder, "We don't know each other." Then, with the same cold expression he explains, "I just like his face."

Zhao Xuefeng: '...'

Jia Hyson: '...'

The others: '...'

"Well," Jia Hyson chuckled uncomfortably, "Where are we heading now?"

"There's no other ghosts left, we're going to try the exit now," Li Daguo replies, also eager to break the silence,

Jia Hyson frowns. "Have you gone to the basement yet?"

Everyone all looked at him blankly. "The basement? There's such a place?"

Jia Hyson nods, fear flashing in his eyes, "It's a secret entrance. I, I only saw it because I saw someone," he bit his lip, "Someone I know just got picked up and dragged, we, we tried to stop it but..." He goes dazed for a moment as if recalling the horrible memories that didn't exist, "anyway, there's a secret doorway behind a bookshelf. If there's going to be any big secret to this house it must be down there."

The group look at each other, whispering and muttering before they turn to Jia Hyson and agree. Even though they were fearful about the unknown, they couldn't help but feel fairly confident in themselves after taking care of so many ghosts.

If Jia Hyson could hear their thoughts he wouldn't be able to hide his disdain. After all this shit they went through and yet still have the gall to look down on ghosts... really seeking death ah.

As Jia Hyson leads the way, Zhao Xuefeng couldn't help but feel even more suspicious toward Wei. Aside from the initial dislike and feeling of alarm at this unforeseen rival toward his affections for Tian Shun, there was an objective underlying sense of unsettlement toward Bai Li Wei. Because for one thing, someone with such outstanding looks would have certainly been noticed in school, even in town he would have heard of it.

Zhao Xuefeng has lived in this place since he was born. He knows the area and people inside and out. Old people liked to show off their grandchildren, mothers like to gossip about all sorts of relatives, and other people's relatives, but there has been no mention or photo of such a beautiful child. Li Daguo who knows the richer part of the area better than himself didn't recognise Bai Li Wei either.

"We're here," Wei's head was down, hiding the expression on his face. Now that Zhao Xuefeng looked closer, no longer so drawn to that his bewitching pure face of his, he began to feel some familiarity to the clothes he was wearing. "Just push the bookshelf to the side and it should be there."

As the group began to push the bookshelf, Zhao Xuefeng and Wei were the only ones who didn't move. Zhao Xuefeng stared hard at Wei, trying desperately to remember this odd feeling of familiarity, the memory like a feather in the wind making it so frustrating to catch. Suddenly Wei looked up and smiled.

Cold sweat drenched Zhao Xuefeng's back. Wei's eyes suddenly look glassy and painted like, like...

Like a doll's eyes.

"Guys! Wait-"

"We did it!" Li Daguo exclaims in relief, drowning out Zhao Xuefeng's words, "Damn that was heavy. Oi, Xuefeng what the fuck where you doing.." His words trail off and everyone turns to stare as Wei begins to float up, limbs drooping like a puppet with no strings and his short hair growing rapidly. "Oh shit."

"Hahaha," An eerie light laughter escaped from Bai Li Wei's mouth, the voice echoing strangely like there were many voices in the one, "HAHAHAHAHA!"

The teenager, no, the ghost's eyes glow a murderous red and now everyone can tell that this was the true form of the doll ghost.

Nalan Chyou who felt the most animosity and fear toward this spirit screamed in an incoherent mixture of both feelings. Zeng Hai's already weakened body couldn't take the shock and his legs gave way, barely avoiding hitting the floor thanks to a pale faced Li Daguo.

Zhao Xuefeng blindly grabbed at Tian Shun's arm for assurance, "Tian Shun! I think his doll body is in the bag!" He whispers frantically, "I'll distract him and you use the charm to- Tian Shun?"

A cold, numbness spreads inside his body as he realises Tian Shun's handsome eyes were sparkling, his lips curved up in a loving smile.

"How beautiful," The voice that Zhao Xuefeng had always thought to be clear and magnetic now sounded like a dagger being pushed into his heart and soul.

Unwilling to believe, Zhao Xuefeng grips on him tighter, "Tian Shun," He's sweating as he forces himself to smile, "Tian, Tian Shun you, you're joking right?"

In the background his friends are screaming and the bleak blackness of inky hair has surrounded them all but Zhao Xuefeng's gaze could not tear away from Tian Shun's face, waiting, begging for an answer, for anything. Silvery eyes slowly move from the Doll Ghost's evil visage to Zhao Xuefeng and Zhao Xuefeng's heart skips a beat. "Tian Shun.."

"Shut up," The reply is void of emotion and warmth.

Tian Shun steps toward Zhao Xuefeng making him step back. "This, did Bai Li Wei do something to you? Are you possessed?" Zhao Xuefeng ask worriedly, "Tian Shun! Come back to me!"

Tian Shun laughs and takes another step forward. Zhao Xuefeng steps back. One goes forward. One back. Forward. Back. Soon Zhao Xuefeng realises he's at the edge of the doorway that leads to the basement.

He realises that there is no one left in the room by then. All taken by the ghost. Zhao Xuefeng couldn't help it, he panicked.

"Tian Shun! Don't do this!" He pleads.

Tian Shun raises an amused eyebrow, "Oh? Why not?"

Zhao Xuefeng grabs his collar, pulling him down and kisses him fierce and desperately.

"Because," He breathes out as he is roughly pushed away by a shocked Tian Shun, savouring the way his lips tingle and warm as he finally embraces his feelings, "Because I love you Tian Shun."

Tian Shun stares at him. Then he smiles gently at him, one of those rare smiles that Zhao Xuefeng cherishes like treasures in his heart. Zhao Xuefeng felt hope alight within him as Tian Shun pulls him into a hug. He quickly hugs back, tightly, happiness brimming so much inside him he felt like he could explode.

"That's so funny," Tian Shun whispers as he starts to pull away, silver eyes so cold they resembled glaciers in the frozen night, "Because I hate you."

Before Zhao Xuefeng fully registers those heartbreaking words he is pushed down into the basement and blacks out.

...

When the protagonist comes to, it's only been a few minutes much to Jia Hyson's relief. They need four humans who had achieved despair after all. Even with all the other victims in the house to supply the extra despair they require the four living humans are still a must.

"Wha- where am I?" Zhao Xuefeng groans before the memories hit him and he pales. Jia Hyson has to wonder what exactly did Tian Shun say to the guy for him to make such an absolutely devastated expression. He can practically see the dark negative energy off that one in waves.

"Brother Xuefeng!" "Zhao Xuefeng!" "Zhao Xuefeng!" The other three call out. They were all bound in intestines like Jia Hyson had once been. Sitting in the same ritual that Xu Xia had drawn all those years ago, on the same four corners as the basement ghosts and Xu Xia had died on.

Seeing the rather defeated and hopeless expression on the protagonist the other three were enraged. Despite Li Daguo and Zeng Hai having their differences with Zhao Xuefeng, they had gone through many terrors and trials together now and already considered him almost as close as a brother. Nalan Chyou who is a childhood friend felt even more fiercely, she still had secretly loved the young man for years, even of Hao Fan had moved her more than she expected one can't just get rid of old feelings so simply.

The three once again began to curse at the Doll Ghost but most of all they began to curse at Tian Shun who had betrayed them all along. The more they had revered, loved and respected him the further he fell in their hearts, even surpassing the hatred for the ghosts to some extent. A traitor to humanity they called him. And it wasn't false.

But Tian Shun was not the least bit fazed by the insults and hatred thrown at him by the friends he had meticulously cultivated for months. He looked at them with a faint smile, eyes serene with a hint of predatory anticipation. He did not look at them like they were equal human beings. It was like he was a farmer ready to slaughter his chubby pigs.

Jia Hyson inwardly whistled at the ruthlessness. In some ways, humans can be worse than any ghost. However every second is a second closer to dawn and they needed to get the party started now. Quickly Jia Hyson floats in the middle of the room with a sweet smile and does the villain monologue explaining the entire reason why they've reached this point. Of course since it took longer than expected Jia Hyson had to cut some of his, frankly fantastic speech he had prepared which was such a shame.

His tragic backstory. Three sentences. Picked up by Li Guiren who is the father of Tian Shun. One sentence. The Demon House. Two sentences, they already know most of it from Hao Fan. How he had slowly accumulated enough energy in the house through killing people and now reached a saturation point, a plateau in power. Four sentences since it's a lead up to the main reason. Reveal plan to devour many souls and energy at once to turn into a demon. One sentence but like, said super dramatically. Then laugh maniacally and say something about how he is superior to foolish mortal humans when they call him a madman and or talk about becoming a god.

Jia Hyson had to say. He fucking nailed it.

"-and I couldn't have done it without Xiao Shun," He finally ends it, gesturing Tian Shun to join him in his little murder circle of victory, partly to hug him before he reaches ascendence and partly to rub it in. Jia Hyson's smile becomes proud and warm as Tian Shun obediently trots over like the good child he always is. "Xiao Shun, I'm so glad we met in this lifetime. I'll always remember what you have done for me,"

He wishes he could say a bit more. How he wishes he was there more for Tian Shun in his life. How he's so very proud of him. That he will do big things even without him. That he does love him. Maybe even more romantically than paternally like he feels for Li Guiren but unfortunately this was not a world that would allow him to figure out such things.

"Wei.." Tian Shun must have seen the affection in his eyes, as faint as it was, and slipped his hand into Jia Hyson's, enjoying the way the spirit couldn't help but shiver in pleasure at his touch. Unable to control himself he embraces Jia Hyson, kissing him deeply and fiercely, much like how Zhao Xuefeng did to him only this time both parties were enthusiastic.

Zhao Xuefeng made a soft sound of pain at the sight.

But then, just like before Tian Shun broke the kiss first. His eyes were warmer and full of love but the words were ominous, "You don't have to remember me Wei, because you'll always be by my side."

Jia Hyson's eyes widened and then screamed as he fell to the floor, an iron pole impaled in his stomach covered by strange patterns made in blood. He could barely move at all much less pull the painful thing out of his body.

"What are you doing?!" Jia Hyson hisses in shock and outraged betrayal.

"Don't be angry," Tian Shun infuriatingly says, "I know it hurts please bear with it."

The basement ghosts and Xu Xiao who had been watching at the sides, were shocked at this unexpected counterattack. The humans were also surprised. However unlike the ghosts they felt happiness and hope that all along Tian Shun was playing double agent, no, triple agent, for them.

If children can think this so can these old spirits and they were full of rage.

"Tian Shun you dare betray teacher?!" "White eyed wolf!" "Rip you to shreds!"

The three basement ghosts rush at him but it turns out Tian Shun had been hiding his true abilities all this time. Underneath his clothing he had talismans and his aura was so concentrated it can even be used as a weapon or at least a defensive shield. Jia Hyson was astonished at the fantasy-like fight. Hacks! He fucking called hacks!

Soon the three were subdued and each were then forcibly trapped in a seperate blood covered wall of the basement by Tian Shun, their sillouhetes vaguely seen in the wall. Xu Xia who had already lost a bit of power after the mirror breaking that happened before did not manage to leave the last mirror in time before Tian Shun covered it in talismans bind her place. Jia Hyson looked on, it was the first time in a long time he truly felt this helplessness again.

"Xiao Shun.."

"I love you Wei," Tian Shun calmly says, silver eyes bright and glittering as he walks back to the middle of the room, crouching down to gently touch Jia Hyson's face. "I love you so, so much. You've always been kind to me, when I was a child who didn't even understand what a family was you were that for me. Being by your side was the best time of my life and when dad separated us it was hell. I couldn't tell you how many times I almost died, how many times I wanted to die. I have no mother, my father hates me, my friends all end up dying... only you have been my one warm constant. I love you."

For a moment Jia Hyson was deeply touched and flattered by the sincere words, moved by the raw emotion in the young man's voice but then logic kicks in and roughly reminds him what Tian Shun has done, what he might be planning to do in the name of his 'love'.

No matter how sweet the beautiful words, they cannot drown them bitter taste of such ugly betrayal.

"Xiao Shun whatever you're going to do, don't do its!" Jia Hyson warns, eyes darkening dangerously. "Do you think that just because I like you, you can treat me as some soft persimmon, easy to bully? If you really do this do you actually think I'll still hold any good feelings for you afterwards?"

Jia Hyson has always been quite a callous man, especially with relationships. Many friendships and lovers only stayed in his life for a short time before they got quickly replaced, however, if they managed to still cling on past a certain point Jia Hyson would cherish them and grow dependent on their existence.

For example, his mother was his most important person and he loved her unconditionally, even as an adult he would not feel shame cuddling with her while watching a tv show together or going grocery shopping with her. His best friend from highschool was another good example. He was a foreigner, an Australian, still learning the language and Jia Hyson was the only one in the friend group who happened to have almost all the same classes as him. It turns out helping teach a language and learning another while sharing a few key interests was enough to cement a friendship that lasted for decades despite the fact their relationship was mainly texting each other and the occasional semi-yearly meetup... Jia Hyson wonders if his friend was sad when he heard about his death.

The point was, no matter how good the feelings he had toward Tian Shun, the foundations were a little too shallow. Having that large gap between seeing him as a baby and seeing him as a handsome young adult have helped alter Jia Hyson's perceptions toward him into something more romantic more easily than facing Li Guiren but the connection he holds in compensation is much weaker in comparison. To him, the power of love at first sight could not beat the power of intimacy and trust built up over time.

Also they've never crossed the line. So in a cruelly objective standpoint that his apathy provides him their relationship could be described as akin to half-cousins eye-fucking. And Jia Hyson once killed one of his full-blooded cousins. Inadvertently. But like, still. It proves that for those that aren't close family or life-long friends, one doesn't have to cross his bottom line to garner his disgust, as long as he feels they aren't useful or worth it anymore Jia Hyson can drop them easy.

Well. Not easy. But easier than a lot of other people.

Tian Shun must sense the seriousness because he does hesitate for a moment. "Wei... please don't say that, I.. If you don't like me I don't know what I would do," He whispers, sounding truly conflicted and scared.

Jia Hyson was a little moved, reminded once again that despite everything Tian Shun probably had some serious mental issues, most indirectly due to Jia Hyson and Li Guiren in the first place, but he still refused to budge. Even if he was guilty he isn't going to fuck himself over to compensate. "Then stop!" Jia Hyson tells him, even he wasn't aware of his own voice softening, "Just, stop. It doesn't have to end this way."

Tian Shun bit his lip, he looked as young as he should be. "But I don't want it to end at all." Tears fall down his face, "Wei, stay here, stay with me. I love you, don't you get that? If you promise you'll stay I won't forcibly bind you to me forever okay? As long as, as long as you don't leave this world.."

Jia Hyson feels pain in his heart even though he shouldn't have the capabilities anymore, "Xiao Shun, each day as a ghost is my own circle of hell, I don't want to stay like this anymore, please, don't be selfish and just,"

"Why can't I be selfish?!" Tian Shun yells, tears pouring from his eyes, on the edge of a breakdown, "No one ever asks for what I want! I never get to be selfish! When is it my turn to be selfish?!" He sobs, "I, I wanted to go home! I, I, I was so scared all alone overseas and the monsters there-! I wanted to see you so, so badly! I wanted to listen to your bedtime stories again and get tucked in.. I wanted dad to invite me back and apologise for being such a fucking dick! I wanted.. I wanted..! I, why don't I ever get what I want?"

Tian Shun begins to cry softly and Jia Hyson could only weakly lie there unsure of what to say in comfort. Unless he was willing to stay in this world for a bit longer there really wasn't anything else he could do.

But men are fickle, they could say they won't get jealous anymore, that they won't threaten you anymore, won't try and bind your eternal soul to their's anymore, but the sad fact of reality is that 95% of the time that was a lie. A temporary promise at best. If you forgive the first time there's always a good chance of a second and a third time.

Even protagonists can't escape this inflexibility of their own human nature. How can the normal people below them possibly hope to do the same? Maybe if it was Monroe or Drake talking he could believe in them but Li Guiren and Tian Shun were... Well, Jia Hyson doesn't like to stereotype but yanderes were kind of unstable.

"Xiao Shun.."

Tian Shun lefts his head up, eyes red from crying. They both stare at each other for a moment in silence before finally, Tian Shun grins madly and starts to chuckle before escalating into full blown hysterical laughter.

Jia Hyson: '...see? Super unstable.'

Bebe: 'Shut up. Bebe, hiccup, Bebe is crying for the both of us.'

"I've decided," Tian Shun smiles, obsession and madness seeping out from him, "It doesn't matter, as long as you're still here with me we can cultivate our feelings all over again." Before Jia Hyson could say anything he runs to the bag taking out Jia Hyson's doll and the book of curses from another bag.

He flips to a page in the book, muttering cryptic words eagerly before moving slowly toward Jia Hyson to place the doll in front of him so they were face to face. His chanting grows louder and louder and the basement ghosts in the wall and Xu Xia in the mirror grow agitated. Tian Shun fishes out a small silver box from his pocket and lifts it slowly above his head while he continuously chants. A dark mist from the walls and mirror leak out, and, as if attracted to the silver box, heads toward it, darkening the silver color until it turns a metallic black.

Then Tian Shun flips the top off and Jia Hyson realises with dread it wasn't a box.

It was a lighter.

This is the first time he felt truly afraid.

Memories of being burned alive have not faded one bit. That trauma is engraved into this very soul, it is what had turned him into the thing he is now. How can he not be fearful?

"I love you Wei," Tian Shun smiles.

"No, wait, don't-"

He flicks on lighter, the fire an eerie blood red and the smoke darker then it should be. With the lighter on he begins to walk around the inside of the ritual circle, running the flame across Zhao Xuefeng, Nalan Chyou, Li Daguo and Zeng Hai's hair, letting them catch aflame much to their own fear and hatred, before heading back to Jia Hyson and drops the lighter on top of the doll as he raises his voice, "Burn away the anchor! Burn away the connection! Burn the old and let the ashes bring forth anew!"

Maybe it's the ritual magic taking effect but unscientifically the moment the flame touches the doll it is completely engulfed in fire. Simultaneously all four humans bound in their spots also become human torches, screaming and wailing in agony. However Jia Hyson was not much better as the doll held a strong connection to him so he too felt the brutal effects as well, screaming and writhing in agony.

Tian Shun was not completely heartless though, when he saw Jia Hyson in such pain he immediately knelt down, dragging the twitching ghostly body to lean against his chest, engulfing him in cooling yin energies, pressing small anxious kisses to his forehead and whispering soft words about how it will all be okay and how it will be all over soon. Jia Hyson would have been a lot more grateful if he hadn't been the main source of this absolute misery.

It took an excruciatingly long time, Jia Hyson would swear even longer than the first time he burnt to death. Damn his doll had better endurance than he did. Which made sense if the fire is meant to burn the bone porcelain until it became nothing but ashes but Jia Hyson still felt awfully resentful toward the cultists for not making a Raggedy Anne doll of him instead right now. Yet just like how good things come to an end, eventually so do bad, terrible, horrible things. Thank the Author God.

Jia Hyson lay weakly against Tian Shun, tears of blood running down his face as the young man reverently kisses him before gently moving him back on the floor. He yanks the iron bar from Jia Hyson's body, but the aftermath of agony had numbed him so much that he barely flinched.

Using the end of the bar that had impaled Jia Hyson, Tian Shun began to chant as he pointed it toward the small pile of ash where the doll used to lay. Like the dark mist from before, the small pile of ash began to move toward the bar, as if attracted or magnetised. Tian Shun started to move the iron in small circles like he was making really hardcore candy floss until all the ash swirled around the end of the iron bar.

"Finally," He whispers as he stares greedily at the black candy floss made up of Wei's bones and blood and all sorts of nasty things. Unaware and most likely uncaring of it though, Tian Shun then proceeded to start sucking it down.

Jia Hyson: '...Ew.' Black magic was so gross.

It looked like a rather slow and somewhat painful process on Tian Shun's end though. Which Jia Hyson is fucking glad because everyone in this room should have to physically suffer on some level here. Silently he consults Bebe who was...

Bebe: vomiting noises

Jia Hyson: '...You weak ass motherfucker.' He goes through all this pain and it's his system complaining. So angry.

After roasting Bebe he quickly gets to business, 'Is this going to effect me too badly?' Worse comes to worse he'll be stuck in a rather unconventional and, let's be honest, super dysfunctional bordering on abusive but definitely resentment-filled relationship. Which was only a little hot.

Bebe: vomiting noises

Jia Hyson: 'Son of a fucking- what now?'

Bebe: 'You. Host is just too disgusting.' 

Jia Hyson: '...' I'll kill you (   ` )

'Anyway, this isn't a good situation host. You're still a young host and while your spiritual energy is good right now, your soul can't actually take that much trauma. It's already considered very impressive that your soul had enough strength the first time you died but Bebe isn't very confident if you had to go through such a violent 'rebirth' a second time.'

Jia Hyson's tired eyes opened in shock, 'Wait. Are you saying Xiao Shun that dumb yandere might actually kill me?! Why didn't you say so before?!'

'...Bebe was too caught up in the drama. This was Bebe's bad.' Came Bebe's meek and infuriating reply.

Jia Hyson: '...Bebe.'

Bebe: 'Host, you must remain calm.'

Jia Hyson: 'I know I can buy a physical form for you when we get back.'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe.'

Bebe: QAQ

Suddenly Li Guiren rushes in, eyes quickly taking in the room with the skill and speed worthy of a top police detective investigator. His eyes after a second of taking it in immediately zone to the fallen Wei and his son eating black floating dust. Narrowing his eyes he doesn't even hesitate to take the shot.

"Ugh!" Tian Shun groans, doubling over in pain, clutching at his stomach where the wound is. However no matter how much pain he was in he still hadn't let go of the iron bar. "You-!" He glares murderously at his father who was rushing toward them.

"What have you done to him?!" Li Guiren roars as he tries to hold Jia Hyson up only for Jia Hyson to scream in further suffering as the strong yang energy coming from Li Guiren burns him even more. Tian Shun's expression immediately changes and he drops the iron bar to push Li Guiren away. The black dust scatters for a moment before moving back to the object a little more reluctantly than before.

"Stop that! He's especially vulnerable right now!" Tian Shun shouts frantically, "If you touch him with that energy of yours he will really die!"

Li Guiren quickly moves away but it doesn't stop him from turning toward Tian Shun with a vicious look in his eyes. "You little bastard," He spat, "What did you do?"

Tian Shun smiled icily, "Isn't it obvious? I'm making Wei mine." His smile grows wider, "And don't ask me to stop, I've already gone this far. If we don't give him another anchor before the sun rises he'll be gone."

'Quick Bebe, how long until sunrise?' Jia Hyson asks eagerly.

'Nine minutes, thirty-eight seconds,' Bebe informs.

'Good, good, that's doable,' He inwardly nods satisfied, if he could stall for that long he can finally leave. Outwardly however he held a pained and sorrowful expression that is only a little exaggerated. After all, he really was yearning for death.

"Xiao Ren, Xiao Shun... please, just let me die." He hoarsely whispers, "I want to die,"

The two men's attention was captured by him instantaneously. Various levels of fear and guilt looking at the frail, weak, motionless body of the person they loved filled them up inside. Wei looked drained... completely devoid of vitality, power, and most of all, a will to live. It seems.. It seems Wei really, truly wanted to leave. They would be only making him suffer chaining him down.

However they still couldn't bear to let him go.

"You can't!" Tian Shun drops to his knees, "Didn't I tell you?! I, I need you!"

"Is there any chance you can reconsider?" Li Guiren who had matured over time also could not accept this. Wei had been with them almost all their lives, the idea of living in a world without him now... it was scarier than any ghost.

Wei gives them all a pained smile, "You two.. I love you both you know, as much as any spirit can anyway. But sometimes love cannot just fail to solve problems but can also create problems." He gives a heavy sigh, "I had thought, that maybe if I ascended to demonhood maybe the pain of forcing myself to stay in this world would disappear and I could stay with you both until the end but.." His expression turns bittersweet, "I guess it's not meant to be."

Tian Shun's expression turns ugly with regret and remorse, "I.. I ruined everything." He whispers. "I'm so sorry Wei."

"Don't," Jia Hyson quickly stops him, the child was too delicate to add survivor's guilt to his issues. "I am the one that should apologise. To you too Li Guiren. I am aware that as a caretaker I was, heh, lacking somewhat."

"That's not true!" Both Li Guiren and Tian Shun protest.

Jia Hyson chuckles, fondly taking a long look at the aggrieved pair, "You too.. I'm glad that you're both here in my final moments."

"Is it.. is it really so unacceptable to be my shadow?" Tian Shun whispers.

Jia Hyson: '...' You were going to stick me in your shadow? Fuck yes that's extremely unacceptable!

"I already loathed my fate," Jia Hyson patiently explains, "Being trapped in that doll my tormentors had made in my visage for some sick fetish.. if it wasn't for you two little dumplings I would have done my best to free myself ages ago."

Li Guiren was silently crying. Tian Shun had been sobbing for a while.

"Your really serious," Li Guiren says flatly, defeat in his eyes.

"I am," Jia Hyson firmly tells him. Him and Tian Shun.

The father and son pair look at each other, understanding passing in their eyes before turning into resolve as they gaze back at Jia Hyson. They had become calmer yet somehow it unsettled Jia Hyson deeply.

"Okay then," Li Guiren says emotionlessly.

"We're sorry," Tian Shun whispers pityingly.

The unsettledness had turned into anxiety, "Xiao Ren? Xiao Shun? What do you mean?" They weren't going to trap him after all that in the end were they?

They didn't. But in retrospect Jia Hyson wished they had.

Hot blood splattered onto his face as body. A low grunt of pain and a hiss of discomfort. Jia Hyson could only watch, his heart that should have shrivelled up by now was in agony.

Li Guiren covered his slit throat with one hand, the other reaching out to touch Jia Hyson's hand. Maybe because his life force was fading so fast he no longer burned with so much yang energy. "I love you. I hope I'll make you as happy as you deserve if we ever meet again." He smiles and Jia Hyson feels something hot in his hand before it fades away.

Tian Shun coughed out an unhealthy amount of blood as his chest begins to turn red as his body fluids leak out of the bullet holes. He too reaches out desperately to grasp Jia Hyson's other hand. "One day I hope, hope you will love me as much as I love you," He smiles and Jia Hyson feels something cold in his other hand before it too fades away.

"...Xiao Ren?"

"...Xiao Shun?"

"...Xiao Ren? Xiao Shun?"

"... Why aren't you responding?"

"... Xiao Ren, Xiao Shun, I, I am so, so sorry, I,"

"... Xiao Ren? Xiao Shun? Please, please answer me."

"... You two, why did you do this?"

[World story complete... Processing data... Uploading data...]



Arc 3 Beta Be A Rich Bitch




In another world...

'Millions mourn for bestselling writer's death.'

'A national treasure gone from this world.'

'The cause of China's most popular writer's death- Murder?!'

'Young Schoolgirl stabs Bestselling Author on the Street.'

He Bai read the articles listlessly. When he first saw the news he didn't believe it. Jia Hyson was an author that liked to screw with his fans both in fiction and in reality. Though faking his death was a little far it wasn't out of the realm of the impossible. Many netizens even scolded him playfully for such a bad joke.

But two weeks has passed and slowly people have finally come around to the fact one of China's shining stars in literature have left the world early.

Comedy. Fantasy. Xianxia. Wuxia. Sci-fi. Fanfiction. Jia Hyson had made his presence known in so many genres. Gathering so many hardcore fans along the way. He's written movies, television shows, plays, even a musical which was a bit shit but people still loved it anyway. He was especially famous for his wit, strong characterization, his rambling paragraphs and oh course, his world building.

He Bai was the biggest fan of his world building. And even more so, he adores Jia Hyson's works in the horror genre.

Stumble in his opinion, was a masterpiece. It was the biggest pity it was cancelled but Jia Hyson had written most of the script out by then and generously put it up online for a very cheap price of a 10 USD. This was five seasons of script that was detailed enough that it would have been easy to convert it into a novel. However it was said that Jia Hyson had not only lost inspiration due to the actor's death and cancellations, but was simply to lazy to alter the format of the script into one fit for easier reading.

Jia Hyson had garnered a lot of criticism with some of reporters for that but in retaliation He Bai bought five copies of that script and posted a lot of support for Jia Hyson on Weibo so yeah. Screw those guys. Jia Hyson had even noticed his fervent support and offered to autograph all five of his copies as thanks for his support.

He Bai chuckles at the memory, he had been just a teenager at that time and was so thrilled to personally get a thank you from his male idol. He still has the copies somewhere in his drawers. Only two though. He gave two as gifts to his friends who were equally as appreciative and the last one to his mentor last week who had teared up at the present.

Stumble had been cancelled years ago.

He Bai is now a young upcoming screenwriter slash director who had recently produced an Indie horror movie that is currently nominated for two film awards. His dream was to collaborate with Jia Hyson on literally anything. It hadn't sounded so far fetched then. But now...

Now it was impossible.

He Bai sniffles. His biggest dream gone just like that. His idol now buried in shallow grave just as he had wanted it to be because and he quotes, 'If the zombie apocalypse comes, I want to be one of the first of the horde to crawl out of the graveyard.' His favorite stories to read never completed.

Morosely, He Bai logs onto his computer. He has a file dedicated to anything related to Jia Hyson that he had always dumped things in but barely ever opened unless he was looking for a specific screenshot of a quote he had liked or an a sassy Weibo or funny tumblr post about the author.

He had to start writing something new soon but with news of Jia Hyson's death he had been completely depressed and unmotivated. Maybe now was a good time as any to go through and reminisce before pushing the grief behind him.

As He Bai goes through each file or photo, his eyes redden again. Even though he was aware that Jia Hyson had influenced his life and passions, going through this he felt it had really hit home. Finally he reaches a file called The Demon House. His mouth twitches.

The Demon House was really his black history. Something he had written when he first watched Stumble when he was sixteen and wanted to write something just as cool and dark and edgy. However he was still very nervous about his writings. Even though he adored dark fantasy like Stumble he had always been inclined to horror, a genre that was not the most popular, not the most financially successful and also not the most generally well rated of the genres.

At that time He Bai, who wanted to get more viewers faster, thought that if he made it more family friendly maybe people would be more interested in reading it online. And well. There's a reason why he no longer want to write anything below a rating of R-18 anymore.

Still for all times sake he reads it.

He Bai: '...This is so shit.'

If he could describe it in two word he would say it's 'Pure Cringe'. It was that bad. No wonder he had got so much negative reviews. He Bai can't help but laugh at it as he kept reading on. The lack of plot, the obvious extension of the story with dumb excuses, and the rather boring and unlikeable characters... Even the ghosts were barely readable and He Bai almost forgot which one was meant to be an Easter Egg for Jia Hyson's Stumble show until it was explicitly said near the end.

Finally when he reached the end of the rather excruciating story, He Bai laid back on his chair and sighs. How far he has come from there.

However before he exited the document containing the last chapter he realised there was a little more that he hadn't scrolled down to see yet. A little confused he does so, and in bright blue letters there was a some sort of note he must have put in back then.

'Dear Mr Hyson, I hope you liked this story. If you have any criticisms or suggestions please tell me. Just anything really. That you for your time and consideration. Yours truly, He Bai, your biggest fan.'

He Bai: '...I am so shit.'

Immediately he runs off to jump on his bed, suffocating himself on his pillow while screaming out his embarrassment. He sent that piece of crap to his idol?! What possessed him to do such an arrogant thing? Why didn't he remember this?! He must have blocked it from his memory. If only he could block the whole thing from existence.

As he sent himself into a downward spiral of despair and self-humiliation he decides to get up quickly and delete the story from existence. And then wait for technology to invent a mind wipe machine like in the science-fiction movies. Otherwise he might as well die alright? Die of shame!

But as he hovered over the delete button, an email notification popped up. Usually he wouldn't have given it a second glance but these days he had been particularly sensitive to the name Jia Hyson so when he saw it was the topic of the email he immediately clicked it without thinking. What was in it changed his life.

In bright blue, the email read:

'To He Bai,

As you must know by now Jia Hyson has unfortunately left the world. My name is not important but you should know I'm very close with him and this is not a hoax.

Jia Hyson was a great author but was notoriously lazy and forgetful. Currently I'm cleaning up his old laptop and transferring the data into a hard drive and I found a file that read 'Fan Stories'. At first I thought it was fanfiction of some sort but soon I realized these were stories submitted by fans as well as his ideas on how to revamp them. As you've figured out by now, you are one of them.

I'm sorry it took so long to get back to you and I hope you don't waste this opportunity given to you by him. He would want the world to be filled with great stories in his next life.

Sincerely, System X.'

...

"And how does that make you feel?"

"Like I want to die." Jia Hyson hugs a pillow tightly, "I've always known I'm a bit not right but I've never, I've never done anything to the people I love." He confesses in a wobbly tone. "They were even smiling at me as they did it. Like they were so happy to die in front of me."

Doctor Ya An nods, jotting something down in her notebook before looking gently at Jia Hyson. "Maybe before our next session try and think of at least three reasons why is that. Have you considered looking at it in their shoes?"

"Okay, but..." Jia Hyson sniffles and hesitates, "They're kind of psychos."

Doctor Ya An: '...Honey, trust me, from what I gather you were the most psycho of them all.'

They chatted a bit more this time about lighter subjects. Doctor Ya An was a more experienced host that has a Villain Rehabilitation System meaning that she goes to worlds where a character, usually the villain or a villainous supporting lead but occasionally other character roles like protagonists, go too far off the deep end and their actions are considered more damaging to the world than the damage of not following the script.

For example a villain in a story where he succeeds is fine if the aim was him to take over the world. However if it was to destroy the world obviously it was better for the world to be a bit unstable from changing the script than for it to be destroyed completely.

Or if the story was an office romance where the villain does a corporate overtaking of a bunch of large companies which results in long term economic destruction that occurs after the story finishes that is also considered a loss that outweighs the gains. Especially since Doctor Ya An has noticed that for simpler stories they can share the same world with other stories, like a domineering CEO love story can exist with an Actor love story and a Cooking romance story since they barely coincide.

This essentially means there is more than one anchor point for the world and therefore the importance of maintaining it and the impact of altering it is slightly lower.

Because of her speciality in villain rehabilitation Doctor Ya An was also offered a part-time job as a therapist for other hosts, earning her a neat little salary of p for no risk. Jia Hyson would be jealous, but like, he just came into a ton of p recently so, like, he's above that now.

Also it wasn't like he would make a very good therapist.

"You know, before you I've never even heard of a Beta system." Doctor Ya An comments mildly, "Not to mention a host so confident that they went into a Skill Upgrade world on their second trip."

Jia Hyson smiles in embarrassment. He couldn't exactly say he went in to get his mind off his depression only to come back with ten new issues. Deftly he changes the subject, "Well when did you go to your first Skill Upgrade world then?" He asks politely.

Doctor Ya An pulls a face at the memory, "It was probably my eighth or ninth world, I got cocky since I had such a good track record and I figured since most of my skills weren't violently inclined it should be fine but," Jia Hyson leaned in, interested, she shows a bitter smile at the pair of glittering eyes, "The skill meant to be upgraded was White Lotus Tears level 3 which is a skill that will make the other party's destructive emotions settle at the sight and focus on trying to appease the user. It invokes feelings of guilt and compassion but only to a certain extent, for example if they truly believe they are in the right or truly hate the person crying they may not be very affected."

Jia Hyson frowns slightly, "It's a useful skill but.. leveling it up, I really can't imagine the conditions."

Doctor Ya An chuckles, "Well it involves a lot of crying I can tell you that. I think they calculate the % of success and convert it into experience points to level it up but from the life of me I still don't know how they calculate it. Once I got a character to stop shoplifting and gained 30 points, another character I convinced to not kill his cousin and I only got 9 points. To reach level 4 I need 400 points."

Jia Hyson winces. A lot of crying indeed. Even with his crying fetish he doesn't think he could handle that much. Especially if it was only him doing the weeping. "So what sort of world did you enter then."

"That's the worst part," Doctor Ya An sighs, "I got sent into a dark fantasy world with three demon lords. Three! And they were identical triplets! And I was a stupid spoilt daughter from a noble family that was part of the entourage to the rival love interest of the main character! Just thinking about my situation made it easy for the tears to flow down my cheeks ah."

Jia Hyson: '...' In retrospect he really had it easy ba.

"Did you... succeed?" He asks carefully.

Doctor Ya An glares at him, clearly it was a sore spot, "I'll have you know most hosts have a 37% death rate and a 86% fail rate for their first Skill Upgrade world. This sort of failure is not considered shameful."

"I wouldn't dare!" Jia Hyson quickly and cleverly says. He was introverted at heart but he's trained himself for years to socialize both for the sake of his job and his sex-ahem social life. "It's already very impressive to me that you came out alive! I mean, I technically died in my world."

Doctor Ya An looks appeased by the flattery, "Well yes, the Skill Upgrade world is incredibly difficult and random, but it generally falls under two categories- worlds that aren't necessarily life threatening but difficult to find a breakthrough and worlds that are intimately related to danger but the breakthrough is easier to reach. My first Skill Upgrade world was the former unfortunately, because of my lack of connections and luck at the time it took a while to meet with a single demon lord so I was stuck grinding up my skills with typical second rate cannonfodder. By the time I got that demon lord to trust me enough, I was already near the end of my lifespan since I was a normal human and not a mage or half-elf." She sighs. "Barely a sixth of my task was considered complete and because I was murdered by one of the demon lord's brother apparently it was a catalyst for a demonic civil war and the world was in even more danger than before. I had a random deduction of points for one of my skills and even had to pay a 'compensation' of 80% of my current savings as a result of such a tragedy."

Doctor Ya An looked incredibly pained when she mentioned that. She must have saved up a lot then. 80% of her current savings meant if she had spent a lot beforehand on items she would have consequently lost a lot less but the doctor looked like the cautious crafty type and would have definitely been waiting to earn enough for a big item or kept a lot for emergencies so the loss must have been a huge blow. Jia Hyson tried to think of a way to console her that didn't sound too shallow considering his own highly successful run but Doctor merely shrugged after sighing with an irritated look.

"It's okay I managed to earn it back eventually, and this side gig definitely helps a lot. Besides, I'm glad at the very least I didn't go through as much shit as you did." She gives him a very unprofessional, 'Poor stupid dumbass,' look before adding "You poor stupid dumbass."

Jia Hyson: '...Give me back my sympathy.'

"Anyway," Doctor Ya An smiles like she hadn't insulted him for his poor life choices, "Keep up with your medication, I suggest arranging to see me in a week or two, think about what I said and don't, and I swear to god, don't think about going to do a mission for at least five months."

"Well," Jia Hyson says after a pause, "that's a shame because I was totally thinking of heading to a Skills Upgrade word tomorrow."

Doctor Ya An rolled her eyes and triple underlines, 'uses humour and sarcasm as a defence mechanism' in her notebook.

...

It's been three weeks since Jia Hyson came back.

Because of his incredibly bad mental state he had been given an A-grade medical Stabiliser which helped him drop his [Psychotic Break] levels down to Level 6 but consequently put him in a five day coma as a result. However when he came to, Jia Hyson felt he rather stay in the coma.

[Psychotic Break] was a double-edged sword. He was more prone to ruthless measures and cruel tactics but at the same time he had been protected from things like pain, fear and guilt. It was because of this special skill Jia Hyson could continue the mission so easily. A normal person, even with Jia Hyson's already unique mindset would not have done well after burning alive, dying, and being trapped in a very claustrophobic doll in a dark room filled with dolls. They would have broken down, maybe even gone catatonic, at the very least they would have definitely developed more mental problems than Jia Hyson had.

But now that Jia Hyson's recovered somewhat, he's washed with true guilt for the first time in decades. It's incredibly unpleasant.

Now Jia Hyson's not exactly a great example of human morality to begin with nor did he carry heavy sense of sentiment by nature. And [Psychotic Break] was still active so he didn't, and probably won't, actually feel much lost sleep over those mob victims he killed. Honestly he may not have felt too much even without the [Psychotic Break] since by originally owning such a messed up skill it implies he had the potential to do such a messed up thing in the first place. After all, he's always had a rather gory imagination, a morbid curiosity in dissection and an odd detachment to people he didn't care about, if not he wouldn't have been capable of such merciless brutality in the first place and would have ended up as some basic bitch Jason instead.

The only reason he probably didn't go completely psycho crazy bonkers in his original world was because of the law and his family and friends. And also later on because he rather enjoyed the celebrity lifestyle and was quite intent on keeping it. But like, family, friends and the law was important to him to. In that exact order.

However, as said before, the people he loves, he loves deeply. The emotional impact of killing a stranger and the emotional impact being the reason for a loved one's death was the difference between stubbing a toe and being burned alive. And he can totally say that now because he's experienced both.

That is to say one pain can feel blindingly harsh for a moment before fading relatively quickly and the other one is excruciating at the time and even more so in the aftermath. Even though his skin has returned to silky smoothness, the inside of Jia Hyson's heart was still scarred from the trauma.

He had cried and sunk into one of the worst cases of depression he probably ever had. No one he loved had ever committed suicide before, he had been lucky in that matter. Everyone had died from old age or natural illness or were still very much alive. And to know he was the sole reason for such an extreme decision made it hard to accept. Especially since both Li Guiren and Tian Shun were talented, intelligent people that could reach great heights in the future but because of him that was forever cut off.

Because Bebe was very worried and the scans indicated Jia Hyson's mental state was below the threshold of acceptable, a therapist and medication to alleviate some of the problems was presented by the system world as compensation. Of course the therapy and medication was temporarily free for two months before one had to pay but it was still pretty good stuff.

They also gave a free upgrade to Fishball the adorable bunny which had gotten even fatter and fluffier as a result. Jia Hyson was very happy about that and would constantly be seen hugging the soft and malleable Fishball around the room.

The medication was also highly effective, much better than his own world's medicine and with no side effects as well. Jia Hyson had asked once why the systems couldn't just wipe out his depression completely but was met with scorn. After all unlike systems, humans were creatures that had fundamental differences and reactions to various stimuli, mental illness was something harder to cure than any normal illness and involved matters of the brain. The effects of such a miracle wipe would be rather unreliable at best. It was already good enough they can guarantee absolutely no side effects.

Therefore the systems didn't dare to do anything too extreme in order to cure something that can be theoretically cured over time, instead it was better to safely encourage the healing process and speed it up as best they can without compromising anything. Anyway, there was a reason why they have so many hosts and it wasn't like time was a huge issue for them.

The point was, as the fourth week since he had come back approached, Jia Hyson was as good as if he had been recovering for three months. That was how impressive and intensive the medical compensation was in the system world. Maybe if he wasn't a rare Beta user he wouldn't have got such a good service but he is so he did. And it really showed. He had even begun to crack more and more jokes and his motivation and inspiration to write have begun to come back again.

Now back from his appointment with Doctor Ya An, Jia Hyson felt he was in a good enough mood to face reality for the first time since he came back. "Bebe, you can tell me how I did in the mission now," even though he said it so confidently though, Jia Hyson still made sure to grab Fishball and jump into his comfy pillow nest of a bed before listening to the answer.

Bebe gave a quiet sigh of relief before acting professional, "Host did really well. The Demon House has been revamped into Midnight Massacre Mansion and converted into a movie! For a horror film it did very well at 4.2 stars."

Jia Hyson nods, that was pretty good for a horror movie.

"Some reviews for this movie are as follows,

'This was messed so up... I like it.'

'I want a movie specifically about each ghost omg especially the ink one which I find is probably the most mysterious like what's with that guys?'

'There were a lot of beautiful people in the movie but the new actor playing Bai Li Wei at the end made me run up to the front to lick the screen! Tasted a little bloody but ahhh must keep licking!'

'It was interesting because I wasn't sure who the main character was. Zhao Xuefeng seemed to be it in the beginning but then Tian Shun the mysterious transfer student came and I figured maybe he's the true protagonist yet Li Daguo and Zeng Hai started to really shine once the horror ramped out. The point was these characters were really well done (except Ming Bo who SUCKS) even Nalan Chyou who I figured to be a typical damsel ended up growing some character by the end of it! Of course... the plot twist at the end was a real eye opener!'

'That plot twist alone! This Laozi is still thinking about it! 10/10! Damn!'

'Good characters, a lot of horror and gore, not reliant on jump scares, simple but solid story with a massive frankly mind blowing but not completely out of nowhere plot twist that makes it stand out from all the other movies this year (even the blockbusters). In short, if this doesn't get an award I'll eat shit!'

'Fuck! My Tian Shun x Zhao Xuefeng ship died in literal flames! Yet before I can cry I find myself shipping the evil hot ghost with that two faced psycho?? Have my tastes gotten heavier recently?'

'The ghosts are so interesting and varied? Am I the only one like super interested in their backstory and want to know more about the house?? They also heavily implied Tian Shun and his father are servants to the doll ghost or something and I can't believe I'm going to say this but I TOTALLY need a prequel.'

'The doll ghost was sooooo good looking? Me and my boyfriend both agreed that we can cheat on the other as long as the mistress is just as good looking as Bai Li Wei!'"

Jia Hyson chuckles as he reads the comments about Bai Li Wei's beauty. He wonders if the actor looked as good as the original. The poor writer probably stressed out the casting crew with his incredibly high standards for appearance if that's the case.

"Now for the points,"

Jia Hyson perks up at this. Before he wasn't curious nor very interested in hearing about the mission results, he had petulantly felt he was demanding the lives of Li Guiren and Tian Shun in a roundabout way somehow but now that he was better adjusted he was quite excited. His first world earth him 10 points and 1000p, excluding bonus points of course, so what would a skill upgrade world get him?

Even Bebe was very excited, actually, Bebe had always been very excited to calculate their big haul but it didn't dare to when it saw how sad it's host had been. Now that host was better it no longer had any qualms and received the information like the numbers of a winning lotto ticket. "For doing such a good job on improving the world, the overseers have decided to reward you... 20 points, a skill ticket and 15,000p!"

Jia Hyson suddenly felt he was a rich person once again. 15,000 p. Fuck! That was worth fifteen basic missions! Getting traumatised was worth it! He gets free medical compensation anyway.

Silently he considers if he should really go to another Skill Upgrade World after the recovery period.

"That's not all," Bebe continues, giddy from the shocked look on its host, "Because you met a Worldbreaker and successfully eliminated him your points are directly doubled plus an extra 2000p."

"32,000p, two skill tickets and 40 skill points?" Jia Hyson swallows his saliva greedily. He could buy so much shit with that. And while he has no idea what skill tickets do but from the name alone they sound like free skills which, like, yes please.

Once again he seriously considers if he should really go to another Skill Upgrade World after the recovery period. These rewards were really too good.

"Also, you've unlocked the new special skills [Ghost Whisperer MAX level! Dead men tell tales, you just haven't listened hard enough.], [Friends from the Other Side Level 5! Because I've got friends from the other side.] and a unique skill [Helper Summoning (Active) Level 1]." Bebe finally concludes. "The special skills are unlocked when a human is in the presence of ghosts and conversed with them for long periods of time and also when you make strong friendly relations with a number of spirits. Technically you didn't earn them since you weren't human at the time but since your human now and the friendship between you and the ghosts from the last world cannot be considered lost it is valid."

"Interesting," Jia Hyson mutters. "Well they are certainly more practical than some of the other skills I gained."

His special skillset has expanded immensely compared to his measly four skills from before (Animal Charmer Level 2, God's Scribe Level 8, Psychotic Break Level 5 and Burger Prince Level 3). Now he also has:

[Malevolent Intent Level 10]

[If Looks Could Kill (Active) Level 4]

[Voices of the Dead (Active) Level 4]

[Cruel Caress (Active) Level 8]

[Psychotic Euphoria Level 2]

[Psychic Terror (Active) level 3]

[Soul Sucker (Active) Level 4]

[Corruptor of Children Level 2]

He had also earned somewhere in between [Eternal Torment (Active) Level 1! If it's with you baby I can endure any suffering... except for this one.]

In the period this skill is activated Jia Hyson would suffer an incredible, unimaginable amount of pain and gain an incredible amount of power at the same time. Just activating [Eternal Torment] at level 1 increases his power, strength and abilities by 100%, temporarily doubling his stats. At level 2 everything will be tripled, enhanced by 200% and so on and so one. Theoretically it is a miraculous special skill... if you ignore the first part of the description anyway.

Even Jia Hyson, who had already gone through what he had thought was 'an incredible, unimaginable amount of pain' had been a little tempted to try the skill. However torture wasn't like rock-climbing where it isn't so bad the second time round. Torture is either equally or even more bad. There is no less bad, just less torture.

Jia Hyson lights a candle for all the poor ghosts in this world. Anyway, it wasn't his problem anymore. Because he was already OP when the plot started he hadn't need to use such a scary skill. Sure he could've used it on Tian Shun when he had trapped him at the end but honestly, Jia Hyson was so muddled by the betrayal he had forgotten. Even if he hadn't, he might not have necessarily used it.

Now he can also add [Ghost Whisperer MAX level] and [Friends from the Other Side Level 5] to the list.

Jia Hyson: '...' Actually, even if it seems rather impressive, at one glance won't people think I'm a really huge fucking pervert with super heavy tastes with such skills.

Bebe: '...' It's amazing how well the skillset reflects Bebe's really huge fucking pervert of a host with his heavy tastes.

"What are unique skills then?" That Helper Summoning skill mentioned before was very interesting and was not grouped with the other special skills.

"Unique skills are skills unique to the host because of the system. For example a summoner in a fantasy world can summon elemental spirits with the skill [Elemental Summon] but your [Helper Summoning] will let you summon any character from any world that you've been to with an affection rating over 70. Of course since it's only level one you can only randomly summon and one character at a time. Other typical unique skills are the Spatial Storage we already have but another for yourself, Affection Meter, Status Check, Learning Cube and Caught on Camera. You can use your skill tickets to exchange for them."

Jia Hyson whistles. It turns out the true OP skills weren't in the special skills but the unique skills. His eyes brighten. Spatial storage to keep things, Learning Cube to improve skills, Status Check to examine objects and people... If he had more of those skills couldn't he take over his spicy chicken system's job himself?

Bebe: QAQ Suddenly felt a disturbance in Bebe's future financial stability.

Quickly Bebe changes the subject, "Now, now let's look at the bonus points, overall you earn an extra... 7 skill points."

Jia Hyson frowns and opens the receipt that notes down where he gained and lost points over time. Since he improved the plot so much he should be raking it in, this wasn't like where he tweaked and improved the protagonist like the first world which gave a butterfly effect, he literally changed the plot's settings and foundation for the better! "How can that be? See, I earned 60 points for world building and 80 for character development!" He salivates over those numbers greedily, couldn't he make himself half a master of any skill he pleases with that amount alone? Not to mention the other points he earns for the plot twist and such.

"You also lost 180 points for OOC." Bebe scrolls the receipt automatically for Jia Hyson to see the loss highlighted in red. Jia Hyson stared at the highlighted 'OOC' penalty and wanted to cry. He wasn't an actor! No, even actors wouldn't be able to stay in their role for over fifty years. There was no training in the world that could help him maintain that sort of ability okay? "Bai Li Wei may be getting his own prequel in the future and there will be contradictions thanks to your.. ambiguous relationship with Li Guiren and Tian Shun and Bai Li Wei's tragic past of almost getting raped by his family members and getting kidnapped by a cult mainly consisting of men."

Jia Hyson grimaces, "Fine, I get it," It really didn't make sense for Bai Li Wei to not be homophobic or even develop a fear and hatred of men thanks to his previous history of abuse due to his attractiveness. Ironically it wouldn't have been as big a deal if the revamped story was a little less popular since the chances of sequels will be lower if the box office sales weren't great but a sequel meant details and backstory.

Bai Li Wei had great potential to be a cult favourite and that requires decent consistency. As long as if it's well explained it may be okay but movies were unpredictable, who knows if the director will change or the writer was replaced due to reasons and they decide to alter Bai Li Wei due to this small but rather important OOC choice.

After all in his original world homosexuality was still a rather uncool taboo topic, especially in China. While to him, who had lived as Bai Li Wei and sees him as a person, to others Bai Li Wei was a character than can be changed with enough money and power thrown at it. If Jia Hyson had stayed in character and been strictly platonic with the pair, the motivation and actions of Bai Li Wei would be more or less easy to explain, that he was moved by the love of the family he had created and hesitated, making him a nice complex but not too controversial character. But because Jia Hyson couldn't keep it in his ghost pants Bai Li Wei's character had a weakness that may be exploited in a way that was not necessarily for the better.

But what's done is done. The best Jia Hyson could do was try figure out a good balance in keeping the most important aspects of the character he was playing while still allowing himself to be himself to some extent in order to minimise the OOC in the future.

He never thought much about it but after experiencing two worlds and producing so many penalties for OOC, Jia Hyson realised the most unbelievable thing about Quick Transmigration stories was how well everyone can stay in character for so fucking long. All he can say is that while he's always in rather tiny character roles, he's grateful that the system at least gave him characters with personalities that were similar to his own in some particular aspect.

After contemplating some more, it was Jia Hyson's turn to change the subject. Now that all the main formalities for the mission aftermath was done, there was still one pressing question that remained.

"Bebe," Jia Hyson pauses, eyes lingering on his two new shards that were now placed neatly side by side on his desk. One a light pale color that was warm to touch and the other dark in color and cold. They were both jagged and broken pieces roughly around the length of Jia Hyson's middle finger which was a little bigger than the previous pair of shards. "Has your bosses figured out what this is?"

"Wait, let Bebe check Bebe's notifications." Bebe replies quietly, also sensing its host's nerves and was quite nervous itself. This was a very strange thing even for it. "Bebe got new but didn't want to open it until Host was ready."

Jia Hyson smiles. Even if they like to bitch about each other they still held a bond more unshakeable than lovers. He was very grateful for Bebe's support these few weeks and decides silently to forgive him about the laser cannon thing. And the mobile phone plan thing. And...

After a second Bebe made a loud sound of shock, "This, this!"

Instantly Jia Hyson got anxious. "What is it?"

"The shards belong to a Royal system." Bebe's voice was very complicated, unsure what to feel. "Royals are considered the highest tier a system could have and supposedly have the potential to become God. There are only a few hundred Royals in the whole system world."

Jia Hyson was still a little lost. He was aware of the hierarchy, the Royals were like the Princes and Princess of ancient times but at the same time they were like the presidents of modern times because for a long time now there has been no Dragon Emperor to lead them and so the logical result was the Royals become something akin to a democratic monarchy. Of course with the exception of some radical Nobles and Royals that have extreme beliefs that needed to be occasionally weeded out, there was rarely any large scale wars or inner conflicts anymore so there wasn't a huge fuss like if they were humans that were more prone to acting on their inner demons.

Still. It didn't explain why he of all people had found system shards. "I thought Systems don't have a physical body?"

"Normal systems don't," Bebe defends, "But the higher up you go in tier the more information and data and power you gain. While Bebe has never experienced it personally, Bebe knows that Overseers can condense into a semi-physical state for a period of time and Overlords a proper physical state of simple shape. Bebe supposes if its a Royal then..."

"But why would a Royal even do this?" Jia Hyson asks with a burning curiosity, mind whirring, "Could it really be the scenario of backstabbing by a fellow comrade?"

"No intelligent system would leave traces of their enemy alive if that was the case, we've been over this," Bebe impatiently rebuts before its voice goes small and nervous, "Bebe.. Bebe doesn't want to assume but the strongest possibility is... the Royal may have wanted to achieve Godhood." And failed.

If Bebe could think of it, Jia Hyson eventually could too and sighs. After all, who didn't have lofty ambitions. When one is already so high up, the only way they can satisfy their feeling of achievement is to be the highest.

"There's more." Bebe adds, "The two different coloured shards are from the same Royal."

Jia Hyson squints his eyes at the Bebe bangle confused, "Is that.. not good?"

"Generally systems have one base color that can change but usually stay one color. Bebe's is blue with iridescent silvery highlights. It reflects a system's personality and mindset to some extent. There's only one system that has two distinct colours of white and black, and it disappeared ages ago, presumedly from self destruction."

Jia Hyson closes his eyes, it turns out the system shards come from the remnants a glitched Royal, "What's his name?"

"Bebe isn't sure." Bebe mutters, "All Bebe knows from the database is that the Royal is known as the Bipolar Prince, the only system with diagnoses with a genuine mental disorder."

Jia Hyson: '...' It's worse than he thought.

"If it helps," Bebe awkwardly keeps talking through the silence, "The prince isn't actually technically bipolar, it's just he, uh, has two personalities in his data frame for some reason, and Dissociative Identity Disorder, is often misdiagnosed as Bipolar Disorder and Bipolar Prince just sounded better."

The more he listened the more Jia Hyson figured it made a lot of sense. Drake Lanzoni and Monroe Fenwick had differing personalities but still some odd similarities in tastes. Tian Shun and Li Guiren were much more obvious in symbolism, polar opposites in physical constitutions yet intricately linked by blood. Yet at the same time there were still quite a few questions that are left unanswered. And they will probably remain that way for a while.

He sighs. "It turns out my mum was right,"

Bebe: '???'

"I really am attracted to weirdos, psychos and losers." The main character turned cannon fodder, the step brother who didn't achieve anything before leaving, the yandere father and son duo... Actually thinking about that father and son Jia Hyson's expression turns a little odd as he sees the toxic relationship in a whole new light. Is this, ah, what one would call a metaphor for extreme self-hatred?

Bebe: '...' Those guys will cry if they ever heard that.

"Anyway," Bebe coughs, "The systems up top encourage you to keep the shards and do your best to collect them. Systems are very powerful and a Royal wouldn't die from a simple implosion, self-destruction or not, so the fact we're finding shards means that after so long the Prince is recovering himself and slowly piecing together his data. It will be faster if we can keep them all in one place, the shards will be sent back to host to keep in the safe space which other systems are not allowed into, not even Royals. On the off chance the destruction wasn't an act of suicide or a glitch by the prince's, ah, abnormality, then a host's safe space is one of the safest places to leave the shards."

"Sounds good," He wasn't willing to let the shards be destroyed either, no matter how low the chance. The personas in the shards were people that Jia Hyson had grown very fond of and knowing that there were, on some level, still alive in those objects made it even harder for him to let them go. Thinking about it more, the better he felt. Tian Shun and Li Guiren must have had some idea of their true identities at some stage which meant they were probably aware that Jia Hyson wasn't a native to the world.

If that's the case maybe their actions in their last moments... even though he still had gaps in his explanations and doubt and grief was still in his heart, Jia Hyson felt much lighter than he had for a while.

After a few more months of therapy and relaxing in the safe space. Jia Hyson finally decides he's ready to play again.

Also. It turns out you can order a lot of things on BeBay, but apparently sex is not one of them. And there are only so many things you can do with your hand and a back massager.

Bebe: '..Host is from now on banned from all vibrating objects unless strictly supervised.'

Jia Hyson: 'It's no use Bebe, you'll only excite me further-"

Bebe: '...' Yup. Host is definitely back.

"Because Host chose the very challenging Skill Upgrade World after a period of grief and depression, and furthermore that world was a horror world with Host's identity as a villainous ghost that feeds off negative energy, the Overseers on account for your mental well-being have decided to agree to two request worlds." Bebe informs him after Jia Hyson tells him he's ready, "Essentially you can make one request for your identity or for the story world you will enter two times. For example wanting to be the emperor or going to a celebrity-type story."

"They really treat us well ah," Jia Hyson whistles admiringly. On top of two months of free therapy and medication they even give them this? Who would rebel? Only morons would turn into Worldbreakers!

"With high risk and high demand, obviously the worker benefits must also be not bad," Bebe sounds smug, "Of course there are also restrictions. It's one request only per world. If you request to be an emperor with a huge army you may end up a zombie emperor in an apocalypse scenario- that won't happen of course. The Overseers will make sure that the world will have a low chance of negatively impacting your mental state too much so no horror or apocalyptic stories and even some bloody, realistic historical ones may be censored temporarily from your options. But still."

Jia Hyson nods, "Makes sense, so other than choosing something clearly detrimental to my health I should be able to request whatever I want? What if I want to be a mermaid-angel prince with long flowing hair the color like Hatsune Miku's, a beautiful white holy sword and... a really high sex drive!"

Bebe: '...'

"This.." Bebe says helplessly, its host was really something else, "we can put in the request to see if they can find anything in the data but for something that specific you will have to wait a while. In fact, what you can do if they can't find what you want is make a booking for any world with such a character in it and do the first request world. If the first world is completed and there is still not a match you can make a different second request. The booking will serve as a reserve request world, meaning if your mental state decreases to a certain point in the future or you earn a special reward and by then we found a 85% match or higher to your request, then we will immediately notify you and ask if you would like to enter."

"Amazing!" Jia Hyson exclaims happily, he was not stingy with his praise, "This service is really too good! Truly VIP treatment! First-class!"

"Hahaha," Bebe laughs proudly as if it was Bebe responsible for the whole idea, "Of course, of course! We systems are far superior to those greedy small-minded systems in the stories!"

"Definitely! Definitely!" Jia Hyson agrees genuinely. Most system stories would at best give the host some time to recuperate in a strange space for however long they wished. If the main character was the cold and calculating OP type and the system was the cute, dumb pet type, then maybe the MC can bully out some benefits out of their system like getting x amount of points at the very start or cheaper goods at the shop. Some systems have ill intentions that act like evil spirits who suck the energy out of their hosts, and some systems are like internet ads with a sense of awareness, trying to sell, sell, sell their products until their hosts curse them away. None have ever talked about employee benefits or provided stress relief items like FishBall the bunny or Request Worlds set on Easy Mode... it really is too good ah. "Let's do it!"

"Okay!" Bebe cries out excitedly, caught up in the atmosphere before quickly sobering, "Do what?"

"Put the request in!"

Bebe pauses. "...Wait, host was serious?"

Jia Hyson nods furiously like a hungry chick pecking for rice, "Yes! Of course! I mean, I wasn't before but now that I have the option why not ah? I would like to see what sort of story will require a mermaid-angel prince with long flowing hair the color like Hatsune Miku's, a beautiful white holy sword and a really high sex drive!" He pauses a bit before adding excitedly, "And increased sensitivity!"

"Fuck your increased sensitivity! Bebe hopes you end up in an extremist Christian made novel where homosexuals get burned at the stake!" Bebe curses angrily. It has to give this request to it's superiors! There will be a lot of face lost here!

Now it's Jia Hyson's turn to pause for a lengthy amount of time, "Wait. That's a real thing?"

"...Yes but you can put it on the list of stories that you can reject. If Host truly feels like there are certain worlds or people you cannot live in you can choose to reject it but must give a proper reason to it such as trauma, religious beliefs, morals etcetera. Most worlds are filtered to not cross your bottom lines though so even though many complain, they don't have the clout to demand a world change." Bebe reluctantly explains. Even if it wants to lie for the sake of annoying it's host it has great pride in the way the system world is run. "..I've typed in the request. Currently there are no matches so please give me your next request."

Jia Hyson pets Fishball thoughtfully for a moment before his heart quickly picks what it has wanted for two lifetimes, "I want to be a person who is rich! Good food is easy to get! A doting family! A sexy body! In short, a person born at the peak of life!"

That one was much easier to get. Immediately Bebe gets approval from it's overseer.

"Initializing.. prepare for transmigration in 3... 2... 1..."




When Jia Hyson comes to he's sitting on a soft couch in a foreign place overlooking the sea. A young beautiful dark-skinned lady was kneeling beside him feeding him grapes while the smell of roast meat and something like curry wafts through the air, making his mouth water subconsciously.

Accessing his memory he realizes he is Farrell Abioye of the Abioye royal family.

The fourth prince of Samotrelis.

'Now this is what I'm talking about!' Jia Hyson exclaims inside his head, 'finally, I knew there is mercy in the coding! Send me the story,'

The story is called High-class Heartache. It's a dog blooded story about childhood sweethearts and cut-throat corporate business.

Song Chuntao, the protagonist and the male lead, Zheng Jinhai, knew each other since they were two years old thanks to their parents being close friends. They fell in love in middle school. However, the Zheng family was nurturing a white-eyed wolf that was an adopted young girl, Zheng Ting, who wanted to marry Zheng Jinhai and solidify her place in the rich family.

Why did the Zheng family adopt a little orphan girl despite having two handsome to death sons? Who the fuck knows.

Anyway, because the Songs were very nice and welcoming, and Song Chuntao treated her like a sister, Zheng Ting was given a lot of access to places in the Song household and took photos of important documents to give to the greedy uncle Zheng Yanda. Zheng Yanda is a close confidant to the male lead's father, Zheng Guo who is of course in charge of the company. With his brother's guidance, Zheng Guo obliviously gives the green-light to snatch up these golden projects from the Song family's hands earning their hatred and resentment. The Song family lashed out but the Zheng family felt wronged by this and also fought back, causing the smaller Song family to be pressured and move overseas.

Song Chuntao was influenced by this, seeing first hand how her family was suffering because of the Zheng's and coldly broke it off with a pleading Zheng Jinhai. Even though she still held soft feelings for him, she could not stand what his family has done. To further incite the flames, Zheng Ting implied how it was Zheng Jinhai that had used her affections to steal the documents, showing Song Chuntao the photos that she stole and transferred onto his phone. This caused Song Chuntao to vow revenge on the Zheng family, Zheng Jinhai especially.

Fifteen years later Song Chuntao came back a successful rising businesswoman of the Rising Star company, eager to make Zheng Jinhai pay. However, what she didn't expect was- Zheng Jinhai had amnesia!

Yes, that's right, the typical amnesia card has been played! In the future it is explained that Zheng Jinhai has grown suspicious, especially at Song Chuntao's parting words filled with disdain and hatred, so he investigated like a smart person and then confronted Zheng Ting with no witnesses around like an absolute fucking dumbass.

Because she was his sister he gave the typical, 'You have three days to confess before I do it for you,' before the girl promptly panicked at the declaration and pushed him in front of an oncoming car.

Miraculously his body was okay save for the broken leg, fractured shoulder and amnesia. Zheng Ting and the greedy uncle Zheng Yanda take this opportunity to cover up their misdeeds and life went on until Song Chuntao came back.

Obviously Song Chuntao was pissed. She went through so much pain crawling her way to the top and her archenemy didn't know she existed. That just wouldn't do!

They're first meeting after a long separation was... less than great. Zheng Jinhai held a bad impression of this 'crazy madwoman' and Song Chuntao was filled with suppressed rage at his attitude.

Zheng Ting who who is currently Zheng Jinhai's fiance and has a lot of power and influence right now obviously gets threatened by her and does a lot of shitty things including drugging her and putting her in a well known lecher's hotel room. Song Chuntao believes some of it to be Zheng Jinhai's doing who she now sees as complete scum and does her best to dodge these traps and counterattack subtly.

Jia Hyson sighs as he continues skimming. It's pretty decent to be honest but this sort of story wasn't really his thing so he was a little bored. He prefers lighthearted comedy to this sort of long winded drama. Anyway Song Chuntao then decided to play honeypot, disguising herself and applying to be Zheng Jinhai's secretary. You know, like normal people would.

Zheng Jinhai was very impressed by her persona's good work and intrigued by her cold attitude. Stuff happens, he falls in love first and she softens her attitude, provoked by his doting which reminds her of the good old days. However Song Chuntao was still conflicted, this was the guy who almost ruined her family! But, but, he lost his memory! He can't be held responsible can he? Ah, so much confusion and internal conflict... so boring...

Jia Hyson yawns a little and gestures for the pretty servant girl to put a grape into his mouth, thanking her sweetly and making her smile adoringly. 'Bebe... the writing is decent, the plot seems a little overdone but it's not terrible- what's the rating?'

If Bebe could it would roll it's eyes before replying, '2.8 stars.'

Jia Hyson blinks, 'What, how can that be?' Even though he doesn't like it, objectively he would give it at least over 3.5 stars. Most romance stories like this are quite popular and even the bad ones can get up to 4 stars.

Curious, he forces himself to continue reading. At first he was seriously confused. The cannon fodder were varied between typical dumb reckless types that were fun to face slap quickly and conniving greedy types that took a bit longer to deal with but eventually were satisfactorily face-slapped. Of course the main villain was still alive and well but who would kill off their most important antagonist in the beginning of the story? Jia Hyson was assuming Zheng Ting's true face will be revealed in the middle, face-slapped a few chapters later after something elaborate like kidnapping, then does a comeback after forming an alliance with a family rival for the final big bang.

Which does happen. Eventually. Jia Hyson knows his cliches. However after finishing the story his face was black. Because he knew now why the rating was so low.

The male love interest... gets amnesia too many times!

The author must have gotten excited by the initial good reception from the first plot twist of amnesia because afterwards the poor male lead seems to constantly suffer from it at certain intervals of the story. The first car crash due to Zheng Ting was understandable. Then, it was a bit frustrating but still, Jia Hyson can stomach that right after the pairing had their first night together Zheng Jinhai has to leave early due to work reasons and then, because coincidentally Zheng Ting somehow found out like damn that girl should have gone into intelligence like what, she arranged for someone to push him into the street again. Zheng Jinhai narrowly escapes but then he slips on a puddle and hits the back of his head on a wall and forgets the night before making Song Chuntao angry and confused at his change in attitude.

However, the third time amnesia strikes.. Zheng Jinhai protects Song Chuntao from hired thugs or something, very cooly defeating them all but at the last minute uses his body as a shield for Song Chuntao and gets hit by a crowbar. He completely loses his memories, forgetting who he is completely and becoming dependent on Song Chuntao like an imprinted bird.

Zheng Jinhai was punched by the second male lead in a confrontational fight scene after the second male lead found out what happened to Song Chuntao and fell down a flight of stair. He lost his memories and regressed to the mindset of a teenager.

Zheng Jinhai after being held gun point by Zheng Ting who was threatening him with Song Chuntao's safety in exchange for marriage jumps off a cliff, into the sea and once again completely loses his memories and is temporarily adopted by fishermen.

Zheng Jinhai realises he's 'not good' for Song Chuntao, thinks she can do much better than him and his messed up family (Zheng Ting who at that point hooks up with an underground boss somehow) and breaks up with her, he goes to a hypnotherapist to seal off his memories of his love for her, completely forgetting her existence.

Zheng Jinhai is sabotaged by a different second male lead a month before the wedding making him forget...

Zheng Jinhai after being hit by a baseball on their picnic date...

After passing out from overheating in the hot springs Zheng Jinhai...

Jia Hyson: '...' What the fuck is this?

'Bebe is the male lead's skull made from eggshell?' Jia Hyson was a little concerned for this world's male lead. Ignoring the fairly bad luck unfitting a male lead, wouldn't so much head trauma cause brain damage? Even from overheating in a hot spring...

'That... shouldn't be.' Bebe also sounded uncertain. It had also never come across a domineering CEO male lead that was so 'delicate'. 'Do you want to read the reviews?'

This time Jia Hyson shakes his head, 'No, I, heh, I think I know what the problem is,' Even though it was quite a unique problem indeed, the systems did not lie in saying this world was on easy mode. Other than the problem of recurring amnesia the rest of the story was fine. That is to say, as long as Jia Hyson establishes himself as a character that can occasionally pop in to save the male lead's head every few months he can happily go about his rich life as a wealthy prodigal prince of.. Samotrelis?

He looks down at his body and frowns. Currently he looks quite young, twelve or thirteen maximum however that wasn't the problem. The problem was his skin was a light milk coffee brown and he was wearing some rather exotic foreign clothing that was a mix of African, Balinese or Malaysian. He couldn't recognize it. Nor could he recall such a place called Samotrelis every existing. Which meant he won't necessarily be able to adapt.

With a calm outside that didn't match his anxious insides, Jia Hyson sat up from his lazy half laying on the couch, gently dismissed the servant girl from the room and walked toward the nearest full length mirror his unabsorbed memories could provide.

For a young teenager he was quite tall. His skin was dark but not very dark, and soft with only some faint callouses on his hands which shows that he's living quite well inside what looks to be a palace. His face... his face was so hot! Even though he was young he could be considered a top tier hottie. Unlike Bai Li Wei who was a streak of untouchable moonlight, pure with a hint of sultry coquettishness, this body was the complete opposite, sexy and wild yet restrained in a noble arrogant temperament.

His hair was tied up in a pony tail, black waves of thick locks falling down to the middle of his back like a waterfall constantly in motion. His phoenix eyes still kept a slight slant like they always did but it made his defined facial features constantly exude an uncontrollable lazy seductiveness, with a cat like golden coloring shining through his eyes making him look like some sort of young panther prince god in human form. This was further emphasized by his slim but not thin frame that held the beginnings of muscle definition.

If this was a yaoi manga about Arabian princes, he would be the younger brother of the main gong crown prince. Maybe when he grows up he may actually develop into the appearance of a gong crown prince! How exciting!

Except... in the context of this story of corporate Romeo and Juliet...

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe...'

Bebe: 'Um.'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe where am I?'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Am I one of the background students in their childhood? A rich foreign exchange student?'

Bebe: 'No.'

Jia Hyson: 'Am I one of the teachers? A prince who decides to try live the commoner life and goes to China to fulfill his dream to be a teacher and ends up in their school?'

Bebe: 'No.'

Jia Hyson: 'Am I one of the business corporate executives when the male lead starts up his own business? A foreign friend? Or an overseas contact? This country probably has a lot of, uh, resources, so, like, I could have-'

Bebe: 'No.'

Jia Hyson: '...so I'm just a random foreign prince completely unrelated to the story?'

Bebe: '...You're mentioned to have attended a high society event in the context of emphasizing how upper class and exclusive it is.'

Bebe brings out the a paragraph, 'Even the beloved fourth prince of Samotrelis, a small exotic island filled with gold, oil and various bountiful goods, was present. It was known as Luxury Island and not even the world leaders much less the Zhengs could dare think of offending them. Rumors had it the eldest Zheng son had just established a trade contract with them earning much envy and awe from the other families.'

Jia Hyson wants to cry. In the first world he was a character only present in the first few chapters. In the second world he had roughly around seven or eight lines about him. Now, he only had three sentences! Only one was actually about him! Will he really be an original character unrelated to the story next time??

He takes it back! The Systems have no mercy! Fuck the system!

The fucked system Bebe: '...'

After bitching and moaning for a bit longer, Jia Hyson decides to stop being dramatic and act a bit more professional. He hasn't gotten full access to his memories yet but he wants to hear the objective information before he takes the time to absorb the original's life story. "Is there any more information about the country the story provides?"

Bebe makes an awkward coughing noise and Jia Hyson's stomach drops, "It's used to describe a change in economic stability for luxury goods in order to faceslap one of Zheng Tian's plans... Samotrelis experiences an uprising due to the dissatisfaction of the common people toward the royalty in around ten years or so, the incompetent king is beheaded, the greedy queen sent to work in brothel, the brothers are sent to work in the mines and the fourth prince..."

"Oh god," Jia Hyson groans, burying his face into his hands in dismay, despite having such an unimportant character with such great environmental conditions in the story he certainly has one big fucking pit for himself. As expected of a dog blood drama even this incredibly insignificant character will not be left out ah. He may have wished to be living at the peak of life but in retrospect doesn't that tell him that his future could only get worse from then on?

"The fourth prince..." Bebe sounds incredibly awkward, "Since the rebel leader was the fourth prince's bodyguard he personally witnessed the debauchery, corruption and chaos the spoiled prince had made firsthand, and felt special hatred toward him. Therefore he was raped by slaves for ten day, chopped up his limbs to feed to the fishes before feeding the still alive prince to octopi."

Jia Hyson: '...' What exactly did this original body do?

That's a really fucking cruel death okay? Even without that zoology degree Jia Hyson likes marine creatures so he understands that in this situation bringing out a shark would've been far more merciful than an octopus. Octopus are curious creatures that like to play and explore, their suckers make it hard to resist, they're rather strong depending on species and, plus they have beaks. It's a slow, tortuous and frankly deeply uncomfortable death.

Honestly if he had the resources he would have definitely killed someone in that manner in the last world.

However he quickly adjusted his mood. The reason why the revolt happened was because the original character was probably a typical rich tyrant who indulged in pleasure no matter who has to pay the price. All Jia Hyson has to do is not rpe, kill people for stupid reasons and steal from the poor which, like, isn't that hard. He doesn't understand how other people make it sound like such a fucking trial to be a decent human being but whatever.

His family... he'll do his best but if they end up being pigheaded teammates Jia Hyson feels no guilt in letting them burn.

After all, a violent downfall of a monarchy is usually a result of some truly heinous crimes from royalty or at the very least a high death rate caused by the corruption of nobility. Of course there are occasions where one could argue that this or that uprising was also due to the greed and ambition of a few prominent rebel leaders as well as some unlucky external factors like great periods of drought and some poor planning with good intentions from the upper half of society but who really knows. The point is these things have occurred all throughout history both fictional and non-fictional and generally in romantic fiction, the rebels almost always win. Especially if the rebels had a decent reason and the leader was as hot as their burning desire for justice.

Jia Hyson: 'Mmnn... maybe if I'm lucky I could play out Humiliated Prince and Pining Rebel Leader?'

Bebe: '...' Don't say anything. Just. Ignore him. Maybe he'll go away.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe.'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe.'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe.'

Bebe: '...what?'

Jia Hyson: 'I'm so horny.'

Bebe:  




So after absorbing the memory of Farrell, Jia Hyson frowns.

Currently he's only nine, it's just that his race not unlike Africans were much more physically, ah, well-endowed than the generally smaller Chinese so he estimated it wrong. While Samotrelis relies on exporting their goods for income, they had a history like China of being closed off from the world. Only in the last century did they open their borders. It's not a short amount of time but it's certainly not a long amount either and so many older Samotrelians were still wary about sharing their treasures with the outsiders.

Honestly, if Jia Hyson is going to be honest, Samotrelis' issues sounds a lot like Wakanda from the Marvel universe. Except less futuristic and badass. The tribes of the island were named after animals, there was conflict about staying isolated or not, and the royalty were not like those in Ancient China who could choose to be delicate scholars no, the royals must all be warriors in blood and body.

Education is also important as well of course but not all the princes and princesses have to be intellectually superior or artistically talented or even very beautiful, as long as they can wield a weapon and fight just as well as any average soldier they will be considered to live up to their royal bloodline.

Anyway, not only can he get context about the world from his memories but he can also see the original's future to the extent of the plot. Of course the original died before the plot ended but still. What he saw was the reason for his frowning expression.

To Farrell, the Abioye family was very nice to him. Farrell was the youngest prince with three older brothers and two older sisters and the parents had a strong, stable relationship. The King Kro Abioye was a king that has neither made any big achievements nor any big problems. His father, Farrell's grandfather, was the one that silenced all the radicals' protests against opening the borders. The current generation of royalty was already more or less recovered from the civil war so there really wasn't much to do in comparison. The queen also does not do much other than occasional charity.

The three brothers are, in order, Asafa, Chuma and Jaleel. Asafa, the eldest at twenty-three and Chuma, the second eldest boy at twenty-one, were of course placed at a higher importance in terms of grooming for kingship. However there was no big rivalry between them as Asafa was clearly the most suitable leader out of the pair, he was eloquent, patient and held an interest in government. Asafa's preferred weapon is the most traditional spear which reflects him well. Chuma in contrast is a warrior through and through, fiery, muscle-brained and a vicious love for fighting that is more suited in battle than on the throne. Chuma chooses the heavyweight sword or axe for fighting.

Jaleel, the third brother was the prankster of the group but he was also very cunning. In fact he was better than Asafa in politics and trickery, and he was also more agile than Chuma. Jaleel wields daggers as his preferred weapon and many have considered grooming him to look after their intelligence group despite his relatively young age of sixteen.

The two sisters are Amina and Koffi. Amina, the eldest sister who was nineteen years old was the cool older sister type very similar to Asafa who she has greatly admired since young and has taken to learning about the country's economics and good exportation business in order to help. Like Asafa, she also wields the traditional spear.

Koffi is the second daughter and the second youngest in the family at only eleven years old, she is currently most avid about shiny things and is very interested in the topic of ore mining. Despite her young age many have placed high expectations on her since she has revealed a high intellect and a photographic memory.

In short, the family was filled with talented people and none of them seemed to have any big problems. The girls had a spending habit but it was for vanity's sake and they didn't burn enough money for it to be an issue. Jaleel's tricks can be annoying, even infuriating, and has offended quite a few of the narrow minded elders with his actions but many still consider it humorous and the children and young people in the surrounding area liked him well enough. There really wasn't anything too terrible about this generation of royals.

Well. Except for Farrell himself of course.

Farrell was probably the black sheep. The prodigal son. The no good second rich generation cannonfodder. He skipped classes to play. He slept around. Threw money around. Went to clubs and parties every night. Gambled. Abused his authority as a prince and foreign diplomat. Even did drugs and used underhanded means to take any pretty thing he was interested in, willing or not.

In summary, Farrell was the type to do anything in the pursuit of pleasure.

Bebe: 'Host! I don't think you have to worry about OOC this time!' (^^):

Jia Hyson: '...'   What the heck does that mean?

He was a good and pure little author okay! He didn't.. uh, well, he certainly never... um, then he definitely had not once did... Well he didn't go to party and clubs every day! And, and everyone he slept with were of perfectly consensual means!

Bebe: '...That's the only thing you can say in defense?'

Jia Hyson: 'I don't know, does trying marijuana and aphrodisiacs count as drugs?'

Bebe: 'Technically yes.'

Jia Hyson: 'Does using my fame to get free cookie at Subway count as abusing my status?'

Bebe: 'Bebe.. Bebe is more concerned that you couldn't fork out two dollars for a Subway cookie. But Bebe supposes so yes.'

Jia Hyson: 'Well then yes, that's all I can in my defence then.'  

Bebe: '...'

However of course there was always a reason behind how people grew up. Well usually. Farrell was well loved, spoiled and doted on by his family since young. Not because of talent or intellect or even necessarily fighting prowess- though his combat skills were quite good even if his strength was lacking. But because he was the youngest and the best looking child in the family.

Yeah. Sometimes even warriors can be face-cons.

In China, heck, even America or Africa, Farrell could be considered quite a manly catch. He exuded male pheromones, he was muscled but deceptively lean, very tall at 1.9 meters, his skin was exotic but not too dark giving him a mixed race look, his face was a little androgynous but it is clear from the his distinctive and strong facial features that he is certainly all man, albeit a strikingly gorgeous to the point of beautiful one. Not to mention, his looks were further accentuated by his slanted golden eyes that gave a sense of wildness and fantasy.

But in Samotrelis he was considered very, ah, well, very girly. Less than that really. 

Honestly Jia Hyson has to say it must be a mutation or something. Samotrelis is filled with very good looking individuals but they were all fierce wild jungle men slash body builders and muscled amazon goddesses. Farrell who was born more sleek and lithe like a wildcat, and with lighter brown skin, looked like a small delicate flower in comparison. There were also a few people who didn't like this 'weak' appearance, thinking the paler skin tone was a sign of illness and fragile femininity that a real warrior shouldn't have. To the Samotrelians the pale skin was exotic and foreign which gives a novelty and charm, but at the same time people were still quite xenophobic and had a lot of prejudice over this. Farrell was fortunately a prince and therefore with the royal family backing him, his appearance and good body and facial structure, allowed him to be praised rather than disdained.

Everyone worked out in Samotrelis which values strength, but no matter how much Farrell tried he couldn't gain the same bulk, or tan as his brothers and sisters making him forever a sick baby in the country's eyes even when he was an adult. He was even a little shorter than the average adult woman there. It's a little amazing how one's world view changes their perception, and then how that perception will colour a person in their eyes.

It's probably why Farrell rebelled so much in retrospect. Like Miley Cyrus who wanted to change her image from sweet Disney star to something more hardcore. It didn't really work and only got him gored by an octopus in the end but like, Jia Hyson sort of gets it.

However, no matter how shitty Farrell acted, it really doesn't warrant such a big response. Yeah, rpe and such is a terrible crime, awful really but not enough to warrant an entire royal family getting overthrown. Like the family were a little guilty but realistically at most it would be Farrell himself getting the worst punishment of death, or maybe just exile because the world isn't super fair when the criminal is royalty.

After all this story is based in the modern world where a politician can reduce a life sentence and crime can go unpunished under the eyes of the law. Unless the Abioyes did human experimentation or something equally as sinister and large scale, the people of Samotrelis shouldn't be so displeased that they would destroy their way of life. It took them years of convincing and infighting just to agree to open their borders to outsiders, it's clear from that fact alone how conservative and deeply entrenched in preserving their culture and way of life they are.

Jia Hyson frowns as he tries to ponder on it. The memories of Farrell are a little vague and very subjective, maybe as the baby of the family he just wasn't exposed to the dark side of Somatrelis' nobility? He can only take it one step at a time in regards to this and observe carefully.

Fortunately for Jia Hyson, he has no intention of posturing the ideal for straight male cancer. Let him be doted and babied! Let them treat him like a pretty little wildflower amongst the muscle-y trees. In a way, Bebe was correct that he shouldn't be fined for OOC this time. Not only was he a child that can shift their personality without too much fuss, he wasn't even considered a character with any impact to the story whatsoever, he was practically an OC (original character) that can do whatever the hell he wants.

And what he wants is to not die viva la rebellion.

And also hot, steamy casual sex. Which by the way, Samotrelis is totally cool with. A celebration of life and such. Homosexuality is also not considered a large deal, however at the same time large families are also encouraged.

It's a little strange but the larger the family, the less of an issue it becomes for a person in that family to reveal inclinations toward the same sex. In a way what isn't discriminated isn't sexuality but the size of the household. Not only is it a symbol of their wealth and capability to support such a large amount of people, it is believed more siblings mean more potential for success and higher chances to produce offspring. It also gives more freedom and less stress among siblings to uphold the family's expectations.

With Jia Hyson being the youngest among six siblings, and with all the other siblings being so fucking talented, he's pretty much able to do whatever he wants.

He looks around at his gorgeous large and lavish bedroom and smiles. This world really was on easy mode.

"Your highness," A low quiet voice rasped at the door, gently knocking it, "Your parents are calling you for dinner,"

"Thank you.. Johan," Jia Hyson calls out, "I'll be right out," Johan was the king's aide of the palace, he used to be one of the best warriors in the capital but got hurt rescuing the current king from an arson attempt on his life by the radical conservatives that didn't like the previous king's (Farrell's grandfather) changes to their way of life. Because of his valiant sacrifice to save the crown prince, he was given a position to serve as a military advisor to the king and when he grew older became an aide living a leisurely life in the palace. He's considered a close family friend and Chuma and Farrell's godfather.

He waits for a moment to make sure Johan has left though he couldn't be too sure. If his memories serve him well Samotrelis was not only top of the line in luxury goods such as gems, pearls, food and other natural resources but also in their strength. Johan was very old but he had been a top notch example of the country's power and could still walk without making a sound.

Samotrelians took inspiration from their wildlife and have developed various animal-based Kung fu type styles by themselves though that's probably because the Author God was most likely Chinese and thus influenced the country somewhat. Either way this place was just one giant golden finger. The only problem was the future rebellion thing which suggests that all isn't as perfect as it is on the surface.

Heading to the closet, he grabs a handwoven high collar, long sleeved shirt to cover his bare upper torso. The fashion here was, as expected for a country stubborning trying to stay set in it's old ways, very cultural and tribal, so usually they would wear cloth robes which would cover one shoulder or they would be completely bare chested. Women would generally have cloth that covered their chest, wrapped around like a tube top, and skirts.

Animals fur was also used as capes or replace cloth, as well as decorative functions alongside gems, shells and all sorts of other things one can find on this illogically bountiful island country. Of course by interacting more with the outside world these past few decades people have slowly started to introduce modern fashion to the populace. Western clothing was becoming a more common sight much to a few of the older generation's dismay. However even they had to admit that long sleeved shirts and pants were very useful in avoiding bug bites, if quite restraining over their large muscles and stature. Most adults prefer the traditional style of clothing or casual western sportswear. Formal western clothing were mainly for the younger generation.

With that in mind it was quite easy to imagine how buff these people actually are, requiring specially tailored formal wear whenever they had to go overseas for business purposes.

Strolling through the palace halls, Jia Hyson couldn't help but secretly gawk and gasp as he walked by expensive golden tribal totems and decorations that would make Indiana Jones drool with envy, the lavish carvings in the white stone walls, the jewels embedded everywhere... he's visited a lot of cultural sites around the world but those were old and worn down by time, and the new ones were tourist attractions that, while impressive, did not hold the same dominating exclusivity and feeling of old cultural history. Jia Hyson had always thought that in his original life when he became rich and famous he had been living like a king but now, as a real prince, he realised how wrong he's been!

Every person he passes by will bow to him! Every guard will nod their head in deference! This sort of power felt... really good!

Jia Hyson: 'Hahaha! Kneel you peasants! Kneel! Kneel before your liege!'

Bebe: '...' Less than five minutes and the power of royalty has already gone into his head. Somehow Bebe thinks it may actually be very difficult for Host not to incite a rebellion.

However no matter how arrogant and despotic Jia Hyson's thoughts were, his face was calm, serene and polite, smiling softly every time they bow to him. Many servants immediately gained a better impression of him. It turns out, the big scolding from the king this morning finally got through to the naughty young prince!

The Samotrelians were rather simple and honest people. Even though previously they all felt secretly a little dissatisfied by the spoilt, ill-tempered child's attitude, his adorable good looks had curbed their unhappiness somewhat, producing the impression of a naughty child instead of a small tyrant. Now that the small prince was acting less irate they were willing to quickly forgive and forget. Besides, the child was so cute and pleasing to the eye! As long as Prince Farrell was not completely irrational and corrupted, they will be happy no matter what. Once again they praise their king for hardening his heart to scold his beloved baby!

Jia Hyson eventually enters the dining hall where a long well polished wood table immediately catches one's eye. On it was an assortment of delicious cuisine that Jia Hyson, who still hasn't fully gotten over not eating for a lifetime, found himself salivating over. The stimulating smells of spices, curry and meat made his mouth itch and curse the fact he couldn't just swallow the table whole.

At the head of the table is a large man who looks like the physical incarnation of a rhino dressed in rustic red cloth lined in shining gold. By his side is an almost equally large woman in a white and gold dress who resembles a lion. A male lion.

Around the table were clearly younger, but not smaller, people. Three men and two women, each as handsome as they are fierce, intimidating and full of strength. Even the youngest looking girl, Koffi who was only three years older than Farrell, looked like she could fight a medium-sized wild boar barehanded and win.

Jia Hyson stares at his new family, then looks at himself with a strange face.

Farrell's body type would be considered top class anywhere else in the world. Even as an eight year old he would be taller and fitter than the global average but compared to these giants, he really looked like a sickly and soft brown rabbit in a family of gorillas.

He had already known that he was born with a weaker appearance, even though his fighting prowess was not bad, and he was less robust and not as dark skinned as the others but now, seeing face to face the comparison between himself and his blood related relatives Jia Hyson really felt the difference between heaven and earth. Immediately his head was filled with messy ideas.

Could a simple genetic mutation even explain such a difference?

Could he be adopted?

Did his father cheat on his mother?

Was he born out of a stray peach floating down the river?!

It's too unscientific!

'Bebe can reveal that Prince Farrell Abioye is indeed the blood related child of the king and queen.'

'Impossible,' Jia Hyson silently spat, 'Can you not see these people are clearly the incarnations of big predators and this Laozi is a small house cat! No wonder Farrell was such an overcompensating dick! I bet everyone's dicks are bigger than mine here!' Then he pauses and briefly imagines exactly how big the spears these people were packing down there were.

Bebe: '...' Why did you bring dick size into this? Is that all you can think of?

"Farrell!" The lion-like woman's brown eyes brighten at the sight of her smallest and sweetest looking child. She was the only one who didn't hold the golden eyes that represents the royal bloodline but under the lighting there was a glimmer of yellow present that showed that she held some remnants of royal blood from her ancestors. "I'm so glad you came! I was worried that you would not leave your room after.." She glances at the man sitting at the head of the table. The man lowers his head looking guilt-ridden and regretful.

Jia Hyson pauses, searching through the most recent memories he had before his face spasms.

It seems that even at eight, Farrell was quite a spoiled brat. Picking fights and using his authority to order around people half to death. He was extremely self-conscious of his 'feminine' appearance, which honestly was fair, and would punish anyone who he thought looked down on him, found his looks funny or pitied him and his scrawny body.

This was due to being secretly mocked by the other noble children he had to play with in the palace. Since the prince was young he wasn't allowed to leave the palace grounds without apt supervision, because of obvious reasons. Therefore in order for him to socialize, influential families like branches of royalty or tribe leaders will push some children Farrell's age to be his playmates.

Unfortunately those playmates were not exactly very nice and liked to bully and tease Farrell as well as mock his 'girlish' looks, his paler skin, and make him cry. Farrell had a lot of pride and was instilled since young to understand the weight of the royal blood he wields so he didn't dare admit that he was being teased and made fun of to his parents, especially since it would only highlight exactly what they were mocking him about. This in turn made Farrell want to act more tyrannical to show that he wasn't a helpless weak baby, to the point where he accidentally injured a servant the day before and was given a huge scolding from his father that he deeply respected.

The original Farrell had felt resentful and hurt. Children weren't able to think so complexly and for a boy like Farrell who had never heard a bad thing from his parents, this unexpected harsh scolding and subsequent punishment was like hearing a clap of thunder for the first time. Farrell saw himself, maybe not necessarily the victim but at the very least not in the wrong. Jia Hyson isn't sure but the fact is, afterwards Farrell was quiet for only a few weeks before beginning to act up even more than before. And so he begun his road to becoming a prodigal no good prince. It was a hopeless situation. If he was punished he would become worse after a few weeks but if they let him continue with blind eyes there was also no improvement.

Luckily, Jia Hyson has no desire to act like that. He was raised in a normal environment. Even if he didn't actually turn out normal, his manners were still very good and his attitude in public was equally very good if a little quiet at times if they drag on for too long. Many people had praised his gentle yet funny personality, though the people who really knew him just scoffed and called him two-faced. Which, was super rude, but whatever.

The point was, he was the type of person who didn't like asking salespeople in shops for help and disliked people that abused those that worked in customer service. This dislike further grew when he actually had to work in customer service jobs in the first world as Adrian. How could he have the face to tyrannically order servants around? To not even say please or thank you to these fellow human beings? Are you kidding? His mother would rise up from the grave to slap him ah! He couldn't play such a character!

Quickly he amends his expression into an awkward smile, and half bows in an expression of apologetic courtesy that his tutors had taught him, "Don't worry, I needed to hear what father said. This prince has reflected and wants to change his ways and better himself to be more like his parents and siblings."

His brothers and sisters looked surprised before nodding in satisfaction. His mother was also the same in response, but with a touch of motherly 'Aw they grow up so fast' nostalgia. His father was more shocked, having seen the reluctance firsthand while he was scolding Farrell, however quickly that was replaced with happiness and fatherly pride.

"I knew you had it in you Farrell. You're a good boy and all you needed was a good stern wake up call to get on the right track," King Kro praises, a hint of smugness directed at his wife. Queen Bayana however just glared at him, making the almighty looking beast of a man shrink back.

"You didn't have to be quite so harsh though!" The Queen says irritatedly, it was clear that they've bickered about this a lot today. To her, Farrell was the runt of the pack, quite literally, plus he was the cutest and best looking so obviously she felt a much more softer protective feeling than looking at her rougher children that could break stones with their fists. Even though mothers say they don't, they will inevitably compare their children. Against the other other siblings that were already quite outstanding in their strength for their age, Farrell was, well... it's a wonder that the woman didn't believe that a small breeze could kill her youngest to be honest. "And the punishment was too much! Farrell was probably so scared that his personality turned mild so quickly!"

King Kro sighs, it was a sigh filled with remorse. To be honest he too felt the same overprotective feelings toward Farrell however as a king and a father he had to be the stronger disciplinarian of the pair. Because it certainly was not going to be his wife that was for sure. "Your right again Bayana,"

Golden eyes look at Farrell with the sort of emotion that comes when you mistakenly thought that your best friend cheated on you and only then after beating him black and blue do you find out he has been helping your girlfriend look for wedding rings for you two this whole time. "Farrell forgive me, even as a punishment, to only have one servant take care of you for a month was a bit much. I think you've clearly learnt from your mistakes and as long as you go sincerely apologise to the servant you injured then you can have your privileges back."

Jia Hyson: '...' It turns out one man's punishment can really be considered another man's privilege ah.

Bebe: '...' Bebe still didn't understand how Farrell could be so unrestrained despite Host's explanations but Bebe thinks Bebe understands now.

The princes and princesses: '...'

The older princes and princesses mouths twitch when they hear their father sound so desolate over forcing himself to enforce such a punishment. Even though they too like to dote on their youngest could their parents uphold their dignity as parents, no, as the heads of the monarchy, and not do it so obviously?

Only one servant for a month as punishment? When they did something wrong they were sent for survival training in the jungle as 'character building' or had to run laps around the palace, or something equally as painful and those same parents don't bat an eye! Not only that, a month was shortened to less than a day! Tell us the truth, we're not your real kids right?! Right?!

"Thank you father," Jia Hyson had to use a lot of willpower to not make a strange face at these overly doting parents, "But I," He bites his lip, trying badly not to laugh at the silliness of that so-called punishment, but to the family they could only see an expression of anxiety and nervous determination, "I want this lesson to stay with me well, I don't want to.. I don't want to be so mean anymore, so, so I request that I keep the full punishment!"

"My baby don't do this!" The queen instantly wails, getting out of her seat to embrace Jia Hyson into her gigantic bosom. Jia Hyson had been with a lot of women. But he had never experienced such a feeling of his head suffocating in softness and the rest of his body being crushed by what feels like two muscled arms carved from cement blocks. "You've already learnt your lesson, mother can tell you're genuine! Don't push yourself just to prove it! Don't listen to your horrid old man, he knows nothing! NOTHING!"

The horrid old man King Kro who knows nothing: '...' Where is the love between husband and wife?

"Mother's right Farrell," The oldest daughter Princess Amina speaks out in support, "Your body isn't very good, and you're still developing. I don't think it's wise to risk your health when it's already so weak." Then in a hopeful voice she adds, "Maybe instead you could accompany your big sister and learn something from her? Big sister is looking at many important things, you'll learn the value of responsibility with big sister."

"Nonsense," The oldest son Prince Asafa says, his voice cold and sharp like a blade, "If Farrell wants to learn about responsibility what better way than to learn from the future crown prince?" Facing Jia Hyson his cold voice warms slightly, even if it was still very intimidating to hear, "Farrell, wear something formal. I have to go discuss something with the Elephant Tribe in the morning. We can go eat banana fritters afterward."

"Peh!" Second son, Prince Chuma spat, "Farrell's a kid, don't force him to sit by and listen to some boring hour long talk where nothing gets done. He should come with me to the barracks and I'll show him the ways of a warrior! Nothing says responsibility then seeing the protectors of Samotrelis in action!"

"Ew, Farrell and I don't like the stinky barracks!" Princess Koffi, the youngest daughter, complains impishly, "If you guys want to protect something, protect your hygiene! Farrell will come with me and mummy to look at the gems!"

"What about-"

"NO!"

Third prince, Prince Jaleel before he even begins is immediately cut off with a resounding rejection from everyone. He pouts unhappily. You accidentally lose a baby Farrell, a three year old Farrell, a five year old Farrell and a seven year old Farrell, ONCE and no one lets you hear the end of it. The last time wasn't even his fault!

Okay it was eighty percent his fault but in his defence... that isn't a hundred percent. So.

Jia Hyson meanwhile had already sat down and began to eat, pretending wisely that none of the conversation had anything to do with him. It was a very loud meal and Jia Hyson had honestly never seen people eat so much food before but the raucous atmosphere was full of life and familial love, making him warm slightly.

This world was really very good ah.

...

"After much deliberation, your mother and I have decided that you are starting to develop a more mature outlook and to encourage you we should respect your opinions." King Kro tells him nervously the next morning. "However we couldn't bear the idea of you only having a one single simple servant to take care of everything for you. It wouldn't be fair to either your health and the servant who is used to doing general work. Johan has been training a personal attendant who can serve as both a bodyguard and a butler for you and even though it's a little early he's agreed to let you two meet and get used to each other. Do you understand Farrell?"

"Uh-huh," Jia Hyson instinctively replies but in truth he had only retained scraps of his new father's words. He's shocked and dazed as he stares at the other person next to the king.

It was a dark skinned young man, his height almost as tall as King Kro's but with a much less bulky frame. His body was brimming with wild muscular vitality and male pheromones, in terms of figure he had broad shoulders, a chest full of abs and a slim waist, and his straight black hair was in a simple ponytail that reached down to his lower back. There was an assortment of faint battle scars on his arms and exposed chest as well as a very prominent burn scar warping the skin on the left side of his originally very handsome, angular face, making for an intimidating sight. However that was not the first thing that captured Jia Hyson's attention though.

It was his eyes.

One silver. One black.

"Greetings my prince," A raspy deep voice emotionlessly and quietly spoke out, "This servant's name is Sefu Karamoy. May you always be protected and safe by my side."

Sefu Karamoy. The rebel leader that will cause an uprising.




Sometimes Jia Hyson thinks he's such a saint.

He donated to charity. He tutored disadvantaged children in high school for a while. He deliberately wrote a book where all the money from its sales would go into conservation and zoological science research. Like, in the big scheme of things, the amount of good he has done definitely outweighed the bad.

So why must he always be punished like this? God is too cruel!

Bebe: '...Are you done yet?'

Jia Hyson: 'Shut up! I'm being dramatic!'

Bebe: '...' So you do know you're being dramatic.  

Jia Hyson looks up to give Sefu Karamoy another assessing look. The tall scarred teenager stares blankly back at him, there was an unfathomable emotion in his heterochromatic eyes but Jia Hyson was sensitive enough to tell that there was some dislike hidden in that gaze.

Which was. Not great. At all really.

Because that suggested that there was a good chance Sefu Karamoy had been in the rebel camp for some fucking time now and had come to infiltrate the palace as an attendant. Of course it could be that Jia Hyson was overthinking it and the man just wasn't a fan of the spoilt little prince but this was a world where all sorts of sinister backstabbing plots happen for the sake of drama. Sefu Karamoy may not necessarily be as conniving as Zheng Ting, the adopted daughter of the Zhengs, but he might be, and that's enough to make Jia Hyson feel deeply wary.

Sefu Karamoy is a character with even less connection to the story than Prince Farrell. Even when Bebe and he had leveled up Bebe's Facial Recognition skill to level 4 the information had been minimal.

Sefu Karamoy is currently eighteen, ten years older than Farrell. A fierce warrior that can defeat even Prince Chuma, the battle maniac who is one of the best fighters in the royal army, and is talented in sword, spear and bare handed brawling. He's also an orphan as his parents died in a fire when he was four. The day he would successfully overthrow the palace will be twenty years in the future at the prime age of thirty-eight years old. Given the lack of importance he held plot-wise, it was already pretty good to get this much information from the system.

Jia Hyson gives his possible future murderer a shy, uncertain smile. "Greetings," He replies, a little too shortly to be polite but it's clear from his face that he was flustered and blindsided by the unexpected new servant. "Father, I, can we have a moment?"

King Kro hesitates for a moment, glancing at the silent, unmoving Sefu. Objectively Sefu's face was very frightening to look at, the twisted scars all over the left side of his face was like small snakes of lightening writhing underneath his dark skin, coupled with that cold expression and sharp, angular facial features the young man could intimidate grown men much less someone as small and sensitive as Farrell. However he was trained personally by his own personal attendant Johan and if Farrell doesn't accept Sefu then King Kro wouldn't be giving his old friend and benefactor much face.

However more importantly than giving face, King Kro was worried that his Farrell would discriminate Sefu for his disfigurement. There were many hunters and warriors in Samotrelis so it wasn't strange to see injuries and scars but Farrell was a sheltered house kitten who had never seen the cruel jungle world outside, and Sefu's face was actually quite startling even to their standards.

If King Kro knew western media, he would describe Sefu's face by saying it was like if Scar from the Lion King became a human and had a baby with Two-Face from Batman. Honestly, King Kro also doesn't want to be shallow-minded but if this poor young man wasn't trained by Johan who he trusts greatly, he would definitely assume this was a man was born with shady intentions. Even folktale stories had antagonists that are described to look less villainous.

Little did he know...

Jia Hyson takes another glance at the solemn looking Sefu as he leads his father to the furthest corner of the room.

Jia Hyson: 'This guy... is really so my type ah-' (   )

Bebe: 'What, seriously?   That guy looks like the newest Black Panther villain.'

Jia Hyson: 'And isn't that SO hot?! () A big, scarred, silent older military man who's fierce, cold and scary on the outside but is a secretly warm inside!! Bebe!!! That's my fucking ideal!' (o)

Bebe: '...' Actually Bebe does recall Host saying that a while back. But Host has a lot of ideals for his men and women, even as a top notch system it had trouble keeping track of all of them.

Jia Hyson: 'I want to tease him to death! I want him to lose control after I push him too far and then forcefully press down on my underage body and ravish me! I want to cry and beg for mercy! I want to emotionally blackmail him so he will never feel like he can sit on a high horse ever again! () Hahaha maybe I can even guilt him into not rebelling!'

Bebe: '...' At the very least, those toxic fantasy scenarios Host likes are pretty much all the same ah. Bebe already knows those by heart.

"What's wrong child?" King Kro asks cautiously, "Do you not like Sefu?"

Jia Hyson hesitates before shaking his head, "I, I don't not like him, but, I just," his golden eyes turn watery and anxious making him look like a scared baby kitten, "what if he doesn't like me?" He warbles it out quietly but in the silence of the room, even as large as this one, it was easy for a trained warrior like Sefu to hear.

King Kro has no intention of muffling his son's words though. It would be good to white wash his son's previously, ah, disadvantageous reputation from those awful rumors. Even though Farrell was quite naughty and was too cute to be angry at, there will inevitably be a few small-hearted people who enjoyed spreading and exaggerating all sorts of gossip on the higher class. He could tell that Sefu must have heard some of those rumors or how was it possible the young man to not dawn over his adorable little rabbit?!

His baby boy was the cutest thing under the sun and moon!

"Of course he would like you," King Kro assures, "You two will be like me and Johan. Just give it some time."

Jia Hyson silently nods but in his heart he already had a few suspicions about Johan. Even though this man seemed to have constantly assured the family of his trustworthiness, the fact he practically brought up Sefu was a big red flag. It seems there was a conspiracy afoot.

This sort of convoluted scheme of having a trusted elder secretly plant a spy to topple the kingdom slash company despite the fact the elder probably had enough power to do it themselves but for some reason chose not to and put all their time and energy on a seedling that may or may not sprout... it's very fitting to this sort of story world where a pampered adopted girl of a top tier family can successfully do so many shady things that she shouldn't typically be able to do given her position.

Honestly, this sort of capable (if a little rash and narrow hearted) antagonist was kind of wasted on a male lead who's head was like a soft persimmon.

After pretending to be a cute, shy baby for a few minutes, a smitten looking King of Samotrelis prods him toward Sefu, enjoying the way the small child reluctantly waddles forward a few steps like a baby deer before hesitating and needing to be prodded again. If King Kro could, he would have ordered Sefu to leave the room just so he could continue doing this forever. Unfortunately it had to end and the old man couldn't hide his disappointment, blaming the teenager in his eyes.

Sefu: '...' What is this feeling of being attacked out of nowhere? I haven't even done anything yet.

"You boys play nice okay?" King Kro simpers, voice tender and doting toward Jia Hyson but his eyes held a warning toward Sefu.

Jia Hyson nods meekly, "Okay." Looking up at his new bodyguard slash personal attendant, he shyly smiles but with an obvious nervousness that was not faked. After all, this was the first time he was facing off with a hostile so early in the game. And unlike in the last world where he could crush a grown man's head like a blueberry, now he was the weakest child in Samotrelis in the history of ever, "Do you, do you want to come to my room."

Sefu nods curtly, "I will do whatever your highness wishes."

"Okay," Jia Hyson blinks, with a second of hesitation he then impolitely grabs the other's larger hand, "let's go then. I'll show you the way."

Sefu Karamoy glances down at the pint where their hands were touching. He can feel that soft little hand, untouched by hardship, tremble lightly yet they still held onto his own larger, calloused and scarred fingers determinedly. The corner of his lips quirks upwards for a moment before it disappears into his usual stern frown.

Subconsciously he tightens his hold on the young prince's hand a little before quickly shaking Jia Hyson off the moment they leave the room and enter the hallway where the king could not see them. Under Jia Hyson's wide-eyed surprise, Sefu smiles. "Sorry, I get uncomfortable when people touch my hands."

Jia Hyson: 'Wow. What are half-hearted lie ah.'

Bebe: 'Maybe you just look like the sort of dirty person that doesn't wash his hands after going to the bathroom.'  

Jia Hyson: '  Scram! Laozi is beautiful and clean both inside and outside!'

Even to an untrained eye, Sefu's smile was extremely stiff and not at all natural. Not a hint of the expected subservience nor flattery could be found on him.

From the looks of it, Sefu seemed to dislike maybe even hate Jia Hyson very much despite having no personal contact beforehand. Under closer inspection, as they continued walking back, the young man's fists were clenched and his back was straight, and tense in a constant state of alert. He seemed like a man reluctantly being led into enemy territory.

Jia Hyson however did not have much heart to feel sorry for him now that it was clear from this reaction that Sefu indeed already harbored animosity and rebellious thoughts against the royal family.

Even if he held a fragment that shared the same system as Drake, Li Guiren, Monroe and Tian Shun, Sefu held no memories of either Jia Hyson or that fantastical backstory. With a whole different set of memories shaping his views and thoughts, Sefu can be considered his own individual person completely unrelated to the other personas except for the system equivalent of blood connecting them. Jia Hyson would thus treat him like an individual person and harbour no romantic preconceptions just because he felt something for the other shard personas.

However for the sake of nostalgia Jia Hyson could not be completely cold blooded toward him anymore. Even if they may not necessarily be lovers in this life, the goodwill he harbored toward the previous personas had at least made him reluctant to murder Sefu Karamoy like originally planned.

After all, Sefu Karamoy is a dangerous person who has super high stats and has actually, in a different lifetime, successfully pulled off the rebellion. The easiest course of action for Jia Hyson would have been to simply nip the weed in the bud before it takes root. If another weed were to replace him, who was to say when the weed would finish growing or even if it would be as successful?

Now that he realizes Sefu is a system fragment, the violent path was now mostly blocked. It wasn't a big deal to Jia Hyson though, after all, even though there's a high chance the rebel leader's successor will be worse, there's always a chance they could become even more successful. So he supposed there was merit to the saying of keeping friends close and your enemies closer.

It had to be said, even after experiencing a few worlds, Jia Hyson's character never changed much. He's still a good author. He's still more or less kept the same opinions he had developed in his first life. And most of all... he's still scum.

If a host with a Love-affiliated system came in to check Jia Hyson's affection levels for Sefu, they would see the effects of the sentiment he has toward him being a shard system fragment and his physical attraction toward the man, would only amount to a mere 25 affection points out of 100. That is still worse than an acquaintance, not a very big change from his initial impression.

If he could capture the system fragment through merciful means Jia Hyson would do it but if, after two decades, he will not change his ways then... Jia Hyson was willing to carve open the man's heart and grab the shard for himself. If that doesn't work, worse comes to worse, the shard can't be destroyed anyway, it'll just reincarnate somewhere else ah.

Of course Jia Hyson is also aware that after nearly twenty years of contact he will inevitably become quite close with the man, it was impossible not to be. He's the type that needs familiarity to breed genuine feelings, and it's why Li Guiren was closer to his heart than Tian Shun despite their physical compatibilities. So even though at this moment he can plot so cold heartedly and say these cruel things now, deep down he knew, for the sake of his own mental health at the very least, he had to avoid such a bloody end result at all costs.

Finally they reach his room. From the throne room to Prince Farrell's bedroom it takes a little under ten minutes.

This is actually considered pretty good since the older princes and princesses live in nearby smaller palaces once they reach sixteen. However even though it's 'nearby' it still requires at least twenty to thirty minutes by horse to arrive. Samotrelis doesn't use cars unless it's for long distance travel due to the narrower roads paved inside the lively city and village areas.

Anyway, only himself and Koffi are left in the main palace, their own future homes being slowly built somewhere outside.

Farrell's bedroom is actually quite plain. As a child he may have acted very spoilt and arrogant to hide his insecurities but until he turned fifteen and understood the attraction of sex, booze and all sorts of dirty adult things, he had never really had much interest in things. Since he didn't have any real friends, and he would only be teased if he went out to try doing physical things, he took to reading as his hobby instead so there were a lot of books in the room. There was also a large Super King sized bed that was certainly much too big for a child though Jia Hyson was actually quite thrilled looking at it.

Jia Hyson: 'How many people could I fit on this bed?! At least three.. no, four people! Two men, two women, or maybe four men, or, or four women! Ah, I can't wait to grow up!'

Bebe: 'You're the worst. Bebe hates you.'

Jumping on the bed, Jia Hyson happily scrambles you the middle before turning around to sit and face his new attendant. He stares at him curiously. Even though he stole some looks before, it's still a little hard to get used to such an appearance. No matter how rude it is, Jia Hyson couldn't help his gaze moving to the gnarled scarring on the young man's face.

Burn marks. As a fellow comrade who had gotten abused by the bastard known as fire, a feeling of empathy bursts in his chest. "You.. does your scar still hurt?" Jia Hyson asks softly, recalling his own experience made him feel a little mournful. Even without a body there were some days he could swear his skin was still searing off and his nonexistent nerves were hurting so much it felt like his brain was being smashed on the ground in slow motion.

The teenager startles, absentmindedly touching the left side of his face as he gives Jia Hyson an unreadable look. "...No, not anymore," he finally says after a pause. However his words no longer sounded so cold and impatient, like he couldn't finish the sentence fast enough. Still, it was pretty curt and left little for Jia Hyson to keep the conversation flowing.

"Oh, well, that's good." Jia Hyson nods, before patting the mattress he was sitting on, "Do you want to sit?"

"This lowly servant wouldn't dare sit on your highness' bed." Sefu immediately declines.

"Oh," Jia Hyson says a little dumbly. He's never met anyone who could kill a conversation so easily. No wonder the original Farrell didn't seem to like, and most likely bullied, this guy. With his pride he really wouldn't be able to deal with such a disdaining attitude.

However unlike the original, he genuinely wanted to cultivate a close bond with the man. Not only so it may lower the chances of Sefu Karamoy pursuing a future in mutiny, but also because this man is going to stick with him for at least twenty years. If they held a bad relationship than it didn't matter how many riches Jia Hyson had, his life would still be uncomfortable.

Unfortunately Jia Hyson hates meeting people for the first time. Especially when he knew they would spend a lot of time together in the future. It's so awkward and forced. There were only so many things you could say and it's hard to bring up topics naturally.

When he was younger for first meetings, people only asked him about his school life and worst of all, what he wanted to do when he finished school. It was like there was no other thing in the universe to talk about. Then he became an author and mercifully the constant questions that hounded him for years changed. Unfortunately 'How's school been?' had been converted into 'What's it like to be an author?' which was almost an equally boring and repetitive question that had been cursed upon him even until the day he died.

He hated those banal questions. Those first meeting icebreaker bullshit that no one really likes yet feels obligated to do anyway. Like not a single person could muster up the brain capacity to even bother to think of something interesting to say like, like...

"So..." Jia Hyson says awkwardly, "how's, how's being a warrior?"

...It turns out he has become what he has hated most ah.




It was difficult to strike up a conversation with the solemn man who already didn't harbor good thoughts toward him. It wasn't like in his original body where he had prestige, intellect, good looks and a body he knew exactly how to use. This wasn't a one night stand he can be shameless with. Right now he was a brat recently recovering from Princess syndrome trying to cultivate good feelings, any positive feelings really, with a stone-faced bodyguard.

After a few more awkward questions like 'What's your favourite color?' ('...Yellow'), 'Favorite food' ('...Meat.'), and 'Favorite thing to do?' ('...Train.'), Jia Hyson was mentally and socially exhausted. Fuck, Laozi likes these sort of strong silent types but give him a bone at least!

He would be fine with this, he didn't like talking much and enjoyed quiet time a lot, so he could even be quite satisfied with these responses.. if only the obvious dislike weren't dripping off every single word. It felt like each letter was double dipped into a jar filled with disdain.

Jia Hyson has to say he feels for Farrell. Secretly bullied, physically different and even scorned by his own bodyguard. Jia Hyson would definitely have lashed out too. Maybe not in the same ways but still, like, maybe seventy percent the same.

Bebe: '...Bebe isn't sure that's a good thing or not. Somehow Bebe feels that host 'lashing out' would involve less drugs and nonconsensual sex and more murder and weird dubiously kinky sex.'

Jia Hyson: '...Bebe it turns out you think so badly of me, I don't think we can be friends anymore.'

Bebe: 'Who says we were friends?   Bebe doesn't have such perverted friends ah.'

Jia Hyson: QAQ

Finally, Jia Hyson eyes the books on the shelves of his room. "What about reading? Do you like to read?" He asks a little desperately. Just one shared point of interest other than having two legs and arms and the ability to breath oxygen would be great! Even acquaintances can complain about shared troubles like bad bosses or stinky teachers but if Jia Hyson dared to complain about his first world problems to the future rebel Sefu Karamoy who knows what unslightly end his life will finish at in twenty years?!

Sefu's heterochromatic eyes- and Jia Hyson needs to have a long talk with Bebe about this later- darken. "I only know the alphabet." His raspy low voice conveyed a very displeased and humiliated tone as he confessed this.

Jia Hyson: '...Fuck! Did Johan only teach you how to fight?! Why is he illiterate?!' (?)

Bebe: 'Samotrelis is a warrior country still behind the times. Generally lower-class people are taught about herbs, animals and fighting skills, things like reading and math are for specific schools that can only be entered by those with some status like the wealthy families and merchants or scholarship students. Most servants with poor backgrounds will not know how to read or write. Since he already knows the alphabet it probably means Johan has only recently deemed him acceptable to serve as a personal attendant and started to teach him these things.' It made sense, if Sefu was not a good warrior with no talent to personally serve royalty why bother to waste resources and time to teach him calculus?

However it really never occurred to Jia Hyson, who lived multiple worlds now where education was a very common and valued aspect of life. Even in pre-modern China as Bai Li Wei there may have been a lot of uneducated people at that time but there wasn't any who he had personally met. The cultists were high profile people and the high school kids were.. well high school kids. All his victims were educated okay? Maybe some weren't but they sort of died before he could ask them okay?

The point was he genuinely didn't even consider that Samotrelis, this luxurious place, had such a gaping flaw.

Jia Hyson: 'I'm so screwed! Now it looks like I knew that he wasn't educated and it's like I purposely provoked him with that knowledge! Wuwuwu!'

There had to be something he could do too quickly amend his faux pas and successfully sell some meng at the same time!

Sefu Karomoy watches his charge give a dumbfounded lost look, like a stupid little kitten, and his mouth twitches. Even though the young prince was a brat, he had to admit that the brat was indeed quite pleasing to the eye. No wonder people just let the evil things the child did go so easily.

"W-well.."

He watches Prince Farrell struggle so obviously, a sliver of satisfaction goes through him at the sight of one of those caught royal bastards actually struggling to get something they want. He wonders if the brat will finally give up this kissing up facade and show his true arrogant tyrannical personality now.

Suddenly those golden eyes flash brightly with inspiration and determination. "Well then I'll teach you!"

Sefu: '???' This doesn't seem to be in the script?

The little prince had already rolled to the other side of the bed and run up to his bookshelf. After a moment of thought he pulls out a rather large book that was as thick as Sefu's arm. Even though Prince Farrell was considered small and weak in Samotrelis he was still much stronger than his age group in other countries, even a little ahead of those a year or two older even so carrying this sort of large book wasn't very strenuous. Of course since his appearance was like a normal, if slightly tall, non-Samotrelian child the visual contrast between such a big heavy-looking book and the thin arms of a little boy really made the youngest Samotrelians prince seem very pitiful and hardworking.

Sefu who actually knew how to read: '...' Oh no, suddenly feel like I'm the scummy one now.

Jia Hyson silently pats his own back at his idea. Teaching the guy slowly and patiently how to read would definitely bring them closer together! And he knows this works from experience. He fucked his super hot chemistry tutor this way. It was his first time with a guy. And he also totally aced his high school final chemistry exam so it was big win-win because he had been shit at chemistry. Like, what even are redox reactions? Who knows but that guy's ass was a chemical reaction all by itself.

Bebe: 'That was pretty bad.'

Jia Hyson: 'Look, I don't remember enough chemistry to think up a sufficiently dirty yet well-referenced chemistry pun okay? Give me a break.'

Bebe: 'Do you even remember that man's name?'

Jia Hyson: '..It started with a H? I remember he was a super cute twink with blue glasses if that helps?'

Bebe: 'No. It doesn't. You're the worst.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Yeah. That's totally fair.

Throwing the book onto the bed with a soft 'thump', he crawls back onto the bed excitedly and makes sure to sit closely next to the older man in order for him to see up close and personally how dedicated Jia Hyson is at sucking up and selling meng. "Okay!" He grins widely at a tense looking Sefu. However instead of the blank disdain, there was a hint of confusion and bemusement in those heterochromatic eyes. It was enough to tell him that he hadn't gone wrong at least.

Then he looks at the title of the cover and freezes.

Jia Hyson: 'Hey, Bebe.'

Bebe: 'Hm?'

Jia Hyson: 'I thought Farrell could read. Isn't that his childhood hobby?'

Bebe: 'Um. Bebe isn't the one with the memories. Did host get mixed up with the ages?'

Jia Hyson: 'Wha- it's not my fault all children between seven and eleven all look the same age!'

Bebe: 'It kind of is. Also seriously? Can you not tell people's ages?'

Jia Hyson: '...I once accidentally hit on a fifteen year old.'

Bebe: 'Host... ew...'

Jia Hyson: 'He was taller and bigger than me! And he had been wearing a suit! I mean, have you seen those young ones these days? It's like their parents fed them trees! Injected with growth hormones! Also we're asian! It's really hard okay!'

Bebe: 'Host.. you know how couples say in order to build stronger relationships they need to be more honest with each other?'

Jia Hyson; 'Yes?'

Bebe: 'We are not one of those couples. _ Please shut up.'

Jia Hyson: '...oh.' His Bebe didn't love him anymore QwQ

So it turns out Jia Hyson had assumed wrongly. To be fair it was kind of hard to tell where the past memories turn into future memories since they are felt like one weird dream like movie sequence to him.

Prince Farrell had only recently gotten into reading stories. Those bookshelves were so full because the moment he hesitantly showed some interest his doting family had bought out a local bookstore. At this point he, as a prince of course has been taught to be literate but as an eight year old who liked to ditch his tutors, his ability to read was not that strong. Mainly Farrell quite liked looking at the picture books and other books with many drawings.

Jia Hyson obviously was an avid reader but Samotrelis has it's own native and very non-chinese language. It wasn't very english either which was like, the only other language Jia Hyson was fluent in all aspects in.

So if Prince Farrell didn't recognise a word... Jia Hyson wouldn't either. Luckily he still knew Samotrelis' alphabet and could phonetically sound things out if things got tough. Still. As someone who had acted so confident in teaching Sefu before, it was quite... embarrassing ah.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe can you translate?'

Bebe: 'Sure give Bebe five minutes to download the language.'

Jia Hyson: 'Hahaha fuck you this Laozi needs it now! What five minutes, I can't even give five seconds and you know this!') 'Spicy chicken system peh!'

Bebe: '...' You're a spicy chicken. Your whole family are spicy chickens ba!

"Umm, this book is called.. The... Ad-adventure! Adventure of Moh, Mohck, Moka!" He glances at Sefu self-conciously, "This is the Adventure of Moka." Jia Hyson then repeats it very seriously, saying it so fluently and assuredly that if Sefu hadn't heard him struggle in the beginning he was sure he might have actually believed the little prince had read it before.

Sefu's mouth twitches again. This time it was much harder than before to suppress his smile, "I see. This lowly servant is eager to hear about Moka's Adventure." He says, a faint undercurrent of mirth in his raspy voice.

Jia Hyson: '...' Fuck! You're going to make this kid keep going knowing how much this laozi struggled reading the title alone?!

It turns out this shard was such a sadist!

Bebe: '...' Bebe seems to recall two shards in the previous world that were actual murderers who killed many, many people but okay, whatever.

"Okay, okay, well," Jia Hyson could feel himself sweating a little from the anxiety. It was like reading out a speech in front of the entire class that you hadn't practiced because you only wrote it up the lunchtime before class started. He turns the page and inwardly swears. He picked this book because it was thick but who knew there didn't seem to be a single picture despite having so many pages! "Uhhh... On a night... filled with storms, oh, no, I mean, on a stormy night! Yes, on a stormy night there was a boat that... drifted? Drifted. It drifted onto the beach. In the boat was a... a... ahh, a baby! Um.. Moka! In the boat was Moka!"

"Pft-" Jia Hyson whips his head toward Sefu who had covered his mouth and was looking guiltily away from him.

Jia Hyson could actually say, he has never felt more humiliated before. And he once had-

Bebe: 'Nonono, Bebe doesn't want to hear that!'

Jia Hyson: 'Hmph. Fine.' He also didn't want to relive that memory.

Biting his lip, Jia Hyson trembles in anger and embarrassment as he stares daggers at the some-what comprehensible words on the pages. It made one feel the little prince was particularly loveable but at the same time made one want to tease and bully him relentlessly. Sefu felt his heart itch a little, like a little kitty paw scratching gently at it.

"So what happens next?" His low voice rasps out, now coming out a little warmer and more teasing. Not that Jia Hyson notices as he is busily being wrapped around his own rage at the fact this rebel bastard, after laughing at him. Still. Wanted. Him. To. Read!

"Moku... Moku is found by an, ah, old man and woman. The old man and woman are-" With stilted sentences, Jia Hyson slowly, excruciatingly slowly, gets through three pages before he is finally stuck.

"It was Moku's one, no, Moku's first! First of many, uh, mhm..." Jia Hyson tries to whisperingly sound out the word under his breath but each time it didn't sound right to his ears. Frustrated and already taut with nerves and mortification Jia Hyson's childlike body couldn't take the pressure and began to tear up.

Hearing the sound of repressed sniffling and the way the little prince's words were beginning to shake, Sefu, who could read all along, began to feel absolutely terrible. Feeling like if this keeps on going he would be unable to rid himself of the guilt forever he clears his throat awkwardly. "Ahem, this lowly servant does believe the word is 'expedition'."

Jia Hyson: 'Oh so it's actually like- Wait a moment!!!'

Large watery golden eyes stare up, shock turning into baleful accusation toward the guard. It was like looking at a puffed up kitty cat being teased which made Sefu itch to play with him some more. "You said you didn't know how to read!" Prince Farrell protests in a small but warbled voice filled with betrayal. Sefu however could only hear the indignant wailing of a small cat tickling his ears.

Despite finding the little prince amusing and cuter than he had expected, Sefu's face remained as still as a glacier that had never heard of global warming. "I only know how to read that word," He deadpanned.

Jia Hyson: '...' Do you think I'm fucking stupid ah? What demented teacher would teach you the word 'expedition' and nothing else?

Sefu, sensing the child's distrust, lowers his head so his black and white eyes are directly in line with Jia Hyson's golden ones. Solemnly he says, "This lowly servant swears to the Great Wild Spirits it's true, I really only know that word. This lowly servant is greatly appreciative of your highness teaching me to read."

The Great Wild Spirits was the Samotrelians equivalent of gods. They valued them greatly and they use them for various ceremonies and blood oaths. However it seems Sefu wasn't just rebellious toward the idea of a monarchy but their religion too. Damn, invoking the Great Wild Spirits' names in vain to trick a child! How low can this man go?!

For the sake of nurturing friendship Jia Hyson decides to lovingly let this go. Because that's the sort of person he is. Loving, kind-hearted and totally not one to viciously hold grievances in his heart which he will slowly pay off bit by bit to the person who wronged him in various petty, passive aggressive ways.

With that in mind, after shooting one last suspicious look he continues to slowly read aloud, a little embarrassed at how much he was still struggling. This was the first time he had a body with such good physical stats but with low IQ. "Okay, um, the expi, expo, expedition set off and Moku was very excited. Moku wanted to bring great gl, go, g..."

"Glorious pride." Sefu finishes for him with not a single change of emotion. In the Samotrelian language Samotreli, 'Glorious Pride' was a single word. Well, actually 'Glorious Pride' was like the equivalent of the word 'Ice' in Scotland, there was over four hundred different ways to say it. It was a very popular term in this warrior country. However that was not the problem here!

Jia Hyson looks discontentedly at Sefu, "You swore on the Great Wild Spirits that you didn't know anymore words." He accuses accusingly.

"What type of Samotrelian would I be if I couldn't recognize a few words that represent Glorious Pride?" Sefu retorts calmly, the sort of calm that can only come from a thick face filled with shamelessness. "Keep going your highness, this lowly servant is interested to hear more."

Jia Hyson's face turns ugly. More? This bastard wants to hear more?! More your sister! This Laozi knows you can read perfectly okay?!

"You! You! You!" He stutters enraged. Who would want to continue being shamed like this without getting an orgasm at the end of it?!

He wants to punch this no good guy! He wants to punish him! He wants to, to!

Jia Hyson wants to spank him! Yes! The most mortifying punishment!

A man almost on the threshold of adulthood being forced to lay down on a child's lap to be spanked! How humiliating would that be?! He would definitely protest at first and struggle, but soon his curses will turn into cries of mortification as slap after slap hits his backside. Maybe the friction from the spanking forces his hips back and forth on the fabric of the bed and against Jia Hyson's legs causing some... involuntary stimulation, unwillingly stimulating the already embarrassed man and then... hehehe. (  ` )  

Bebe: '...' What happened to being nice to the future rebel leader? No, what happened to the decency of humanity?

Unfortunately Jia Hyson's sadistic switch had already been flipped and Farrell had never been great at self control so almost subconsciously he excitedly blurted out, "Let me spank you!"

Bebe: '...' Bebe wants to slap host but Bebe is afraid host would get off on it.




Jia Hyson: '...' Oh no.

Bebe: '...' Horny dumb bastard.

Sefu Karamoy: '...' What a naughty kitten.

"What did you say?" Sefu's deep yet soft voice rasps. Even though he doesn't raise his voice it never fails to make the listener's own hair on the back of their neck rise. Villainous looks aside even his voice was that of a villain. A very sexy handsome-sounding one yes but still a villain all the same.

If Author God wrote Sefu Karamoy's profile it would probably be something like this: Sefu Karamoy, Rebel Leader. Hot but evil. Righteous. Probably scarred. Definitely an orphan. And that would be all the world had to go on to create this character. Honestly in retrospect the world is truly such a hard worker to do it's best to conform to the Author God's wishes no matter how many plot holes and inconsistencies they may curse upon it.

Anyway. Not the point. The point was that Jia Hyson may or may not have sexually harassed his future murderer. Which, like, wasn't the best move. Strategically. Or just objectively. At all.

But to be fair, it was a super hot image and Jia Hyson is definitely going to recall that fantasy late at night in the future hehe.

Bebe: 'Host please focus.'

"Uh, I mean," Jia Hyson stutters but then he realizes that he's essentially backed himself into a corner. He couldn't take it back nor could he pretend he didn't say anything or misspoke either. So, he decides to go all in and try the only viable option left in his head that he could use in this situation.

Righteous indignation.

"Well that's because you're a big liar!" Jia Hyson puffs his cheeks up, "I know you know how to read!"

Sefu: '...' Oof, busted.

However Sefu was not a man easily agitated. With his stony expression he doesn't even blink at Jia Hyson's little pointer finger. The scarred man's thin lips slowly curve into a vague rather sinister smile. "Do you... really think that's the case?"

Jia Hyson: '..Yes?' Oh no, he can even do that evil villain pause in the middle of the sentence that somehow makes the question sound like there's a deeper meaning or some secret that hasn't been uncovered. Suddenly Jia Hyson felt a bit of doubt.

Like a snake, Sefu senses the momentary weakness and latches on with his fangs. "Prince Farrell, you should never accuse someone of wrongdoing without proof." This was the longest thing he's ever said since he had entered Jia Hyson's room. And yet, somehow, Jia Hyson was not pleased.

"I-I have proof, I'm the eyewitness!" Jia Hyson protests a little irritatedly. This man would even argue with a child! Just be a decent human being and laugh this whole thing off as a stupid thing kids do okay?

"Just because I learnt a few words in passing I deserve to be punished?" Sefu slowly blinks, staring intently at Jia Hyson.

"Ehm..." Well when he says it like that. "But, you still lied." Jia Hyson says a little weakly. Even though he was totally in the right here he neither had the evidence nor the imposing demeanor to back him up.

Bebe: 'Also, Bebe wouldn't say Host is totally in the right.' After all which person brimming with righteousness can ask to spank another person so eagerly ah?

"But a spanking is too much ah?" Sefu persuades with surprising patience for someone who had previously looked like he hated the youngest prince with every inch of his undying soul. "When have you ever heard of a righteous person demand a spanking as punishment?"

Bebe: '...Host.'

Jia Hyson: 'Hm?'

Bebe: 'Bebe approves this man.' (o^-')b

Jia Hyson: '...' Who the hell needs your approval?!  

"I'm s-sorry.." Jia Hyson lowers his head. At the very least he softened the spanking thing by giving himself a decent, if unsupported, reason for himself. Now it was just a problem of the little prince went a little too far instead of, the little prince was a little tyrant that was unjustifiably eager to punish people. Since the crime is softened a little it becomes easier and more believable to apologize after some struggle.

Sefu gazes complicatedly at the slightly bowed head of the little prince. In his heart the royal family was selfish, corrupt and arrogant murderers. From what he has heard Prince Farrell was especially unrestrained. Even at the tender age of eight he had injured a servant unjustly and was only let off with a scolding.

It turns out that what he had heard, at least about the youngest prince, may have been a little exaggerated however. Even if the king personally scolded Farrell, Sefu wasn't sure the child could stay so meek for so long if he was as the rumors said.

Seeing such a supposedly prideful prince lower his head really made Sefu feel a little moved toward the child, giving him a better impression of Farrell overall. And yet... the urge to bully him and make the proud kitten like prince cry had started to awaken in his heart.

"Sorry isn't good enough," Sefu says seriously, "Prince Farrell you need to learn the consequences of your actions by experiencing firsthand the punishment you casually wanted to force upon me. Didn't you also do the same and injured a servant the other day with that attitude?"

Jia Hyson: 'Aiyah I forgot I had this black pot pushed onto me by the original.' Farrell had already done so many bad things against the servants that Jia Hyson didn't even know what exactly happened with the one who had gotten injured. Plus he had been forgiven for it so he had forgot. Who knew it would smack him in the face so quickly?

Bebe: '...'

Bebe couldn't help but feel this world is really set on easy mode. Even if Host came when Prince Farrell was an adult, Host's biggest fear of an OOC penalty would still never come. They were that similar ah. As in, they were both scum men. Just in slightly different ways. One held an elegant scholarly outside and a demented perverted inside while the other was just a basic bitch overbearing playboy with princess syndrome.

Honestly it's Host should probably be coasting nicely through this story if it wasn't for the black pit that was this system shard's person. Bebe has long ago scanned Sefu Karamoy and sent the data to the bosses upstairs. It seems that in this world, instead of two shards there is simply just one which happens to have both the black and white colors.

This makes sense after further thought, after all, even though the Bipolar prince is said to have separate and distinct personalities, it is still shared by one system body. Even though Bebe has never seen a physical royal body, much less the Bipolar Prince's, it's logical to assume when it shatters there will inevitably be some shards with both black and white coloring. In fact, depending on the pattern of the Royal, there might be more shards with both colors than one.

Bebe isn't sure why exactly they've met so many of the shards but after some hypothesizing as it thinks back to the characteristics of Monroe, Drake, Tian Shun, Li Guiren and now Sefu, it thinks it has a possible explanation.

Perverts attracts perverts.

"You..." Jia Hyson has never felt less eloquent. First the inability to read and now losing a discussion regarding spanking?! His reputation of a great artist of words is going to crumble at this rate ah. "I, I am going to apologize! I have reflected and decided I'm going to change my ways!"

Sefu nods sternly, "Exactly, and yet you so quickly slipped back into your past self after only a day. That proves you haven't truly repented. Only by experiencing unfairness will you understand and take caution not to accuse others so hastily."

Bebe: '...' Bebe knew it. Pervert attracts pervert. Bebe must submit Bebe's theory to the Overseer.

Jia Hyson: '...' Aiyah? My reverse shota spanking fantasy suddenly got reversed?!

"But, but, but," Jia Hyson stares dumbly at his possible bodyguard slash attendant for life.

"Don't you want to be a good, righteous and upstanding noble prince deserving of being part of royalty?"

"Didn't you say a righteous person wouldn't ask for someone to be spanked?!" Jia Hyson desperately grasps. Even though he was a little more interested than he should about being spanked (though still a little sad about the reversal of his reverse shota dream) given the situation he was still essentially going to be this guy's boss. And no matter how one looks at it, getting spanked by your subordinate on the first day wasn't great.

But it was damn sexy.

Bebe: 'Host...'

Jia Hyson: 'Yeah, yeah I got it. Focus.'

Sefu nods curtly again, face still as solemn and serious as ever despite talking about such... inappropriate content. "In order to make sure you become a righteous person this lowly servant is willing to sacrifice some of his own noble beliefs in the process."

Jia Hyson: '...Hehe but this Laozi doesn't need your sacrifice!'

Jia Hyson himself in the name of good sex can be particularly shameless when hitting on people but he also likes to keep up his polite gentleman persona in public and was particularly thin-skinned in that aspect. If the other person wasn't a close friend or family member or a hook up that he can easily cut out from his life, Jia Hyson's pride increases by five-fold and he is unwilling to be made a fool of. It's this adamant maintenance toward his public image that is probably why he hadn't gotten busted for various things in his original life.

Even though he's very interested in acting out this sort of play, the thought that if any of this slips out to the rest of the palace truly makes him reluctant. A palace wasn't like a household where things can be kept behind closed doors. There were so many people in the palace it was practically a small village in itself. If it gets out this would definitely be a black stain that would follow Jia Hyson forever.

So instead Jia Hyson begins to cry.

He doesn't do it immediately of course. He has enough experience with children, both in his original world and his last world with Li Guiren and Tian Shun, to know the best way to worm out of something as a child. Tian Shun was a very good baby and didn't do anything bad save for trying to bind Jia Hyson's immortal soul into his shadow for eternity at the end there. But Li Guiren that bear child got into all sorts of shit as well as managed to cutely get out of it. Jia Hyson, as the person Li Guiren had to appease the most to get out of being punished was very used to his tactics.

First look genuinely scared. Which was easy since Jia Hyson certainly was quite scared for his reputation.

Sefu's eyes flicker as a trace of fear flashes through the little boy's gaze, his milk coffee colored face paling to an even milkier coffee color. The sort of milk coffee that was more milk than coffee.

Second, slowly tear up. It's no good to suddenly burst into tears, the awful feeling of watching an oncoming train wreck is maximized when one can see all the signs and yet feel helpless in stopping the proceedings. A sudden crash and bang will be surprising but will not produce the same intensity of feelings for the aftermath. Of course this is only if you know how to cry beautifully, for beginners going straight to the silent tears is the best option. Fortunately for Jia Hyson he's a huge pervert with a tear fetish and the power of youth by his side.

"I, I'm..."

Sefu sees Prince Farrell tremble, golden eyes turning red and watery with unshed tears as he restrains himself by biting his quivering lower lip. The child looked very pitiful, a bullied baby kitten, invoking the guilt in his heart. Sefu wonders if this is how the little prince managed to get away with so much previously. If so, he grudgingly admits it's no wonder.

Next step is to temporarily admit defeat.

"Okay..." Prince Farrell sniffles, "Okay, I, I'll do it.. wuwu..." his voice soft and shaky and small. Half of Sefu wants to forgo this idea of punishment completely at this point, already plenty impressed the prideful little boy agreed, but the other half... the other half now really wants to continue to the end.

Now, finally, the waterworks.

As Prince Farrell reluctantly crawls across his lap, Sefu, unable to help himself, touches the small back awkwardly in an attempt to try assure the prince. Under his touch he can feel Prince Farrell tremble. His heart shook with shame at his own actions but at the same time a little... excitement.

If Bebe could hear his thoughts it would puke up blood. This was probably the most perverted persona so far.. that is successfully capable of fucking it's host anyway. It presumes Tian Shun might the biggest pervert but it will happily never know. To be fair though, Drake Lanzoni is currently the only persona that was successful in achieving a relationship with it's slutty host but Drake was sort of vanilla in the bedroom other than his food kink so.

Prince Farrell hesitates for a moment before changing his position from about to lay his torso onto Sefu's lap to sitting on the man's lap facing Sefu. Smooth arms that only have the faintest muscle definition reach up to wrap around Sefu's own thick neck and soft, shaking lips were pressed onto his large shoulder. "Thi-this.. this is okay right?" Farrell quietly asks, voice brimming with anxiety, his warm breath tickling Sefu's collarbone.

Even though logically he knew Prince Farrell was clearly nervous and wanted to hug him for reassurance during the punishment, Sefu couldn't help but feel the position to be incredibly suggestive.

He swallowed hard, but didn't let any emotion show in his face nor his voice. "This is acceptable."

However now he really wasn't sure he could do this anymore.

Prince Farrell was so small, so thin, so... breakable.

Sefu had to stay in the palace and earn everyone's trust. He had initially figured with Farrell's pride, embarrassing his little master was something he could get away with since the child would not want others to know he had succumbed to such humiliation, but if he really hurt the prince, well, even though Samotrelis has become more modernized in their views, the thrumming violence and bloodthirstiness of a warrior had yet to leave their country's veins. If the King finds out Sefu raised a hand to his little royal flower, even death may not save him.

So when he raised his hand and Prince Farrell began to sob into his chest, burying his face against his torso like a frightened, wronged kitten Sefu manfully ignores the disappointment in his heart and breathed a sigh of relief. Those strange feelings and urges he can go contemplate later alone, but right now he must remain a good servant that embodies loyalty, caring and faithfulness.

Bebe and Jia Hyson: '...' Hehe what loyalty, caring and faithfulness? Your hypocritical fakery has been seen through us this whole time.

"Wuwuwu, I, I, wuwu..." The little prince was gasping and weeping restrainedly, as if he truly believed he was keeping quiet enough for Sefu not to hear him. Sefu knew the child couldn't see his expression right now and a sardonic but amused smile flashed across his face. Such a cute, stupid kitten, so easy to bully. Must be easier to control. No need to push him too far ah.

His raised hand gently moves down to stroke the prince's back consolingly. "There, there," he rasps, "this lowly servant didn't mean it, but now does my prince understand how scary it is?"

Jia Hyson: 'This prince certainly understands how scary you are! What didn't mean it? Peh! As a pervert I could tell you were dead serious!'

Bebe: '...Do perverts have such telepathic abilities?' Maybe it's like in the stories where when a character masters a specific skill they gain superhuman abilities and insight.

Prince Farrell sniffles and mumbles a quiet, "En," before hugging Sefu tightly, crying softly until he falls asleep. Sefu waits a few minutes after Farrell's breathing even outs, rhythmically stroking the tired boy's back like stroking the fur of a pet, his eyes refusing to leave the soft, vulnerable prince curled into his arms. So trusting ah. It almost made him want to give up and just faithfully serve his little prince.

However he couldn't give up now.

So he will keep going.

No matter what.




The next day Jia Hyson was gently woken up by Sefu.

"Your highness, it's time for breakfast." Came the cool, emotionless greeting.

"Mblergh," Jia Hyson replies. That's the problem with crying yourself to sleep. Your eyes get puffy and tired when you wake up.

"Your highness," Sefu patiently says.

"Noooo..." Jia Hyson groans. Bebe told him a lot after hijacking his dreams, including how Sefu continued to essentially cuddle him after he fell asleep so he felt it was probably safe to act a little spoilt now. Plus, his eyes were genuinely tired. Which meant he was tired. So tired.

"Your highness."

"Five more minu, no, one hour," Jia Hyson pleads groggily.

Sefu: '...' Five minutes turned into an hour, can you please not be so honest in your intentions?

"Your friends from the Elephant, Rhino, Bear, Tiger and Boar tribe are to be arriving in two hours." Sefu coaxes helplessly, this prince was too kitten-like, inexplicably not only does Sefu want to let the child sleep in but the way Prince Farrell had nestled so enthusiastically into the blankets also made him tempted to join despite the fact he has always maintained a strict sleeping schedule for years. There was just something about the prince that made Sefu want to do things against his own conduct.

Bebe: '...Isn't that just the [Corruptor of Children] taking effect?'

Right, technically Sefu is not an adult as he's under twenty. So even if he has the sort of restrained abstinent type personality that couldn't be melted with lava he should still be influenced by host's perverse morally corruptive skill. Bad children will want to be badder and good children will also want to follow.

Jia Hyson freezes as memories are suddenly supplied to him. Aren't those the biggest tribes' head family's children that like to harass the original. Ah, ah then he really can't be late!

However after another second his eyes narrow thoughtfully and he squeezes the pillow in his arms tighter. However...

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe what do you think I should do?'

Bebe: '?'

Bebe: 'Isn't the obvious thing to faceslap those small ancestors and make them kneel at Host's feet?'

Jia Hyson: '...I want to faceslap you and make you kneel at my feet.   How many quick transmigration stories have you read ah?'

Bebe: '...' Who's the one that downloads QT all the time? If Host downloads it onto Bebe and reads it then Bebe obviously ends up reading it too.

Jia Hyson: 'Currently Farrell is pretty scared of those bear children. I would OOC if I counterattacked in my current state. More importantly, no one knows I'm being bullied, if I use my power as royalty to suppress them now it would look like they're the victims and I'm the bully. That little rebel leader beside me would lose whatever favorability I had painstakingly earned yesterday.'

Bebe: 'Well if you figured all that out why did you ask me?'

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, even if we're together for so long it seems the gap in our IQs have not been shortened.   Aiyah, so sad.'

Bebe: '...' _

Jia Hyson: 'I'm asking if I should be hesitant and late to the playdate to show how nervous and reluctant I am to meet them, or if I should super anxious and get ready super early which would show how fearful I am to mess things up in front of those brats? Both have their pros and cons, what do you think?'

Bebe: '...' Oh no, Bebe thinks they sound exactly the same. Quick Bebe, think!

Bebe: 'The first one.'

Jia Hyson: 'En, good choice. Not only would Sefu see my nervousness it'll also feel like a power play toward those bear kids and they'll be even more aggressive toward me afterwards, creating a higher chance of them slipping up and getting caught. Not bad, maybe you aren't as dumb as I thought.'

Bebe: 'Haha yeah...' Bebe needs to go download psychology books later, this is too embarrassing.  

Jia Hyson tenses his body and further buries his head into the pillows. "I don't want to.." He complains, voice muffled against the fabric. "Just, just say I'm sick or something."

"How can this lowly servant dare lie to the sons of the biggest tribes in the country?" Jia Hyson grinds his teeth, even though this is what he wants, he really dislikes how smooth this man can talk. This was the eloquence that reversed his reverse shota spanking dream!

Fuck! He curses this lowly servant of his to be sexually frustrated for ten years and ten months! He curses that silver tongued bastard to only have his right hand as a partner until he turns middle aged!

Bebe: 'Why are even your curses to do with sex?'

Jia Hyson: 'Because I'm kind of a manslut.'  

Bebe: '...' Hehe. Very good. Bebe has nothing to say.

Sefu who unknowingly was cursed into a single dog: '??' Suddenly felt a cold wind breeze between my legs.

After a bit more back and forth, Jia Hyson finally relents and wakes up, reluctance oozing from his very pores. Sefu felt a little exasperated at the act. Not only was the prince slow in getting up, he took his time choosing clothing and took even longer to eat his breakfast. If he couldn't see he was dragging his feet than his two different colored eyes were not worth using.

Feeling that he had gotten closer to the prince thanks to last night, Sefu calculatingly decides to question the child's behavior. Maybe it will unexpectedly unveil some important clues on the state of the other big tribes. It certainly wasn't a question asked because of concern. "My prince," he begins casually as he pours the other a glass of freshly squeezed grape juice, "this lowly servant would like to ask if anything is bothering you,"

Prince Farrell stiffens, unease flickering through his face as he glances at him. However he quickly looks away to pick at the scraps of food still on his plate. "Nothing is bothering me," Farrell denied quickly. Sefu's mouth quirked upwards for a second in amusement. This child couldn't even lie right ah it was very good, Sefu will have no problems gaining this stupid boy's trust sooner or later.

"I see."

Meanwhile in Jia Hyson's head.

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe do you see that fool?  He totally buys my acting skills ah. I'll have no problem gaining that stupid man's trust sooner or later.'

Because the children who were coming were all from important families from the nearby tribes some privacy is usually presented. Especially since the rambunctious little rich second generation especially disliked the stifling feeling of having a constant nanny looking over them. Unless they were playing outside, there would be minimal supervision, with only one or two bodyguards outside the room they're playing in. It's why Farrell being bullied could stay such a secret.

To be fair, the playroom is located around the heart of the palace, a few rooms apart from the throne room. If one had malicious intentions toward the children it would be difficult to reach there in the beginning much less escape. Plus, even after so and so years without any wars or big battles to fight and guarding became a little more lax, these bodyguards and soldiers were hired for a reason ah.

This wasn't the cultivation world where hidden experts can rule the world, this was still technically a modern day universe with a delicate male lead so there was no individual that was strong enough to be considered a one man army and such here. Even if a group of famous assassins came they couldn't overpower nor bypass thirty Samotrelian guards much less a thousand Samotrelian guards. Bebe has given him a quick infodump about the physical capabilities of Samotrelians and it really was like Wakanda in that aspect. Well. More like X-Men. For example most of the Cheetah tribe were prided to be as fast as the animal they represented and apparently the chief of the Rhino tribe was so muscular that when he was once hit by a rain of bullets none of them pierced any vital organs or bones. Not because he managed to get lucky and evaded the worst spots. But because his muscles were too big and dense so the bullets couldn't completely pierce through.

...Even though this wasn't a cultivation world, it definitely held human shaped monsters ah.

However it did make sense. The world has supplied Samotrelis with resources worthy of being called Luxary Island. And as expected of a fantasy island paradise known as Luxury Island, the world in accordance to the Author God's rather casual comment has provided the literal best produce possible to be grown there. The animals were brimming with vitality and the meat filled with rich taste to the point that once could be happy just with some salt to season it and nothing more. The fruit were always plump and juicy. Even the vegetables were crisp and flavorsome. With such healthy quality and fresh ingredients that even the poorest can scavenge, their bodies can afford to grow into such large masses of muscles.

Of course the predators and other wildlife were the same, they too have grown stronger and more dangerous encouraging the human inhabitants to also increase their strength and prowess, creating a cycle of growth that resulted in what they had today. A male Samotrelian wild boar in Samotrelis weighed on average around 130-200 kg while an average male European wild boar would weigh around 75-100 kg. From that fact alone one can imagine how fantastic the wildlife looked.

Even a gecko can be the size of a skinny baby, Jia Hyson knows that because in his memories Third Prince Jaleel liked to rear lizards and Farrell had liked to play with them a lot but one of the larger and older ones had apparently imprinted him as one of it's babies and did a great escape with him while Jaleel had left to go to the bathroom. This was one of the last and most ridiculous times Jaleel had lost baby Farrell and so Farrell was no longer allowed to play in Jaleel's rooms until he was bigger and could no longer be so easily kidnapped by large intelligent reptiles.

Anyway, the point was that only one or two bodyguards or attendants stood outside the playroom when the prince and his friends had their fun. Sometimes even just one bodyguard will be assigned there and the rest will be idling about somewhere nearby playing cards or having a smoke.

Even though Jia Hyson dragged his feet, under Sefu's meticulous care (nagging) he was only ten minutes late to the appointed play date. However for the other children it's enough for them to feel very dissatisfied. The royal playroom is a luxury that only privileged few children outside the royal family can enter since it's a large area filled with all sorts of cool things children like.

Samotrelis is filled with luxuries resources but it's still fairly primitive in terms of entertainment. They had basic wooden toys, play-fighting with toy weapons, crude picture books and folk tales, cloth balls and other such things but the royal playroom had all of these of the best quality and more. A jungle gym, a tree house, dress up options, a small library of picture books, trampolines, plush toys... with every new royal child the playroom is updated to fit their wants and desires.

Princess Koffi liked beautiful looking things the most so the dress up corner was filled with old and new fashion, even a few clothes imported from other countries like the Chinese cheongsam or Western princess dresses were present. Jewelry and gems that many others around the world would kill to get were thrown in a corner as dress up accessories for the princess and her friends and the fluffiest cotton handpicked in Samotrelis was used to stuff various cute plushies which also had a variety of outfits and jewelry.

However for Prince Farrell this sort of typical 'girly' likes were not great for himself who had a huge insecurity about his unmanly body. Having to share the playroom with his sister meant she had half of the authority to add things in there, meaning that while half of the playroom was filled with things Farrell requested like more toy weapons and other items that he thought were 'manly' the other half was full of Koffi's preferred playthings. Which, lets be honest, were far more eye catching.

Jia Hyson has to sigh at that. Gender is so constricting. Even though he's proud to have a penis that doesn't mean he doesn't like wearing nice things ah. Who cares if a boy wears pink lipstick or a girl likes motorbikes. Both people in his opinion are equally attractive.

Bebe: 'Bebe feels like there was something morally righteous about that paragraph but somehow Host had to make it all about his dick.'

Still, he had to recognize the fact that having a body that was fairer and slimmer than most females in Samotrelis plus a half glittery princess themed playroom was practically begging the other children to bully him. Kids were so cruel sometimes. They usually aren't capable of thinking that far ahead and seeing the consequences of their words or actions by themselves. Especially the spoilt ones who are constantly doted on.

Around the corner Jia Hyson could hear the sounds of fellow children and he nervously tugged one Sefu's clothing, showing a faintly fearful expression. "Sefu... I don't want to go." He whispers.

Sefu gives him a puzzled look but brushes it off thinking it was just the prince being spoilt or tired. A little irritated he coldly questions, "Your highness even if you're royalty you have to consider the importance of making connections with the other tribes. Without their support how can the Abioye family have any standing in the country?"

Prince Farrell flinches and he lets go of Sefu's cloth.

Slowly, like he was walking through water, the prince walks toward the group of children. Sefu, who couldn't help but feel the reaction was somehow wrong felt some unease in his heart as he watched. As he got closer, Jia Hyson genuinely felt reluctant to join the group.

He had.. he had never seen such muscular children before. Not in all three lifetimes.

"Hey Farrell!" A large- but not the largest- boy spotted him first. Even though there was annoyance in his eyes, his wide face was smiling and he waved his arm, his muscles rippling under the light. "Hurry up!"

Jia Hyson: '...Where did these baby golems come from? Did they kill and wear the skin of the real children?'

Bebe: 'Samotrelian babies are born with more muscle than other babies.'

Jia Hyson, imagining a baby with rock hard muscles instead of the pudgy fat that was literally the only reason they were so lovable: '...We must have the ugliest babies in the world then.'

Bebe: 'Yeah probably.'

The child who waved was from the Boar Tribe. Which wasn't the fiercest tribe or like, the richest, but they did have a lot of truffles in their area and apparently the first tribe head was the best at BBQ or something so somehow, thousands of years later, the Boar tribe became synonymous to gluttons and chefs and other food related things. Not seafood though.

That was delegated to the beach and water affiliated tribes like the Whale tribe, the Urchin tribe, the Dolphin tribe, the Mermaid tribe... there were a lot of tribes okay? This was a really big island country that somehow never got plundered by white people or the asians despite being a floating goldmine- it's a stupid romance drama story it doesn't have to make sense!

Anyway, the Boar tribe's child, Jaja, as expected from a tribe with a cooking specialty was much wider than the other bulky and beefy children. Jaja is second of command in the group because his largeness is well used in fights and can beat most of the other children up with his crude but incredibly effective body slam technique. Also his mother makes the best snacks.

The leader of the group is the Rhino Tribe's Symon. The reason is fairly simple. It's because his dad is too fearsome! None of their fathers can block bullets with their muscles alone ah! Not only that but the chief of the Rhino tribe is also the current leader of the royal guard who protects the king! Beside being the king himself, the most admired people to the young boys are people great at fighting, so the leader of the royal guard, the leader of the army, the leader of the fishermen and the leader of the hunters are all capable of being their idols.

Symon is also large and bulky, but in Jia Hyson's experienced eye he could tell that this child will definitely grow up very handsome, he already was fitting into his muscles very well. Symon is the second oldest of the group at thirteen and was consequently taller than most of them so the six pack on his body did not look too out of place. His face is angular and jawline strong, his eyes were a rare mutation of beautiful bright green and his eyebrows were straight as swords giving him a fierce look that didn't diminish his budding roguish attractiveness. However contrary to his upright warrior type appearance he was quite a hot tempered little sadist, his favorite thing was to bully Farrell and make him cry.

Jia Hyson: '...That kid, I want to date him.'

Bebe: '???' What nonsense is he spouting now?

Jia Hyson: 'Imagine this.. little bully Symon realises that they reason he always targets Farrell is because he likes me. He'll do his best to amend his wrongs and get closer to me. It's a nice classic ex-bully gong, sweet timid shou pairing ah. Then, after he courts me and we get together, it's very sweet and awkward, we kiss timidly and he slowly inches forward and then.. I fuck him until he's crying.' ()

Bebe: '...' Most hosts think about face slapping the original's enemies, this host just wants to fuck them. Aiyah who asked cannon fodder characters to look good and stimulate host's need to bully?

Bebe: '..What about Sefu Karamoy?'

Jia Hyson: 'Hm? What about him?'

Bebe: 'Well.. Bebe figures.. because the previous personas had... and host had...'

Jia Hyson: 'Psh please. Just because I liked the previous personas that doesn't mean I'm going to promise each and every future persona my virginity ba. If we fall in love we fall in love at our own pace. And if we don't fall in love, we don't. I don't believe one can truly love someone with their whole being, there will always be parts of you that will dislike the other person for various things and such. This Laozi doesn't want to force romantic feelings onto essential strangers just because of past matters.'

Bebe: 'Oh.' In a way host is surprisingly quite devoted to the previous personas. Unwilling to treat their love as butter, so easily spread to other bread.

Jia Hyson: 'Besides, hehe, it would be a waste to go around these different worlds and only play with one person. Until I fall in love again I'm free to do what I want ah. And what I want is some diversity in my diet if you know what I mean?'(/)o

Bebe: '...' Nevermind.   He's just scum.

Using Farrell's memories, Jia Hyson does his best to mimic an appropriate reaction. Straightening his back he does his best to wipe the nervous expression he had put on before into something blank and emotionless with only a trace of unease. He's not sure if he can pull off such a complex facial expression well but because of his young age the effect should still be okay.

Silently he sighs and vows to try practice his acting skills again in this life, so far the bodies he inhabited had similar personalities to himself in some way and even then he couldn't help but OOC. It goes to show that he really needs to practice more, maybe next world he'll ask for a celebrity type story world or, or a body that belongs to the future film emperor, one with a handsome goldmaster hehe''

"Apologies everyone for waiting," Jia Hyson makes a forced smile, "Shall we?"

Fluidly he opens the door for the other boys, such an action after being done so many times before the other attendants and guards didn't think much of it, but Sefu inwardly frowned at the subservient manner the little prince suddenly had on. The unease in his heart grew stronger and magnanimously offered to guard the door given his new status in the palace.

The other guards and attendants were pleased by the attitude and happily allowed it, however they still felt some suspicious toward the newcomer and only left a short distance a way, residing in the opposite room to keep an eye on Sefu. Generally they would have been a bit more lax but who asked Sefu to have such a villainous face and overbearing dominant aura?

Quietly they gossiped with each other about Sefu, some a bit more maliciously than others since guarding a prince was a high honour and while Sefu had some qualifications being raised by Johan, he was still a relatively unknown individual. Which tribe and high ranking family hadn't tried to push their sons and daughters into the royal palace?

One could get a good salary, decent prestige and connections and even a chance to marry up the ranks. It should be known that the current King Kro's wife was the third daughter of a merchant family in the small Seahorse Tribe and because of her abilities with the sword became a guard of the outer palace. King Kro, who had been second prince at that time had fallen in love with her after constantly been caught by her every time he tried to escape the palace to go out and play.

The story is very romantic but many crafty people had seized onto the moral of the story. Even a simple outer palace guard can win favor from the king! As long as you work in the palace with boundless opportunities to meet with royalty maybe they too might rise to the heavens and live a life of royal luxuries! Right now all the princes and princesses were young and single, this was the perfect time to plant little honeypots and every job in the palace was vied for with shining eyes.

Even though the Samotrelis people were considered simple and relatively honest to say that meant they didn't have any schemes in their heart was wrong. After all, even animals will use deplorable means to get their way much less humans who are filled with so many hidden thoughts. So a few of the attendants and bodyguards were actually hoping for Sefu to somehow slip up at this simple task. Not to the extent that it would risk the children certainly, but, something to at least gossip about like sleeping on the job and such. Of course they could say his face was not suitable for an attendant but they were also fellow warriors and would not spread malicious things on something so superficial as scarring.

Meanwhile inside the playroom.

"Ah!" Jia Hyson involuntarily let out a soft cry of surprise and distress as Jaja pushed him the moment they walked a few feet away from the door. Even though he was somewhat prepared he really had never been bullied before so he felt a little aggrieved and stifled in his heart. He couldn't help but send a glare at Jaja that small brute.

Even though he quickly took back the glare Jaja had already seen it and turned angry, kicking Jia Hyson literally when he was down, his dirty foot resting on his shoulder. "Oi, oi, you get some ugly bodyguard and suddenly you got your temper back ah?" Jaja sneers.

Jia Hyson's face turns ugly, really ah, really annoying. The feelings of the original Farrell also echoed here. It seems that Farrell truly despised his bullies, this sort of anxious anger, insecure and humiliated feeling was greater than the faint feelings of fear when he first saw Sefu.

"Aw are you going to cry?" Another boy mocks, it was the Bear tribe's representative Ahad. The Elephant tribe's Musawwir begins to light and fake exaggerated crying noises. Only the Tiger tribe's Altan stayed back and did nothing which was a little more infuriating than if he did something to be honest.

Finally after a round of insults and light but humiliating kicking, Symon raises his hand up, silencing the group of unruly bear children. His green eyes flashing with delight at Jia Hyson's worn down but still rebellious look. It had been a while since the prince had shown his temper and prideful arrogance toward him, he had almost gotten bored. But now seeing those golden eyes flash toward him with such focused animosity... it made him smile.

Jia Hyson: '...Aiyo it turns out the child really is a true sadist. Mn, maybe I won't pursue this one. Too many yandere types are not good for the soul. The annoyingly apathetic tiger cub might be more fun to tease instead.'

Bebe: 'Can't you pick people you actually 'like' to sleep with?'

Jia Hyson: 'Only when I want to consider a decent relationship with ah. You don't need to like someone to have sex with them. Even better if you want to bully them in bed, I personally find it quite satisfying when-'

Bebe: 'Okay, okay Bebe gets it.' It's already bad enough Bebe knows you're favorite kinks. Bebe doesn't want details.

"You guys... I, I am a prince!" Jia Hyson grits out, despite shaking with fear he glares at all of them. "If, if they find out you treated me like this-!"

The Bear and Elephant boys who were more weak-minded hesitates and backs off at that. Even though they enjoyed it now, they were essentially riding on the tail of the bigger fishes. Now that the prince has begun to stand up for himself they finally remember that while they may have a big fish backing them, the one they were playing with is a baby shark. With five older and very powerful shark siblings.

The Tiger tribe's Altan also changed his apathetic guilty look to something more uncomfortable and fearful. Even Jaja lifted his foot and looked at Symon for what to do.

Symon however was not as moved. And if he was he didn't show it. Jia Hyson had to give props to this little bastard, he would make a good underworld boss with this sort of attitude. "What are you all so scared about?" He barks out making everyone flinch, "If he had the balls he would have done it ages ago!"

After a moment of contemplation Jia Hyson decides to lower his head and bite his lip, his fists clenched and trembling to show that he was more bark than bite. Symon, taking this in feels his smile widening. Squatting down, Symon grabs a fistful of Jia Hyson's long hair and tugs on it so Jia Hyson has no choice but to look him in the eye. "Actually.. maybe he doesn't have any balls in the first place? With those looks, maybe he really is a girl."

Jia Hyson snarls, "Of course I'm a boy! I am a prince! You stupid cowards!"

Symon and the other boys frown. Being called a coward was a terrible insult to Samotrelians. You could be an idiot or a weakling but not a coward.

"Hold him down." Symon orders and the children rush to comply.

Jia Hyson of course doesn't take this lying down and struggles furiously. "You- what are you guys doing?!" He roars, he makes his voice waver and crack a little to give the impression of fear, emboldening the boys further. In truth, there was some merit to the age old tradition of boys being dumb and bullying the ones they like. If Farrell actually was a girl they probably wouldn't have gone so far but Farrell was an arrogant beautiful small boy who liked to talk big and be sort of annoying which had provoked this group of rich second generation brats.

Even though they were young they still couldn't help but admire beauty. Farrell's skin was paler than their's and after much struggling their was a faint flush of pink seeping through his skin. Not only that Farrell was lazy and insecure and avoided a lot of outdoor activities like fighting so his skin was still soft and smooth. In retrospect Jia Hyson realizes that it's this aspect that particularly piqued the children's interest as the bullying mainly extended to name calling, some shoving and a lot, a lot of manhandling. People like to look at nice things and touch nice things, and Farrell's skin among these small ruffians was like a cool polished jade amidst jagged, cracked desert rocks.

However that still doesn't stop him from thrashing around like a fish out of water, even if it does give those little perverts a chance to grope at him the original Farrell would have definitely not have yielded at this point and frankly Jia Hyson was sort of curious at what Symon wanted to do here. After exhausting himself he finally settles weakly in place, panting heavily. The other boys were also panting, Jaja was even tearing up a bit because Jia Hyson accidentally kicked him in the eye during the process.

Jaja almost hit him for that but thankfully Symon stopped him. Symon was either smart or more attentive toward Farrell than Jia Hyson thought since he never went far with the bullying- physically at least. The last time someone tried to do anything a little excessive, Symon pummeled the boy till he was a walking bruise. Jia Hyson magnanimously decides to put Symon back on his 'To Do' list again. Below Altan though because, damn Altan where are you touching?! This kid is willing to reap all the rewards after doing nothing ah?

"S-Symon," Jia Hyson pants, his hair and robes are now a mess and he's flushed and sweating as he looks up at the older boy. Symon couldn't help but swallow at the scene of this prince looking so ruffled, pin down on the floor under his orders. Even though he doesn't fully understand it, Symon suddenly felt a little warm and anxious at the sight. "Symon, t-tell them to let me go!" Even though it sounded pleading it was purposely worded to sound like an order.

[Corrupter of Children] can influence children to be bad. Their restraint, impulse control and ability to think of the long term consequences is lowered, and their risk-taking and rash behaviors are heightened. Since it's a low level skill currently, Jia Hyson could only subtly push them toward the direction of the cliff and the skill will help persuade the benefits of jumping off that cliff to them but he wasn't at the level where if he ordered them outright to do such a thing they will follow without a fight. In Jia Hyson's opinion other than that trashy name it's not a bad support skill to manipulate people, just a bit unpredictable in its results.

Anyway with the skill and Jia Hyson's own prompting, Symon and the others were too busy getting excited to realize they were getting a bit too loud.

"Let you go? Heh, you think we'll let you go so easily?" Jaja taunts.

"I think our little princess needs to be punished." Symon smirks but there's a quickness to his breathing that betrayed his own eagerness, "What about... a spanking?"

The other boys' eyes brighten and enthusiastically agree.

Jia Hyson: '...' Eh?

Bebe: '...' Do all Samotrelians have this kink?

Jia Hyson: 'Why is Karma so fast? No, why did karma come a second time? Is it because I cried my way out last time?'

Bebe, indifferent: 'Probably.'

Jia Hyson: 'Aiyah but I really am not interested in playing this type of thing with kids. Luckily I didn't plan on letting it play out in the first place ah.'

Bebe: '... Bebe would hope so.' But at this point Bebe really wouldn't be surprised if Host did have such interests.

"No!" Jia Hyson cries out and starts to twist and writhe out of the boys' holds to no avail. As Symon begin to slowly undo his clothe robes, which was essentially wrapped around his body like a dress, like a child savoring the first time he's unwrapping a present, Jia Hyson tears up and begins to beg in a louder and louder voice, "No! S-stop! This prince commands you to let go! I won't tell anyone if you stop! I, I- SEFU!"

The playroom doors slam open and Sefu rushes in, weapon in hand. Then he stares.

The bear children stare back.

Jia Hyson turned his head to the side away from Sefu and starts to make muffled crying sounds while buying a 'Heaven's Sorrow' pill, special bundle deal, three for 580p, guaranteed to make him truly cry instantly with great emotion.

Sefu takes in the way the big burly children have pinned the young prince to the ground. The signs that suggested Prince Farrell put up a fight such as the faint scratch marks and frazzled hair that had been perfectly tied up in a ponytail beforehand. And most damningly of all, Prince Farrell's soft crying voice and the dirty paws of one of the wretched brats who had been clearly in the middle of pulling away Farrell's robes and stripping him in down.

"You dare?!" Sefu roars. Compared to Symon's bark, it was much fiercer and intimidating. Symon instinctively clenched his hands in fright and pulled his limbs closer to his body for better defense but with that subconsciously action he managed to fully tear open Farrell's robes, exposing his royal body for everyone to see.

Jia Hyson: 'Okay, this, I can get behind this sort of play. Ah-  this is so embarrassing- don't look-- ' ( >  < )

Bebe:  

In reality though Jia Hyson who had taken the Heaven's Sorrow pill sounded far more wretched. "N-no! Wuwuwu.. don't.. don't look... wuwu... Sefu.."

Sefu doesn't hesitate to rush over and push the brats away from the prince, making sure to give a particularly hard shove to the person responsible for Farrell's humiliation, before scooping his charge up in a princess carry. Still crying softly Jia Hyson curls up toward Sefu and raises his arms to tightly hug the man's thick neck, burying his face into the crook of it. In this position even though his robes are loosened nothing is too exposed since his body is facing Sefu's wide chest.

Sefu meanwhile felt his chest fill with stuffiness at such a dependent action. He curses and berates himself in his heart as he brief and curtly informs the other bodyguards and attendants of what he saw and stresses that he will definitely tell the king of this before rushing off to the prince's room. While guarding he heard some noises and the sound of scuffling but the doors to the playroom are thick and boys generally tended to play rather violently.

However Sefu's hearing was still good and he noticed that Prince Farrell's muffled voice did not seem to sound happy but again he dismissed it given the child's previous attitude to coming in the first place. It was only until Farrell begin to shout louder and louder did the doubt in his heart finally sprout and he realized something was wrong. But who could have predicted the treasured baby of the royal family was being... so dishonored?!

He recalls the odd behavior of this morning. The unwillingness to come. The nervous look on Prince Farrell's face. The subservient way he opened the door for the group. Sefu finds his heart brimming with dismay and anger for the little prince.

Could it be, could it be that this has been happening for a while?

Is this where the child got such a perverted idea of spanking before too? Did those haughty brats-?

Suddenly Sefu felt that his thinking previously was too simple and shallow. Of course there was always an underlying reason for people to act the way they do. Prince Farrell had started to stray because of this! Being warped and constantly being bullied and humiliated in secret! No wonder he acted out!

Right now Sefu had the opportunity to correct the very young Prince Farrell's misconceptions, he should not blindly plot over a future to kill the despotic Prince Farrell when he could just nip the beginnings of tyranny in the bud altogether. Sefu felt a little invigorated, to be honest since the night before he felt reluctant over the initial plan but now he realizes there is still hope. As long as he takes care of Prince Farrell and teach him well... maybe...

Sefu's hold on Jia Hyson tightens as he looks down at the sweetly sobbing child in his arms, soft and cute like a kitten crying for milk and a flash of fondness and resolution passes through his black and white eyes.

Jia Hyson who was just a pervert that wanted to spank Sefu: 'Why do I feel that a wonderful misunderstanding has just been born?'

Bebe: '...' Fortune favors the fools.




"Hiyah!"

Jia Hyson threw down his arm, the whip in his hand follows through the actions, striking the ground with a fierceness that could rival any long sword. The boulder in front of him broke apart, leaving only a rough stump of rock half the height it was before. Wiping off his sweat with his free arm, Jia Hyson grins at the sight.

[Ding, ding! Whipper Snapper has increased to Level 4!]

This body was.. really too cool!

With a powerful sweep of his body, using the muscles from his legs up to his wrist he flicks the giant whip upwards before slamming swiveling his torso and slamming the weight of the whip down once more onto the rock, hitting it on it's side this time. The rock cracks under the attack but since the base was wide, it did not break as easily as before making Jia Hyson pout a little bit. However he shrugged it off, he's still young, he'll get there eventually.

It's been almost seven years and Jia Hyson will be reaching sixteen soon.

Even though he was no match to many other Samotrelians, his height has shot up, his muscles have become more defined and most of his soft cute features had matured into a more heroic, sexy and lively young man with a hint of soft youthfulness in his appearance he still couldn't yet shake off.

After years of training in the art of fighting and weaponry, Jia Hyson has chosen his preferred weapon of the uncommonly used whip. Unlike the usual whips nowadays, the Samotrelian version like so many other things was thick, heavy and full of destructive power. Generally the most powerful and painful part of the whip is the very tip known as the thong, which is able to break the sound barrier when one cracks a whip, hence the sound it makes.

However if one moves forward and gets hit by the middle part of the whip, the damage is lowered several times in comparison which makes it an unpopular weapon, especially for close combat. At least with the Samotrelian whip design it's heavy enough that, when executed well, getting hit by the rope can knock the air out of someone, or maybe even shatter their ribs if they were a normal person. Not to mention one could custom make the whip to add thorns or poisons. Still, many people had advised against such a weapon for Jia Hyson, recommending the lighter swords and spears and the more lethal hidden weapons and such that the original Farrell had ended up going for. But Jia Hyson refuses because:

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe, because whips are the sexiest weapons ah- () '

Bebe:  

Of course just because Jia Hyson had picked his preferred weapon didn't mean he could slack off learning how to wield others, he also was encouraged to learn the traditional and royal sword and spear techniques as well as some proficiency with the bow and arrow. That last one was supposed to be 'mastery with the bow and arrow' however Jia Hyson was bad with accuracy and remembering to consider the wind and so his teachers sort of gave up on him on that one.

Over the years he had gained the most basic whip mastery special skill [Whipper Snapper, young man you are still too simple! You are ten years to early to understand the greatness of the whip!] which gives him a small boost in both accuracy and power when using the whip and a general weapon mastery special skill [Future Weapons Master, one blade at a time you will walk the path to glory].

That last special skill was currently only at level 2 since he had only grasped some basic skills of various weapons and was only somewhat specialized in one. However this skill will help increase Jia Hyson's understanding and insight of wielding similar weapons of those he is already proficient in plus their related fighting styles with an extra effectiveness boost. It's a pretty good support skill. Better than that bullshit [Corruptor of Children] one at least.

With Prince Farrell's still decent physical stats (in Samotrelis terms) and Jia Hyson's bloodlust and intimate knowledge with human anatomy, he had shaped up to be quite a powerful opponent to fight. Even if he wasn't the strongest, he has a swift and flexible body and his whip which is just as swift and flexible, multiplied his damage output greatly.

"Farrell!"

Jia Hyson turns to the source of the familiar voice with a slight frown. "Symon, what are you doing here in the royal training grounds?"

Symon had grown up just as Jia Hyson expected, very handsome and masculine, looking roguish almost bordering on brutish with his large figure. Very pleasing to the eye. However after a quick admiring once over Jia Hyson's expression cools once more. "Well?" He stresses faintly annoyed.

The larger man lowers his head subserviently, a very different state compared to when they were children where the brat liked to bully so arrogantly.

Back then, the news that the youngest prince had been bullied by the big tribes' sons had spread quickly through the palace and the rest of the lands. King Kro had been furious, not to mention the rest of the royal family and the guilty parties and their families had to kneel outside the palace for five nights and six days before they could enter and once again beg for forgiveness for the children.

Even though most had more than one son, the ones sent to play with the little prince were of course their most favoured male children in hopes that they will one day become close friends with a member of the royal family. Who would have thought that these children were not only ungrateful and stupid, but so arrogant to not only bully but also strip the prince!

Of course as a consequence of such a humiliating affair, the King and Prince Farrell were kind enough not to consider this an act of rebellion and kill their whole family. However these big tribes had no choice but to suffer a few years afterwards as the royal family looked for other second-tier tribes for their various needs and trading, more or less ignoring the services of the five tribes or shortchanging them. And when the royal family does such a thing, of course the other tribes will follow in order not to offend them, causing the tribes of those bullies to fall further. Not enough to destroy the tribe but definitely enough to choke on their regrets. Even after so many years the heads of the Rhino, Bear, Elephant, Tiger and Boar tribes will think about it and want to beat those unruly bear children half to death!

In a way this incident also solved a few problems in Samotrelis. After all having only a select few tribes have a monopoly over certain essential goods was not great, and by investing more in the second tier tribes for a few years can inject more growth and stability to the prices of goods in the country among other things. By the time King Kro lifted his unofficial ban toward the Rhino, Bear, Elephant, Tiger and Boar tribes there were now multiple other tribes that could more or less compete with them for resources, goods and services, making it so there was no longer any more tribes that could dominate over others so greatly for the time being.

Except for the Whale tribe who was by the beach area and was too far away from all the chaos to be effected. But the Whale tribe was fairly chill and benevolent to the other oceanic tribes so it was okay.

Symon was still better off than his fellow bullies, since his father, while held in some contempt, managed to retain his position as the Head of the Royal Guard. After all, it's not like you can find men who can block bullets with their muscles anywhere. Even in Samotrelis where it seems everyone has eaten some sort of devil fruit that boosts their physical body in some manner. However, obviously after this, he was no longer the favoured son in the family. Due to him being the leader of the bullies, people in his tribe, including his parents, questioned both his character and ability to make decisions as a potential head of the tribe. Which. Fair enough.

Prince Farrell during that incident in contrast had completely whitewashed himself. Not only did he lower the punishments for the tribes, he was also willing to accept the bullies apologies and was willing to play with them afterwards as well, even becoming surprisingly close with the disgraced Symon. The people of Samotrelis felt that Prince Farrell had been deeply wronged before so all the selfish and tyrannical acts he had made beforehand were attributed to stress and such and was forgiven.

Little did they know...

"Farrell, you," Symon twisted the hem of his robe nervously, "you want to come over to our secret cave after training?" Symon flushes as he glances at Jia Hyson's chest, the pale brown skin glistening sweat like bronze, "I, I want to tell you something."

Jia Hyson raises his eyebrow and smirks, making his handsome face look mischievous and a touch cruel, "What's so important that you have to tell me there? You already barged into palace grounds. Uninvited I may add." His voice goes a touch colder, "You know how I don't like getting unexpected visits."

Symon swallows nervously and Jia Hyson could see Symon's eyes were dilated with lust and his breathing was heavy. His own smirk deepens.

Carelessly throwing away his training whip to the ground, he struts toward the towering hunk and smoothly wraps his arms around Symon's neck, giving him a flirtatious smile. "Don't tell me.. did you do this on purpose? Do you want me to be unhappy with you?"

On tip toes he leans in and whispers in Symon's ear, full of sinful intent, "Do you want to be... punished?"

Symon's breath, already heavy with anticipation turns ragged, revealing his excitement. Jia Hyson chuckles softly. For some people they can be a hard M or a hard S, but generally the line between S and M was actually thinner than people like to admit, especially for those self-proclaimed sadists. Jia Hyson loved to break them down into the Ms they secretly are.

Bebe: 'Bebe is confused about your preferences.'

Jia Hyson: 'That's easy. Depending on the person, I either like to bully or be bullied. I take in account appearance, personality, appearance and how much I like them.'

Bebe: 'You said appearance twice.'

Jia Hyson: 'I don't want to sound superficial but appearance is very important to me.'

Bebe: '...' How would you not sound anything but superficial?

Jia Hyson gently touches Symon's cheek before lightly, teasingly moving downwards, grazing the man's amazing abs, past his stomach, his fingers idly tracing the older man's mermaid lines before unabashedly gripping Symon's groin. Specifically, the thick heavy organ stiffening between his legs. "Mm.. we haven't even started anything and you're already half hard? How naughty," Jia Hyson teases.

Symon flushes but doesn't deny it.

After Symon was found out about the bullying back then, he was at his lowest. Yet after a few weeks Farrell came back to him and offered him friendship for a second time. Symon who had tasted his own bitter medicine by the other Rhino tribe's children that he had previously oppressed felt moved. Farrell, who he had bullied, had become one of the few friends he had, and even though Farrell had other friends, Symon secretly thought that Farrell must like him the most.

Over time Symon had also begun to develop feelings for Farrell. No, maybe it was more correct to say he had always had feelings for Farrell, who looked so slender and was paler and prettier than all the women on the island, but had never noticed due to childish immaturity. At first he was sure it was the youngest prince's unique looks that fascinated him in the beginning but after getting along with him for so long Symon felt that Farrell was really great.

Farrell was funny and interesting, even if he was a little lazy and spoilt it merely looked cute on him then annoying. Even though he was a little weaker than most people Symon thought, isn't it better? That way he can be the one to always protect and hold him in his arms.

However, these sort of thoughts he had kept deeply buried inside of his heart. Symon knew he didn't deserve to hold such amorous feelings toward Farrell, much less have the depraved fantasies he constantly indulged in during the night, of that time when he was about to strip and spank Farrell. Except in his fantasy Farrell was his current age, and Farrell was begging him with tears in his eyes, and this time he managed to go through the whole act without being interrupted, finally ending with Farrell lewdly getting fucked hard in his spanked ass by him.

But then half a year ago on Prince Farrell's fifteenth, the prince had drunk too much and kissed him, soft and filled with the intoxicatingly bittersweet taste of liquor and Symon was helpless to resist.

Prince Farrell had acted shy at first, however Symon did not want to give up now that he knew he might have a chance and wasted no time in confessing which was quickly accepted by a delighted Farrell. The next few weeks were full of sweetness that filled his heart and it didn't help that Farrell treated him especially well, pampering him, sending him gifts and being more attentive to him than even his parents. This sort of cute doting attitude, how can he not be satisfied?

Symon fell even deeper each and every day, and one night, he couldn't help himself. One night they were alone in the prince's room and Symon began to tentatively kiss Farrell, his larger hands roaming the soft coffee skin he had constantly dreamt off, moving faster and faster in his anticipation until-

Symon: '???'

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe.'

Symon: '!!!'

It turned out he ended up being eaten instead of eating.

At first, Symon couldn't accept this, but the body is more honest than the mouth and after getting eaten again and again by the surprisingly crafty prince, and enjoying it each time, he had to admit defeat. Nowadays he couldn't even get off without shoving something into his ass and tugging at his nipples, groaning loudly as he imagines Prince Farrell bullying him. His favourite fantasy has changed, with Farrell just about to be spanked before somehow reversing the situation and pinning Symon down in front of everyone, spanking and completely humiliating him in retaliation. It was fair to say Prince Farrell had trained his body well in the past few months.

"My prince..." Symon pants, "Please.. it's been so long."

Jia Hyson smiles but internally he was sighing, a little irritated. He's already played to his heart's content with Symon and now he was starting to feel a little... bored. To play with someone for over half a year was already very good ah. "It's only been a few days," his voice is light but if one heard closely they would notice how bland and emotionless it is. Fortunately Symon was too busy lightly thrusting his hips into Jia Hyson's hand like he was in heat. "Who knew the great Head of the Royal Guard's son was so eager for dick?"

Symon groans, embarrassed and excited by the words, "You're dick, only yours..."

Jia Hyson could feel his own lower regions heating up at the sultry moans of his former bully. Feeling a little eager himself, he lets go of Symon's now fully hard cock much to Symon's disappointment, and grabs his hand instead. "To my room," Jia Hyson domineering says and Symon could only enthusiastically nod as he uses his free hand to try cover his excitement from the onlookers that would be in the palace.

Walking briskly to his room, just a few meters away they bump into Sefu. Sefu's heterochromatic eyes stare at the entwined hands of Prince Farrell and his... Symon, and his expression darkens. "What is the meaning of this my prince? Weren't you meant to be practicing your whip arts for the whole afternoon?"

Jia Hyson glances to the door that leads to his room forlornly before turning his attention to his personal attendant slash bodyguard. "I did but then I realised me and Symon had some pressing matters to discuss."

Sefu sneers, as the person closest to the prince how could he not be aware of the nature of their relationship. "Oh? Pressing matters you say? Pray tell, what sort of matters are they?"

Jia Hyson grins, his smile cheeky and sly, "Personal ones, now please move aside Sefu."

"...Very well." Sefu says through gritted teeth. Even if he was in the position to advise and care for this no longer so little prince, he could not go against his words. Like it physically pained him to do so, he stiffly takes a step to the side. "Have fun talking about your... pressing matters your highness."

Jia Hyson laughs and pats Sefu's shoulders casual and dismissively with a smile before rushing toward his room, dragging Symon along with him. Symon shudders under the bodyguard's icy glare, quickening his pace to escape into Farrell's room.

"Don't you think your bodyguard dislikes me?" Symon tentatively asks.

Jia Hyson's smile turns flirtatious once more as he steps into Symon's personal space, "Does it matter what he thinks?" He questions back amusedly.

Symon shakes his head, "No, only you do my prince." He intelligently answers before raising his head up in a silent demand for a kiss which Jia Hyson generously complies to.

Sefu, who was standing in a dark corner away clenches his fists. A small wireless headphone in one ear producing the ambiguous sounds of moaning and flesh hitting flesh for him to listen to. His eyes flash darkly as the previous conversation echoed in his head.

Does it matter what he thinks?

Oh it'll matter.

It will.

One day.

...

"Symon, it's been fun but I think it will be better to stay friends instead."

Symon stiffens, his green eyes stare at the now indifferent but still beautiful appearance of the prince who had captured his heart and body, uncomprehending. "What?"

Jia Hyson smiles gently at the shocked older man. However even though the face was attractive, the words were quite repulsive to Symon's ears, "Your body is not bad to be able to keep me satisfied for over half a year, but I'm tired of this relationship. Let's break it off. Okay?"

Bebe: 'Wow. This is the first time I've seen Scum Hyson in action.'

Jia Hyson: 'Hey, unless you want to cultivate stalkers you have to cut off any misunderstandings ah.'

Bebe: '..How did you not get stabbed more?'

Jia Hyson: 'Hey, rude. I'll have you know I've gotten stabbed, punched and even once, poisoned. Once this girl hired an assassin to kill me but at that time I was dating this super hot guy from the Ministry of State Security so.' (Chinese version of CIA)

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'But it turns out that dude was a real piece of work, when I broke it off because I found out he was married, he tried to frame me for the murder of his mistress... Actually in retrospect he may have already been planning to frame me before I broke it off but whatever.'

Bebe: 'New question. How did you not die sooner?'

Jia Hyson: 'I have a magical penis.' 

Bebe: '...'   New question. Can Bebe castrate you?

"But... but..." Symon stutters, still half in denial. His eyes begin to redden and tears started to overflow. There was no trace of his usual arrogant demeanour that he had in front of other people. This sort of pathetic appearance was quite...

Jia Hyson resists the urge to lick his lips, eyes lowering to take in Symon's debauched appearance for the last time. Mn, he is going to miss him. It had been a long time since he trained someone so well after all. Drake Lanzoni had been willing to try for him but it turned out that the man genuinely wasn't interested in being bullied in such a manner, his character profile in the original story at that time was a true domineering stallion so there wasn't much they could do in that aspect.

"My prince, don't, don't do this, I-I love you," Symon pleads, grasping desperately at Jia Hyson's hand.

Jia Hyson holds back from rolling his eyes, and gives Symon a somewhat fond look. Like an owner looking at an idiotic pet. "Symon, please don't make this difficult. You know I hate that."

Symon's tears start to flow down. This big man, crying so woefully was a little uncomfortable to see but Jia Hyson just sighs and hugs Symon to his chest in his last act of comfort. He was Symon's first man after all, he can't be too callous ah.

Bebe: '...If Bebe could rate you, Bebe would say you are higher than pond scum but only slightly below sewage scum.'

Jia Hyson: '...'

"C-can I ask why?" Symon asks quietly after calming down a bit. Then in a darker voice he questions, "Is it Altan? That slutty bitch? Is he the reason why you no longer want me?"

Jia Hyson: '...' Well, he's not going to fuck Altan anytime soon now.

"No, it's not Altan," To be fair, Altan from the Tiger tribe had been the type to swoop when he was a kid and he was the type to swoop now. Recently Altan had been circling Jia Hyson, flattering him and utilising subtle seduction techniques as his eyes burn with want. Honestly, if there was a Vulture tribe, Altan could have been the leader.

Jia Hyson personally disliked Altan more than he did Symon when it came to that group of bullies so he was quite interested in fucking the man to incoherent tears. Unfortunately for the sake of Symon's mental state and Altan's health, he will have to push that endeavour to a later date.

"I've merely gotten bored of our relationship," Jia Hyson assures with words that really weren't assuring at all.

"Is, is it me? I can change!" Symon insists. Jia Hyson massages his forehead with growing irritation. He had forgotten how hard it was to break up with people.

"Symon, I'm just not interested in you anymore. It's that simple." Jia Hyson sighs again, "We can still remain friends and if you want we can even be casual sex friends but I no longer want to pursue a romantic relationship with you."

"...Give me some time to think about it." Symon finally relents gloomily. Putting on his robes, he leans toward Jia Hyson as if expecting a kiss before stopping and catching himself halfway. A flash of sadness passes through his eyes before wordlessly he leaves.

Jia Hyson groans and lays back on his bed, tired from the conversation and exhausted from the previous physical activity. Being on top was fun but too much work in his opinion, in the end he does have a preference for bottoming ah. Still, it's hard to be able to get such high quality dark-skinned muscular warrior shous ah. He might as well have his fill while it lasts (`) .

Bebe: 'Host.'

Jia Hyson: 'Hm?'

Bebe: 'Go die.'

Jia Hyson: '...'




"Ah- my prince," A masculine yet beautiful dark skinned woman kisses the corner of Jia Hyson's mouth, her ample breasts smothering his forearm as she leans up against him. "You were wonderful. To be honest I had not put much stock in the rumors but now I see that they were not exaggerating."

"Rumors?" Jia Hyson asks curiously.

The woman giggles coquettishly, "Yes, about how Prince Farrell may look like a delicate doll made from overseas but if he takes you to bed the one that will be broken will not be him."

Jia Hyson smiles, "Are you saying that you were broken? Maybe I should be more gentle next time ah?"

"Your highness," A cold raspy voice calls out, making the women shout suddenly in surprise and Jia Hyson frown.

"Sefu, I told you to knock first." He chided exasperatedly but there was fondness seeping from his voice. As expected after so many years together how can Jia Hyson not place the scarred man into his heart.

His siblings were the same but to a lesser degree since they all had grown up and have important duties so Jia Hyson didn't actually interact with them too much anymore once he became reached fifteen however he quite like the Abioye family overall. They were caring toward him but still very serious about their work and country. He doesn't feel like they were the type of people to incite a rebellion to the masses.

"This lowly servant did." Sefu replies curtly, his eyes darkly taking in the scene of his prince being cuddled up by some wench he found in a dance hall. Ever since Symon, Prince Farrell had become more and more unruly in taking various lovers. Even though Prince Farrell was no longer the little tyrant anymore he had become an indulgent and charismatic playboy who spent his days traveling around the island and trying new activities, doing fun things, seeing new places and fucking new people.

However despite his well known playboy status he was greatly beloved by the people. After all, it is harder to incite love to people you don't see, compared to people you see often. Like a boss of a company who stays up high and will only go down to meet his workers for important occasions compared to one who comes down often to check up and talk to the workers, one group will inevitably feel closer to their boss than the other.

Not only that, Farrell despite being laid back, lazy and capricious, was very observant and interested in various things. So his appointed job had become essentially unofficial quality control and determining if the state of a tribe or area with his own eyes.

There was a proper group of course dedicated to this sort of thing, however they had a lot of regulations to adhere to, occasionally had the problem of conflict of interests and it was impossible for them to be everywhere. Having a prince coming for an 'impromptu' visit to a worksite or 'sightseeing' in the rural areas just helps ease those other people's jobs as well as keep any greedy people in line. Farrell had reported quite a few areas where the poverty was rampant, or there was child labor and other corruption which made him very heroic in the eyes of the common people. Not only that he was beautifully unique in looks and had a charismatic personality. His one flaw of being a complete slag is almost negligible in comparison really. Especially when rumors from his past lovers about exactly how good he was in bed have spread.

Many now vie to try capture the young prince's attention in order to be able to taste this so-called great pleasure. Bebe was amazed. Jia Hyson, this stinky host, like a pheonix from the ashes had transformed into a playboy slag into the number one man every Samotrelian wanted to sleep with. Even Symon, his first boyfriend had begged to be his sex friend after separating after a year, saying that after Farrell, no one else could compare.

But in Jia Hyson's opinion this wasn't very surprising. A lot of men, not just Samotrelian ones, can be quite selfish in bed. Only interested in getting themselves off and jackrabbiting away as the other party just lies there trying to hide how unsatisfied they are. It also didn't help that Samotrelis was an island country with some conservative views. Even if homosexuality was more acceptable than in other places in the world, straight male cancer was a disease that no country can shake off. Foreplay and g-spots... they were still uncommon concepts to many men, even some women. Sex education wasn't exactly huge here.

Jia Hyson was the type to like to make people cry and go crazy with pleasure. Watching them sob and beg for more or even beg to stop from the overstimulation, this sort of thing was part of a good sexual experience for him. Such an attentive, if sadistic and perverted lover, who didn't enjoy that?

Even the Panther tribe, a tribe made solely out of amazon women who distrusted men due to various reasons had accepted this playboy prince. Especially when he had taught them an interesting new play called 'pegging'.

Jia Hyson: 'En, it was good choice to get my chrysanthemum plucked by the panther women first ah. They are much more careful about preparation in the beginning than those brutish men.. and much more eager to keep ruthlessly fucking me as I beg them for mercy hehe.'

Bebe who had to install a mosaic function out of necessity during it's stay in the world: '...'

To be honest other than being pegged by women, he did not allow any men to penetrate him. Firstly because of the jackrabbit thing. And secondly, the size.

Jia Hyson isn't really a size queen who believes bigger is better, as long as it can hit the spots he wants he's happy.

He's also vaguely traumatized by some things he had accidentally clicked and read through on a hentai site when he was young. Honestly, he doesn't know why so many people say that gays go against the nature of mankind when there are people who draw and sell comics of ugly men violating every possible orifice of a woman with their overly large genitals that are very disproportionate to their body size. Straight porn was so scary sometimes.

Because of this, the impressionable young Jia Hyson had always been a little afraid of the idea that the muscles around his hole would permanently loosen if he played too much with big things and that idea had stuck to him on some level. It's also why he isn't fond of kinks like fisting- unless the hand is small, then they can negotiate carefully beforehand with safe words.

Usually this wasn't a problem for Jia Hyson, who was very experienced in all sorts of dirty things. However, Samotrelis held nothing but big things. Very big things. And he himself was still relatively normal in size. He can barely fit his mouth around those massive thick rods, and had to use both hands to stroke it. How could he not be intimidated?

So he hadn't actually lost his maidenhood to any man yet. Sefu who had insisted on being the prince's close confidant happened to know this and it was the only thing keeping his grip still tight on reality at this point.

In an attempt to make his prince less attractive he had tried to spread the rumor of his prince being a slag. A promiscuous prince that lived a life of debauchery and lust. Sefu didn't feel too guilty, after all, it was seven or eight points true, and that way he could drive away those men and women vying for the prince's young heart. Unfortunately Sefu himself was still naive at the time and didn't realise this sort of rumor would not only attract the promiscuous ones, but also those interested in reforming Prince Farrell, and entering a place in his heart that no one else had been. And once they realized Prince Farrell was very skilled in the art of both seduction and sex, things spiraled to the point it was now.

"Farrell-?" Next to the beautiful women cling onto Prince Farrell's side another gorgeous lady slowly sat up and yawned cutely. Unlike the first women who was curvy and big breasted, this one was thinner, her muscles more compact making her look elegant in comparison. "What's going on? Are we going again?"

It was almost enough to make Sefu reconsider pushing his meticulously thought out plans forward.

Jia Hyson glanced at the second women in his bed and coughed awkwardly. "Sorry Miss Lakis, I seem to have some pressing matters?"

"The king is requesting your presence." Sefu replies coldly, his expression which had been already been dark before was now as black as an abyss. An abyss made out of seething anger and rage.

Coupled with his already scary facial features, Miss Lakis who had just woken up received quite a fright. "O-oh!" Even the other woman who had been there the whole time was quite scared. These two were young warriors and they could distinctly feel the killing intent in that rather villainous man's look.

Prince Farrell's loyal bodyguard and personal attendant Sefu Karamoy was another talking point in the country. Social media by now has caught up with them after numerous years of opening their borders and accepting the influx of foreign goods so almost everyone had touch phones and some understanding of western and chinese culture. Prince Farrell had also created a large scale project for literacy and libraries so the young Samotrelians were very up to date with many things.

Which somehow culminated to one naughty bear child who had saw Prince Farrell and Sefu in passing and loudly called out, in front a very large crowd of people, "It's Princess Jasmine and Jafar!"

And somehow that stuck.

The two women had previously thought, while it was sort of fitting it was an incredibly rude nickname for a warrior with an unfortunately evil looking appearance and scarring who has loyally followed and protected the rather princess-looking prince since young but now... now they thought it was very fitting! Your highness watch out! Your bodyguard is clearly planning nefarious schemes! Don't let him steal Aladdin's lamp!

Sefu: '...' Very unhappy.

Jia Hyson sighs, "Well if it's father... Give me a minute to go shower, I'll be ready soon."

"Shall I... dispose of your paramours?" Sefu smiles but to the two women it was a chilling sight.

"Sure, sure," Jia Hyson, used to Sefu's villainous way of speaking just casually waves him off as he unabashedly slips out of the bed, completely naked and strides to the shower room.

The two ladies: '...' Your highness, come back QAQ

Sefu: 'Hehe.'

When Jia Hyson came back, the women were no longer in the room, and only Sefu was present with a red shirt and golden trim, and white pants folded in his arms. His black and silver eyes flicker as he takes in Jia Hyson's slim but muscular figure toned by years of training, still damp and warm from his shower. His long wavy hair was wrapped up in a large towel, showing off his slender nape and his most private parts were also wrapped in a towel, albeit a smaller one.

Just like Jia Hyson had wished for, Prince Farrell had grown up into an incredibly sexy man filled with pheromones that incited the lust of others. Even though he had watched Farrell grow up for so many years Sefu still couldn't stop his mouth from drying and his body from heating up at such a tantalizing sight. Sefu almost wanted to throw the clothing in his arms away just so his prince could stay in his barely clothed state but at the same time Farrell might catch a cold and he couldn't bear to let the little kitten he had taken care of for so long then sick. It was a deeply conflicting feeling.

"Oh! My favorite!" Jia Hyson smiles widely, his golden eyes curving into pleaser cresents as he picks up the clothing from Sefu's arms. "You really do know me Sefu, what would I do without you?"

"I shudder to think your highness," Sefu replies dryly but there's a touch of affection in his raspy voice.

Jia Hyson couldn't help but feel his cheeks flush a little at the fond expression on Sefu's face. Shyly he chuckles, a little unsure what to say and just takes the clothing handed to him and turns around to drop his towel to quickly change.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe is he-?'

Bebe: 'Yes. He's staring at your butt.' Like he does every time you do this.

Jia Hyson: ( >  < ) 'Oh no, I'm getting excited just imagining it.'

Bebe: 'Bebe is surprised your dick can do anything after last night. Seriously, why can't host just confess, it's been years. Years.' YEARS.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe.. I've been over this. Sefu is a two-faced rebel scum. Until he either confesses to me first, or admits that he is aware of the presence of a rebel organization, even if I like him, I can't fully trust him either ah.'

After some thought and discussion with Bebe they had realized that it was probably likely that the royal family were innocent of the numerous charges held against them in the original world, and that the rebels must have planted false evidence against them. This sort of large scheme meant the rebels had a network, an organization, an intelligent group that had been waiting for decades to strike. However, the rebels have been planted long ago and finding out their identities was difficult. Sefu obviously was, is, a key player.

If he defects he will definitely be assassinated given his knowledge. However Jia Hyson is confident that if Sefu truly intends to do so the royal family can protect him, keeping his betrayal a secret, especially since they wouldn't want to beat the grass only to scare the snake. Sefu is intelligent and must know that too. So the fact he still hasn't confessed to either his rebel nature or what Jia Hyson assumes is hopefully affectionate feelings for himself, either meant A. He's doing the guilt bullshit thing all men in romance novels do when they have a secret identity (e.g. Drake Lanzoni, that stupid hot bastard) or B. He's going to go through with the fucking rebellion.

Either way, Jia Hyson is going to play romance chicken until that idiot finally caves in and breaks first.

Meanwhile, he's going to enjoy himself ah- 

Bebe: '...' Well. For once it's Host really wasn't in the wrong here. Who asked Sefu to be such a vinegar guzzling timid bitch?  

To be frank, Bebe also didn't like Sefu because of those previously stated reasons. And was not as easily moved by romance and lust like it's spicy chicken host. So other than complaining about the numerous conquests Jia Hyson was going through like he planned to sleep with half the country before he hit thirty, Bebe was secretly quite fine with letting Sefu suffer.

Only Bebe can backstab it's Host!  

Jia Hyson: '...' ()You're planning to backstab me one day?




After getting dressed Jia Hyson strode confidently to the throne room, with Sefu a step behind him as appropriate given his status.

As he entered he realized all the Abioye family was here. Which was rare given everyone's busy schedules and his own flightiness. Not to mention the royal advisors and heads of various important things were present too. Immediately his relaxed smile goes slightly tense and serious. "Your majesties," He bows to the king and queen sitting on their seats.

"Rise, Farrell," King Kro chuckles, "We're all family here, no need for formalities."

With that reassurance immediately Jia Hyson's tense shoulders soften as he straightens his back, his serious expression quickly reverting back to his sultry, carefree and sly smile. "Ah, then what did you call me for father? I had been busy taking care of two very beautiful ladies." He complains.

King Kro: '...' Maybe there were some need for formalities ah.

"Pft- as expected of brother!" Third prince Jaleel burst out laughing. Walking toward Jia Hyson he hugs his brother fondly with one beefy arm. "Ah, Farrell, you really do take after the great and charismatic me when I was younger don't you?"

"What are you talking about, you didn't met your first girl till you were eighteen!" First Princess Amina scoffs. "And then when you broke up with her you moped for a year! Where on earth does Farrell take anything from you?" She sneers.

"At least I was popular Miss 'I'll break you're necks with my bare hands if you look at my boobs one more time'!" Prince Jaleel then proceeds to crudely mime the largeness of his sister's breasts on his own chest. Jia Hyson had to look away from this stupid brother of his lest he laugh and be caught in the crossfire.

"Well at least I didn't get rejected by the Mermaid's tribe Mo Momo!" Princess Amina smirks. "Five times!"

Jaleel grits his teeth at that one. Because when he was younger he had greatly offended Mo Momo, the beloved little prince of the Mermaid Tribe. So obviously when he was a child Mo Momo didn't like him. Then Mo Momo grew up and became one of the most beautiful men apart from Prince Farrell, and he still didn't like Jaleel. Unfortunately Jaleel who had played so many pranks on so many people had forgotten about this grudge after so many years and after coming back to visit the mermaid tribe three years ago for reasons he had fallen in love with the beautiful cold young man at first sight.

"Now, now, there's no need for that. Not everyone can be as lucky in love as I." Second prince Chuma laughs heartily, he was now the Head of the Royal Guard since the previous head- the Rhino Tribe leader- retired due to age. The second prince had also gotten married a few years ago to the daughter of the whale tribe's leader, and as the only married one out of the group of siblings, is very fucking smug.

"Husband," Prince Chuma's wife blushes because she's a sweetheart.

"Hah," The King sighs but doesn't disagree with his second son who had followed in his footsteps by marrying his first love. He had so many children, his youngest one Prince Farrell was now in his mid-twenties, and yet only one of them his settled down. The first prince is an abstinent workaholic, the third prince is a hot romantic mess, the first princess has scared all the suitors away both men and women, the second princess is an idol chaser who only likes white jade boys and his youngest child, his fourth son, his previous baby, is a complete and utter playboy slag with a weirdly ambiguous relationship with his much older personal bodyguard.

He had six children, three were virgins, two were cheap slags and only one was in a stable, loving relationship. Even though he loved them dearly and was proud of them career wise, King Kro wondered if he had raised them wrong in some way to get such strange statistics.

"Children please have some decorum. Even if my husband said you can drop your formalities he didn't ask to drop your mental ages away well. Our advisors, top officials and tribe heads are watching." The queen smiles frostily.

"Eh, I wasn't going to be king anyway," Jaleel sticks out his tongue. A few of the old men and women around them frown at the impudence but others smiled indulgently. After all, even though the first prince is most likely to win the crown, and the first princess was the next best candidate, everyone was aware that Jaleel was only third best because of his childish attitude. He was the typical genius child that held no interest in power but still held a great amount of value to the country.

"Regardless," The first prince Asafa sighs tiredly, as the eldest and the one with the most expectations, these days he had lost quite a bit of weight and muscle mass being bogged down by a lot of issues and paperwork behind the desk. "Please do refrain yourself Jaleel." Coupled with his graying hair and his handsome face, and his aloof but awkward personality, Jia Hyson couldn't help but curse at the fact they were blood-related brothers. This man was a prime stern but sickly daddy ah, such a waste.

Bebe: 'You beast, you won't even let your blood related brother off.'

Jia Hyson: 'Oh come on, send your system buddies a photo of him and get them to ask their hosts whether he's top tier daddy material or not and I guarantee they'll say yes.'

Bebe: '...Bebe would rather die.'

"Father, what did you call us here for?" Second Princess Koffi calls out in an attempt to get back on track, her face impatient as she had an idol drama that starts in an hour and she had to support her new male god! This one was a sweet pale Japanese boy who was looked as sweet as milk candy!

"We need someone to act as a foreign diplomat, well not exactly," King Kro looks relieved that at least some of his offspring were sensible. "Me and Asafa have visited the places outside the island every few years but times are changing. Even though we have opened our borders for trade our country still has not opened it's arms completely to foreigners. We need, not just a foreign diplomat, a, um, a face I suppose, someone to interact with the foreigners and show off Samotrelis."

Asafa steps up, face serious, "Jaleel, Koffi and Farrell, you three are our youngest and most suitable for such a job."

"As fun as it sounds, I'm currently being trained to aid our communication and intelligence groups. I can't do that if I'm away." Jaleel shakes his head.

Koffi also shook hers, but her expression was much more disappointed. "Our trade business has been expanding rapidly and it's a little hard to cope. I also don't believe I'm too suitable for such a role."

All eyes move to Jia Hyson.

"Yeah, I'll be happy to." Jia Hyson blinks, "In fact I'm clearly the best choice for this specific role, what's with all the dilly-dallying?"

It was true. Farrell seemed to have a talent for language. He was more fluent in Mandarin and English than the others, plus he had a charismatic personality and was used to socializing. Not only that, his looks still fit the aesthetics of many foreigners and was much less intimidating and 'brutish' than his fellow siblings. It's just that...

A middle aged advisor with a very stern and disapproving look coughed and flared at Jia Hyson. "This... dilly dallying as you call it is because we are concerned about you moral character and whether you may incite any fires from your licentious activities."

Jia Hyson narrows his eyes before smiling, "Excuse me Advisor Yallo?"

"He thinks you'll sleep with someone important and create a war." Prince Jaleel smirks.

"Wha- is that how you think of me?" Jia Hyson have the man a look of exaggerated shock and hurt. However he was a little concerned with the allegations.

After all, Samotrelis was still a bit xenophobic so traveling out of the country was harder than expected. So it would be great if he was given this role which allows him to move around the world freely. Right now the protagonist should be an upcoming businesswomen that will quickly establish some roots and be returning back to her home city in a two to three years for revenge.

"You slept with my daughter." Advisor Yallo coldly retorts.

"I also slept with you!" Jia Hyson blurts out.

Advsior Yallo's dark face reddens.

King and Queen: '...' Eh? When did this happen? How many people in our royal court did you sleep with?

Other Samotrelis officials: '...' Didn't you two have an antagonistic relationship?

Sefu: '...' Aren't you also a rebel spy like me? What are you doing sleeping with my prince? Where is the trust between traitors?

"...Okay I can see your point." Jia Hyson sighs, "But I'll be good! Seriously! I'll hold back a bit ah. Just celebrities at most."

The normal people: '...' You think people can bed celebrities so easy ah?! Why don't you just fly up and ascend to heaven?!

"Brother!" Princess Koffi runs up to hug his arm, worry and desperation in her eyes, "If, if you see Mr Lee Chase or Mr Ran Qingkong or, or, Miss Xia An don't, don't.."

Jia Hyson laughs and reaches up to pat her head, "Don't worry, Koffi, I won't tarnish your beloved-"

"Don't forget to get me an autograph!" Koffi finishes, eyes shining in eagerness, "And a photo! Preferably topless!" She licks her lips, not even a shred of doubt that her younger pretty boy brother couldn't seduce her gods and goddesses for her sake. Maybe one of them can finally move his heart and then she can have a male god or goddess as her in-law!

Jia Hyson: '...' Gurl, you're a special kind of shameless aren't you?

The Abioye siblings: 'We don't know them. Don't look at us. We don't know them.'

He laughs again but this time full of helplessness. His sister was very level headed in business and making money but she had only one big gaping brain hole. And that was her love of pretty things. "Sure, sure I'll do my best ah."

Koffi smiles sweetly, "If you can, fall in love too okay? With someone that has smooth, pale skin, sweet face and has starred in at least a blockbuster movie. Find your whitewashed Aladdin!"

Jia Hyson: 'Despite being a fellow person of color you really love the whitewashing media huh?'

The dark, scarred skin and scary faced Sefu: '...' He really wants to strangle the kid who started this reference. And the young princess.

And so Jia Hyson became a foreign royal diplomat.

...

"Huh."

One and a half years later, and Jia Hyson had established himself well. He made many connections with powerful people, improved Samotrelis' relationships with other countries and also made a Weibo and Twitter account that received millions of fans, making him quite a celebrity online. After all he was a world traveling exotic playboy prince with a sense of humor! Who wouldn't like?

With his popularity, Samotrelis who was tied to his face, had also consequently become more public. The foreigners saw Prince Farrell's photos of this Luxury Island and were amazed. More people wanted to buy Samotrelian goods and visit. Some very ambitious producers even wanted to shoot a reality show there.

Anyway, the point is, Prince Farrell was famous and at this point, Samotrelis' national treasure, and it would obviously be seen that his playboy reputation had also been globalized. However people still liked Prince Farrell since he was very straightforward about this part of himself and was adamant that he would never use his authority and position to force anyone, nor would he approve of cheating- unless they liked that kind of play ah. This sort of shameless attitude was very popular with the netizens. Even if there were sunspots overall the prince had a good image.

However who knew that such a reputation would lead somehow to this.

Jia Hyson closes his hotel door abruptly, quickly bidding Sefu who had led him to the door goodnight before walking to his bed to stare.

'Bebe is that-?'

'...Bebe believes so.'

Jia Hyson chuckles bitterly. He doesn't know if his luck is really good or really bad ah. Here he was thinking that he should start actively reaching out to the characters of the plot and now...

Pale skin glistening with sweat burns his eyes and the figure in front of him was groaning and writhing wantonly against his sheets.

The flushed gorgeous body of the protagonist Song Chuntao was laid out completely naked and seemingly drugged on his hotel bed.




Warning: some dubious drug stuff but it's not like.. a huge amount. I think it should be okay?

'Bebe,' Jia Hyson inner thoughts, unlike his expressionless dull face, was filled with panic, confusion and a little hysteria, 'I don't recall Farrell and the protagonist ever interacting in the original story??'

'They don't!' Bebe also was a bit panicked. After a moment it awkwardly adds, 'Actually...'

Jia Hyson feels a headache brewing. He was already tired and sore from going around all evening schmoozing with the upper classes of China not to mention dizzy from alcohol. He really didn't want to deal with this.

He just wants to soak in a warm bath, masturbate a bit and go to bed ah!

Bebe: '...' Even if it's a daily part of human life, Bebe wishes you were more ashamed about it.  

'Bebe, stop judging me and start talking, why am I suddenly the scum character who has the drugged protagonist in my bed?' Jia Hyson groans.

It turns out, Zheng Ting, the adopted white eyed wolf, in the story was very wary about Song Chuntao. Which. Fair. So she had been keeping track off her. Also very fair, if a little paranoid. Of course Zheng Ting, as fitting as a villain that will be consistently face slapped in a story was also very arrogant to the point of delusional.

Even though she had caused the Song family to fall and suffer, she truly felt that letting them go was an act of mercy. Song Chuntao who came back to grow her rising company even bigger, to Zheng Ting, was actually stepping all over her goodwill. Since she had done this, Zheng Ting believed Song Chuntao was just asking for herself to be slapped half-dead.

Jia Hyson personally doesn't understand such unwarranted hostility toward a person who has done nothing terrible to you other than being born better, but hey, if it's for the plot he can't complain. Zheng Ting was a solid villain for these sort of stories.

Anyway, it was written that before Song Chuntao even met with the protagonist she was busy establishing the roots of her new branch company and networking. At the same time, Zheng Ting had initiated contact with her, smiling sweetly as she threw scheme after scheme at the protagonist in the dark.

One of those happened to be the classic, drug and scandal situation where Zheng Ting spiked Song Chuntao's drink at a networking event and hires people to bring her to a well-known promiscuous man's room in order to guarantee she would be violated. The reporters would arrive early in the morning to see the scene.

Honestly, Jia Hyson doesn't think it's Zheng Ting's best work since she doesn't hire or bribe people to rape the protagonist or anything like most villains tend to do, she just sort of assumes that some random guy will fuck her because he's a playboy which screams stupid. Alternatively she could have also done the cliche set up for Song Chuntao to be caught in an ambiguous state in the public bathrooms by reporters situation which also was both much simpler and easier to do in both practice and theory. It seems only when the male lead fully comes into play does Zheng Ting finally gain more than half a brain and really starts to become more ruthless and intelligent.

...He supposed that even though Song Chuntao is written as such a smart independent woman, she really couldn't have handled a rich Zheng Ting with full intelligence without the massive golden thigh of the male lead so early ah.

Anyway this part of the story was written in a rush, clearly because the Author God wanted to bring in the male lead faster, and so this event was brushed over vaguely with little description about what happened and how Song Chuntao got out of it other than, 'she luckily escaped just before the reporters, as if injected with chicken blood, kicked in the door.'

This meant the world had to fill in the details for the story to keep going, and because Jia Hyson entered the world, Prince Farrell technically became the most promiscuous and slag man in the building...

Jia Hyson: 'Oh, so this is somehow my fault then?'

Bebe: 'Host should know there are literal male prostitutes and boy toys in this hotel and yet the world still chose you as the most fitting for the role. So. Congratulations.'() : .(^^).:

Jia Hyson: '...' Bebe, love me again.

Jia Hyson sighs, before moving closer toward Song Chuntao and sliding his arms underneath her.

Bebe: 'Host!'()

"Oh shut up I'm lifting her up!" Jia Hyson snaps aloud, "Consent is important! I'm not that depraved!"

Still, carrying her to the bathroom Jia Hyson couldn't help but admire the protagonist's body a little. 'Surprisingly she's quite sexy for a protagonist,' he can't help but whistle in his head. Usually female protagonists nowadays were all 'normal' meaning, small chested and slim, and the characters like the male lead's evil fiancee were written to be full of curves and sex appeal. Of course that isn't always the case but it's definitely a popular trend. Both Maddy from the first world and the two female characters in the second world fit the sweet, slim appearance as well.

Song Chuntao however is definitely the mature, older women type. The hot office boss you want to be stepped on by. Her hair is glossy black and straight, her eyes are sharp like diamonds, cutting yet alluring at the same time, and her body is like a bombshell. As in, damn, she could make anyone explode with that body.

Entering the bathroom, Jia Hyson frowns. Typically in real life these sort of events are as a result of date rape drugs or ecstasy. Date rape drugs don't actually promote heightened sensory pleasure but make the victim dizzy, unable to defend themselves or just knock them out completely. Some of these drugs can even be used for sleeping disorders or anaesthesia.

Pharmaceutical aphrodisiac drugs, or sexual enhancers will generally increase blood flow and nerve impulses in the genitalia, making one more sensitive to pleasure or prolong erections but not necessarily increase sexual desire, especially not to an overwhelming amount like in the stories.

Therefore in these sort of matters Jia Hyson has to rely on his understanding on the type of world story they are in to determine the best way to deal with these drugs as they don't always adhere to common sense. In the first world Drake had only tasted a small amount of aphrodisiacs before turning into a complete and utter beast in rut, even a shower beforehand didn't dampen his enthusiasm nor his unrelenting dick.

...The first world's aphrodisiacs were really god-tier ah.

"Typically a cold shower or bath is supposed to sober them up right?" Jia Hyson mutters. Unfortunately he bought a room with a really nice shower but no bath. "Okay, um..."

"Wh-who are you?" A soft, scared but angry voice slurred out.

Jia Hyson freezes before looking down to see Song Chuntao's piercing blue eyes glaring up at him. "How much... do you remember?"

Her breathing was still ragged but her mental faculties seemed to be more or less in order if a bit slow. After a few seconds her face scrunches up in confusion, rage and anxiety, "You.. you drugged me? Wh-why?"

Jia Hyson: '...' So nothing. You remember nothing. Great.

Gently he drops her heated body onto the shower floor, she softly moans out at the cold sensation. "I didn't drug you, you were already on my bed when I came back," Jia Hyson immediately explains, but from the glazed look coming back in her eyes she may not have registered. Helplessly he sighs. "I am really sorry about this."

Then he turns on the shower at the coldest possible setting.

"SON OF A-!" Song Chuntao shrieks, and Jia Hyson winces. Yeah. That's a pretty standard reaction.

"My prince!" Sefu bursts into the bathroom. Jia Hyson silently applauds at the reaction speed of the man. It really was very amazing, much better than any other guard he had. Unfortunately right now this would have been a great time for Sefu to suddenly lose his hearing for a minute because...

"Sefu, I can explain," Jia Hyson says with a nervous expression as he stands in a shower with a naked lady. Even though he was fully clothed still, if a little wet, it was a very ambiguous scene. Song Chuntao was sitting up right in front of him, her face inadvertently quite close to his crotch.

Sefu's face turns black in an instant. "Where did this whore come from?" He demands. The last time he asked some of the other guards to check the room was at least twenty minutes before Farrell entered... and Farrell didn't have time to flirt with anyone this evening.. could it be someone was bribing his kitten with this ugly fish?

Jia Hyson: '...' Despite having such a gloomy personality, so different from the other personas, they really all share the same stupid vinegar drinking habit ah.

Jia Hyson bites his lip, eyes flickering in thought before smiling cheekily. "Ah, sorry Sefu, it seems one of the ministers sent me a little gift when I mentioned my love of chinese beauty. I was unfamiliar with the shower controls so I accidentally hit her with cold water."

If Sefu, this vinegar guzzling scheming coward realizes Song Chuntao came in to his room in such a state without his awareness, consent or willingness Jia Hyson was worried he may end up with a dead protagonist before the story truly starts rolling. The man has a strong restraint, or at the very least a secret fetish for being cuckolded, to let Jia Hyson parade his long line of lovers around in front of him for years but the moment an unwanted beauty tries to push themselves onto Jia Hyson too aggressively, well... they never end up with good ends.

Honestly before Jia Hyson had really questioned if Sefu liked him. After all, even Ms don't like to be cheated on like this so blatantly, but.. after accidentally catching sight of Sefu beating a drunk man who had tried to force something onto him, to the point of needing emergency medical care, Jia Hyson realized that in a super masochistic and self-tormenting way, Sefu was respecting his choices and not forcing his own feelings onto Jia Hyson's decisions.

After all, they weren't together- due to reasons entirely on Sefu's end and maybe a little on Jia Hyson's stubbornness too- and even though it hurt Sefu, he didn't do anything drastic to stop Jia Hyson from playing around. In some ways it could be considered cowardly but at the same time... this sort of pathetic yet considerate manner wasn't one Jia Hyson really understood but it was definitely one of the reasons why he had been eventually moved by the man.

Still, not the time to swoon at his bodyguard's murderous tendencies.

Sefu's frown deepens, partly of envy but partly of concern. After all, Prince Farrell was a legitimate prince of a country with the richest resources in the world. Honeypots and all sorts of dirty, greedy creatures are vying for the prince for that reason alone. Not to mention some of the people Farrell had legitimately dated for a short period had gone crazy and either started to stalk or try to kidnap him after breaking up.

If Sefu didn't like Prince Farrell he would have seriously considered resigning, rebellion or no rebellion plans. Taking care of this prince who actively seeks death with his crazy ex-lovers was really, really... really difficult.

Though it is a little satisfying to have the excuse to beat them up afterwards ah.

"We don't know the woman's origins, for all we know she could have... a disease." Sefu sneers.

Jia Hyson just scoffs. The only disease a protagonist can get is a cold for the love interests to take care of or terminal cancer for drama, there is no in between. "Darling, don't worry about that." He waves off with a sultry smirk. Sefu couldn't help his heart from beating a little faster at both the pet name and his kitten's sweet and spicy temperament. "If anyone wanted to bribe me with women, they would be more concerned about their medical conditions than I would."

"But-"

"Sefu, please leave." Jia Hyson glances concernedly at Song Chuntao who was starting to violently shiver, "If I need anything I'll shout okay?"

"...As you wish my prince." Sefu rasps, bowing and backing out obediently, his expression hard to see.

As the doors shut, Jia Hyson immediately kneels down to pick up the now cold body of the protagonist and quickly wraps the woman up in a bundle of towels. "You okay now?"

"...Y-y-y-you sprayed m-me with liquid ice." Song Chuntao scowls as she tries to huddle even further into her nest of towels.

"One, it's called cold water, don't be dramatic," Jia Hyson chuckles, "and two, do you really not know who drugged you?"

Song Chuntao frowns and shakes her head. By now she's at least aware it's not the handsome exotic man in front of her who was responsible or he would have done something ages ago. Still, she had only recently come back to C City, there shouldn't be anyone who wants to scheme against her other than... She grips the warm towels tighter against her body as if to try ward off the chill in her heart.

Jia Hyson glances at her knowingly but doesn't say anything. His main priority is to find a reason to have easy access to the male lead, not necessarily to be the protagonist's golden thigh. Even if he's a little curious at what's going on in her pretty little head he doesn't want to be too nosy given how little of a relationship they share. Standing up from the bed he begins to walk away.

"W-wait! Where are y-you going?!" Song Chuntao blurts out panickedly, before flushing. After all she had just gone through a rather scary experience as a woman, even if nothing actually happened, it's still rather traumatic to dwell upon so she felt particularly vulnerable.

Sensing this Jia Hyson gives her a soft, reassuring smile, "I'm going to get the hair dryer. For your hair. And also bathrobes. And I'm going to change into pyjamas since my clothes are also wet." He glances down at his soaked outfit a little mournfully, he had packed light for this trip, not expecting anything too big to happen. Just enough for sightseeing and a few social gatherings he had to go too. It seems he'll have to shop a bit tomorrow. "Anyway, feel free to turn up the heater and turn on the television."

"Oh," She says a bit dimly, "Okay."

When Jia Hyson comes back, hairdryer and bathrobes in hand he sees the woman hadn't done either of those things. Still sitting quietly in place like a timid quail in a soft nest. His lips curl up, amused. She looked quite cute like this ah. "Bathrobe first or hair dryer first?"

She hesitates before quietly taking the second option. Jia Hyson nods and calmly plugs in the hairdryer before grabbing a free hotel brush and crawling onto his large bed. He begins to gently blow-dry her hair with the ease of someone who had his own hair waterfall to deal with for his entire life.

Even if he can't do anything fancy, he was fairly proficient handling long hair by now. In fact, compared to his own messy wavy hair that gets tangled up every time the wind changes direction, Song Chuntao's soft and straight locks were truly something he envied. He tells her this seriously, earning a soft laugh from her.

Once he was satisfied with the result, he turned off the hairdryer and rolled off the bed to grab her bathrobe he threw carelessly onto a nearby sofa.

"Thank you," Song Chuntao quietly speaks out, pale face blushing a little. After all, it was quite an intimate action, something she didn't even do with her first love Zheng Jinhai back in the day. She glances at Jia Hyson, who's pyjamas consisted of loose cotton pants and nothing else and her flush increases for another reason.

After all, even if she was no virgin, she had been with only with one man, Zheng Jinhai and they had only consummated their relationship twice before the betrayal. Prince Farrell had a body that exuded sexuality, tall and tanned, eight-pack muscles, golden eyes, long legs and long flowing black hair... he was like a walking cover of an exotic male lead from many erotica novels.

Jia Hyson smiles at her, and Song Chuntao could feel herself getting hotter at that sly yet sexy face... actually... she could really feel herself getting hotter.

"No problem, here, your bathrobe. Don't worry, I won't-?" Song Chuntao's eyes were getting a little glazed and her breathing was starting to pick up. Jia Hyson rushes over to her and places a hand to her forehead, making her softly moan and push up against it, seemingly eager for more of his touch.

'A lot of sexual enhancement drugs show their true effects when the user is sexually aroused,' Bebe notes as it scans the protagonist's body, 'It makes sense Bebe supposes. Even if you sobered her temporarily with the cold water the drugs are still in her system. She probably reacted to host's slutty body and some of the effects probably came back thanks to the arousal stimulating a reaction in her body.'

Jia Hyson: '...Did you just dirty talk me?'

Bebe:  

He was also aware that some drugs were like this, but Jia Hyson figured that story book logic reigned a little more supreme here. Worried, Jia Hyson lightly slaps a little more awareness into the woman, "Hey, hey, you okay?"

"Nhm.. I feel.. not good... hot..." She mutters, looking up at him she pouts, "Help me? Please?"

Jia Hyson swallows heavily, after all, not even the most abstinent and cold male leads can go against the female protagonist much less a slag like himself. "Lady, you're really not in your right mind," He gently declines.

Surprisingly, she rolls her eyes, "I.. know.. nm... that." She pants, "Please, this... it's so uncomfortable..."

However even with that, Jia Hyson wasn't a hundred percent sure given the dubiousness of the consent.

"Are you sure?" Jia Hyson asks because come on, he's interested in her sure but this was playing jump rope with morality here. Obviously he's taken home drunk people and high people which could technically be slightly dubious on a similar level but still.

Song Chuntao's eyes flicker up and down, taking in the genuine concern on the handsome man's features and the top tier body he possesses. "Oh, I'm sure." She hoarsely replies.

She didn't know why she had never had sex with another man after Zheng Jinhai, that bastard. All her friends had teased her about it, her parents worried for her, and her rivals had mocked her for her abstinence. Even though she says she's focusing on her work, she really didn't know what possessed her to turn down man after amazing man because of a scum who ruined her life. Trust issues? Anxiety? But now she was a fully adult woman, faced with a kind, good-looking man and a burning need.

Song Chuntao: 'Okay. (  ) Let's fucking do this!'

"I won't violate you, okay?" Jia Hyson, unaware of the female protagonist's resolve to change the plot, speaks with incredible gentleness and softness, "In fact, if you really don't want me to keep going just blink three times, or pinch me, I'll immediately stop, but I promise you that I won't put anything inside, I just want to help you get it out of your system."

Song Chuntao frowns, unsure of what he was talking about but doesn't stop him nonetheless. The heat in her body was muddling her brain somewhat it's true but it wasn't enough for her to be completely muddleheaded. She can tell this handsome foreign man was offering her a way out and a promise not to risk her assumed virginity so she felt slightly moved if confused. "O..kay."

Satisfied, Jia Hyson smiles and leans in to kiss Song Chuntao, it's not full of unbridled ferocious lust but it was gentle and coaxing, calming her nerves down and assuring her she made the right choice. They keep kissing for a while until her heated body can no longer take it and she wriggles her body pointedly, even going so far as to push the towels covering her body away. Jia Hyson chuckles, raising his eyebrows surprised and amused, "Impatient, huh?"

She glared, "You, ah, you get drugged before you can, mn, ah, talk!" She pants out, Jia Hyson softly laughs again but doesn't tease her anymore. Gently he touches her body, his warm calloused hands lightly scratching her skin and making it go alight with desire as he moves down her body. He begins kissing her neck, then to her collarbone, lingering on her chest, biting and tickling around her stomach area before finally his mouth reaches down to-

Song Chuntao: '???'

Song Chuntao: '!!!'

"Ah, ah, ahhhhh," She grips the sheets, moaning uncontrollably as a skilful mouth and an even more skilled tongue brings her to a new height of pleasure that she never had experienced before. The night was still young though, and soon she had re-experienced such enjoyment multiple times before finally falling unconscious.

Jia Hyson realising that the last round was over finally lifted his head up and began to massage his aching jaw muscles. "It's been a while since I did that for so long," he groans. One should never run a marathon without practicing beforehand. Jia Hyson has been with quite a few women in this life now, but they usually have sex for a large portion of their night together and none of them had taken drugs that gave them the stamina of a stallion protagonist, damn.

Still, from the Song Chuntao's reaction, he's clearly retained his abilities ah. He felt a little proud. Now he can say that he had blown away both male and female leads with his amazing oral skills.

Bebe: '...' Bebe can't say anything because Host certainly did look like he did very well.

"But you know," Jia Hyson yawns, it's early in the morning now, almost daybreak. "I think I know what I'm going to do now."

"Oh?" Bebe speaks out, curious. They hadn't determined a proper plan and the protagonist has already appeared so it was quite concerned about this matter. However despite Jia Hyson being a huge manslut, he was reliable on the job so Bebe has faith he'll have an interesting idea.

"I'm going to be a supporting male lead!" Jia Hyson grins wolfishly. "How fun would that be?"

Bebe: '...' A story where the rival love interest that was sexier, friendlier, stronger, richer and more powerful than the male lead?

That sounds... well...

Actually quite amusing hehe.

Male Lead Zheng Jinhai: '...' Why do I suddenly feel so cold?




The next morning Song Chuntao woke up feeling absolutely amazing and refreshed. Her waist felt like jelly and her head ached a little but overall she was in a pretty good mood. As she slowly sits up and stretches her arms, she freezes.

This.. where was she?

Where was her clothes?!

There's the soft but still audible sound of breathing next to her and panic begins to set in. Taking a few deep calming breaths she turns to take a peek and sees a handsome well defined, dark back and a long pool of dark hair. Suddenly she remembers everything that night. The social party with Zheng Ting, the complimentary drink, being almost attacked and dragged away by some men who threw her onto a bed and left her there. Then this man appeared before her. She remembers him pouring cold water on her, warming her up, drying her hair and then finally, finally..

She blushes furiously, but subconsciously Song Chuntao couldn't help but wriggle her hips at the memory. It did feel really.. really good ah.

Song Chuntao feels her face warms up and she can't help but giggle like a little girl. All her life since she left Zheng Jinhai, she had been focusing furiously on getting revenge on the bastard and his family for ruining her own. Every plan and action had been meticulously planned and slaved over. Who knew... she could do something so wild?!

"What's so funny?" A hoarse sexy voice asks.

She stifles a shriek of surprise and looks over to see the gorgeous stranger had turned over and was smiling lazily at her with amusement. He reminded her of a sleek, but powerful leopard, golden eyes and all. "N-nothing." She stammers, feeling a little awkward and shy. "Thank you for.." She blushes again feeling out of sorts.

Jia Hyson, seeing such a cute appearance from the mature female lead chuckles, sitting up he presses a soft kiss onto her forehead. "No, need for thanks miss. Are you okay though? Nothing feels off or anything?" He asks in concern.

Song Chuntao feels moved by the worry and her smile deepens, "No, I feel fine, better than fine really."

Jia Hyson leers playfully, "I was that good ah?"

Song Chuntao blushes again. "Shameless!" She scolds coquettishly making Jia Hyson laugh again.

"We only had one night together and you already know me so well." He sticks his tongue out both playfully and flirtatiously, making Song Chuntao unable to help but once again recall last night's pleasures. Seeing that she may just explode in embarrassment Jia Hyson generously gives her a way out, "Anyway," He scratches his neck awkwardly, "You uh, didn't come here with clothing so take your time in the shower and I'll order some clothes for you. What's your size?"

Song Chuntao blinks, startled by how considerate the stranger is. Even she hadn't thought about her clothing situation yet. She felt her good impression of the man improve once more. "Um, just a simple shirt and skirt will be fine. There's really no need to-"

"I like beauty and I have money," Jia Hyson brushes off her excuses, "Don't worry too much about it. It would probably be bad for you if you were caught wearing shabby loose clothing when walking out of here after all."

"That's true.." She nods reluctantly. Still, she felt bad that this man did so much for her and yet.. "I don't even know your name."

Jia Hyson grins, looking devilishly handsome enough to make anyone's heart skip a beat, "My name is Farrell Abioye," Then after a second he furrows his brows before amending, "Ah, right, chinese have first names last, so my name would be Abioye Farrell. Pleasure to meet you miss-?"

Song Chuntao stares at him. She wasn't super familiar with Samotrelis but she at least recognised the name of the most famous young prince of Luxury Island. "You're Prince Farrell?!"

"I know, it's such a shock," Jia Hyson nods solemnly, "I'm way sexier then in the photos."

Bebe: '..Wow, host. Way to be a fucking narcissist.'

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe, it's called establishing character you fucking (@#&$ $&;:"-$ ?@( piece of %!\+=- go %>\- yourself you $??/&;@"!%^\->?!.'

Bebe: '...' Bebe knew that you were secretly angry because Song Chuntao woke you up so early but why take it out on Bebe? QAQ

Then again, most people would be upset to have only two to three hours of sleep. If it's only one day it's not a huge deal but Jia Hyson still wasn't happy about it.

After listening to a nervous Song Chuntao introduce herself, and sending off a dazed and shocked protagonist to the shower, Jia Hyson quickly calls room service and requests to buy the most fashionable and trendy female outfit they can find. Luckily this was a super fancy hotel that was connected to an equally fancy shopping mall so they assured him that it really shouldn't take long for them to bring something up. Thanking them, Jia Hyson immediately reaches for the room service menu and begins to look over the food available.

Once again he applauds his decision on specifically asking to be rich in this life. The only things he can't buy in this world are just things he hasn't thought of yet hehe. Not to mention his status is great, when asked the information desk assured him that despite being morning time, he could order literally anything on the menu, even things not on the menu and they'll happily oblige.

Being rich again is so fucking nice. (o)

So when Song Chuntao came out in the fluffiest bathrobe she had ever worn in her life, she saw the prince laying on the bed writing on the complimentary notepad with a seriousness that made it look like he was rewriting America's Declaration of Independence.

Curiously she crawls onto the bed. "What are you doing?"

"Writing down what I want to order from room service." Jia Hyson answers, "take a look at what you want for the menu. We can share of course but I'm pretty hungry, fair warning."

"A stack of chocolate and strawberry pancakes, maple syrup on the side. Two serves of beer battered fish and chips, extra fish. Fried oysters, calamari and a fruit platter, extra lychee, no dragonfruit?" She reads out incredulously. There was a lot of things to point out but... "Fish and chips for breakfast, really?"

"Lady, if you can't have fish and chips for breakfast... then what's the point of even being rich?" Jia Hyson smiles widely, his face bright and playful.

Song Chuntao: '...' Are those things related?

Still his cheeky mischievousness was very cute, and she was craving something greasy and non-breakfasty as well. Finding herself also smiling, albeit a bit helplessly she takes the menu. "Well.. then I'll have a pepperoni pizza. Extra cheese."

Jia Hyson licks his lips, "Maybe I'll also order that too."

Song Chuntao: '...' Is there a black hole in your stomach?

Jia Hyson sees her disbelief and can't do anything but shrug, even if he was originally chinese, he's grown up in Samotrelis with a Samotrelian body in this life. That meant he was used to big portions and a certain amount of carbohydrates and other macronutrients provided by the luxury produce they grow. He really needed to eat a lot whenever he leaves his homes country. He could probably eat half of an eight course Chinese New Year banquet by himself to be honest. Chefs both loved and loathed him.

"En, but I want it extra large with pineapple. And mushrooms. Mn and pepperoni. Ah, maybe just make it a supreme. With garlic bread." (   )

Song Chuntao laughs at the gluttonous expression he must have had on. Unwilling to fall too behind she also orders a coffee milkshake and a chocolate lava cake. She's already binging with a stranger, might as well go out ah.

Jia Hyson looks at her small list and gives her a faintly contemptuous expression, "Is that all? You're very beautiful Miss Song, there's no need to hold yourself back."

Song Chuntao: '...' Both flattered and annoyed, what to do. 

"It's truly all I think I can eat," Song Chuntao helplessly says.

Jia Hyson gives her a knowingly look, pretending to be stupid and acts graciously by putting a 'x4' next to the lava cake. Then after some thought adds waffles with coffee ice cream and a scoop of strawberry and vanilla ice scream at the side, licking his lips as he does so.

Song Chuntao: '...' Please stop.

When the concierge comes up with the outfits at hand, Jia Hyson thanks him, giving a five hundred yuan tip making the lucky service worker gape in awe. After all, tipping wasn't expected in China and even then it was maybe ten or twenty yuan. Prince Farrell frequented this hotel chain a lot so he had heard that the royal was generous in tips but being on the receiving end of it was still hard to believe.

So when Jia Hyson hands him a piece of paper, asking for the kitchen to make what's on the list, the concierge nodded eagerly like a chick pecking on rice, his eyes looking lovingly at the prince like he was less of a prince and more of a god of wealth. Then when he skips down to the elevator and glances at the list in hand, he gapes in awe for a different reason.

As expected of his wealth god! Even eating is god-tier!

Jia Hyson passes the clothing to Song Chuntao. "I asked the concierge to buy something for you. It was a bit rushed but hopefully it fits."

Song Chuntao looks at the various bags with high end brand names printed on them. Chanel, Gucci, Kate Spade... Even China's top jewellery brand Lao Feng Xiang was there! And some of those bags had certificates and limited edition stamps!

She could easily imagine that the whole outfit could probably cost more than her small company.

Sensing her distress Jia Hyson gives her a worried look, "Are you okay?"

"This is really too much Prince Farrell." She bites her lower nervously, "You've done so much for me and now these clothes... there's no way I could pay them back."

Jia Hyson silently rolls his eyes. This was the typical heroine reaction too overspending. It's a perfectly normal reaction to being given super pricey items but the male lead acts like he's never seen someone that wasn't a gold digger in his entire life and becomes charmed by the behaviour of not being immediately swayed by money.

He had to admit though, Song Chuntao did somehow make it look very charming. This must be the protagonist halo at play. "Miss Song," He shakes his head with a wry smile, "I don't expect for you to pay it back, and believe me money is really not a problem for me. Besides, if you don't wear it who would? Me?"

Song Chuntao glances at him, his toned body filled with compact muscles and curves, and mutters, "...Maybe."

Jia Hyson: '...How mean.   I like it.'

"Then, take the outfit as a payment Miss Song," Jia Hyson tries, "I'm planning to stick around C City for a while and I could do with a tour guide. How about it?"

Song Chuntao reluctantly nods. She knows it's clearly an excuse and she's grateful for it but the part of her that had suffered from financial difficulties in the past still felt a little uncomfortable. However when she puts on the outfit, she can't help but gasp in admiration.

Who didn't like good-looking things? The clothes fit her well, and didn't clash despite being from different brands. A pastel green colored designer shirt, a white blazer with golden stitching and design, mid-knee light grey skirt... these were attractive but not flashy, enough to turn heads but still fits in the boardroom. Not to mention the jewelry! Chanel pearls and gold chained necklace, rings from Tiffany, earring from Cartier, and even a diamond studded Rolex watch..

When she comes out Jia Hyson can't help but whistle at the sight. "Miss Song you look lovely."

"Thank you," Song Chuntao grins, feeling a little giddy at luxury adorned on her body. Even when she was younger and still one of the big families of the city she still probably could not afford to spend such an amount on an outfit so easily. However she gives the prince a solemn look, "I'll pay you back with the best tour of C City," She promises seriously like she was about to cut her wrist and do a blood oath. Even if she hadn't been back for a while she still had some knowledge of the old-standing shops and stalls, as well as some friends who can recommend her places as well.

Jia Hyson nods with a bemused curl of his mouth, "I can't wait. Don't bother stressing on being too fancy, as long as it's fun, yummy or interesting I'll be pretty happy."

"Any suggestions?" She asks, pulling out her phone and looking at him enthusiastically.

His smile grows wider as he thinks about it. After all, now that he's found the protagonist he might as well stick around for a while. His official job is essentially partying, promoting and playing around so his job hours were generally flexible and in the evening. Besides, C City is the place where most of the plot happens, with Song Chuntao around all the bigwigs will eventually drop by anyway so there really wasn't any need for stress.

Happily he begins to think of some tourist-y things he wants to do that won't make it too difficult for Song Chuntao. "Un, I want to go see pandas, I want to eat a hundred dumplings, and see chinese kung fu!"

Song Chuntao: '...' Are you a child?

Even though it was definitely childish and simple, Song Chuntao couldn't help but think the man was surprisingly adorable for such a sexy alpha male appearance. "Well what you want is what you'll get then your highness," She chuckles.

"Please, call me Farrell." Jia Hyson takes her hand and, like a gentleman, kisses her hand. "I don't want to be too forward but I'm a little interested in you Miss Song. May I ask to be friends with the possibility of something more?"

Song Chuntao blushes but this time she wasn't too flustered, already quite fond of this straightforward prince as well. "My friends can call me Chuntao."

"Ah," Jia Hyson modded sagely, "Then because I have ambiguous intentions toward you, I shall call you Chu Chu."

Song Chuntao: '...' I really don't understand how his mind works.

"No way!" She immediately denies. She was a grown woman! A rising star in the business world! A stern ice queen boss that can intimidate the most unruly subordinate with her icy glare! She will not be given such a cutesy name like Chu Chu!

"I think it's quite good," Jia Hyson laughs, "Chu Chu, I'll be in your care okay?"

Looking at the handsome smile, Song Chuntao suddenly feels like she may have picked up something that may have completely changed the course of her life. But. Not necessarily for the worst.

"...Okay. And I'll be in yours."




When the food arrives Jia Hyson and Song Chuntao were discussing the possibility of what happened last night. While Jia Hyson knew exactly what happened, logically he shouldn't have such information and was just putting on the facade of both concerned and interested.

"I feel like Detective Conan!" Jia Hyson laughs.

Song Chuntao, already sucked in by Jia Hyson's casual charismatic attitude had already lowered her guard toward him and lightly hit his shoulder, "Aiyah, this is my life here we're talking about, what Detective Conan?!" She grouches.

"Well, other than your bad history with the Zheng family, and maybe a few business rivals having motive, we don't have much evidence or clues ah." Jia Hyson sighs, "Isn't it quite like a mystery story?"

"Usually those stories involve death." Song Chuntao points out.

Jia Hyson shrugs, "Hey, you don't know, maybe you're beauty distracted a rich lady's boyfriend causing him to die from a traffic accident and she blames you?"

Song Chuntao was speechless, a state she constantly seems to find herself in with this man.

Prince Farrell, unlike most other second generation rich men, was both friendly, charismatic, if a bit imaginative, and did not look down on her for either being a woman, being a relatively poor newcomer in the business world, or for being from a fallen big family. However she was not stupid, and was aware that Prince Farrell's biggest flaw was his short attention span, especially for people. After all, his playboy status and line of lovers and broken hearts was something globally acknowledged at this point.

She remembers reading online that he once accidentally slept with the Brazilian President's daughter after they both snuck out of a big social dinner early, disguised themselves then both coincidentally bumped into each other at a nearby bar. Only the morning after did they realize each other's identities. Meanwhile, the president thought his daughter was kidnapped, the prince's bodyguards also were panicking, and when Prince Farrell and the president's daughter left the room they found themselves in, they were surrounded by all kinds of weaponry.

When compared to her own life, which she had always thought would be dramatic enough to write a novel about, Song Chuntao had to admit she would rather read a book on the prince's colorful escapades instead.

Either way, while she was extremely flattered by Prince Farrell's confession, she felt that it would be best to treat it as a short term thing. In this situation, the best and most reliable investment Song Chuntao can make with the prince is one of friendship rather than romance. One that can have benefits on the side but the friendship was the main thing.

And if she finds later on that the prince was genuine and her heart has been completely moved by his charms? Well, she'll renegotiate the terms and conditions when it happens ah.

Right now, despite everything, Prince Farrell was interested in her and intrigued by the mystery of how she ended up being plotted like this, so she felt that he was quite trustworthy to discuss these matters with... However other than promising to get the video footage, they really couldn't figure out anything else and just ended up chatting and making up random possibilities to what happened until room service came.

The food that arrived had to come in four carts, filling up both the top and bottom shelf. The waiters that came in stared at them like they were monsters to eat this much once they realised all this food was only for two people. Jia Hyson was used to it by now by Song Chuntao felt a little embarrassed. Especially when they had to start piling food onto the desk when the table in the room was filled up. They even had to leave the last cart behind.

"You can eat this much?!" Song Chuntao exclaims, glancing enviously at Jia Hyson toned and muscular body fitted with long, nicely shaped legs and an eight pack. Even if her figure was very good, especially for an asian woman, she still couldn't help but feel jealous! This was truly the difference between heaven and earth!

Even Jia Hyson was a little shocked at the portions. He had a good relationship with the hotel chain, Seasonal Paradise which he almost always frequented while travelling to the point he had even shot one or two endorsements with them, so the higher ups knew his preferences as a VIP. Each time they would always make sure to give him large sizes of food, but this really quite a lot.

What he didn't know is that Sefu, who had been dismissed was quite busy himself that night. He ordered the other bodyguards around the hotel to find out how some woman managed to sneak into the prince's room without them knowing as well as investigate the people behind them. This is partly due to legitimate security reasons and partly venting. Either way, the hotel manager had also been called up in this matter which alerted the big bosses who treated Prince Farrell, this gold master, like their own baby son. Hence, in order to appease the prince, the breakfast was served extra large with a double serving of apology.

However, at this time Jia Hyson was unaware of it and was just pleasantly surprised. "Probably not, wait, I'll call Sefu to help."

"Sefu?" Song Chuntao asks curiously.

"Ah, he's the head bodyguard I told you about. Sefu is also my personal attendant, has been since I was a kid."

"Oh," She nods understandingly, after all they had talked for a while and it was hard not for the prince to bring up his head bodyguard or mention his personal attendant. She had sort of assumed they were two different people but was also aware from the fondness of Farrell's voice that they were very important to him. The fact they were in fact both a single person just emphasised to her that the pair must be very close.

Even if she was a little discomfited by a stranger coming to essentially join them for breakfast when she and Farrell were friendly acquaintances at best, Song Chuntao did have a good impression toward Prince Farrell and trusted him. Besides, from the short and humorous anecdotes that the prince had amused her with, she can gather that this Sefu was a righteous, stern character which settled the majority of her unease. "Sure, I'm interested to meet this man you talk about so much."

"I did not," Jia Hyson denies embarrassedly as he pulls out his phone to text Sefu who was under the name 'Darling'.

For hostage situations Jia Hyson had changed every important contacts' names to nicknames in order to confuse the kidnapper and delay things, as well as allow him the opportunity to call the special emergency hotline under 'Pappy' with minimal suspicion. After all, who was Prince Farrell? A notable playboy with lovers all over the world. Having so many sex friends and such in his phone wouldn't be abnormal.

Whether there was meaning to addressing Sefu's number as 'Darling'... well, who could say?

Though when Sefu first saw the nickname, he had been in a very good mood. No matter what Jia Hyson did in the subsequent week, the man never scolded him and occasionally smiled inexplicably every time Jia Hyson played with his phone.

Jia Hyson at the time: '...' Kind of creeped out.

People say the first one to fall is always the loser. Jia Hyson isn't sure who fell for the other first but he can confidently say that he was definitely not the loser out of the two of them ah. (^^):

As expected of Sefu, it barely taken a moment for the message to send when the door was knocked on. It was almost as if Sefu was waiting in front of the door all along, phone in hand, just for this moment. Jia Hyson can't help but chuckle aloud at his own imagination. Sefu really was too cute sometimes.

"He's very gruff and stern but he's very kind. Sefu has some scarring which is quite scary to people unused to it but his face is quite handsome ah," Jia Hyson tells Song Chuntao assuringly knowing full well that Sefu won't like Song Chuntao much given his relationship with her. "Even if he's a bit cold to you don't be put off."

A bit embarrassed to be reassured so much, even if it was heartwarming, Song Chuntao shakes her head, "No, no, I'm sure he's a lovely man. Now hurry up, I'm starving ah."

However her appetite diminished greatly after seeing Sefu for the first time.

Song Chuntao: '...' () Aiyah, was I suddenly kidnapped by the new Bond villain?

What 'gruff and stern but kind'? There is not a trace of softness nor kindness in that appearance! What 'some scary scars but handsome'? He's just plain scary! What 'even if he's a bit cold to you'? Do you not see the killing intent coming off the man?!

Song Chuntao had never seen another Samotrelian in person other than Farrell. Farrell's bodyguards consisted of two other Samotrelians other than Sefu as well as hired guards from the best places money can offer that could better blend in and hide nearby. The Samotrelian guards stay closer to the prince of course but who asked the prince to be so handsome and sexy? They were almost never captured on camera, and if they were, they were just a blurry part of the background.

There was some who did snap some photos of Sefu who was as striking as he was evilly handsome in appearance but... Jia Hyson can be quite possessive as well ah. He doesn't want the internet to comment, salivate and troll Sefu's appearance. After all, the netizens can be quite cruel, and Sefu's pretty sensitive all things considered. Quickly the reporters and he came to an understanding after the third camera was broken.

Jia Hyson: 'Hmph! The only one who can bully my baby is me!' <(^)>

Sefu: touched but feels like there's something wrong with this

Bebe: '...' Sefu may be the least successful persona so far.   And that includes Tian Shun and Li Guiren who killed themselves before reaching second base.

Anyway, the point is, most people would be intimidated by a Samotrelian that wasn't Prince Farrell which is why Samotrelis sent out Farrell to do most of the publicity work. Now many, including Song Chuntao, actually had the impression that Prince Farrell, this hot, sexy exotic male god, was the standard of their race, not the exception. And seeing Sefu, this dark-skinned scarred giant who was a head and a half taller than the already tall Farrell, and held an appearance that could intimidate normal Samotrelians...

Song Chuntao: 'Fuck! This Laozi just peed a bit!'

Silently she curses Farrell for not preparing her properly. Sefu wasn't hideous per say but he was indeed very scary! Even just his casual look of disdain toward her could probably kill a timid bunny.

"Sefu!" Jia Hyson beams, grinning like a child. Habitually, he slips his hand into his and leads him toward Song Chuntao.

Song Chuntao is a very detail oriented woman and did not miss this action at all. Her expression was a little strange but she quickly smiles politely. After all Samotrelis culture was something she wasn't knowledgeable about, she shouldn't presume.

"This is Chu Chu!"

She flushes and glares at Farrell for the nickname however she quickly stops, shivering like a quail under the prince's personal attendant's own unhappy look. Suddenly she felt quite stifled but she pushes the feeling down and continues to keep her professional smile on. "My name is Song Chuntao, it is nice to meet you Sefu."

"My full name is Sefu Karamoy." Came the curt reply full of ice and thorns. It was clear the man had no intention of acting familiar with her.

"Mr Karamoy then," Song Chuntao keeps smiling but inside she was really dying ah! If Prince Farrell was warm and kind like the time between spring and summer, his bodyguard was the complete opposite.

Sensing Sefu's dislike Jia Hyson wants to laugh. Maybe this will be the push the cowardly vinegar pot needs to finally confess?

"Now, now, don't be like that Sefu. I hope you'll warm up to Chu Chu, after all, I plan on courting her with intention to marry." Of course whether he can actually do so with the male protagonist and his jealous rebel cuck in the way.. hehe.

That gets Sefu's attention. After all, Jia Hyson is the most honest to Sefu. He recognizes his status and willingly reports whether he intends to date anyone or not which will warrant an in-depth investigation on the bodyguard team's part. Sefu as both the head bodyguard, personal attendant and friend of Farrell, was of course the person he would report to. However... Farrell was cruel and fickle, at most he would report something scummy like, 'Ah, I like so and so, I'll probably keep him around for a month or two maximum,' or, 'I intend to date this person, but only until I leave the country. Maybe even earlier,' or, 'Eh, a week at best, he's pretty but annoying ah.'

Farrell had never not give him a general estimate of when he would break up with a person.

And intention to marriage?

Sefu's face was expressionless but there was the sour taste of vinegar in his mouth.

He stares coldly at Song Chuntao, eyes assessing her figure and face before sneering. So this is the woman who captured his fickle little kitten? Flat ass, vulgar breasts, the eyebrows were too thick, her skin just as dull and drab as her face... He doesn't know how this vixen managed to entice Prince Farrell into bed.

Song Chuntao: '...Why do I suddenly feel so fucking angry?'

Bebe: '...' Host has a knack for turning his wannabe lovers into cannonfodder characters ah.

Breakfast was a lovely affair for Jia Hyson. As expected of his favorite five star hotel, the food really was lovely! And since they had negotiated business with Samotrelis, a privilege they could only gain due to Prince Farrell's recommendation, they also had some supply of quality Samotrelis ingredients which they used in these dishes making it even tastier. Jia Hyson greedily ate, feeling quite happy and pleased with himself.

The meal was less of a delight for the other two in the room.

Song Chuntao: 'Why do I feel like my life is in danger?' (|||)

Sefu: '(   ) If I arrange for this woman to get killed in an accident would Farrell get suspicious?'

Jia Hyson: 'Ice cream and chips is so good.'  

Bebe: '  Bebe wants to go home.'




After breakfast, Sefu quickly gives a run down on what they had found out about last night.

"The men that dragged Miss Song are these people." Sefu places a few photographs onto the cleared table. Some were from the surveillance camera footage, some were prison identification photos and one was of two of the men bruised and battered. "I asked for Stamos to find and interrogate them last night. It didn't take that long to find them and," He snorts, "it took even less to break them down."

Jia Hyson laughs, Song Chuntao just stares wide-eyed at the beaten up men with mixed feelings. On one hand she hates those bastards who stripped her and dragged her off with the intention for her to get rped. But on the other hand... like wow did that look painful. One of the unfortunate ruffians looked like their cheekbones had broken and there was an unnervingly unnatural cave in on the side of his face.

"So, who's behind it ah?" Jia Hyson asks interestedly. They hired the best guards to accompany them, so of course their abilities were not limited to guarding alone.

Sefu glances at Song Chuntao making her shiver almost instinctively. "We could only conduct a preliminary investigation given the time, but we believe there's some connection with the Zheng family."

Song Chuntao stiffens, hands clenching by her side as her expression grows tense. Jia Hyson pretends not to notice, leaning in toward Sefu interestedly. "The Zheng family? They're quite a big deal in this country right?"

Currently the Zheng family is one of the top four families, with the third most influential company that specialises in technology. It also has other products related to home wear gadgets and other Internet game things. Jia Hyson doesn't really know. It was sort of brushed over in the story and his spicy chicken memory still isn't great so usually he researches beforehand all the important basic things he needs to know about the company and people he's meeting then proceeds to immediately forget eighty-seven percent of it the day after.

If he recalls the other three families specialize in either medical shit, technology again and mining, with the technology and mining-based families rivals to the Zheng's and the medical one allies. The Songs, when they were still big, ran an artsy company that sold quality canvas, paints, fabrics and other such things that many fashion designers and artists relied on. However when they fell, many vultures have picked on their carcasses so their fabric designers and such had been bought over to other companies.

"Miss Song over there is also the head of the rising Noble Song company." Sefu adds.

Jia Hyson frowns, pretending to be unaware of the personal relationship between the Songs and the Zhengs. "Even so, that doesn't make sense to attack her in such a manner."

Song Chuntao, in order to fulfill her aim to completely crush the Zhengs, started up a company related to technology- games and online entertainment. This company was simply yet ambitiously named Noble Song in the hopes she can overthrow the Zheng's company Zhengzhi (Meaning: Upright). She had already developed a rather popular social app for new artists to show off their work on an easier platform for communication and criticism called DesignUrs and her programmers had also made a few more apps and games of varying success. Because of this she could grow her company and start to invest in other branches of both technology and art.

Jia Hyson only remembers this because he himself actually is a user of DesignUrs and also a fan of another one of her most popular apps WritersSynonymous which is essentially like DesignUrs but for writers, and translators. As expected of something made by the protagonist, it was practically his ideal writing and reading app, with a good search bar, specific tagging, and a wide range of stories among other things. The payment system was a bit of a pain but given the company is relatively small with no backing Jia Hyson could deal. He's rich anyway.

Overall he's more famous on WritersSynonymous because of his great writing and his shitty habit of hiatus-ing but he also likes to look and buy interesting things from newbie designers. Gotta support his fellow artists after all ah.

However even though these apps are still going strong, generating a crazy amount of income for a start up company, it's still nothing compared to the big families. It makes sense to act surprised that Song Chuntao would be targeted by one of them, even knowing she herself was quite rich now.

When Song Chuntao explains her past with the Zhengs obviously Jia Hyson shows sympathy toward her.

Honestly even knowing the personal relationship between her and the Zhengs a normal person would still feel surprised.

After all, her family is clearly weaker and had fallen years ago, plus all this time the Songs had been struggling and minding their own business. Objectively and subjectively there was no need to attack Song Chuntao.

"So it turns out like this. To think the Zhengs turned out to be such vicious people who would kick people when they're down. And in such a despicable manner too." Jia Hyson sighs as he casually throws more and more stinky pots for the male lead to carry. After all, for these sort of dramatic romance CEO bullshit stories, misunderstandings are their lifeblood.

Slow burn romance can be a bit more frustrating to read but at least the relationship will not feel too rushed given the grievances they share. Plus...

Jia Hyson: 'I like when the male lead grovels hehe.'()

Bebe: '  This sadist.'

Song Chuntao nods vigorously. "I know right!?" She says excited. After all, a good friendship is one where they can bitch about people together and Song Chuntao has always felt stifled because she could never tell anyone her enmity toward Zhengs other than her parents. After all the Zhengs were too powerful, and they had a good reputation. If she tried to talk smack she would be scolded, making her angrier in her heart. To have someone agree with and support her made her feel incredibly happy.

Sefu, unwilling to let the harmonious atmosphere stay harmonious interrupts them. "We shouldn't be too quick to judge. The Zhengs have not shown any sign of this sort of unlawful behavior."

Jia Hyson smiles and waves the argument off, "We don't have the abilities to determine that we complete confidence Sefu. Not to mention they're influential in this country, we probably won't find much if any old evidence of their wrongdoings now unless they themselves were stupid or paranoid enough to hid it somewhere we could hack into. I don't know the Zhengs personally and I believe that Chu Chu is telling the truth. Even if there's lacking evidence I choose to believe Chu Chu."

Song Chuntao looks touched. "Thank you Farrell."

Sefu side-eyes her then snorts but doesn't say anything more. Jia Hyson chats with Somg Chuntao happily for a while longer before offering her a ride back to her house to which she, only after a second of hesitation, accepts.

In order to avoid any potential paparazzi, he offers her his sunglasses. That plus her new outfit made her look more like a rich celebrity strutting out of the hotel than a young businesswoman doing the walk of shame. Even though she got some envious looks, especially when she was walking side by side with a handsome exotic foreigner who looked just as wealthy, and a few snapshots, no one recognized her identity averting the crisis.

Not to mention, there was the infamous 'evil spirit' following behind the pair. Everyone knew about Prince Farrell but to the reporters, it was his favorite bodyguard, the villainous scar faced man that really made them shudder. Their seniors had told them that if you take a photo of this evil spirit bodyguard your cameras will break! How scary was that?! Do you know how expensive cameras were?! They say even the data on the computer, only the photos with the evil spirit's face will be strangely blacked out of glitchy. It was too terrifying!

Evil spirit Sefu: '...' Hurt.

Bebe: 'Hehe.'  

Exchanging contact information and talking about possible places to meet up next week, Jia Hyson sends Song Chuntao back home. She is a busy woman after all so they can only arrange to meet a day or two a week. And this was pushing it for her. It really makes one wonder how could she have possibly pretended to be Zheng Jinhai's secretary, a very busy job in itself, on top of running her own company? Who can really say but Song Chuntao. It must be the power of vengeance and sexual tension.

After waving goodbye and kissing her on the cheek, Jia Hyson gets into his car's front seat and lays back with a sigh. He didn't have much else to do today so he wanted to go back to the hotel room, snack, play with his phone, watch tv and catch up on his beauty sleep.

However first he must tease his vinegar pot.

"Isn't she quite lovely and fierce?" Jia Hyson comments, breaking the silence in the car. Sefu, who was driving, silently frowns and clenches the wheel tightly.

"Not particularly." Sefu rasps. The woman was pale and full of soft squishy curves like a jellyfish.

And as for fierceness... hah, as a Samotrelian they fight the wild animals using primitive weapons and their bare hands. How can it compare to some woman bitching about her enemies without having done anything substantial to them other than falling into their trap?

"Aiyah, Sefu, you have no vision. Chu Chu is beautiful and soft, but that gaze in her eyes when she talks about the Zhengs... it is very much a gaze befitting a warrior. It's quite rare to see such a deep resolve for vengeance yet she's still pure and unwilling to break the law to fight them. Even though her path is so much more difficult and full of pits she still remains so valiant and strong."

Personally, Jia Hyson really doesn't care much about that sort of thing. However it is true that such an ability to remain so clean despite being so heavily pitted is impressive to him, after all he knows this is the sort of resolve he definitely is lacking in among other things. If he had such determination and resolve he definitely wouldn't have wavered on the morally right path ah. Even though he doesn't put much stock into his deficiency, people can't help but admire and envy the things they lack so he was partly genuine in his praise.

Sefu of course takes the praise as something far less platonic in meaning. "You've only known that woman for less than a day." He grits out, "My prince, it is unlike you to be so easily bewitched. Let this lowly servant investigate her identity further to make sure she is not dirty." And if she isn't.. he can always find some dirt to smear her anyway.

Jia Hyson leans against the window, watching the passing streets getting busier as the sun rises, a smile on his lips. When Sefu glances at him, his heart shakes a little at such a sight. Silently he can't help but think his prince is a thousand times more lovely than that bitch. As for fierceness...

"Don't be so cynical Sefu, I believe I have a great sense of character. After all, I trust you don't I?"

Sefu: '...' Oof, his kitten has fiercely attacked his conscious.

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe.'

"..What do you want to do when we reach the hotel?" Sefu promptly changes the subject guiltily. Even if he was aware now the organization he had joined when he was a child was not, as he had once thought, a group of oppressed individuals banding together to overthrow the evil royals, it wasn't like he could leave. It wasn't like a gym membership where the only thing stopping you from cancelling is guilt. There were severe consequences.

It was alright if they let him off with death, but.. Sefu couldn't leave his prince. Especially knowing that his death would solve nothing.

And also, Sefu steals another glance at his prince with dark eyes, there was a large part of him that hopes for the day that the royals would be captured. Not for any radical rebellious belief ingrained into him since young, but for a disgustingly lecherous and depraved selfishness that was entirely of his own.

"Hm," Jia Hyson hums, vaguely aware of the direction of his bodyguard's thoughts yet at the same time completely unaware of the details, "I just want to stay in and be idle. It's been a while since we can do so. My room will probably need to be cleaned so I'll hang out in your room."

So lazy, so presumptuous, so wilful and yet this casual order and violation of his own space made Sefu warm and ticklish inside. It's these sort of days where they would stay together quietly, reading and doing their own things together, such simple domestic things, that Sefu desires to monopolise the most.

Even if such intimacy is a habit from childhood on Farrell's part, where he can so easily lie on the same bed as Sefu, even laying on Sefu's body bonelessly as he reads comics on his phone, it's enough for him to delude himself to think it something more.

With a faint smile he picks up a little more speed, eager to get back to the hotel. "That sounds good. Shall I arrange for the concierge to bring snacks?"

"We just ate!" Jia Hyson laughs, but then after some thought changes his mind, "I want to try the, ah, local chips and snacks and such." He grins, a fun idea in his mind, "Give five random staff 200 yuan and tell them to get an assortment of local snacks and drinks for two ah. Tell them the winner will get ten times, no, a hundred times whatever they paid for. They have to bring the receipt as proof too ah."

Generally snacks can cost about 1-2 yuan, a bit more depending on quality and such so 200 yuan is actually quite a bit just for cheap snacks. However that prize money... the average monthly wage is around 7,200 yuan ($1,047). If the winner really spent all 200 yuan, they would instantly win 20,000 yuan! Just for buying some snacks! Given the people are working in a top class hotel, their wages are not bad but it's still not enough to stop themselves from salivating at the opportunity.

This was another thing Jia Hyson likes to do that had made him so popular in his original and current life. In a way he was playing with people callously with money for fun but no one was getting hurt, the impromptu competitions were quite fun and the money he was throwing around was both a lot yet not enough to be criticized to harshly for.

Jia Hyson: 'I have money, and I like to flaunt it. Is that so wrong?'  

Not only was Prince Farrell known as a sexy and funny prince, he was also known by netizens as a small god of wealth. Who knows which person shall be blessed next? This sort of odd form of charity was very exciting to talk about okay?

Sefu, used to these sudden strange requests that always delighted his prince so, nods amiably. "Easily done."

"Make sure it's really random ah, just tell the manager and point at five people who pass by in uniform or something. Since we're inconveniencing their work schedule offer to give them a little compensation. If one of them is really blind and can't play then just pick another, don't be stubborn." Jia Hyson chatters on. "Ah, it's such a shame that I can't watch their reactions. But the younger generation always like to stream and video themselves, they'll probably put this on Weibo so I won't miss out too much. Maybe I should sponsor a reality tv show or something. I feel like I could be very good at it. Chu Chu's business mainly does fun techy stuff right? I should ask her if she's interested in my ideas."

"If she isn't interested in your ideas then leave her." Sefu says supportingly, "My prince is the most amazing and creative prince I know. It is merely that he lacks the discipline to work on his ideas to fruition."

Jia Hyson pulls a face, "You," He sighs, "Why must you always add criticism after praise? I have discipline. Watch me, I'll make a big reality show that will be super popular!"

"I'm looking forward to it." Sefu chuckles hoarsely. "When do you want to start?"

"Uh.. Well, not now of course." Jia Hyson purses his lips, thinking seriously, "I, I have to think about the theme and I have to write a proposal and find a director person and, um.." Actually it did sound like an awful amount of work to do something he was technically already doing on a smaller scale. And it wasn't like he needed anymore money and fame.

"Forget it, let's just shelve the project for a rainy day. I want to watch the new drama Chu Chu told me about." He sighs. It really was a good thing being so wealthy, he didn't have to work a dime, just go socialise and drink with some dull people and promote his amazing homeland. The power of Easy Mode was almost too scary.

Bebe: '...' Bebe can hear the billions of hardworking hosts vomiting and crying blood out of anger for it's spoiled silly host.

Who asked the systems to assign Jia Hyson a character that was not only OP rich, but neither had to work hard or do politics to achieve his goals. Even the blessing of strength was bestowed onto him. He really had to do nothing but lie down and occasionally go save the male lead once the plot starts.

If he was truly lazy he actually needn't have met the protagonists at all, just hire some people to protect Zheng Jinhai at the appropriate times.

However that would really be too bland and he quite liked his choice to insert himself as a supporting male lead. After all, the story really was a little too generic in characters for his taste, in fact for a lot of stories this was a big problem. After a while people will inevitably be bored with slim beautiful shous and peach blossom eyed girls. Male leads and supporting leads especially can suffer from being generic, always the overbearing CEO type. It's always good to have some diversity both in personality and appearance.

And improving the plot does bring extra points so.

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe just showing my face gives me points for diversity. Just making a few jokes will give points for humor. Just talking shit about the male lead will give points for drama.   Being a host is so damn easy.'

Bebe: 'Does Host mind if Bebe quotes that?'

Jia Hyson: '?, sure go ahead.'

And that's how Jia Hyson started his journey on becoming the number three enemy of system hosts everywhere. Who was number one and two? That is a different story altogether ah.

Sefu smiles dotingly at the prince. Even grown up he was still so stupid and childish. He really likes it. "Of course, of course ah," He appeases, enjoying the way the prince turns toward him and smiles brightly, his eyes curving into golden crescent shaped slits in pleasure. "Whatever you want my prince."

Sefu was greedy. Not a good man at all. If he could have his way, he will save his prince and his family from completely falling and still take have a chance to take a bite of his cake too.

And he will have his way.




Jia Hyson spends his days in C City idling about freely. Since the story which is now coming together is based in China, most of the important people in the world, like monarch butterflies, seem to migrate there by instinct. The only exception was the Americans who are always mentioned in the latter half of these sort of stories when domestic faceslapping is not enough anymore.

In High Class Heartache, there isn't much mention of America other than a small arc where Song Chuntao goes to America to open up a branch of her company there and catches a few people's eyes. To emphasize how influential these cannonfodder bosses are the author of course will describe all sorts of things. It's not too dramatic, after all, this story is based on the corporate world, not the entertainment world which America's Hollywood triumphs.

However the point is, Jia Hyson still had to visit America quite a bit plus a few other countries. But when he was in C City he would always call Song Chuntao to meet up. She really was diligent and had made a list of places to go in order to pay him back and they would arrange in advance to clear a day's schedule to go out and have fun.

And at night, well, ahem. Song Chuntao was nervous about having proper sex, especially given Farrell's well, size. Jia Hyson on the other hand was nervous about Song Chuntao, this woman loved by heaven, feeling wronged so he introduced her to all sorts of 'fun' things they could do that didn't involve traditional sex. Foreplay, oral, pegging...

Song Chuntao and Jia Hyson were both a big fan of that last one.

So overall they were both very happy with their current status quo.

Song Chuntao, who only dated Zheng Jinhai when they were young and could only hang out by stalls and steal kisses behind the school, for the first time got to experience a proper adult dating life. Jia Hyson got to throw vinegar at his darling's face while doing his job and having fun. It was a win-win.

Today, they were going to go to a big circus that had arrived into town.

This is originally where Song Chuntao meets Zheng Jinhai. She had reluctantly been forced into a blind date with an important business partner's son and Zheng Jinhai had been accompanying his fianc Zheng Ting with a stony face. Song Chuntao catches sight of them first, excuses herself from her date and stalks them, getting angrier and angrier at how Zheng Jinhai seemed so at ease with himself while she could never let the grievances go and feeling betrayed by Zheng Ting who she had previously thought was at least on her side and sympathetic to her.

When Zheng Ting pesters Zheng Jinhai to win something for her before she leaves to go to the bathroom where she is in fact meeting another lover, Song Chuntao takes the opportunity to confront him and declare war. Unfortunately Zheng Jinhai has amnesia.

The feeling of having to swallow decades worth of anger because the bastard that ruined your family didn't even remember doing so... for Song Chuntao, it was quite indescribable.

Afterwards she drank and got the frankly stupid fucking idea to honeypot Zheng Jinhai and make him experience heartbreak. And if him getting distracted means the company is a little vulnerable then who cares? Not her!

And that's how the plot takes off.

However now with Farrell she can use the 'I have a boyfriend' excuse, she can easily turn down these blind dates. The pair haven't labeled the relationship yet, but Prince Farrell is eye catching and Song Chuntao is beautiful. It was inevitable at some point that word got out Prince Farrell had attached himself to one woman for so long.

Prince Farrell despite his well known slag reputation was very popular. Out of his previous lovers, roughly 50% separated as strangers with good impressions after a one night stand, 35% became friendly acquaintances or friends, 4% became good friends after casual dating, 4% were unwilling to break up and were still pursuing him, 2% absolutely became bitter and hated him and 5% went crazy stalker.

There was some mix and overlap of course. Some of the 'good friends' and acquaintances were still trying to move his heart and others are secretly stalkers or feel bitter about the break up. But the point is, overall despite being a playboy, he had enough charm to still be popular. Even jokingly was named as the Number One Slag Man you most want to date on the Internet.

His social media presence was good and he even had an assistant for PR to help him post photos and such as well as keep on top of things for him. Not to mention, his exotic muscular and handsome appearance really stuck out in any crowd much less one in China where the average height is lower than some other countries and their skin is pale like jade. Like a black swan among chickens, Jia Hyson was very noticeable so many photos are taken of him when he went out with Song Chuntao.

After all, even if he disguised himself, there still wasn't many tall dark skinned men like himself with such a good figure, long thick wavy hair that fell to his lower back and golden eyes.

So by this point, the fact that this young female entrepreneur was ambiguous with the youngest prince of Samotrelis was a big thing. The public caught on a few weeks after their first meeting at the hotel room and now it's the second month they've been hanging out together and playing around when they can. Even though they themselves claim to be 'just friends' people weren't blind and could sense at least the prince held romantic intentions. This sort of real life Cinderella story obviously was a huge thing for everyone so they were all quite excited, especially for China as the woman who bewitched the prince's fickle heart is one of their own.

In a way, their relationship, whether romantic or not, had a much bigger impact than Song Chuntao and Zheng Jinhai's ever did in the story. Song Chuntao has also been getting attention from a lot of investors and potential business partners that she would normally not be able to look at much less talk to in her current standing. Who asked her to be close with the prince of Samotrelis?

Even though her company doesn't really need the natural resources Samotrelis can offer right now given it's a tech-based company but other groups are very interested ah! The reason why the prince can still be so idle with such an important is because Samotrelis is incredibly picky with who they work for okay? First you need to have the opportunity to connect to Prince Farrell, if the prince likes you and your offer he'll suggest you to his brothers and sisters who will discuss and have the final say.

Prince Farrell is said to have the best EQ out of the family, easily seen by how he can easily seduce others, so the family uses him to determine the character of the people they wish to work with and scoping out trustworthy connections. What's more important is it doesn't matter the prestige, as long as the prince likes you, your practically set. The most famous story is how the prince went into a small grocery store that was close to shutting down and ended up chatting with the little grandson of the owner. Long story short, they became the first and one of only five stores to sell fresh Samotrelian produce in A City. To say the small family running the shop was given a golden pie from the sky is an understatement.

King Kro and his wife was also quite pleased with the relationship. While they have mixed feelings about a potential marriage with a foreigner, they're honestly just happy his youngest son is capable of a long term healthy relationship at all.

So compared to the original story, Song Chuntao's status is much stronger with her backer Prince Farrell. This may be one of the few overbearing CEO stories where the female protagonist started off so strong ah.

"This circus is interesting." Jia Hyson comments as he surveys the busy and lively area.

"Have you not gone to the circus before?" Song Chuntao asks as she leads him toward a nearby food stall. They had come early but even then the place was filled with families and couples.

Jia Hyson shakes his head, "No but I dated an acrobat once?" He shudders, "I thought it would be sexy but then she did this thing with her arm and I screamed for her to stop... Sefu and some guards ran in and accidentally shot her."

Song Chuntao: '...' That wasn't what I asked but okay wow.

"Well then. After we get some churros, where do you want to head to first?" She generously lets him choose.

"Hmm..." Jia Hyson studies the pamphlet she passes to him seriously. Suddenly his eyes brighten and looks at her with a childish excitement, "Hey there's elephants and lions ah! It's been so long since I've gotten to see them."

Song Chuntao can't help but smile back as Farrell beams and tells her all about the big wildlife in his home country. Even though he's so giddy, it also made her a little sad for him. After all, traveling to Samotrelis takes time since there are no airports there and the country is still quite conservative despite it's open borders. Farrell had told her beforehand that he usually goes back home only one or two times a year, staying there for at least a month give or take a few weeks.

While she herself has gone abroad and enjoyed it, she also couldn't imagine practically living in a suitcase traveling to and fro all the time. To her, vengeance and success were what motivated her but her family is what stabilizes her. No matter what it would be difficult for this man who clearly also has a strong connection to family to live alone. Song Chuntao gives Jia Hyson a soft doting look before she shivers as a chill goes down her spine.

Well. Maybe not alone ah.

Glancing behind her she sees Farrell's scary bodyguard giving her a ferocious look. Song Chuntao knows the man, Mr Karamoy, seems to inexplicably hate her. In fact, she has some ideas to why but she fears that if she voices out the conjectures brewing in her heart she fears the man would kill her.

It didn't help that the one time when Farrell excused himself to go to the bathroom when they went to walk around a botanical garden, Mr Karamoy offered to show her a magic trick and sliced a giant tree in half with a sword like some cultivation novel. The tree was planned to be cut down anyway but that wasn't the point!

She used to have nightmares about the Zhengs. Now they are less and instead she has nightmares of Mr Karamoy. Her hatred for the Zhengs have reduced by a small amount thanks to the fun she has with Prince Farrell but her vigilance and wariness has honestly never been higher ah. When she weighed the pros and cons of associating with Farrell such as possible assassination, hostage situations, reputation etcetera- who knew his clearly gay super villain bodyguard would turn out to be the biggest danger?! ()

Of course as a protagonist she can't take this sort of shit lying down. She likes Prince Farrell and she likes how much fun she can have with him. Even if she herself is unsure if what she feels is love or true friendship she is very reluctant to destroy it for some bastard. So instead of being intimidated and breaking off the relationship, Song Chuntao rebellious and stubbornly clings on.

Ignoring the pressure emanating from Mr Karamoy, she leans toward Farrell, cling onto him coquettishly and with a big smile. In fact, not only her status in life but her mental fortitude had unknowingly improved by leaps and bounds to the point she is able to even hold a little enjoyment at seeing Mr Karamoy, this frightening that had caused her to lose beauty sleep, seethe with jealousy.

Song Chuntao: 'Ah, what to do, I seem to have become a bit of a bitch.'  

"Okay, then let's go there right away," She nods, squeezing his arm muscles admiringly. Even after so long she cannot help but drool. The men she meets at work are businessmen, and while that isn't to say they aren't handsome but they could not compare to Prince Farrell's body which was carved from hard nutritious food and warrior training. While Song Chuntao never viewed herself as a particularly lustful woman, it was hard not to praise such a handsome figure that made one unable to think of lecherous things. (   )

Prince Farrell was funny, considerate to her needs, sexy and probably richer than some smaller first class countries. Honestly, she's a little afraid after Farrell her standards for men would be too high.

"But churros first," Jia Hyson reminds her with a good natured poke to her forehead. She touches where he poked her and pouts. "Good sir," he turns to the stall owner with confidence, "I'll have five of every type of churro on the menu, three fruit skewers, a strawberry milkshake and an ice vanilla latte, no whip cream."

The people lining up behind them stared at Jia Hyson aghast. Conversely the stall owner and his workers were looking at him with both fear and awe.

Song Chuntao: '...' Okay maybe someone less gluttonous might be good too.

"Aiyah, aren't you worried you'll choke eating like that?" Song Chuntao chides as she watches Jia Hyson chomp down on two churros at once. Thankfully he didn't intend to eat all of the food and had given some to his guards. Still the rate he was eating made it look like he didn't eat two large bowls of wanton noodles for breakfast at a nearby hawker store.

"Chu Chu," Jia Hyson swallows the last of his churros before fishing out another one. This one is thicker than the previous two as it was stuffed with salted caramel. "If there's one thing you should know about this prince-" Song Chuntao gapes as, like a sword swallower he lowers the fat churro down into his throat. Slowly the churro disappears completely for a few seconds before Jia Hyson pulls it back up, a little wetter but relatively unharmed. He coughs before giving her a flirtatious look, "It's theres no such thing as a gag reflex to the great me." He then takes a large bite of the churro.

Song Chuntao rolls her eyes but she's grinning amused, "Be careful Farrell, your gay is showing."

"Aw, Chu Chu, you know you love it." He winks, "Now come on, to the lions and tigers and bears!"

"Oh my," Song Chuntao laughs and picks up the pace.

They played hard and ate a lot. Even though Jia Hyson was the one who ate the most and played the hardest- nearly making every game stall owner cry due to his amazing athletic skills bestowed on him from birth- it was still Song Chuntao who had to beg for mercy first.

"You okay? Do you want me to get you some tea? A cracker?" Jia Hyson asks concerned.

"Ugh, don't even talk about food. Tea... tea would be lovely." She groans as Jia Hyson brings her to a park bench away from the crowd looking a bit pale.

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, I feel bad.' Sometimes he forgets about how good his stamina and endurance is. Especially since most of the people he spends his time with other than Song Chuntao are either Samotrelis guards like Sefu or international guards that do not lack in physical strength to most people.

"Sefu, can you please get us some tea?" He asks glancing at Sefu, worry for the protagonist still evident on his face.

Sefu gives Jia Hyson a faint smile, "Why don't you come with me? That way you can personally pick out a tea that would suit her taste best."

Jia Hyson hesitates for a moment but then he remembers they haven't seen the male lead yet and maybe the innate attraction between the two protagonists would be better if he wasn't there for a bit. "Chu Chu will you be fine? I'll get two of my other guards to stay behind to watch over you okay? I won't be long."

Song Chuntao smiles weakly and nods, touched by Jia Hyson's attitude. "En, come back soon."

As Sefu follows behind Jia Hyson into the crowd he takes a second to turn around and flip Song Chuntao the finger so fast she might have thought it was an illusion if the disdainful sneer didn't imprint into her heart so thoroughly.

Song Chuntao: '...' What a petty jealous bastard  

It seems their feud will become only greater with each passing day. At the very least Song Chuntao is aware that Mr Karamoy will not hurt her, for Farrell's sake if nothing else, so she is not truly as afraid as she had been in the beginning.

Silently she plots on how to pettily slap that man in the face. Prince Farrell had a strong dependence and trust toward Mr Karamoy that she couldn't bear to attack but Song Chuntao still had some advantages as a lover.

Later that night Song Chuntao would put on a strap on and makes Jia Hyson wail in pleasure, encouraging the enthusiastic prince to be louder than usual, groaning out how she was the best fuck he ever had and no man would ever compare. The morning after Sefu stared viciously at her with dark bags under his eyes and Song Chuntao swears he put a laxative in her drink.

However before that, Song Chuntao's thoughts were distracted as she catches sight of two familiar figures in the distance.

Was that-?

When Jia Hyson came back with freshly brewed sweet ginger tea the bench was empty. Inside he was quite pleased since it meant that Song Chuntao most likely had found Zheng Jinhai but outwardly he had to frown. With a cold, domineering voice he clearly calls out, "Zezek, Wu Lanfen."

A tall, muscular Samotrelian warrior appears in front of him, kneeling respectfully. "This servant is here. Wu Lanfen is currently tailing Miss Song." He immediately reports.

"What is she doing?" Jia Hyson questions, voice revealing his confusion, "The bathroom?"

Zezek hesitates, eyes flickering to Sefu for a moment. Zezek and the other guards, even the international foreign ones, had been together with the prince for a very long time. Bonds have obviously formed after so long together. Sefu Karamoy was a person they deeply respected for his skills and leadership, and Prince Farrell was a kind and generous person who held no problem 'slumming around' with them and was therefore very much liked.

In short, to the guards and assistants working with the prince, they all supported Sefu Karamoy's secret love for their boss but as professionals they knew they shouldn't interfere especially when it was also clear that Sefu had no intention of revealing his feelings himself. While they respected him, they weren't necessarily too close to him to give advice to and they wouldn't dare try and control their princely boss' personal illicit affairs.

While they liked Miss Song they still liked their secondary boss better. So Zezek after some thought carefully worded his answer into something more scandalous than it was, "Miss Song was sitting on the bench for a while before she suddenly seemed to be entranced by a handsome male stranger. She immediately seemed to forget about your highness and deserted the area in hopes to follow the handsome man. The handsome man does not seem to be a relative and had a woman clinging onto him."

From the simple, 'she recognized someone and followed them' became 'fell in love with a stranger, abandoned the prince, an abrupt tale of loving the new, not the old.' When it came from the usually honest and forthright Zezek most people couldn't help their impression of Miss Song lowering somewhat even if they felt there must be a reason behind her strange actions.

Unfortunately Jia Hyson wasn't most people. He was a host that was willing to put on a green hat for the plot ah! It's all for the plot! He, he didn't find it exciting at all! Not at all!

It was time for the story to properly start!




After some thought, Jia Hyson decided to go after Song Chuntao.

After all, wouldn't it be dramatic for the old love to meet the new love?

In the story even though Zheng Jinhai completely lost his memory of nearly everything before the accident except for basic knowledge and his parents' appearances, he still recognized Song Chuntao in that 'this woman, why does she make my heart race?' sort of way.

In fact it's revealed later on that beforehand, when Song Chuntao had her photo taken for some business magazine to report her as one of the successful newcomers in that year, Zheng Jinhai had felt he had known this woman but couldn't figure out where, when and why. Because of this he had secretly taken interest in her company and news watching over her distantly in the shadows despite not knowing completely why.

When Song Chuntao confronts him at the circus he had become disappointed in her who kept insinuating vague things and calling him and his family 'scum' and 'villains', and thought she was crazy. However despite his current impression of her, his heart, his feelings, they can't help but urge him to be close to her, irritating him but unable to fight it.

It's the typical 'even though I don't like you I can't get enough of you,' 'even though I shouldn't care, it hurts to see you in pain,' 'even though I don't like you for some reason I feel bad when other men like you'- that sort of feeling. To shake it off he tries to ignore Song Chuntao and ends up getting interested in his new secretary instead. You know, the one who is secretly Song Chuntao.

As for Zheng Ting? Well obviously he only sees her as a sister ah.  

Jia Hyson skims through the summarized version of the story once again in his mind and can't help but silently spit at it. He knows it's a popular story framework but as a grown man he really can't help but feel ill reading it.

It was really just pure teenage romance cringe, especially the way it was written which emphasized the turbulent emotions of everyone with numerous angsty paragraphs. Honestly the only thing different from those other stories of the same genre was the amnesia and that was so ridiculous even tweenage girls had to complain and give a bad rating.

He cannot, in good conscious, stay in such a story world like this.

Therefore he must stir the pot and create more interesting drama.

"It c-can't be," Jia Hyson turns his head as his ears pick up the familiar silky voice, now taut with nerves and shock, "you, you really don't-"

"I don't know you." A cold baritone voice simply says with faint annoyance. It was definitely a voice that would suit an overbearing CEO character. "Now would you excuse me I-"

Jia Hyson figures this would be the best time to make an appearance. "Chu Chu?" His golden yellow eyes softens as he smiles with the ginger tea in his hand. Because his appearance was too good and too exotic, his entrance becomes a bit more explosive, many people having glanced his way with flushed cheeks. However he only had eyes for Song Chuntao.

"Chu Chu, why did you leave? I got you ginger tea for your stomach." He puts on a doting and warm smile that made many bystanders swoon and bite at their handkerchiefs with envy at Song Chuntao. Before when some idle eavesdroppers overheard Song Chuntao confront Zheng Jinhai they thought she was a woman thrown away by the handsome man who had forgotten her and felt pity. But who knew...

She actually had an even hotter man by her side! Shock!

Both men were handsome but while Zheng Jinhai was a typical handsome CEO, Prince Farrell held the advantage of being an exotic beauty that attracts the eye more simply because he stood out more. Jia Hyson had also wore a white tank top today, which showed off his caramel brown skin, perfect muscles and hinted at even more perfect abs. Compared to Zheng Jinhai's smart casual outfit that contained a long sleeved shirt and blazer that gave a sense of abstinence, Prince Farrell was definitely objectively more erotic and gorgeous.

This plus the comparison of Zheng Jinhai's initial sharp words toward the lady and Prince Farrell's warm attitude and care toward the same lady... many people watching couldn't help but lean toward the foreign man in their hearts.

To be honest, Zheng Jinhai, this overbearing domineering CEO character can only really appeal to readers, female leads, female supporting leads and perverts like Jia Hyson. In the real world, not many people actually like such a cold, tyrannical easily jealous and possessive alpha male. Well, not many would have the patience to unlock such a complicated man's affection in the first place. They want someone warm and supporting, that respect them and are kind.

Of course Jia Hyson wants that too, Drake, Monroe, Li Guiren, Tian Shun and Sefu Karamoy also held such traits. Zheng Jinhai does have them too or he wouldn't be a male lead. He would just be scum. It's just that these things are wrapped up with various unsavory attributes that many people aren't able to break past. Lucky people can get a shortcut to their affections of course, like being a childhood friend or a chance meeting when the man is in a vulnerable position. But still, to the other 99% of the world these sort of characters are to be feared, admired and respected but not necessarily loved.

Of course their face value must be good though. If not they're just creeps abusing their power ah. It really is a pity but Jia Hyson never said people weren't superficial creatures.

"Farrell?" Song Chuntao was a little surprised, then immediately embarrassed. After all this really looks like she went after another man while he had left.

However the embarrassment turns into appreciation as she catches his subtle wink before pressing the still warm tea into her hands. It seems he had overheard the last part and was willing to step in for her.

Flattered as she was, she didn't need that protection right now. She had climbed back up after falling from a tall height when she was young, her resolve was not easily shaken by Zheng Jinhai's unforeseen memory loss. But the comfort of Prince Farrell inevitably soothes her aching heart. She obediently takes a sip of her tea, it's sweet and warming and a little spicy just like the prince.

"Who are you?" Zheng Jinhai demands, an unknown feeling of irritation welling up inside his chest as he sees this handsome foreigner being so gentle toward Song Chuntao. There was also a strange feeling of loss at the sight, like he should be the one doing such a thing for this strange woman. It confused and maybe even frightened him a little and that just made him angrier.

Jia Hyson turns to him and frowns, stepping in front of Song Chuntao protectively, "Who I am is none of your business uncle," he says with some aggressiveness.

Song Chuntao secretly hides her smile. What a good liar. Obviously he knew who Zheng Jinhai was and that Zheng Jinhai was only twenty-seven, two years older than him at most, but he still dared impetuously call him uncle with such a righteous face.

Zheng Jinhai's face turns a little ugly as expected. Uncle? You're an uncle! Your whole family are uncles!

However before he could even do anything, that crazy woman who had been so fierce toward him before, tugged coquettishly at the hem of the foreign man's shirt with a faint but breathtaking smile. It made Zheng Jinhai's heart throb painfully. "Farrell, let's go." She quietly but clearly says.

The foreign man gives her a surprised look, "Really but-"

The woman shakes her head, "I don't want to deal with him anymore, let's go home okay?"

Home. They had a home together?

Zheng Jinhai stares at them blankly as the irritated and helpless feeling suffocates him.

...

"Did yer see his face!" Song Chuntao laughs as she chugs down another glass of beer.

"I did," Jia Hyson patiently repeats as he slowly sips on his cocktail. It's fruity and fucking delicious and it's a goddamn shame straight men have to miss out on this delight because of their pre-conceived straightness.

Bebe: 'And what is 'pre-conceived straightness'?'

Jia Hyson: 'You know, like, uh, hard liquor and fishing and tractors.'

Bebe: ' _ You define straight men by hard liquor, fishing and tractors.'

Jia Hyson: 'No! I just define their definition of straight men by hard liquor, fishing and tractors. There's a difference.'

Bebe: '...' Is there?

Anyway, Song Chuntao was getting smashed. It was a good thing she was pretty because this scene was not. No wonder the story blacked out and skipped to her hangover the next morning ah. Turns out she was kind of a mean drunk.

"Fecking hilarious!" Song Chuntao cheers, "He deserves it for forgetting about me! That bastard!"

"Such a bastard." Jia Hyson agrees.

"After all he did to me!"

"Mm.."

"He ruined my life!"

"Pretty much."

"And now he has amnesia?!"

"Seems like it."

"That bastard!"

"Such a bastard."

Song Chuntao glares at him. Jia Hyson smiles.

"You! You! Can't you say anything more?!" She accuses with a slur.

Jia Hyson blinks then decides to prod the plot forward a bit. "You should punish him?"

Song Chuntao snorts very inelegantly, looking at him with derision, "Obviously! Bah! What good are you?"

"I'm pretty and very good at sex." Jia Hyson deadpans before giggling uncontrollably. Ah. It seems the cocktails were stronger than he had thought.

As if appeased, Song Chuntao nods like a wise old master, "That's right. You're very good. And your penis is big. Even if I haven't tried it out it's very big. Many people must like it a lot. You should be proud."

Jia Hyson leers at her, "Then maybe you should give it a spin ah?"

Song Chuntao leans forward, cheeks flushed as she leers back, no trace of the cool office lady boss most were used to seeing her as, "I rather give you a spin."

Bebe: '...' Bebe wants to change protagonists. This one is too dirty.

In the end Jia Hyson got fucked so hard he almost begged for mercy. Drunk angry Song Chuntao was very willing to pull his hair and call him her slutty little whore. He was like, all over that.

As expected of a protagonist, they excel at everything. ()

Bebe: 'Is it really okay to let the female lead master such a skill? What sort of story is this?'

Jia Hyson: 'A great one. I've always thought we should have more sexually active female leads in these sort of stories. So many pure blushing maidens is a little dull you know. I think many more mature audiences will be interested in the change up.'

Bebe: 'Bebe supposes that's true...'

Jia Hyson: 'Besides, other than making her a bit more sexually assertive and diverse it's not like I can change the story much anyway.'   'She's still going to plan to make Zheng Jinhai fall in love with her then break his heart ah. My part is pretty minimal. Let me have my fun.'

Just like he said, when Song Chuntao woke up with an aching pain between her temples and Jia Hyson sleeping tiredly next to her, she still managed to get the idea bestowed by the author god of doing the honeypot. However something must have went a little awry because the message seemed to have gotten a bit warped when it came across.

"Okay. Let me get this straight." Jia Hyson groans, rubbing the sleep from his eyes as he sits up. "You want to go to the interview for Zheng Jinhai's personal assistant in a disguise."

Song Chuntao nods.

"You want to essentially seduce him the way he seduced you when you were young."

Song Chuntao hesitates but nods again.

"Then after making him fall for you..." Jia Hyson's face spasms for a moment as he remembers what she had told him not a few minutes before. "You want to train him till he can't live without a dick up his ass, taking his last virginity, then immediately disappear from his life completely and breaking his heart in the process."

This time she nods enthusiastically.

"He stole my first so I'll steal his." She explains with a vicious and eager look in her eyes, "See if he'll forget this time!"

Jia Hyson: '...' () Oh no he had too much fun and took it too far.

Bebe: 'Bebe is going to kill you.'()




After doing the obligatory 'your idea sounds so stupid, don't do this,' talk, Jia Hyson agrees to help. Under the befuddled expressions of his guards- and the very, very unsightly one of his head guard- he orders them to contact anyone capable of good disguises for advice as well as a variety of high quality wigs and clothes.

"You know I'm essentially putting a green hat on myself right now for you right?" Jia Hyson sighs as he looks over at Song Chuntao.

She bites her lip guiltily, she also realised this problem a few minutes ago but didn't know what to say. There isn't a single man who would be happy with her idea if they wanted to pursue her. However for some reason she could not let this absurd idea go in her heart. It was like she just had to do this. So she could only apologise. "I'm sorry."

Jia Hyson gives another sigh again before ruffling her head, "Well, I did like you because you're so interesting. I'll play along for now."

Because he had an easy going to the point of frivolous and fickle personality this sort of attitude was not too strange. Song Chuntao still felt guilty but didn't believe the prince would sabotage her or anything out of jealousy. However humans were hypocritical. Even if she felt relieved she also couldn't help but be a bit disappointed at how passive he was being. After all if you really loved someone they wouldn't be as agreeable right?

For a lover, you don't necessarily want someone stupidly possessive but at the same time having someone who can't be made jealous at all is probably even worse. After all even if there's mutual trust, to act a little uneasy when you're lover is out alone with a handsome person is fairly normal especially when it's an ex. Even though one half isn't jealous, the other half will become insecure instead.

It was a very complicated feeling.

Bebe's feeling however on this was much less complicated.

Bebe: 'Bebe can't believe you 50 Shades of Gray-ed this story. Bebe is so upset, Bebe cannot even.'

Jia Hyson: 'Technically it's like the opposite of 50 Shades of Gray right? So it would be more appropriate to call it... 50 Colors of Not-Grey haha.'

Bebe: '...Bebe hopes you get pushed off a cliff and die.'

Jia Hyson who is afraid of heights: '...' Sorry I'll be quiet now.

He's also aware that this change was a bit too much. Even though generally the flow of the story was the same, it was the difference between a PG-13 story and a R-18 story. One of them obviously is meant for a wider audience.

However this also is still not too bad. Even though there's a smaller target audience and therefore less variation of ratings that is not necessarily a bad thing. Older audiences want more mature settings and even though the story has been greatly ridiculed by the public it is still an unbiased fact that 50 Shades of Gray had sold phenomenally. The problem is whether the ratings will reflect that.

After all you can have a terrible book be popular. Unfortunately Jia Hyson's job isn't to be popular but to improve ratings. Pegging in his original world is a niche kink that only became a bit more mainstream recently when society became more open about sex. However so is being gay but that still gets a lot of shit in the modern day world.

Worst of all, there are also cases of many small-minded readers who will immediately give a 1 star rating if there is something they really don't like in a story despite how much they liked it before. And even if you give proper warning and tags beforehand they will still accuse the author of betraying their trust because they themselves didn't bother reading these warnings and now have had their eyes 'tainted'. These are the bane of all authors who write anything remotely controversial and it inevitably will bring down their score. Jia Hyson who has also experienced this headache multiple times is very aware of this problem.

Even though High-Class Heartbreak will definitely improve its shitty rating when they take out the numerous amnesia incidents, it will probably not improve much due to the pegging aspect. Jia Hyson does some mental calculations and estimations given his experience of readers and determines that the rating could probably not exceed 4 stars. Which isn't bad but also isn't particularly outstanding.

Aiyah, it's a little annoying but it's not like every story he can Beta will be big hits like the previous two worlds. He can accept it.

The disguise Song Chuntao chooses is simple but effective. Her long straight black hair will be tied up and covered with a light brown wig which gives her a curly bob hair haircut. Her light blue eyes will be changed to a warm hazel and she'll also wear glasses on top of it. Using the magic of makeup her face becomes a little sweeter, making her eyes look a bit rounder, using softer lighter tones than she would usually use.

The end result was that the mature sexy Song Chuntao turned into a baby faced lady with youthful, cute and refreshing tastes.

"Waa-h!" Jia Hyson claps as she gives a little spin in front of a full length mirror, her own face in awe at the transformation. She really did look like a different person. It was still a few points similar to her original appearance but it was more than enough to not recognize her. "Chu Chu you look great!"

"This is amazing!" She exclaims.

"This is worth a raise!" Jia Hyson immediately points at the artist responsible and the guard who recommended her. They became even more excited than Song Chuntao. Despite the artist not previously being on his pay grade she looked ready to jump up and down. Which person who knew someone who worked under this prince wasn't insanely jealous of that worker? The pay was so good it was ungodly, the insurance was big and the eye candy was top tier. Unfortunately the eye candy was too outstanding and the artist couldn't find a way to wriggle in despite having great skill and a connection.

The artist, a young mixed race lady named Juniper Li stared at Song Chuntao with stars in her eyes. This was the chocolate bar that unlocked her way into Willy Wonka's Factory! Her golden ticket! This was her golden ticket! Must! Hold! Thigh! ()

Trotting over to Song Chuntao with a sweet 'Sister-' from her mouth she begins to boot lick in a manner that made guard friend unable to look at her anymore. Aiyah how embarrassing she even was passing the woman juice like she was passing tea to a great ancestor!

Bemused Song Chuntao accepts the tea and politely makes some small talk with Juniper. She liked her style and skill very much and the fact she was brought by Farrell's people meant that she could at least be trusted if only for the benefits alone. She must treat this person well. This will be her make up artist who shall help her get revenge in the future after all.

However her smile doesn't last long as after drinking the juice her stomach suddenly aches painfully.

Sefu: Hehe  

Song Chuntao: )

Jia Hyson who had been browsing through the assortment of wigs and clothing that had been hastily brought here looked up in confusion when Song Chuntao ran to the bathroom. "What's wrong?"

"She probably ate something off," Sefu smoothly replies as he glances at a particularly eye-catching purple punk-style wig.

Jia Hyson furrows his brows, but didn't find it too suspicious. His body's immunity was better than hers and they did eat food at a circus yesterday. It wouldn't be surprising if some of the food they ate was a bit dirty. Not to mention they did eat a lot and she didn't feel great after as well.

Politely he ignored the sounds coming from the bathroom and gestured for everyone to move to a different room. Luckily his hotel room is a suite so they could give her some privacy. "Get someone to buy her stomach medication and ginger tea." He orders.

Sefu bows his head in acquiescence but it also made it so Jia Hyson missed the flash of anger in his eyes. To him, Song Chuntao was a bitch trying to step on two boats! Using Farrell's resources to catch another man and yet Farrell is still- how could his kitten fall in love with that kind of person?

And last night! She knew he was in the room next door and she still dared to make his kitten moan so sexily and say that no man could ever satisfy him as much as her! Wasn't that deliberately slapping his face!

So angry!

...

A pale looking Song Chuntao and Juniper Li left with a few guards carrying down the clothes, wigs and other disguise products. It was decided Juniper will room with Song Chuntao to make things easier. Juniper had a very happy go lucky and simple personality perfect for a loyal sister character. She also had experience with scum boyfriends and would be good with teaching the still relatively inexperienced Song Chuntao on the ways of seduction.

After all Song Chuntao has never pursued anyone herself. Her experience in love was being childhood sweethearts with Zheng Jinhai which came from years of slow mutual affection and the fast burning passion of suddenly meeting Prince Farrell due to a terrible scheme and a coincidence. While both colorful in their own ways it was definitely not enough to help her with her plan so the presence of the 'normal' Juniper will help a lot.

And for their compatibility? Well, Song Chuntao is the protagonist, Jia Hyson has no worries about the two becoming good friends.

Honestly during the honeypot storyline Jia Hyson has no reason to appear. Not only would he fail to generate much interest he would also potentially reveal Song Chuntao's identity. If he did appear when Song Chuntao is in disguise it would be best to come early mid-way when the pair had established some stability in their newfound relationship. Right now is the period of comedically and awkwardly trying to seduce the male lead while being teased by said male lead there was no need for this handsome lightbulb.

This meant he had some free time before the first amnesia incident which should occur after Zheng Jinhai and Song Chuntao have sex for the first time in x years.

Given that he's pretty much free from the story for now, he decides to go to a nice cafe and read a nice online story about a mermaid who joins the entertainment world. He's been pretty into those sort of stories recently ah.

However as he sips on his cinnamon honey latte he gloomily has to delete the tab containing the story site on it. Too bland and the character was too stupid. He couldn't read it comfortably without feeling annoyed. And he wasn't really feeling reading anything else either.

Sighing Jia Hyson leans back on his chair and surveys the cafe crowd. It wasn't a busy period so the place was relatively empty. It was pretty much him, and a few of his guards scattered around. The downside to being a prince was the very limited alone time he could get. It had already been hard enough to convince Sefu to let him sit alone in the corner of the cafe.

Given his boredom he decides to browse BeBay. In order to avoid looking strange Bebe can use his phone to access the system shop instead of the usual holographic screen.

Since this world is on easy mode Jia Hyson didn't have any intention to actually spend anything during this time but it was still fun to look at. BeBay has a great variety of items and because of customer complaints they now introduce a lot of daily sales and discounts in order to promote more people buying things. There's even a review system and a suggestion box for hosts who feel they need a certain item that isn't there or other complaints.

Right now there was a special event on. The system world really knew how to promote ah. Even though Jia Hyson wasn't much of a shopaholic he couldn't help but be excited looking at all these things and putting them on his wishlist. Even though he had earned 32,000 p, two unique skill tickets and 47 skill points in the last world given the wide variety of things he wanted to buy Jia Hyson could only clutch at his purse strings indecisively like an old granny at a high end supermarket.

Forgetting about the amazing Unique Skills like Host's Spatial Storage, Affection Meter, Status Check, Learning Cube and Caught on Camera where he can only currently choose two. You can even buy special skills with p or skill points! Not to mention those magic items! Ahh it's too hard! He was so unwilling to spend, he can only look!

As said before right now BeBay is promoting their new line of Limited Edition Western Fairytale Special Skills along with discounts on items with a similar theme. Apparently there is another type of system which are the R&D systems that are essentially the mad scientists of the system world responsible for creating skills, products and troubleshooting. They essentially run BeBay.

Fun fact, the Overlord responsible for the amazing slogans for a lot of the ghost skills Jia Hyson had gotten in the previous world was part of the R&D group. The systems of the R&D group make up 78% of the votes for his second place ranking of Overlord Boss you Least Want to Work Under.

Jia Hyson browses through this Western Fairytale Special Event interestedly.

-New Special Skills-

My Glass Slipper, the shoe can only fit one! - using this skill will make it so three items of clothing will be only able to be worn by you and you only. Not only that if stolen it will always make its way back to you. Time it takes to come back random. 33.333% chance a Prince Charming will bring it back to you. (5500 p)

Beauty and the Beast, damn beast, be tamed by my beauty! - 30% chance of dazzling a wild beast with user's beauty. 10% chance of completing taming beast with beauty. 1% chance beast will turn into a handsome person and confess true love. (23K p)

Under the Sea, it's better when it's wetter - Escape skill. Only viable when near large body of water. Enter water and transform into a fast swimming sea creature. 4% chance of transforming into an animal capable of attack. 0.8% chance of turning into a mythical aquatic beast. (15K p)

Thumbelina's Curse, pretty as a petal and the same size too- can shrink to Thumbelina's size for an unlimited time. Time limit: 1 hour. Can only be used every 30 hours. Can communicate with animals but best effect with those your current size. (9000 p)

Aurora's Curse, sleep for a thousand years bitch! - curse a person to feel incredibly sleepy whenever they prick themselves on something needlelike. The cursed person be afflicted by the curse for a thousand years or when the user lifts it. Can only curse one person at a time. The level of sleepiness assigned will be random from drowsy to coma. (100K p)

Jia Hyson: '...' Fuck that's a vicious curse ah! Wishlist it! Wishlist it!

Snow White's Poison Apple, take a bite, it'll be your last - Curse a piece of fruit and gift it to your enemy. They will die if swallowed. 50% chance that something will cause them to choke and fall into a deep sleep instead which will only stop once the apple is dislodged from body. If apple is swallowed in that state the person will also die. (17K p)

Peter Pan's Shadow, one can't just leave their shadow lying about - Can turn your own shadow into a separate entity for a short amount of time. Only you can understand your own shadow. It can separate a certain distance and hide in other shadows. Warning- small chance that a shadow that doesn't belong to you may attach instead. (45K p)

Cinderella's Little Helpers, it's very 'mice' to meet you- Summon three loyal mice to help you with your tasks. Levelling them up will increase time they can stay and intelligence. If you treat them kindly and increase their affection for you it will automatically level up. Calling you Cinderelly is non-negotiable. (9500 p)

-Special Bundles-

Three Blessings of Aurora Bundle: Basic Beauty Pill (10x), Sing with the Colours of the Wind Level 1, One Curse Pass - allows user to avoid one curse in the current world as long as someone kisses you within 24 hours. (3300 p)

Socialite Princess Bundle: Perfect Poise Level 3, Elegant Etiquette Level 2, White Lotus Tears Level 1, Random Special Tiara. (2200 p)

Kiddie Meal Bundle: Goldilocks's Special Oatmeal (50x), Life Size Gingerbread House (10x), Jack's Magic Beans (3x), Golden Goose Egg. (1100 p)

-Discounted Skills-

Sing Like No One's Watching - Make someone sing a full song. Can choose song. Cannot improve their singing voice. Singer can stop if given enough external stimulus. Can only use once per world. (20K p -> 15K p)

Royal Authority - gives you the aura of royalty. Can make people with weak wills kneel before you. (25K p -> 19K p)

Skills of the Shoemaker Elves - Able to craft really good shoes. Best with leather. (2100 p -> 1000 p)

-Fairytale Items on Discount-

Pixie dust - 30g. Sprinkle it generously over anyone or anything and they will be given the ability to fly for a short period. (40K p -> 25K p)

Fairy Godmother's Wand - Three uses only. Improve clothing. Create a vehicle out of vegetables. Can turn animals into men. Can use three times. Effect lost at midnight. (220K p -> 175K p)

Princess Makeup Kit (5x) - Look like a Princess! A variety of styles! Guaranteed Beautifying effect! Latest option is Snow Queen Elsa! (500 p -> 410 p)

Glass Slippers - Wearing it will attract foot fetishists. 2.5% chance will attract a goldmaster-level pervert. (1650 p -> 80 p)

Jia Hyson: '...' Some system in R&D clearly overestimated the worth of those slippers ah. You can sense the desperation in that discounted price.

'As you can see,' Bebe coughs, 'not every system that produces skills for hosts can be so successful. R&D systems have it hard especially if they don't get hired by a big company and can only rely on commission from the sales of their products.'

Jia Hyson sighs. Even systems have commissions ah. No matter where you are money will always run the world. So sad. 'What about skills we earn naturally?' He can't help but question.

'Technically a lot of skills should be capable of being unlocked naturally but it depends on the host's innate abilities of course. For example the God's Scribe Skill Host owns is part of the God Line of special skills and is marketed at 1.87M p. And it's one of the cheaper God skills one could purchase.' Bebe explains, 'Of course those attack and curse type skills can only be gained through very special and specific conditions or through blind luck with getting a character that already has such a skill and being able to take it with [Skill Stealer]. Many R&D systems actually prefer if hosts can learn it 'naturally' instead of buying it since they have to give 20% of the profit to the R&D funds when they do buy it.'

20% feels a little tyrannical ah. Then again what can they do there's only one system site. They can only cry.

'And when they don't?'

'They're given points from the R&D funds, give them full market worth.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Can't tell whether this is fair or unfair.

'Those funds are usually to support and encourage systems to work harder on making unique, useful and interesting skills. Those new skills in the Western Fairytale line are most likely the winners of a contest funded by R&D.' Bebe adds.

It's a little like funding in his original world's science and technology fields he supposes. But simpler. And nicer. And probably less boring. Jia Hyson wonders what it would be like to be a system.

Bebe, reading his mind: 'It's pretty good as long as you don't get a spicy chicken for a host.'

The spicy chicken host Jia Hyson: '...'

In the end he couldn't help himself and ended up buying a bunch of things. His willpower wasn't strong ah.

Even though he doesn't necessarily need a lot of skills since his aim isn't to counterattack or anything, these products could help him in a pinch or for survival. He gets [My Glass Slipper (Active) Level 1] and [Cinderella's Little Helpers (Active) Level 1] since they're definitely quite practical and relatively low key. He also buys [Skills of the Shoemaker Elves Level 1], the Three Blessings and Kiddie Meal bundle.

And finally, the Glass Slippers because, come on. It's cheap and hilarious.

Altogether that's 20,480 p he spent. Leaving 11,520 p from his original earnings in the last world.

...Aiyah why can't they transfer real life currency into points? What is the point of being so rich if he couldn't even purchase a Fairy Godmother's Wand. He wanted to get the whole Cinderella set now!

Swallowing back his first world problems, Jia Hyson finishes his drink before leaving the cafe. All his guards getting up and quickly following behind him like big scary ducklings. Sefu the scariest duckling was right on his heels. "What do you wish to do now my prince?" He rasps.

"Shoe shopping." Jia Hyson answers after some thought. "I want to go shoe shopping."

Sefu: '???' Didn't his prince dislike shoe shopping the most? His prince's mind was so unfathomable sometimes.

It was true Jia Hyson didn't like shoe shopping. He just felt there were better things to do than buy things that literally barely anyone looks at. He was really glad he was a man in this aspect alone since that meant he only needs a few good formal shoes, sneakers, sandals for the beach and like two pairs of decent boots. Nothing else. However he needed an excuse to be able to wear his new magic glass slippers ah.

Five pairs of silvery, glassy and, or diamond studded pairs of shoes later Jia Hyson is at the hotel room trying out his Glass Slippers while the guards recover from their shopping trip.

The glass slippers, thank the lord, can change it's appearance to a few different options even if they're all obviously feminine in design.

He picks a simple low heel slipper and changes into a black, white and silvery outfit to match. Looking in a mirror, even though he looks damn fine in his clothing, his eyes couldn't help but be drawn to his shoes. He had to admit, even though feet were not his thing, when he wore the glass slippers Jia Hyson couldn't help but admire them and find them strangely erotic to look at.

Excited, he sneaks out of the hotel room to show off. Of course Jia Hyson isn't stupid, he doesn't intend to leave the hotel without his guards. He just wants to hang around the lobby and bar for a bit. See if he can catch the secret foot fetishists around here.

Surprisingly the glass slippers were not uncomfortable. Even if they were a bit heavier than he was used to the insides were surprisingly soft, as if lined with padding despite being pure glass. Jia Hyson was getting more impressed by these shoes. It turns out even shitty unwanted products were still top goods.

As he the elevator doors open he comes face to face with an incredibly handsome older man. From his appearance it looks like he came for some sort of business as he carried a briefcase and was wearing a light grey-blue suit. Then again with his serious looking face and silver rimmed glasses it was hard to associate the word casual with him. He seemed to be the type that worked all day and didn't like to play.

Still, he was quite his type ah. () 

Bebe: 'Is there anyone not your type?'  

Jia Hyson: 'I don't like people with too many tattoos I guess? You know, the ones who have more tattoo than exposed skin? Oh and abusive assholes and child murderers.'

Bebe: '...That's a disturbingly small amount of people.' Also Bebe hates that you had to specify the type of murderer you wouldn't sleep with.

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe.'  

After another glance Jia Hyson ignores him. That sort of man, while very good looking seems like the type that will only pursue their one true love. Probably straight too. Better not provoke.

However even though he didn't provoke the man that didn't mean the man didn't get provoked. As the lift started to slowly go down Jia Hyson noticed the man's breathing getting heavier. Frowning Jia Hyson turns to look at him only to meet his eyes.

The man coughs, face a little flushed and nervous. Jia Hyson does not miss the way his eyes flick down to his feet incased in glass. "You-" The man clears his throat, "Are you staying here long? In the hotel?"

Jia Hyson blinks in surprise. The power of Cinderella's glass slippers were no joke. It really attracted a foot fetishist! And so quickly! He remembers how sad the discounted price was and silently swore to give the product a good review as he nods at the man.

The man looks pleased that he responded. Encouraged he pushes a bit more, "Do you, do you want to go get a drink? The private bar at this hotel is very good."

"I don't even know your name," Jia Hyson was a little impressed at how forward this clearly nervous man was.

The man looks embarrassed again and fumbles to take out his business card. His serious domineering appearance ruined by his fumbling. Finally he takes it out and passes it to Jia Hyson, introducing himself.

"My name is Zheng Xin. Have you heard of the Zheng Family? I'm the heir."

Jia Hyson: '...' It seems he caught a goldmaster level pervert on the first try.

():




There are two sons of the Zheng family. And an adopted daughter slash fiance but that's not important right now.

Zheng Xin is the older of the two Zheng brothers and Zheng Jinhai, the younger.

The older brother Zheng Xin was introduced vaguely in the childhood memories and was name dropped a few times during the story but mainly he made a proper appearance after the main characters got together but before Song Chuntao revealed her true identity.

In this sort of situation Zheng Xin is like the boss before the final boss in the family arc, with the final boss being the Mother-In-Law. He's stern, he's cold-blooded and he's protective over both siblings, even his adopted one. Not to mention Zheng Jinhai respects him a lot.

Originally he disapproves of the relationship due to the social status gap but then later it's revealed that the reason Zheng Xin rejected the pair so vehemently is because he had previously caught sight of Song Chuntao changing into her disguise. He had been afraid that she was getting close to Zheng Jinhai with evil intentions however it had been so long since Zheng Jinhai had been so happy that he, Zheng Xin, didn't want to tell him it was all a lie. He rather he break them up then tell Zheng Jinhai the truth which would hurt him more.

It was a typical tale of an overprotective yet awkward and controlling brother doing his best alone. Like literally every character that isn't straight up villain scum, he wants to take care of all the problems to himself. Still this sort of character is pretty popular.

Zheng Xin probably could have quite a few fans among the readers but he didn't have much exposure and was quite bland when he's present. His whole character felt a little forced and he didn't interact much with other characters so he was sort of forgettable. Even when Zheng Ting's true face was revealed his reaction was also brushed over despite being part of the Zheng family.

Jia Hyson did not expect such a character to actually be such a secret pervert. In retrospect though he probably shouldn't be so surprised. When a character isn't given much guidelines from the Author God to be formed by the World's Will, they will inevitably be more free to grow any which way.

Realistically speaking many people have kinks, and those that are burdened with many responsibilities and forced into a certain image tend to want to lean toward less vanilla flavors. Jia Hyson who is thin-skinned in public and promoted himself as a polite, kind, if slightly eccentric gentleman in his original world deeply understood this concept.

Jia Hyson: 'Repressing oneself isn't good. As long as you do not rape or murder, there is no need to be ashamed of one's perversions.'

Bebe: '...   Didn't you kill people?'

Jia Hyson: 'And I'm deeply ashamed ah. I'm a bad, bad boy who needs to be disciplined for my actions daddy-'

Bebe: '...' () - This child is too shameless. Bebe does not want to acknowledge this child as his own.

"Can you give me a moment to go to the bathroom please?" Jia Hyson asks as he walks side by side with Zheng Xin to the bar.

Zheng Xin hesitates but nods politely, "Of course. I'll be right here."

Jia Hyson flashes him a grateful smile before trotting off. Once he enters the bathroom he quickly pulls out his phone and dials Song Chuntao. Luckily it was evening time now, she was most likely working in her office.

As expected, she picks up quickly, "Farrell?"

"I may have done a bad thing." Jia Hyson immediately says.

Song Chuntao, who has known him for a while now was a little confused. Prince Farrell's definition of a 'bad thing' could mean he accidentally caught someone's notice he shouldn't have or that he went back to the circus and released the elephants. "What?"

"I may have... flirted with someone."

She frowns, a little discomforted by the confession before remembering that their relationship was far from conventional and they had already agreed to help her seduce another man. It would be a bit unfair if she got mad about him being his usually provocative self around others.

Silently she resolves to no longer hold any romantic expectations toward the prince. She likes him and he likes her, but Song Chuntao believes it's more on par to friendship than real love. After all even though she felt discomforted she did not feel the overwhelming rejection she had felt when she saw Zheng Jinhai with another girl back in middle school when they were dating.

It was this difference in feeling that made her wake up from hoping for something to actually develop with the prince after so long. She hoped to fall in mutual love with him but the feeling of wanting to is not the same as actually doing so.

She'll tell the prince her ideas later. First though is resolving whatever problem Prince Farrell had. The fact that he had come to her despite having so many capable people genuinely worried her because it meant he probably snuck out again or that the situation was really not good.

With her inner turmoil settled Song Chuntao felt herself calm if remain a little exasperated, "Who did you flirt with?"

There's a pause before Farrell's voice hesitatingly asks, "You, you're not angry?" He then quickly adds, "He came onto me first ah."

Her mouth twitches, this scummy guy, "We'll talk about that later, who did you flirt with?"

"..Zheng Xin."

Song Chuntao's heart, which had just settled was now pounding thrice as erratically then before. "I'm sorry did you just say-?"

"Zheng Xin asked me out for drinks. He's waiting for me right now."

Song Chuntao was shocked, "He's gay?" She vaguely remembers Zheng Jinhai's elder brother when she was a child. He was always very cold and aloof, avoiding the others when he could, she recalls being quite intimidated by him despite him being only a few years older.

She had always imagined him as a statue come to life, it was so strange to think of him as a man with desires much less one for men. Especially men like Farrell, who, no offense, was sort of... frivolous? Flighty? Flamboyant?

The frivolous, flighty and flamboyant Jia Hyson: '...Girl, I thought we were friends.'

Bebe: 'Hehe, she knows you pretty well.'

"Apparently," Farrell hisses, "Anyway, he's a person even I have to be a little polite to while I'm staying in this city. I just wanted to tell you I'm just going to have a drink with him, I.. that's okay right?"

Song Chuntao smiles, even though Farrell wasn't exactly boyfriend material he was very thoughtful and straightforward toward the people he cared about. And after everything how could she not have good feelings toward him. "Of course that's fine.. actually, we need to talk..."

"Ah." Farrell's voice was complicated. "...Are you dumping me in the men's bathroom?"

Song Chuntao: '...' She wanted to have this conversation in a nice setting but this prince wanted to play a fastball and have it in the bathroom ah.

"I really think we would be best as friends." She could only apologetically say. It wasn't good to back out now that it's out of the open. For a moment she consider lying and maintaining the relationship for a bit longer but Song Chuntao was a straightforward girl.

She didn't want to falsely keep up pretenses just because of the benefits and she also believes Prince Farrell is just as straightforward, and wouldn't be the type who would take away what he's done for her just because they weren't together anymore. Even though she didn't want to do it right this moment, and the situation was far from ideal and rather uncomfortable, she won't back down now that she stepped up.

The pause on the other line was even longer than the first. Finally, Prince Farrell sighs. "I changed my mind." He mutters, "I'm going to step on Zheng Xin's dick."

Song Chuntao: '???' This script doesn't seem right. Why is her ex-boyfriend's brother's penis part of their break up conversation?

As if sending her silent confusion Farrell quickly explains very succinctly, "It's a rebound thing."

Song Chuntao: '...It sounds more like a pervert thing than a rebound thing but okay.'  

Then she imagines Zheng Jinhai getting stepped on by her and immediately gets a little excited. "Tell me about it tomorrow," She quickly says trying to hide her eagerness. Silently she can't help but still feel like it's a pity they broke up so soon despite her misgivings. Farrell was a great teacher. His classes... en they were the most exciting classes that this good student had ever participated in. (/)o

In the bathroom Jia Hyson chuckles and agrees. Truth be told, he was genuinely surprised that Song Chuntao had asked to break up but it seems for a while now she's only regarded him as a sex friend with an emphasis on friend. Hanging up he touches his nose thoughtfully.

This was probably his fault ah, he had played doting boyfriend fairly well in the beginning but for a while now he had grown bored and forced himself to constantly go out on dates with the protagonist despite wanting to be lazy and wanton once more. Once his mindset goes from 'fun and new' to something that he 'had' to do, his work ethic will start to drop due to a lack of motivation. It's why he's got so many unfinished works in the first place.

Women tend to be more sensitive to these things, Song Chuntao probably could subconsciously tell his heart was not truly into romancing her. Aiyah, it was a pity but his acting abilities still could not compare to other QT protagonists.

Though he was a little reluctant, there was a good chance that he may have to buy a few acting-based special skills to make up for his deficiencies in the future. He doesn't have an innate talent for the craft, not for a long term capacity anyway, and while he believes learning it by himself will give him a solid foundation it probably won't be enough to fool those with good eyes and supernatural-type characters, especially if he's ever given a pure white lotus type role.

Luckily acting special skills were very popular so... he'll wait for a discount hehe.

Walking out of the bathroom he greets Zheng Xin with a bright smile. Zheng Xin stiffly smiles back. "Sorry about the delay. Shall we?" Jia Hyson's smile widens as the big man gets considerably flustered.

Zheng Xin nods.

...

The next morning Jia Hyson wakes up to see his bodyguard standing in front of the foot of his bed. He chokes down a rather unmanly scream of surprise and covers his chest with his blanket like a coquettish lady, "Sefu! I have a guest over!" He hisses, glancing down pointedly at Zheng Xin's sleeping figure, his pale skin that wasn't covered by the blanket was covered in marks.

"What about Song Chuntao?" Sefu ignores how stalker-y and invasive he was being in order to spit out the questions that had been burning on the top of his tongue, "Why didn't you tell me you went out of the room? Why is Zheng Xin here? Did he fuck you?"

...From the way he said it, it was clear that the last question was the most important one to Sefu this complicated vinegar jar.

Jia Hyson really liked this strange mix of jealousy and respect for personal choice but he really couldn't understand it ah. He wasn't such a M okay? Emotional self-abuse is not his kink unlike Sefu who seems to be unable to live one day without experiencing it.

Jia Hyson: 'You know who Sefu weirdly reminds me of?'

Bebe: 'Who?'

Jia Hyson: 'Snape from Harry Potter.'

Bebe: '...' From Jafar, to an evil spirit, to a Bond villain, to Snape... Sefu is really crossing all the genres of villainy ah. If Bebe didn't know better it would have sent a recommendation for Sefu to be a host for a Villain System.

"Song Chuntao and I decided to just be friends," Jia Hyson explains lazily, "I went out for fun, and you know how sometimes I forget to tell you things. I met Zheng Xin in the elevator and we had some drinks. No he did not fuck me and no, I didn't fuck him."

Well. Not with his dick anyway hehe.

Bebe: 'You're going to have to clean those high heels okay? Or better yet, burn them. Burn them all.'

Jia Hyson: 'I don't know... I'm starting to see the benefits of shoe shopping-"

Waving a slightly appeased but still sour looking Sefu away, Jia Hyson orders food from room service and gently wakes Zheng Xin up. From last night he can infer that Zheng Xin was still very chaste and innocent, it was probably the power of Cinderella's glass slippers that made him impulsively ask Jia Hyson out. He seemed the type of repressed closeted man who was ashamed of his kinks and therefore needed to be treated gently.

Protagonists, supporting leads, villains or strangers, once in his bed they must get the best service!

Bebe: '...If you became a Carnal Desire system host, Bebe would admit you would be number one ah.'

When Zheng Xin woke up he immediately recalled what he had done last night and, just as Jia Hyson had expected, became completely mortified.

It should be said that in the original story Zheng Xin had no partner by his side, and while that could be laziness on the Author God's part, one also could also say that this doomed Zheng Xin to a single dog life. It was quite callous and cruel if one thought about it like that, for the minor supporting characters to have their lives dictated so arbitrarily despite barely making an impact on the story itself.

What was decided easily by the Author God had to be interpreted by heaven and produced into the world. After all, it's not completely realistic to have characters that are completely devoid of sexual desire unless there are reasons for it. Even though Jia Hyson doesn't fully know Zheng Xin's exact situation he still felt confident that he understood the general aspects from the story information about his character and deemed Zheng Xin closeted and repressed due to fear of public opinion and his reputation and such. It's not exactly uncommon unfortunately. Jia Hyson has seen his fair share of these sort of men and though he felt some pity and empathy for their distress he wasn't exactly a bleeding heart ready to help these people out of their cocoons either.

So when Zheng Xin panicked and ran with his tail between his legs, Jia Hyson let him go. Maybe if he was a persona holding a shard of the Bipolar Prince he might have considered exerting some effort but since he isn't, he won't. Still, it was a little bit of a pity, Zheng Xin was surprisingly quite a wild pervert. The use of high heels in their play was not even Jia Hyson's suggestion.

Ah, well, such is life.

However... it really was fate to run into Zheng Xin ah. Even though he has no plans to use the man, Jia Hyson wouldn't say no to an extra card up his sleeve. Jia Hyson couldn't help but chuckle a little.

He wonders if Zheng Jinhai shares similar tastes to his brother.

...

Despite breaking up, Song Chuntao and Jia Hyson went against the odds and still maintained a good friendship. Luckily Jia Hyson had a naturally shameless character that easily came out when he was familiar with people and they also shared the secret of Song Chuntao's honeypot plan, meaning it wouldn't be easy to break their relationship so cleanly. Jia Hyson still texted Song Chuntao and referred her as 'Chu Chu' and Song Chuntao still found time to hang with him, albeit much less now.

Sefu was unsurprisingly not happy.

"Sefu you shouldn't frown so much," Jia Hyson points out as he lays on the older man's stomach, scrolling through his phone to read a potentially interesting story about a gardener shou that has transmigrated to an interstellar world that will try raise interstellar plants and such. The gong of course is some top military general prince. Because of course he is. Honestly Jia Hyson loves this sort of shit but he really would like to see the gong change jobs just once. Like being a space pirate captain. Or an alien military general prince. You know, spice things up a bit. "Me and Chu Chu aren't even dating anymore why are you still being so sulky?"

Sefu who was idly brushing out the tangles of his prince's hair with his fingers while watching television frowns sulkily. His royal kitten was so insightful and yet so oblivious at the same time. Which couple who recently breaks up still treats their ex as kindly as they did before like the prince and that wench does? Even if they aren't having sex they still meet up and even have sleepovers! In some ways they're even more intimate than before!

Sefu firmly believes Song Chuntao is a sly scheming bitch who broke up just because she sensed Farrell's interest diminishing. This sort of hard to get attitude would stir up his kitten's hunting instincts and now Farrell treats her even better than before! He even texts her everyday asking for updates and how she's feeling. His parents and siblings don't even get such good treatment!

In all fairness, Sefu's view was similar to most outsiders' outlook of the relationship. After all, it doesn't matter who broke it off, if they knew the pair had broken up and that big golden thigh was still being held by Song Chuntao, this small businesswoman, everyone's eyes would change and determine Song Chuntao's character was not so simple. Of course their break up wasn't big and their interaction was even warmer than before, which outsider with eyes would assume they were no longer romantically together?

"I dislike that woman," Sefu curtly answers, "she is beneath you my prince."

Jia Hyson smiles brilliantly up at him, dazzling his heterochromatic eyes momentarily. "In your eyes you think everyone is beneath me, tell me Sefu, what sort of person does this prince deserve?"

Sefu thinks for a moment, his calloused hands absentmindedly plaiting Jia Hyson's hair in a manner far more intimate than Jia Hyson had ever been with Song Chuntao. Of course they've been together for so long, so Sefu and Jia Hyson were rather used to this degree of closeness to the point they were a little unaware of exactly how ambiguous they look in this moment.

Finally he answers, voice raspy and deep but filled with emotion, "They must be strong enough to protect my prince, handsome enough to appease my prince's fickle eyes, they must be kind enough to spoil my prince, indulge him the best they can and never fail to make him smile every day. But most of all..." his hand trembles slightly as his eyes flicker with complex emotions, "they must be loyal, to never betray and never hurt my prince." Unlike himself.

He is the most undeserving of his prince and yet... yet he still couldn't help but want to covet and possess what he doesn't deserve.

Jia Hyson tries to ignore the sour feeling inside him as he sees how tormented Sefu looks as he gently caresses him. That stupid bastard, if only he had the courage to confess to him. To tell him the truth. If he did then, then Jia Hyson would, he would...

"Sefu, why can't I help but think you're talking about yourself?" Jia Hyson forces himself to smile, eyes slightly red with emotion, reaching out to lightly touch the scars on the man's face. "You're the one I trust the most, you spoil me even more than my family, you make me smile and," he playfully pats Sefu's scarred cheek with a wink, "You're very easy on the eye in my opinion."

His smile softens and Jia Hyson exposes the raw affection he had been hiding to Sefu, "I could never imagine living this life without you." He confesses softly.

Sefu stares down at him with hot eyes, his heart moved but still troubled. He also softly touches Jia Hyson's face, his skin much smoother than his own as he croaks, "And I too, my prince."

Jia Hyson gazes up at Sefu for a bit longer, expectantly waiting to see if he'll do anything more. After a few more seconds his smile slowly disappeared.

Even though this sort of intimate position of lying together gazing passionately into each other's eyes after saying sweet words was a gentlemanly and extremely romantic looking situation that would have made many young maidens, and even a few men, flush and stutter Jia Hyson still couldn't help but feel...

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, a little disappointed at the man's small courage, what to do?'

Between the personas, Li Guiren and Drake, despite being raised in different genres both share the traits of being romantic, awkward and a little shy, essentially the personification of sweet puppy love. The type to imagine various outlandish fantasies but requires some encouragement to follow through.

Tian Shun and Monroe who were the less exuberant halves compared to the former pair also seemed to share some key traits. They were more calculative, silently loyal and cautious. These two didn't make their moves unless they were fairly sure they wouldn't be rejected or knew they had no chances left in the future.

Since they turned out to all be pieces of the same person then doesn't that mean...

Jia Hyson: '...Did I, perhaps, fall in love with a timid quail?' (_;) As someone who thought they would end up with a domineering lustful older man CEO type with military background and a set of golden thighs this was quite a shock. Really had to re-evaluate himself later.

Bebe: '...' Even though it's a bit of an exaggeration given that Tian Shun tried to bind your soul to his shadow, it is a little true that the personas that pursued him tend to wait for a long, long time holding their feelings in before gathering the courage to do something.

Jia Hyson felt a very complicated. While he felt it was very cute to be a little insecure, bashful and pining, he also greatly enjoyed being relentlessly pursued and obsessed with too. If he didn't have such heavy tastes he wouldn't have encouraged so many stalkers much less would he have dated any in the past.

He sighs, next time maybe he will play a soft, sweet character. Even though his personality hasn't changed much in this world from his original personality, he's still playing an aggressive selfish prince with great power. While there will be some people who will want to inevitably dominate him, there are few with the actual capabilities to, given how high his status is. In this world he is unfortunately the type more likely to pursue and hunt than to be preyed on.

Ah- in the end his original body that gave him the appearance that can allow him to play both timidly shy and fiercely passionate is still the best.  

Jia Hyson really likes variety. In his original world sometimes he would go out and pretend to be a timid university student just coming out of the closet or a rich second generation playboy looking to attract a few high class bees and butterflies to his hotel room in order to change things up a little.

Of course later on he had to restrict this hobby somewhat since his face become too well known. He remembers he once accidentally met an ex-boyfriend and a one night stand at the same time in a charity gala.

The ex-boyfriend had been under the impression Jia Hyson was a sweet overprotected and naive young man that had been sheltered by his family before being cast out after admitting he was gay, and the one night stand thought he was an escort with a sad past. Jia Hyson had to make up a story on the spot about how after he dumped the boyfriend he ended up in some dire straights and became an escort. Then his editor came to drag him away but was mistaken as an abusive client and almost beaten half to death. It was... super awkward. The editor totally quit the next day.

Bebe: '...Bebe hopes the editor sued you.'

A little miffed at Sefu for not confessing and or kissing him at such a perfect moment, Jia Hyson pouts, shoves the idiot out of his face and rolls away from him and off the bed in a huff. Dazed, Sefu takes a moment to realise Jia Hyson was dressing up in some frankly rather slutty clothing and picking out his recently favored glass slippers. "Where are you going?" He asks.

"Out," Jia Hyson shortly answers.

Sefu's expression turns very bad. He would be a fool if he didn't understand what Jia Hyson intended to do when he went 'out'. Since Song Chuntao has broken up with Farrell, he hadn't gone out to play anymore after Zheng Xin so Sefu has let his guard down and gotten a little accustomed to having more time with his kitten again. The feeling of gaining something precious than losing it again... the familiar taste of vinegar filled his mouth.

Jia Hyson glances at Sefu's ugly expression and sneers.

You still won't confess? Then blacken into coal for all he cares ah! Go drown in vinegar! (/)/

...

Zheng Ting was upset.

She had drugged Song Chuntao in order to destroy her reputation but somehow the woman not only escaped her scheme but even managed to snag that top tier goldmaster Prince Farrell. It wasn't fair! She always got everything before, and now it was Zheng Ting's turn!

Zheng Ting was an orphan. Before being adopted by the Zhengs her life hadn't been easy. The welfare center was dirty and cramped and chicken meat was an end of the week special dish if they had all been good. So when she got adopted by this rich family she had been insanely happy. She felt like her life was truly coming around and fate had finally smiled down on her.

She had meat everyday, new clothes and her own room. Even though her new brothers were a little cold, Zheng Ting didn't mind.

Until she did.

Song Chuntao was not family. But she was treated more like family then Zheng Ting. Even though Song Chuntao was already rich, the Zheng's gave her beautiful expensive gifts and showered her with doting. Even eldest brother Zheng Xin would look at her warmly and speak a few good words to her. And Zheng Jinhai... that goes without saying he treated the girl extremely well.

Zheng Ting who experienced the high life realized that compared to Song Chuntao she was more like a pity project to the family. It didn't help that Song Chuntao was smart and learned and similar in age to her, causing many to compare the two despite their different backgrounds. Zheng Ting hated Song Chuntao. Hated that she had the love of her adopted family. Hated that she was born with every good thing Zheng Ting never got. Hated how she was better than her.

But most of all she feared Song Chuntao. Song Chuntao has everything and she still wants more. If she enters the Zheng family who love her so much, who would remember Zheng Ting their little charity case?

Would they stop loving her?

Would she have to leave this life of a rich lady and become a poor little nobody again?

From a young age Zheng Ting held this deep rooted fear and insecurity and jealousy until it warped her psyche into what it is today. She now truly believes that if Song Chuntao is happy then she must be unhappy. Only when Song Chuntao is completely crushed could Zheng Ting be finally free of this constant fear and live in peace.

Maybe because she was still young and naive herself she thought that it would be enough if Song Chuntao could just live in poverty far away from her. Zheng Ting felt that since Song Chuntao still had her loving parents, she was very kind to the person she hated dearly. As long as they're out of sight and out of mind, Zheng Ting would let them go.

But Song Chuntao, that stupid, stupid woman came back.

And now she had the love of Prince Farrell, a man infinitely better than Zheng Jinhai in both status and riches. Not to mention, Zheng Jinhai who she had barely managed to keep in her claws with that engagement she had slowly persuaded the family to do, was now starting to look at his new secretary. When Zheng Jinhai was with Song Chuntao he was so loyal, but with her... even with amnesia it was still difficult for that damn man to look her way.

She stares angrily at her phone, the screen revealing another article detailing this Cinderella romance of Song Chuntao and Prince Farrell.

How come she was struggling so hard but Song Chuntao was having it so easy once more?! It was enough for Zheng Ting's eyes to redden in fierce unbridled jealousy and rage. Why?! Why does all the good things happen to her?!

Suddenly a message notification pops up, attracting her attention.

Pressing on it Zheng Ting realizes it was a photo. Opening it up, her eyes widen in shock before glittering with glee.

It was Prince Farrell! Prince Farrell at a nearby club! Without Song Chuntao!

Zheng Ting smiles derisively. It seems that this Cinderella romance of the century was overly hyped. She should have known someone as boring as Song Chuntao couldn't keep such a wild, charismatic and powerful man's interest for so long. It turns out she was just clinging onto his thighs for status.

Her smile widens.

How good would it be to steal that away?




The club Toxicity was a well known nightclub for young elites who want to party and go wild. It also had an adjoining bar, Poison, next door which was quiet and for more mature elites who want to drink and relax. Jia Hyson who has been around the city for a while was a VIP member of both places and could easily pass through and Zheng Ting, who was a daughter of one of the biggest families around, could also enter just as easily.

Zheng Ting has rushed out in her eagerness to meet the prince but that also meant she had to rush her dressing up process.

Jia Hyson who was drinking and chatting with a decent looking young man in a cozy quieter corner of Toxicity, was suddenly notified by Bebe of Zheng Ting's appearance. When he looked up he was a little shocked.

Zheng Ting was meant to be a white lotus bitch who had a deceivingly sweet face and a slim fairy body. Jia Hyson had briefly seen her usual appearance in a few magazines about the Zhengs and social media since she's a rich second generation small actress with some popularity. He might have seen her on television possibly as well but he's more a reader than a watcher, so he doesn't actually watch that many shows or movies.

Still he knows from the story at the very least what Zheng Ting likes to act like and he's seen photos which enforce that pure white lotus reputation so he was stunned to see Zheng Ting walk toward him in dangerously tall high heels with a sexy and incredibly slutty black tube dress and bright red lipstick.

Jia Hyson is sure that short dress was Versace or something but wow, he if she jumped right now that small flimsy piece of fabric would not be able to cover anything important. Like. Anything.

He wasn't the only one who noticed her of course. This place was for the wealthy young crowd who wants to act rebellious, but not out of control, so there was some modicum of class even in this sort of rave party atmosphere. The waiters and waitresses were in tight tuxedos, the drinks were fun but not with a high alcohol content and even the escorts around the place were especially beautiful and sultry without being on the verge of trashy.

Generally only the nouveau rich children who want to flaunt it will dress loudly in gold, furs, and silk. Technically Zheng Ting could be considered one such child given her status and many other second gen children secretly dislike this little phoenix for flying up to the sky due to luck but she had not dressed so boldly before. Not to this extent anyways. At first glance people would think she was an escort, and one that had wandered out from the streets, not one of the expensive ones hired at Toxicity.

Jia Hyson: '???' What's with this plot development?

The man Jia Hyson was chatting up was a rich generation around the same age group as Zheng Ting and was also surprised. "Oh my god, is that Zheng Ting? Is she crazy?" The second generation looked part disdainful part interested.

"Zheng Ting?" Jia Hyson asks him, "I thought the Zheng family had only sons?"

"Oh they do, but for some reason the Zhengs wanted to go that extra step in their philanthropy and adopt a little orphan girl. That's Zheng Ting. The general consensus is that she's a sweet girl but I hear some unsavory rumors about her being a two-faced bitch and has a lover on the side despite managing to snag an engagement with Zheng Jinhai." The second generation seemed very happy to spill all the gossip. Jia Hyson gazes at him in deep interest with his mesmerizingly golden eyes, exciting him further. "In fact, I heard-"

"Oh no!"

Jia Hyson's reflexes were better than most and almost instinctively he stepped away from the thing falling his way. Zheng Ting genuinely shrieked when she hit the floor, making everyone turn to look at her with puzzled faces. The smarter ones though had already figured out what she was doing and was either smirking or shaking their heads derisively.

The rich second generation that Jia Hyson had been talking to had an especially bad expression look at her. Who couldn't see that he was talking with Prince Farrell right now? Do you think just because you're a Zheng and you're wearing such a skimpy outfit this Laozi will just stand by like soy sauce while you snatch my meal ticket?!

The rich second generation was not from a family as prominent as the Zhengs but he wasn't a soft persimmon either. He was Chen Fei, the beloved second son of the Chen group that holds a lot of weight in the media. Not many would offend him, especially given he specializes in gossip and has many good friends in all sorts of places.

Chen Fei was gay and he was a big fan of Prince Farrell, a literal prince from foreign lands who seemed to live a free life full of scandal and fun. Not only could he play around, the prince was still someone most of the big family heads had to show politeness too. This sort of godly second gen ability of being able to earn respect without working hard was really too domineering in Chen Fei's eyes!

Prince Farrell was his idol and crush and he had been endlessly excited when the prince showed interest in him tonight. While he knew the prince was dating Song Chuntao, Chen Fei only felt a little regret in his heart on not being able to try out the man's famed bedroom skills. What he was really after was a connection! After all if they became good brothers how great would it be?! Even his father and brother will no longer scold him when he goes out to play with the prince!

Dating is so unstable, to hold the thigh better Chen Fei will ignore his desires and try promote a relationship of brotherhood!

Forget Zheng Ting, even if the head of the Zhengs came out to stop tonight from happening he would still fight them! This was his golden ticket! No! This was Willy Wonka himself! He must hug the thigh!

Willy Wonka Jia Hyson: 'No... all I wanted was some kissing and a sloppy blowjob in the bathroom.'

Chocolate Factory Bebe:   '...Please be a little less honest about your intentions.'

Zheng Ting flushes and looks up at Jia Hyson with watery eyes. "I-I'm sorry," she meekly apologizes.

Jia Hyson could see her cleavage from his angle. Not only that, the dress was so short that her kneeling also expose the roundness of her ass as well as the equally as revealing lacy underwear. He wonders if Zheng Ting was into public humiliation or something because this is the sort of embarrassing situation that could really only be planned.

Ah, it's a pity Zheng Ting was a very important character with good cannonfodder settings, if she was a replaceable character in the story Jia Hyson would be very happy to convert her and make her his pet. Those arrogant idiots with high pride but were easily swayed were the absolutely the very best to bully-

Zheng Ting catches the flash of lust in Jia Hyson's golden eyes and inwardly applauds herself. Song Chuntao was such a prude, in order to attract the playboy prince she figured that sexiness was the way to go. And now it seemed her decision was the right one.

"Are you okay young lady?" Jia Hyson smiles blandly as he politely lends a hand to help her out. Interested or not it wouldn't do for rumors to spread that he wasn't gentlemanly.

"I am now," Zheng Ting blushes and smiles, "Thank you sir," her eyes flicker up and down, checking out Jia Hyson's body appreciatively. Prince Farrell looked even better in person.

Jia Hyson raises his eyebrows, feigning surprise, "You don't recognize me?"

Blinking her eyes innocently she looks up at him blankly, "Should I?"

Next to him, Chen Fei snorts as he takes a swig of his drink, "Lying whore," he mutters and Zheng Ting flushes but this time from being caught out.

Hiding his sneer, Jia Hyson merely kept smiling bemusedly. "Well young lady, if you're okay I hope you have a pleasant night." It was a subtle dismissal emphasized further as he turns to Chen Fei without hesitation.

"Wait!" Zheng Ting panics, she had already wore such skimpy clothing, if she fails to catch the prince now she'll become a laughingstock in the circle. "I-I think I hurt my ankle! It hurts to put pressure on it.. may I, may I share a seat with you sir?"

If Chen Fei had the ability he would have strangled Zheng Ting. She even had the gall to completely ignore him! Does she really think as long as she can catch Prince Farrell no one wouldn't talk about what happened here?

Even if she succeeds people will just see her as a slut who throws herself at a man with a girlfriend. And if they don't... hehe well Chen Fei will make them see.

In the end Chen Fei didn't need to do much for rumors to start up. Toxicity was a place filled with people in the circle, even if there was no paparazzi around the area, there were security cameras and phone cameras. It was inevitable the news came out.

Jia Hyson had made sure to show he was uncomfortable with the woman but had messaged Sefu and his guards not to step in and do anything. In the story Song Chuntao didn't suspect her good sister for a long time until suddenly she did when she overheard a secret conversation by chance.

Right now it's been a while since Song Chuntao and he broke up, and Song Chuntao and Zheng Jinhai were already circling around each other like vultures sharing the same prey. At this point Jia Hyson predicts that it will be sooner than later when they finally have sex meaning a large chunk of story has passed. It shouldn't be too early to give a hint that Zheng Ting isn't what she seems.

Song Chuntao still held some typical oblivious female protagonist white lotus attributes especially towards Zheng Ting who she truly believes is a naive sweet girl. Even if her trust in her is shaken it won't break so easily so this was a good opportunity to not only give Zheng Ting a small setback and develop Song Chuntao's character a bit. Chen Fei was an unexpected boon too, a bit bitchy but very informative about various things and useful, not to mention quite handsome. Jia Hyson gave him his contact information before he left.

He may or may not have also earned an enemy in Zheng Ting. She's quite a narrow minded person and may either blame Jia Hyson for not giving her face or she may even just push her grievances onto Song Chuntao given how high Prince Farrell's status is. Either way it really doesn't affect him too much.

What does affect him is a text from Song Chuntao a few weeks later.

When he sees it he immediately puts down everything to call her. "Chu Chu, are you serious?"

"Un, I'm, I'm going to do it tonight."

Jia Hyson smiles brightly, "Well, makes sure to use protection. Safe is sexy and all."

"..Scram!" She curses him embarrassedly but it's clear she's looking forward to tonight greatly. Whether due to her lust or for reasons more pure she was excited and began to chatter enthusiastically about her plans with Zheng Jinhai.

Weighing the pros and cons Jia Hyson decides to pour a bit of cold water into her parade, "You sound more eager for tonight than you ever did when we talked about our plans," He accuses in a joking tone, "I'm a little jealous ah,"

Song Chuntao on the other end goes silent. Probably realizing her excitement was indeed a little too much. Jia Hyson patiently gives her a minute to reflect about her wavering resolve, doubt herself then finally delude herself with a reason like 'I've been waiting for revenge for so long of course I'm excited it's normal' while ignoring the small part of her telling her that she fell in love with the man all over again. These sort of internal struggles don't actually take the split second that stories make them out to be, unless the story specifically says it took a split second they actually take more like, thirty.

Jia Hyson: 'I could've made some instant noodles by the time she finishes thinking ah.'

Bebe: 'Could you?'

Jia Hyson: '...I could've ordered someone to make me instant noodles by the time she finishes thinking.' In this world forget cooking, he barely touched the kettle in the hotel room. Sefu was very thorough in doting on him. If Jia Hyson didn't have his memories of his lives previous to this he could really say that he probably would become so dependent on Sefu he might actually die without him ah.

Bebe: 'There it is.' It's Host was so forgetful, it's already a miracle that it's Host can still function without Sefu, that sly bastard.

Anyway, it was a good moving gaining Song Chuntao's friendship. It wasn't like the author decided to detail the exact date, time and place the amnesia accidents took place, and unless Jia Hyson and Bebe splurged on the OP system skill [Omniscient Reader] which will provide all the intricate details of the story that wasn't put in, they wouldn't be able to know unless they stalked Zheng Jinhai twenty-four seven.

[Omniscient Reader] was the atypical OP skill that is probably what most QT story systems use. Can tell when this event or plot point is happening, can tell who recorded who secretly, and can even tell that this character is currently scheming with that character in this house in that room by which lamp. It won't tell you affection points or anything but for objective detail there was probably nothing you would be wanting for. Bebe also used to have this skill but...

Bebe: 'Host, you promised you wouldn't get angry about it anymore.' 

Jia Hyson: 'Sorry (   ` ) but every time I remember that laser cannon you have, I want to ki- hit you.'

Bebe: '...Were you about to say-'

Jia Hyson: 'Kick. I was about to say kick but I thought it was too harsh and decided on hitting instead ah.'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Why? You think I want to kill you? Do you think I'm that sort of evil unscrupulous person?'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe.'()

Bebe: QAQ

"It's not like that," Song Chuntao finally says and Jia Hyson honestly almost forgot he was talking to her in the first place. "I- it's not like that."

"Sure, sure," He agrees with half-hearted assurance, showing some doubt before sighing, "Just be careful ah. There is no condom that can protect your heart."

Song Chuntao: '...wtf.' Are you trying to turn this drama into a comedy?

However the comment did manage to ease her conflicting feelings a lot. Exasperatedly she chuckles and bids Jia Hyson goodbye.

Jia Hyson hangs up and touches his nose thoughtfully. The first amnesia event... should it continue as it was originally meant to or should it be stopped?

The amnesia event is like this- after sleeping with each other Zheng Jinhai will leave before Song Chuntao wakes up. Somehow Zheng Ting heard about Song Chuntao's confession through the fastest game of telephone ever and also in the same evening overheard from her 'friends' at a party that someone caught sight of the pair entering a hotel room before they arrived to the venue. Zheng Ting gets jealous and threatened by this secretary who managed to seduce Zheng Jinhai under her nose, and so arranges someone to push Song Chuntao onto an oncoming car.

However, because Song Chuntao's persona is fake with no social media accounts, and time was limited, Zheng Ting could only get a picture with both Zheng Jinhai and Song Chuntao in the same frame. Obviously the person hired wasn't sure which person to push because Zheng Ting was vague as fuck due to her currently being at a public gathering of gossipy socialites and just assumed it was Zheng Jinhai because, well, first come, first served ah.

Zheng Jinhai is pushed into the road and gets almost hit by a car but dodges amazingly in the last minute before slipping on a puddle and falling into a wall.

The consequence was that he would forget his most recent memories and no longer recall sleeping with Song Chuntao as well as her confession from that day which had finally triggered their relationship to break through from good acquaintances that were attracted to each other to lovers. This memory loss causes him to act distant but still friendly, confusing and hurting Song Chuntao deeply.

On one hand this is only the second time and the reaction from the readers at this point was still good and it gave Song Chuntao an opportunity to shake off some of her love sickness and firm her wavering resolve for vengeance.

But on the other hand... it was so stupid. So fucking stupid. Like damn, Jia Hyson dislikes this sort of trope that was made specifically to force out a misunderstanding.

Also, wasn't Song Chuntao's honeypot identity his personal secretary? Shouldn't it make sense that she would be alerted to such an important fact for professional reasons if nothing else. A whole day is missing from his memories ah, ignoring the fact he forgot Song Chuntao, or her persona at least, confessed and slept with you, he also forgot everything important he did during the work day!

What if he had made a big decision in the boardroom or something? Or he had some suspicions about subordinate X's behaviour? Like, he didn't, but how would he know? He had amnesia!

Jia Hyson looks over the summary for the scene again before sighing heavily. It really was a mess of coincidences and mistakes. In these sort of stories, the one major thing everyone seems to be constantly missing is communication.

After a few more minutes weighing the pros and cons, Jia Hyson decides to cut off a decent amount of filler in the leads' relationship progress and prevent the amnesia event. For the sake of some extra drama and fun, there should be a second amnesia event in the story but it shouldn't be too serious to really delay the plot. More a lighthearted thing than anything.

He also figures he needn't show his face in order to prevent this event either. It may come off as a bit creepy if he just 'so happened' to be in front of the hotel room the morning after given that Song Chuntao already told him the details. Plus if he appears to save Zheng Jinhai every time it'll definitely be suspicious.

Calling two of his most competent chinese guards over, Jia Hyson instructs them to watch over both Song Chuntao and Zheng Jinhai tomorrow, starting very early in the morning. One of them will disguise themselves as hotel staff and the other will stake out the entrance of the hotel in casual clothing. He emphasises how he doesn't even want the pair to suffer from even a scratch, and yes, Zheng Jinhai is included, in fact he should be more prioritised than Song Chuntao.

"I'm serious here," Jia Hyson stresses to the two, "If Song Chuntao and Zheng Jinhai both trip at the same time you must choose to save Zheng Jinhai. Zheng Jinhai. Okay? Not Song Chuntao. Zheng. Jinhai."

The two guards: '...' We're sorry but is Zheng Jinhai your ex or is Song Chuntao?

Sefu: '...' First he seduced Zheng Xin, then Zheng Ting tried to pursue him and now... is his kitten aiming to complete the full set?

Thinking about it some more, Jia Hyson felt it wasn't enough and calls another guard to specifically watch over Zheng Jinhai as well. Then he went on Weibo and offered everyone 1000 yuan for every puddle they mop up and 500 yuan for every piece of trash they pick up around the hotel that Song Chuntao told him she planned to bring Zheng Jinhai to. However before he sent the post he hesitated before finally changing it to every area around all the hotels in C City- photos required of course.

Jia Hyson: 'Personal guards, mopped up puddles, no random banana peels.. that porcelain doll of a male lead shouldn't slip on anything now right?'

Bebe: 'What if he trips on someone who was looking for garbage thanks to your weibo post?'

Jia Hyson: '...'

Jia Hyson suddenly felt that this was the most high maintenance male lead ever.

...

Zheng Jinhai comes out the morning after with his memory unscathed but there were multiple close calls. First the oncoming car still happened which he dodges nicely. Then he slips, not on a puddle, but just some particularly damp moss on the street. Guard A thankfully catches him before he hit his head, and then blocks a falling wine bottle- courtesy of a domestic dispute on a hotel room balcony- for Zheng Jinhai with his body. This impact of course is pretty damaging so Guard A had to leave with Guard B to the hospital. Guard C, the one who disguised as hotel staff that had been lurking in the lobby, watching over this train wreck ends up having to take over.

It was a good thing he took the initiative too because, seeing that Zheng Jinhai was still both alive and well, the man hired by Zheng Ting makes his move again. Guard C was no soft persimmon and had been watching the man vigilantly since the initial push, and wasted no time playing the good samaritan and tackling the man, subduing him easily. Once the man was knocked unconscious, Zheng Jinhai's driver finally appears and Zheng Jinhai gives Guard C a generous tip for saving his life.

Jia Hyson listens to the report and then gives all three guards a huge bonus and extra vacation days for their troubles, especially to Guard A, because, obviously.

He then calls his female guard Wu Lanfen, "Shadow Zheng Jinhai, I suspect someone's targeting him." Now that he's prevented the first event and Zheng Jinhai has still retained his memories... well the ones he didn't lose the first time anyway, who knows if there was a butterfly effect or not?

Wu Lanfen gives him an odd look but agrees. She was the most professional out of the group so even if she had numerous questions she would restrain herself and just do her job.

The other international guards however, despite all being big men, were gossipy like old grandmothers. When Jia Hyson retires back to his bedroom with Sefu inviting himself in, the guards immediately began to talk amongst themselves. Even the Samotrelian guards joined in, after so many years a strong camaraderie was eventually established and during that time they also learnt how to gossip.

Guard A: "Do you think our prince is trying to snatch Zheng Jinhai in order to win back Song Chuntao?"()

Guard Zezek: "The prince is truly a man with unfathomable means of seduction if that's the case."()

Guard F: "No, A is onto something here, if Farrell seduces Zheng Jinhai on the sly then Song Chuntao might run back to him ah. After all, in terms of sex our little boss is number one!" (^^)

Guard B: "Oh my-  F- if big boss finds out you slept with the small boss-"(/)o

Guard F: "Roll B! I'm straight and still have a will to live! I'm just saying that since I've seen literal celebrities beg the prince to be their sex friends! It's nothing else! Don't make up such dangerous things!" 

Guard C: "I don't know, maybe small boss just wants to taste the man who stole his girl. It's definitely an exotic flavor he's never had before hehe."  

Guard D: "No ah, it's gotta be to achieve a threesome! A threesome!" :. o()o .:

Guard F: "Bah! Shut up D, you damn virgin! All you're ever interested in is threesomes!"  

Guard Bakli: "(^) It's a pity the prince cannot see that his true love is right by his side ah."

Guard Zezek: "()Agreed."

Guard B: "Aiyah- Aiyah- You Samotralians are surprisingly so romantic- (`) But I disagree- It's been so long ah, if they haven't fucked by now they'll probably never do it- (  )"

Guard E: "For the love of god B, stop talking like that it's so creepy." 

Guard B: "That's not what our little boss said last night---"  

Head Guard Sefu: "Oh? And what did he say?"

The group of guards all as one turned to see the scarred big boss staring at them with a faint smile that seemed to full of villainous intentions and again, as one, they scattered like frightened chickens meeting a hungry wolf. It could be said they really were highly trained and had a strong camaraderie to be able to act so quickly in unison. Unfortunately Sefu, as the head guard, held this position for a reason and cornered Guard B who was now as silent as a timid quail.

"Ha ha, b-boss," Guard B weakly laughs, no trace of his flirtatious lilting tone in his voice, "how, how much did you hear?"

Sefu hums softly before repeating, "It's been so long, if they haven't fucked already they will never do it?"

Guard B: '...'

Other guards: 'You're on your own brother.'

Sefu: 'Hehe.'

Guard B: QAQ




Jia Hyson doesn't do much in the story so far. Other than occasionally popping up around Song Chuntao so Zheng Jinhai can confusedly eat vinegar despite having a girlfriend (Song Chuntao's persona) he mostly just attends dinner parties, listens to Song Chuntao's report about her life because he's now essentially her gay best friend and lazes about with Sefu like a fat ricebug. It's not a bad life.

Zheng Ting seems to be more active lately, maybe due to being stimulated by the aftermath of Jia Hyson's rejection and the failure to attack Song Chuntao and almost endangering Zheng Jinhai instead. Zheng Jinhai is totally trying to investigate that by the way but since Zheng Ting also is a close family member to him, he doesn't suspect that some of his people have been bribed by her yet. Still Zheng Ting is feeling the pressure a little.

Song Chuntao and Zheng Ting's relationship has also took a turn. After Jia Hyson told her about Zheng Ting's attempt to seduce him, Song Chuntao, while still holding some doubts subconsciously had distanced herself a little from her. After all, who would feel comfortable knowing a friend may have tried to play mistress with your man? Even if Farrell isn't her man anymore it still counts since Zheng Ting didn't know that.

He almost feels bad for Zheng Ting. After all, originally she was a cannonfodder villain who technically had more success than other such villains in these stories and only really suffered small setbacks until her true face was revealed in the middle of the story. Now... ah well, it doesn't matter.

Sometimes, people just want to see a stupid character get face slapped.

And from what Jia Hyson understands from his guards, Zheng Xin, Zheng Jinhai's super repressed older brother has started to make his appearance in the story which mean he has suspicions about Song Chuntao's secret identity. So he wasn't worried about a lack of drama there.

Zheng Jinhai, this porcelain male lead also encountered and, thanks to his guards, escaped quite a few accidents so far. Maybe because the first amnesia event was screwed up the other events did not necessarily occur in the same order either. Plus there were also new unforeseen events and such. Basically Jia Hyson had moved two more guards on top of Wu Lanfen on protagonist duty in order to safely maintain the male lead's memories.

Wu Lanfen and the two guards suffered greatly during their jobs. They both loathed and feared Zheng Jinhai whose handsome face seemed to somehow have incurred heaven's wrath and was constantly in danger of being hit as punishment for whatever sin he committed. From their easygoing job of hanging around Prince Farrell, traveling the world and having Friday night game nights with the prince and the other guards to being forced to orbit an ex-girlfriend's current boyfriend, the Prince of Misfortune- it was like falling from heaven to hell!

Fortunately for Wu Lanfen, a month after suffering from her new job she was replaced by Guard B. She felt very sorry for him until she heard from the others what happened and immediately became disdainful. Which guard didn't know that their big boss' unrequited love was his sore spot? What an idiot! Peh!

Guard B who is now disdained by the only female guard and the big boss: '...' Regret.jpg

Jia Hyson, completely unaware of the suffering of his subordinates, was reading the latest report from his guards idly.

He felt very relaxed as he drinks a cold mango lassi and snacks on hot chicken salted chips on the sandy beaches of Egypt, smiling satisfactorily. The plot was moving well ah. He really quite likes this request world where he doesn't have to do much, just make some preparations then go lie down to win.

"My prince.. maybe you should cover up a bit more?" Sefu finally couldn't help but say, interrupting his thoughts.

Golden eyes blink up at him with faint bemusement and annoyance. If Jia Hyson really wasn't hyperaware of Sefu thanks to his own feelings for the man he really would doubt this guy is interested in him.

Look at him! Eight pack abs, smooth milky coffee like skin, toned and long legs with barely any hair! All of this was completely exposed as he lay on those lounging beach chairs in an erotic pair of white bikini briefs and a translucent pale white sarong around his waist. The sarong helped give a false sense of modesty somewhat yet at the same time it only serves to illicit a greater desire in the hearts of beasts to ravish.

This man was so repressed! Too repressed! Even Zhang Xin was man enough to eat when a good meal served in glass slippers was presented to him! But Sefu, this damn bastard can sit in the hot summer sun next to the love of his life who's practically naked and still not act on his thirst?! Jia Hyson would be so impressed if he wasn't so furious!

This was a sexy body he personally requested to the system ah! If he hadn't been such a slag and slept around, this gorgeous body really would have been wasted waiting around for his head guard to get it together!

He was even generous enough to not let any men touch his bottom for Sefu's sake. His ass was top quality okay? Plump, good elasticity due to a perfect ratio of fat and muscle, very pleasant to squeeze and be squeezed by.. Such a good ass and yet only fake dicks have had the privilege to taste it so far! It was so cruel! All the gongs of the world are probably crying tears of blood!

Bebe: '...Are you done yet?'   Though Bebe does admit, Sefu's ability to push down his sexual desire was so good despite Jia Hyson's teasing and flaunting, Bebe actually suspected the man may actually have a physiological problem.

En, as expected of the man host likes, really so... abnormal hehe ()

"Aiyah Sefu," Jia Hyson complains grievancely in a spoilt tone, "why should I cover up, who else do I have to show off to other than you ah?"

Indeed, the beach was a private beach. Other than some guards guarding some distance away there really was just Jia Hyson, Sefu and one very persistent seagull. Even though he was a bit of a manslut he wouldn't wear something so shameful like this in public. He wasn't Zheng Ting ah. In private he can do all sorts of sordid things, enjoying his own embarrassment but in public his skin was thinner than tissue paper.

So Sefu in fact has no solid argument to put some clothing on his prince.

However since before, the man had a sly tongue and that skill has not faded away over time. After a moment of thought he coughs, "The sun.. I'm worried that my prince who is no longer used to the constant exposure to the sun may feel uncomfortable later." To most people Sefu's face was villainous and evil, a face with no good intentions, but little do they know, toward Jia Hyson he can make such an honest and sincere looking expression.

It really never failed to make his heart itch, like being gently stroked by a soft paw. Jia Hyson couldn't stop from blushing at the sincere almost puppy-ish look. His favorite cats were either small and fluffy, and his favorite dogs were big and tough like Dobermans. Essentially he really liked the supervillain aesthetic. So seeing Sefu act like such a loyal dog was particularly effective.

Batting his eyelashes, an idea forms. "Then why don't you help protect me from the sun?" He asks teasingly.

"As skilled as I am, I hardly have the capabilities to fend of UV rays my prince," Sefu dryly retorts with a faint smile.

"No.. I meant..." Jia Hyson throws him something which he easily catches. Heterochromatic eyes glance down and his pupils shrink a little as he realizes what he's holding. Sefu looks up at Jia Hyson who was smiling flirtatiously back at him, "Understand?"

Sefu swallows heavily.

Heart thrumming in anticipation, Jia Hyson lays down completely on the beach chair and closes his eyes, feigning nonchalance. Secretly though he's so nervous and excited he had goosebumps. If Sefu doesn't take the opportunity he's really not a man ah!

Finally after some time, a warm rough hand, slick with sunscreen lotion hesitantly covered his wrist. Jia Hyson represses a shiver of excitement and secretly peeks at Sefu. Sefu's scarred profile was focused on his arm as he attentively covered him with the lotion, taking the extra effort to massage it in with his strong calloused fingers.

Jia Hyson bites his lip and tries to make his shaky breathing less noticeable. This was really... too good!

He hates that he didn't think of such a simple to do thing like this sooner!

Jia Hyson: 'To not come up with this basic porn plot- It turns out, I'm more pure than I thought!'  

Bebe: 'No, no that definitely can't be it.' ( ) Zheng Ting could possibly turn out to be pure in a plot twist but Bebe's scum host absolutely cannot!

From one arm to the other arm, then comes the biggest dilemma to Prince Farrell's head guard.

Face, chest or legs?

Face felt very intimate but rubbing his prince's chest was... legs might be okay but if he moves further upwards...

Sefu: '...Is this a trap?'

Unfortunately the bait was too attractive and so Sefu swallows his thoughts down and gently spreads more cream on his prince's face, greedily savoring this free chance to act so presumptuously toward Farrell. To have the opportunity to so affectionately touch his prince's face, feeling the edges of his cheekbones, the softness of his eyebrows, the straightness of his nose. All these things he had never been able to savor with his hands... it was a small yet exhilarating feeling of accomplishment.

He wasn't the only one enjoying the feeling, Jia Hyson hums in contentment and nuzzles into the man's warm hands, enjoying how the roughness of the other's skin lightly scraps against his cheek. Sefu freezes for a moment before pressing his hand toward Jia Hyson's face, a silent acquiescence to the action, spurring Jia Hyson on to boldly rub against it a bit more before lifting his chin up to expose his neck. It was clear what he wanted and Sefu was helpless to oblige.

The cool feeling of lotion being rubbed against his neck with warm calloused hands was really stimulating. Jia Hyson found he couldn't control his breathing, panting lightly as the faintly ticklish yet pleasurable sensation caressed his adam's apple before moving downward to rub firmly against his collar bone.

However even after all this, Sefu still had the gall to act coquettish and shy, focusing on massaging the shoulders with such care before quickly brushing over his chest and retreating.

Jia Hyson: '?!' Even the male protagonist would have to bow to such perfect abs and you dare not caress them?!

Sefu are you the shou protagonist or is he?!  (`) 

Silently he tries to spend a minute imagining Sefu as the bottom in the relationship before rejecting it in his head. Even though he plays both ways, Jia Hyson does prefer bottoming more in the end and was looking forward to his future as a shou. Sefu almost 100% fits his gong aesthetics given he's an older military dandere character with villainous looks and scarring. Face value alone he satisfies Jia Hyson's favorite type more than all the previous personas.

If he suddenly turned out to be a quivering M bottom Jia Hyson probably wouldn't be able to stomach it.

Think about it, the cow you've been raising for x years in order to finally make into a delectable medium rare steak you've been dreaming about is suddenly replaced with a block of tofu. How can anyone feel good?

Opening his eyes like a lion watching a big prey escape, he grabs the retreating hand with his own. Jia Hyson raises his brows discontentedly up at Sefu, "What are you doing?" He complains, "Does Laozi's chest disgust you so? You put so much care into everywhere else so far but you treat my chest like this?"

"This lowly servant," Sefu swallows heavily, his raspy voice deeper and hoarder than before, "this lowly servant wouldn't dare," his eyes were dark and brimming with great torment and lust.

One could probably write a great soliloquy about the emotions in Sefu's eyes. It would definitely spark the beginnings of a great and emotionally moving script. They could call it 'The Unspeakable Yearnings of a Middle Aged Virgin'.

Bebe: '...' What a terrible burn.

"Here," With the excuse of guiding his attendant to properly attend to his duty, Jia Hyson puffs out his chest and drags Sefu's hand across his pectoral muscles firmly. His breathing goes ragged and heavy when the older man's hand swipes against his nipples which have poking outwards expectantly for a while now.

"Mn," He muffles a soft moan but how could Sefu not hear it at such a close range? His own breathing just as heavy as he repeats the action, much more purposeful this time.

"Like this my prince?"

Jia Hyson nods, "Ah, ah yeah," he pants, releasing his grip on Sefu's hand now that he was sure the man was back on track and laid back on his chair to enjoy getting his tofu eaten. "Just, just like that,"

Sefu pants softly as he begins to knead and rub in the lotion over his kitten's gorgeous supple muscles on his chest, especially paying attention to the two pointed dark peaks that were begging to be teased.

He doesn't dare to be audacious enough to pinch or squeeze but fuck does he wants too. Sefu truly felt like he was both in heaven and hell. To have a drop of his long awaited ambrosia yet it was clearly not enough to sate his thirst. If anything it only raked the flames of his desires even higher, urging him to be even greedier.

Guiltily, the pressure of his hands eases a little. His prince trusts him so much to act so spoilt and vulnerable around him and here Sefu is with his perverse lustful thoughts. He's worse than a beast.

Bebe: '...No. Clearly the beast is your precious little prince.' Honestly given the previous personas so far Bebe theorizes that the Royal System Bipolar Prince didn't shatter because he tried to ascend to god hood but because he couldn't take being such a hot gay mess ah.

His host literally is begging to be molested by him and yet this man is still is so far into his angst he really can't tell that his host holds special feelings toward him. How can someone who has a shard, no matter how minuscule, of a Royal System, be such an idiot? Even Drake wasn't such a dunce.

Bebe silently recalls a certain idiotic Overlord and sighs. It really wasn't easy being Bebe.

Then it snaps a photo of the sordid scene and sends it to the System Forum with the caption --Other hosts have to work hard at their jobs, my host is working hard to find a wife, what to do-- this sort of humble brag about how free Bebe is was very common these days. Many systems and their hosts immediately swarm to spit all over it in jealousy or lick the screen.

Meanwhile Sefu started to work on the legs.

Jia Hyson who was more than hot and bothered by now couldn't help but wriggle and spread his legs a little. From his golden eyes dark with lust, his rapid breathing, hardened nipples and, most damning of all, his semi-hard erection barely hiding in his swimwear, he was the picture of eroticism and seduction.

Unfortunately, Sefu was determined not to embarrass his kitten for his adorable physical reaction and was staring pointedly at the ground in an attempt to let his baby keep his dignity.

Jia Hyson who has thrown away all pretenses and dignity: '...' No, seriously, are you the shou protagonist or am I?  (`) 

He wonders if he had to actually shove his hand down his briefs and jerk off in front of Sefu in order for him to get a clue. However he really couldn't make himself debase himself and live with the possibility that Sefu would once again miss the point. Jia Hyson, who was still aroused could only look down at his darling with great dissatisfaction. The only thing that vaguely comforted him was to see that, from the tent in the other's pants, he wasn't the only one feeling frustrated right now.

Throwing his head back he stifles a quiet groan with his hands when Sefu, either accidentally or intentionally, grazes the sensitive head of his cock as he slicks up Jia Hyson's inner thigh. "Sefu..." he pants, "Mnnn.. Sefu, can you, ah, just.."

However Sefu has already stood up, face expressionless as he does his best to look anywhere but his sexy boss who was lying beneath him looking debauched, barely clothed and bronze muscles shining under the sunlight thanks to the sun lotion. "Forgive me your highness, I... have to go to the bathroom."

Before Jia Hyson could even protest, the man had already sped off. He stares at the retreating older man and sighs.

Sefu is definitely going to end up doing the thing most gongs do in stories and forcibly pushing him ah. Of course unlike most gongs in stories, he did have to endure for x years like a champ. Of course, if it was anyone else it would totally be uncool. Fortunately, or unfortunately, Sefu is facing Jia Hyson this slag with incredibly abnormal tastes and a strong penchant for little black box play.

Mean heartedly Jia Hyson actually felt he is really looking forward to when the idiot eventually snaps. First, he'll finally get some relief of his own on his part. Second, once that bastard does pull a radical move, Jia Hyson is going to beat him up both emotionally and physically afterwards then use him as his guilt-ridden sex toy! Hahaha! 

The idea of seeing Sefu tormented and filled with anguish but still unable to control his sexual desires after smashing the cracked pot.. moving between reckless wild sex to timid, gentle doting... Jia Hyson moans and squeezes his erection tightly through his swimsuit, the pain making him feel even better. His eyes bright and predatory, glittering with anticipation.

First let's go back to C City and clean up the plot. If Sefu breaks down he may not have time to oversee the story's progress. He should at least confront the male lead a few times as a good supporting male lead. And bully a few more people before it's time for a reversal and he's the one who'll be bullied from then on.

Just imagining the possible ways Sefu could try and tie him down makes him feel even more impatient to finish the job!

Ah, ah, ah, it's so unfair, he wants to play now!




Lying down on the backseat of a car, using Sefu's lap as a pillow Jia Hyson weakly groans. Even though his physical body is very good his original illness of getting headaches and nausea when stuck in a car for too long still haunts him, albeit to a lesser extent. Due to being stupid and leaving the airport not only at peak hour but also during holiday season, Jia Hyson's carsickness eventually acted up again making him feel quit miserable.

Sefu strokes his head sympathetically but couldn't help but find his kitten's weak and pitiful appearance very cute. "Half an hour more," He rasps.

Jia Hyson weakly groans again, his dissatisfaction clear. What's worse is, with all the pollution in the country these days he couldn't even open the car windows to try get some fresh air as an attempt to alleviate the feeling of constricting stuffiness. He really did feel genuinely unhappy about the situation and burrows his face into Sefu's torso, the faint smell of his body comforting him somewhat.

Finally reaching the hotel Jia Hyson tiredly slinks in only to suddenly have encountered a scene.

Some man and Zheng Ting were arguing in the lobby. It wasn't incredibly loud but it definitely felt like it was going to be if no one stopped them. As Jia Hyson continued to watch with only a vague interest the elevator opens and Song Chuntao in her disguise with Zheng Jinhai came out hand in hand.

Jia Hyson: '...' Is it because I brought the protagonist over so many times this hotel suddenly became a hotspot for story scenes?

The man, Bebe informs Jia Hyson, is one of the suitors Zheng Ting has on the side. Her character is meant to be a fake white lotus and has seduced a few men in order to help her in the story. The most important one is a big hidden boss who she inadvertently saved a while back. Even though she didn't treat that big boss very well, because of that one act of charity he was still very loyal.

Only later on when he revealed his worth did Zheng Ting grab firmly onto his thigh, making the poor man eventually sink down with her.

Of course to not make him too sympathetic a character the Author God made him a ruthless member of the underworld. Drugs. Prostitution. Human trafficking. The Author God literally just listed out a few things to illicit the disgust of the readers and threw it on the man to carry these black pots. If you think too hard about it, it all becomes very tragic.

Jia Hyson felt sorry for the poor bastard but what could he do about it? He was here to fix stories not save lives. And that unfortunate small golden thigh was very important to the plot since it provided Zheng Ting a big comeback and a dramatic final clash.

Of course the man arguing with Zheng Ting in the lobby was not that hidden boss. Just a normal small boss. He most likely found out that Zheng Ting was putting multiple green hats on him or something due to the butterfly effect of the protagonist's actions.

To be perfectly honest, Jia Hyson has to admire people capable of stepping on so many boats at the same time. He doesn't approve cheating obviously, but as a person who couldn't remember their teachers' names until the last month before school ends- that sort of multitasking that required memory, time management and physical fitness... tch, tch, it really was beyond his capabilities.  

Bebe: '...' Thinking about it, it does sound like a lot of work. His lazy host probably was genuinely not capable of it. ()

One can't underestimate his spicy chicken memory. In his original life he literally once forgot he was dating someone. It was a long term distance thing and the other person was busy with work and Jia Hyson didn't have the motivation to text all the time and there was just nothing to talk about... in short he intended to break up with the other but he ended up forgetting to.

The other person ended up requesting a break up over the phone later. It was very amiable. The point was that Jia Hyson almost forgot who that person was after a few weeks despite dating for a month. When the person began their 'It's not you, it's me' speech, he had to hold himself back from blurting out 'Who dis? Wrong number?'

Still. Very amiable break up. Really. Not all his relationships end up with an explosion and people trying to kill him okay? (.)

Anyways, Song Chuntao in her persona Chu Min Song, and Zheng Jinhai of course was drawn to the ensuing scene of Zheng Ting's argument with Mr Green Hat. Jia Hyson looks at the big picture and quickly makes the choice to leave himself out of it. He was too tired to deal with this shit anyway so he does his best to quietly walk to the reception desk.

Unfortunately as a Samotrelian, even a small one, he was larger than most Chinese people. Plus he was dark skinned, had a very good figure and eye-catching thick and long black hair in a ponytail. Added to that was his natural wild attractiveness that exuded sexiness so if the people weren't eating melon seeds around the fight they would be gawking at Jia Hyson.

Eventually Song Chuntao who was a bit more distant and less invested in Zheng Ting also noticed the change in attention and her eyes moved to land on him.

Jia Hyson: 'Ah. Bai Li Wei from the previous world had the curse of a tragic beauty but as Prince Farrell, I am now experiencing the curse of being too fucking sexy for my own good.'  

Bebe: "  Maybe next world we skip the middleman and just curse you then.'

Jia Hyson: '...'   Please don't.

"Prince Farrell?!" Song Chuntao calls out in surprise, and suddenly not only her gaze but even Zheng Ting and Zheng Jinhai's gaze was on his figure now.

Jia Hyson silently curses Song Chuntao, way to be a fucking protagonist who needs to shout out everything when surprised. And in your disguise too.

Hiding his annoyance Jia Hyson pastes on a polite smile and waves to everyone like the royalty he is before immediately walking confidently over to the check in counter with his guards. Sefu shoots a dark glare at Song Chuntao before following.

Song Chuntao: '...' Okay she may have made a mistake in calling her friend out but was that glare necessary? That man was still so full of vinegar ah.

"Min Song? You know him?" Zheng Jinhai's face wasn't very good when he saw Zheng Ting and it grew worse when he saw Prince Farrell. For Zheng Ting, recently his impression of her has started to drop and he held suspicions that she was behind the incident where he got pushed into a car after sleeping with Chun Min Song, and possibly even the car accident that made him lose his memories originally. However she was someone he grew up with so he still felt very complicated in regards to his feelings toward her.

Prince Farrell however he held no personal connection to and could feel as much dislike as he wanted with only some guilt. Over time when he met Song Chuntao coincidentally or due to business he had grown to respect her abilities greatly and actually fond them quite compatible in personality.

However both of them had a significant other, and he truly did like, possibly love, Chu Min Song so he could only feel a little regret and a lot of guilt for these feelings toward Song Chuntao that won't seem to go away. He felt even worse when he couldn't help but see Song Chuntao in ever action of Chu Min Song's.

So his dislike of Farrell was mainly due to pure jealousy. Zheng Jinhai was aware that it was quite childish and unfair given the situation but he couldn't help it. It also didn't help that other than his work ethic, the prince seemed to win against him in almost every other aspect. Looks, money, status... as some who was usually in the position of other people's envy, it was really too frustrating!

Song Chuntao quickly shakes her head with an innocent look, "No, ah, no, it's just that I follow him on Weibo. He's quite funny and his photos are good so I'm a small fan."

Nodding Zheng Jinhai accepts the excuse with only a little discomfort. This was very believable, after all, Prince Farrell's Weibo account wasn't any less than popular than those top tier movie emperors. What made him more bitter was that a lot of people in the Zheng group with big fans. He's fairly sure even caught his big brother Zheng Xin scrolling through Prince Farrell's profile...

He doesn't know why but he doesn't want to know.  

Since Prince Farrell is minding his own business, Zheng Jinhai will do the same. He's still more concerned about Zheng Ting and that oddly familiar man after all.

...

"Soo... how's Zheng Jinhai?" Jia Hyson pushes up his fluorescent yellow-rimmed sunglasses and sips on a tropical mocktail. Song Chuntao sighs and absentmindedly twirls the straw on her own colorful fruity drink.

"I.. I don't know, you know? Sometimes I feel like this was a bad idea," She confesses.

Jia Hyson: '...Well, it was. But it's too late to say that now ah.'

"You totally fell for him again then?" Jia Hyson knowingly raises his eyebrow. "I did tell you this might happen."

"I know, I know!" She groans, "And I tried to tell myself he's no good but he's so sweet and caring just like before- I just!"

Jia Hyson silently sympathizers with her. Even though he's never personally experienced it himself he's seen and read about people having such a pure and long lasting love for one person that could never be fully extinguished no matter what.

Though Jia Hyson was ultimately grief-stricken in regards to Drake and Monroe from the first world, it didn't stop him from falling in love again later on. He wasn't like Song Chuntao who could still hold a strong love for Zheng Jinhai despite everything and was incapable of loving anybody else. Call it cold-hearted but Jia Hyson was glad he wasn't one of those people though. If he was, how tiring would that be given his occupation as a system host?

"Chu Chu... you have to make a choice," Jia Hyson finally says after some thought. Right now he was the main emotional support in her life. Originally it was the two-faced Zheng Ting who she confessed everything to and Zheng Ting 'accidentally' reveals it to Zheng Jinhai causing huge drama. It's not bad given the genre but it's not possible right now. At this point the revised story is more lighthearted than before so Jia Hyson as the supporting male lead has to say some decent things. "You can tell him the truth, or you can continue the plan. Either way it'll hurt him though, but I do recommend the first one if you're really serious on trying again."

"...Is there a third option?"

"Sure there is," Jia Hyson sarcastically replies, rolling his eyes, "Samotrelis is quite remote and since you're my friend I can let you live comfortably in the palace for the rest of your days."

"Be serious!" She reaches over the table to smack him playfully upside the head.

"I am. I could probably convince my parents to make you an honorary princess." Jia Hyson laughs, "I still haven't told them we broke up by the way. So better make your choice soon or I may snatch you away ah."

"You-!" She touches her forehead feigning a headache, "It's been so long now! You still haven't told them?! You unfilial child!"

Jia Hyson shrugs, "When I find a partner I'm interested in being together for a long time I was going to tell them then ah. But if you're planning to get with Zheng Jinhai then I've got to tell them beforehand since that man's pretty high profile."

"...So if I fell for normal person you might have kept the fake relationship up?"

Silently Jia Hyson sips on his drink, eyes looking away.

Song Chuntao ground her teeth, this man was really such a slag! They ended up moving onto different topics but later when she went home she deeply thought about what he said before before making a decision in her heart.

That night, Zheng Jinhai gets a call from Song Chuntao, as Chu Min Song, asking him out for a date to talk. Zheng Jinhai, as a typical domineering CEO protagonist, immediately agrees and clears the schedule for the day after, much to the chagrin of his other subordinates. He does have some concerns about the sudden call so late but he can only swallow his nervousness down and force himself to patiently wait for tomorrow.

Of course this wasn't really Jia Hyson's problem.

"Oh-!" Jia Hyson throws his head back and groans loudly and wantonly in pleasure as he slowly inserts the slicked up object inside him. "Fuck!" He hisses as he pushes it deeper inside himself so it brushes forcefully against his most sensitive spot making his whole body tingle pleasantly. He begins slowly and shallowly thrusting the object inside him, panting and moaning as he lays on his back.

Turning his head to the side, he grins evilly at the small hidden recording device he had fished out thanks to Bebe's help. Edging closer to it, he lets himself give a soft but sultry moan into it. "Please..." he pants out, "deeper... fuck me.. uhn... so, so good..."

Bebe: '...' What a goddamn bastard.

Meanwhile in the room next door Sefu was feeling greatly tormented as his computer spits out his prince's erotic voice in the middle of his moment of self-pleasure.

This normally doesn't happen. It doesn't. Really.

These recording devices are meant to record the audio information into the computer for Sefu to listen back on if needed, something he doesn't do unless in an emergency. Ever since he realized he held deep feelings for his prince and decided to no longer fulfill his duties as a rebel, Sefu had become more respectful of Farrell's privacy. Unless there was a situation that required the devices to be played back, for example to find clues if someone kidnapped the prince in that room etc the recordings were pretty much gathering dust in his computer. Even if he was greatly, greatly, greatly tempted, Sefu really didn't listen to those audio records.

But for some reason, instead of another quiet night, something must have gone wrong in the program and now he had an audio livestream of his kitty in heat at full volume. Worse still, his laptop has glitched and froze, meaning he couldn't stop the recording. Not even turning it off worked.

Listening to Farrell's breathless panting and the faint sounds of something slippery moving in the background... it was more than enough for Sefu's imagination to run wild.

After all, he's seen Farrell naked, he's walked in on Farrell having sex, he's seen his prince flushed and sweating and aroused, he had even touched...

"Mmnnn... daddy please.. nhnn... no..."

Sefu swallows heavily, body burning with excitement and want as he continues to helplessly listen. He wants to cover his ears but even more than that he wants to make it his ringtone and listen to it everyday.

Before he even realized it his hand had subconsciously slipped underneath his clothes and began to slowly stroke at his hardening length, greatly stimulated by the sound of his sexy kitten's mewling voice.

As a man he really felt like he was close to breaking point by now. Sefu truly felt like someone was doing this deliberately.

Jia Hyson: Hehe  

That night it wasn't just the protagonists who had a restless sleep.

...

The next day Jia Hyson woke up early with a pleasant ache in his backside and a great mood. Quickly he takes the recording device that was still laying on his bed and hides it back in it's usual place, stuck on the inside of the bed frame corner. Afterwards his stretches his body languidly and rolls out of bed.

'Bebe, how's Sefu?'

As a system, Bebe could still do basic hacking and surveillance, especially in a basic modern world like this one. Though Jia Hyson usually doesn't ask Bebe to do much with it, that didn't mean Bebe couldn't. After all, despite everything, there was a reason why Bebe got to become a specialized Beta system instead of some of it's other system friends.

Unfortunately it's skills were now used to tease it's host's future beau half to death.

Bebe: '...' Bebe is wasted on this slag.

Still, it obediently answers with only some reluctance, 'Rubbed himself all night, probably slept for only a few hours. He's currently sleeping now.'

Jia Hyson giggles, 'Do you have a video? If you do save it for me okay?'

Bebe immediately deletes all the data from it's memory. 'Sorry, Bebe didn't realize Host would be such a pervert. Bebe forgot to film it.' Bebe deadpans.

Jia Hyson, this technology slag, wasn't suspicious at all and just sighs regretfully, 'Such a shame ah, but that's fine I guess. Next time then, next time,' thinking about Sefu uncontrollably pleasuring himself because of a little voice recording he made.. He licks his lips and he can feel his lower half perk up in interest again despite the workout it went through last night. Mmn, yeah, that's an image he'll use later.

'...What does Host plan to do today?'

Humming happily, Jia Hyson pulls out a bright casual T-shirt and dark ripped jeans to wear. All top brands of course. 'Song Chuntao is planning to reveal her identity. She'll be nervous, Zheng Jinhai will be nervous- it's practically begging the story to add something more to the mix. Like an amnesia event. Just in case I should be around as an added protective measure for Zheng Jinhai's sake.' He mentally explain, 'Bebe, tell me when Chu Chu leaves her apartment for her date and see where's she meeting him.'

'On it!'

Brushing his hair in the mirror and lightly putting some gold eye glitter on, Jia Hyson grins. His face naturally seductive and mischievous. "Good," even his voice was sexy, slightly roughened and hoarse. It was easy to imagine how hard he played a few hours ago. "Now, let's go give Sefu a personal wake up call- "




"My prince..." Sefu sighs, eyes a little dark from lack of sleep and emotional turmoil. It didn't help that his vixen of a kitten burst into his room early in the morning and jumped onto his bed- while he was still sleeping and barely clothed thanks to last night's ahem exercises.

His heterochromatic eyes take in Farrell's childish expression as he spies on a specific couple in the botanical gardens with binoculars and he sighs.

Ah, he really wants to push his kitten down and  his  until he  all over his  and begs for him to stop  him with his fat  with his cute  mouth while he continues to     .

Jia Hyson: '???' (|||) Suddenly felt a chill.

If Jia Hyson bothered to get Bebe to buy a skill that could see a person's blackening he would know that Sefu really was very close to snapping. Sefu was a man who had been raised with a rebel mindset since young, like cultists, it was hard to shake the mentality off ah.

He had been pretty good all these years, his love for his prince breaking him out of this enforced mentality and made him waver from his rebel cause but generally, if he was pushed his first idea would definitely be around the rebellion. Sefu has already been planning what to do about this black pot handed to him since he was a child but now with Jia Hyson's incessant prodding and teasing, he really felt like he couldn't wait any longer.

While his prince was distracted he silently took out his phone and sent a few messages.

Jia Hyson didn't notice, too busy watching over Song Chuntao's date with Zheng Jinhai, and Bebe doesn't have the work ethic to tap into every person's phone and listen to their shit on the off chance it's relevant to it's host. So Bebe was also a little preoccupied tapping into Song Chuntao's phone to help Jia Hyson listen in as well.

After a few minutes more of playing spy, Jia Hyson quickly grows bored of it and turns around to order two more shadow guards to help the protagonist protection squad follow Zheng Jinhai for a bit. It turns out, listening to other people date was not good for his single dog heart ah.

Spitefully he decides to vent on the reason for his single dog status. Staring at Sefu with some contemplation, Jia Hyson decides to push him once again. Like a child who didn't know his limits, he was constantly poking this sleeping bear, waiting to see where the bottom line will be.

After all, usually he doesn't actively pursue his dates and even if he does he doesn't require exerting much effort so he was unused to being so active.

Bebe: 'A thousand single dogs have died from anger.'

The first time he planned to actually confess to someone himself was Drake, and even then he didn't do too much to seduce him. In the second world, his beauty really did all the work for him as well. Jia Hyson had honestly never done so much or lost so much face for anybody else until now, ever. So in retrospect, Sefu was really getting some VIP treatment here.

"Sefu," Jia Hyson orders after a moment's hesitation, lifting his chin up arrogantly and tilting his lips so they curved up with despotic amusement, "kiss me,"

Sefu who had been silently sitting there immediately turned rigid. His black and silver eyes scrutinize Jia Hyson cautiously before glaring at the surrounding guards. The guards who were a short distance away and felt the intense pressure burst into cold sweat.

Guards: 'Motherfucker! We're just standing here doing our job and suddenly our small slag boss unexpectedly decided to tease the big boss so boldly! Won't we be silenced after this??' (QwQ) (QAQ)

Jia Hyson doesn't care though, after so many years being so deeply pampered his already rather abnormal personality had gotten more spoilt and selfish in the process. It's not a big change to his character given he had spent most of the second half of his original life rich and was not afraid to spend it. But between his original rich and his current rich... it really was the gap between heaven and earth.

After all, no matter how amazingly successful he was before as an author, it couldn't be compared to being born with such a big golden spoon in his mouth coupled with his own golden thighs and a golden palace as a birthday gift. In terms of natural resources, his family is probably the richest in the world. In terms of currency... his family is at least top twenty.

Honestly, with his spicy chicken memory, if he hadn't truly suffered in the first world as a person living below the poverty line for a while to the point it's left a shadow in his heart, Jia Hyson legitimately feels he would have completely forgotten how to act humble and transformed completely into a spoilt bastard of a man child.

Jia Hyson's lips turn downwards dissatisfiedly after a few seconds of waiting, "Sefu?"

Bebe: 'Host, what happened to your thin skin?'

Jia Hyson: 'Aiyah, these guards have been with me for so long, I consider them good brothers now. It's fine to do some exhibitionism play.' 

Bebe: '...Sure but as a good brother you really shouldn't be digging such a big pit for them.' With Sefu's pride, he won't allow others apart from Bebe's host to see him made such a fool of. Given the way this story world works they'll probably be given amnesia via beating.

Sefu's eyes drop down submissively, hiding the emotion in his eyes, "My prince, this lowly servant doesn't dare," he rasps.

Jia Hyson clicks his tongue. This relationship chicken game is so frustrating yet at the same time he couldn't help but feel a sense of enjoyment at their mutual suffering and Sefu's emotional torment ah. What to do?

Bebe:   '...Sado-masochistic scum.'

"You don't dare?" Jia Hyson clicks his tongue again, "Tch, this prince orders you, you dare not do as your prince says?" Then, because Jia Hyson suddenly felt that seeking death wasn't enough, he had to deliberately run headfirst to it he uses his mediocre acting skills to give a derisive chuckle like he just had an unbelievable thought, "Hah, it couldn't be that you have feelings for this prince ah? Is that why you're acting like a coquettish maiden?"

Jia Hyson snorts before turning his head to face away and toward the window again, seemingly bored, "I only wanted a kiss since I'm just a little curious, but if you're so against it no need, no need,"

Sefu keeps his head down but clenches his fists tightly. The gap between their identities have somehow never been more obvious with his prince's casual joking. After so long.. he had almost deluded himself to believe that Farrell had viewed him as an equal rather than just a beloved servant.

He had almost forgotten the feeling of wanting to destroy the status quo.

Bebe who was watching the drama play out sighs, 'Host... you're really good at being scum.' Bebe doesn't like victim blaming but when Jia Hyson inevitably gets forced onto the bed and relentlessly bullied... Bebe could confidently say that he was asking for it. Almost literally in fact.

'Hm?' Suddenly Bebe, who was still tapped into the protagonists' phones noticed something, 'Host! The leads are getting cornered by thugs in a nearby alley!'

Jia Hyson perks up at this. He had been waiting for a good time to appear and do a typical supporting lead thing like the 'hero saving the beauty' scene. Wasn't this amnesia event the best time to do it? He was out of his seat and running before his phone rang.

When he picked up his phone, the guards promptly informed him of exactly what Bebe said. Jia Hyson had explicitly told them that if the couple were getting cornered by bullies that he would personally come out to deal with them. This sort of event was the one he had been waiting for, for a long time now ah.

The guards who were caught by surprise but Farrell's unexpected rush took a few seconds to react, Sefu included, before rushing out and following him. Unfortunately for them, Jia Hyson's fighting style focused on improving agility, flexibility, dexterity and endurance in order to make up for his strength and defence so even Sefu could not close the rather wide gap already made.

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe! Bebe! Film me!' It really was too amazing to have a body with such naturally high physical stats, he can even freestyle parkour! Too exciting!

Quickly he reaches the alley with perfect timing, skidding to a stop he sees that Zheng Jinhai had almost finished beating up the thugs and had turned away to check on Song Chuntao, asking concernedly if she was okay. Of course, there was always one guy still left standing, ready to be a bastard and give one last attack- usually with either a metal pipe, a switchblade slash knife or a gun.

However, given this was an amnesia event, originally Zheng Jinhai would of course only realise too late, turning around and subconsciously wrapping his arms around Song Chuntao to protect her while his poor head takes the brunt of the impact.

Honestly it's one of the better events in the story, which is exactly why Jia Hyson wants to insert himself in. After all, as both an actor and a director to this story, who wouldn't want to grab a few cool scenes?

With a wide grin he sprints up, twisting his body so his back faces the two protagonists closing their eyes as they hug each other tightly, and reaches up to block the thug's weapon- metal pipe, tch, typical- with his arm. Jia Hyson winces and his smile turns more wild and ferocious, the thug who landed the blow felt not only shocked but also a little oppressed by the stranger's aura, like facing down a wild beast in human clothing.

"Aiyah," Jia Hyson's eyes light up in delight at how the thug seems to tremble like a frightened quail, all previous bravado gone. "You should really be more careful ah, that sort of hit could've broken something bad." Luckily for his own body's constitution, it would only leave a bruise on his arm at most.

"You-" Came the surprised voice behind him but Jia Hyson momentarily ignores it, taking advantage of the thug's lack of reaction to grab the weapon and throw it aside before giving the guy a powerful kick to the stomach that literally made him fly backwards.

Not bothering to check on the thug he turns around with a lazy but handsome smile before his expression turns to one of pleasant surprise, "It's you ah," Jia Hyson glances at both Song Chuntao and Zheng Jinhai, making it unclear who exactly he was referring to, "What a coincidence! This is, uh, what you chinese call it... the red string of fate?"

Zheng Jinhai's face wasn't great but he swallowed down his pride and bowed his head, "Thank you Prince Farrell for your help," he says gratefully. Behind him Song Chuntao nods in enthusiastic agreement. Jia Hyson winks at her before patting Zheng Jinhai's shoulder in a friendly manner.

"No need, no need," He laughs jovially, "After all, a good friend of Chu Chu's is a good friend of mine right? Especially the handsome ones ah,"

Song Chuntao freezes before shaking her head with an expression of panic, clearly worried Jia Hyson will blurt our her identity before she can confess. Jia Hyson gives her a strange look, acting stupid and making her look even more distressed. He's done this act a few times before so it's not too out of character for him to occasionally be either inept at reading social cues or too lazy to read them. It's clear she needs a push to stimulate her to confess about her secret identity thing instead of taking advantage of the amnesia like in the story which would take up x chapters worth of filler.

Zheng Jinhai, who hasn't been subjected to multiple hits in the head so far in this story, was obviously more observant and intelligent than originally. Immediately he sensed something off with his girlfriend's reaction to the prince's words. However he can't do anything about it in front of Prince Farrell.

Luckily for him, Jia Hyson was only there to grab some screen time and promote the feelings between the pair. After making some ambiguous chit chat and also brushing up a few points of good feelings with Zheng Jinhai by informing him that Song Chuntao and him had broken up and are only friends now due to reasons, he pretends he has a call and leaves.

Sefu and his guards are very tactful and shadow him until he's out of sight from the protagonists before showing themselves. Sefu's expression was almost as ugly as Zheng Jinhai's was when Jia Hyson saved him.

Immediately he reaches out to grab Jia Hyson's injured arm, contrary to how rough he looked, his grip was gentle and careful as he lifts the arm and rolls up his sleeve to reveal the darkening bruise. Hissing out his displeasure Sefu snaps to a nearby guard to get some herbal ointment for Jia Hyson.

"My prince..!" He chocked back his anger at the other's impulsive actions, hating that he can only reprimand but not control the young man.

Jia Hyson laughs carelessly, "It'll heal in a few days, don't worry," to the normal guards they felt this was quite amazing as they felt that if their arms were hit so hard with a metal bar their limbs might've fractured requiring months to get over it. They couldn't help but click their tongues in awe. But to the Samotrelians it was a different story, they had a face full of pain and heartbreak. After all, in Samotrelis, this sort of minor injury can be recovered in less than a day, two at most. The fact that the youngest prince requires more shows how physically weak he was in their eyes. Like a sick baby animal.

International guards: 'Ah, ah, our small boss is our male god! Please let us be your baby!'

Samotrelian guards: 'Ah, ah! The prince is too weak and frail! We must protect baby!'

Sefu, the head of the guards: 'Hehe my kitten is so precocious and easily breakable. I must lock baby up forever.'

Bebe: '...' You are all guards, why are the differences so big?




As time passes the story also progresses. With the help of Jia Hyson, the story has cut off a lot of the fat and has moved much quicker than in the original. Less than a year has passed and Zheng Ting has been kicked out of the Zheng family, Song Chuntao and Zheng Jinhai have an enacted a 'forgive me for lying, forgive me for hurting you, forgive me for the damage Zheng Ting did' thing which resulted in a big display of public affection through very moving gifts, shamelessness and the power of money and now they're together.

Jia Hyson could honestly say, from the bottom of his heart, 'Good for them.'

But also, 'Ugh, living through this shit is almost worse than reading it.'

Playing the gay best friend was tougher than he thought ah.

Jia Hyson did not have many close friends in his original life. His best friend was almost quiet and they were both satisfied with meeting a few times for lunch or watching a movie. For others Jia Hyson only had shallow connections with schoolmates and those he befriended during his university days, acting playful when attention was on him but immediately turning back into a quail once ignored.

He didn't initiate contact or conversation much and had a lot of social anxiety when he was young so he missed out on experiencing a time where he had to stay up and listen to someone talk about their convoluted love life or meet someone who can be a mutual sounding board for relationships and work without any pretexts or sexual tension.

...To be honest, after experiencing it now Jia Hyson didn't think he missed out on much. That shit was exhausting.

Maybe for other people they'll find this platonic dependency with a non-romantic interest very rewarding but Jia Hyson realizes that he honestly could not find any happiness in such a relationship and was really growing a little bored playing besties with Song Chuntao. He prefers hanging around and teasing Sefu more ah. Sefu is quiet and straightforward and the sexual tension felt really, really good. Like bondage good.

Bebe who has been quietly listening to his inner musings suddenly spoke up. 'So. It turns out you're the type of bastard who prefers their hoes over their bros?'

Jia Hyson: '...Bebe who taught you this sort of awful language?'

Bebe: 'Isn't it all thanks to my spicy chicken host?'( )?

Jia Hyson thought about it for a moment before realizing he could not say anything to this.

Anyway, the story was moving nicely, the majority of the amnesia events have passed and Prince Farrell's part of the story was no longer very important. Jia Hyson felt quite satisfied with his work ah.

Unfortunately, just because the story is progressing well, that didn't mean the rest of the world was also going to have a happily ever after.

It started with a simple mistake in shipping and Samotrelis not only lost x tonnes of fresh produce for their client but also had to compensate them with more produce for less money. Then news about child labor in Samotrelis began to crop up. Finally, a case where three workers died in the mine due to poor machinery and equipment.

All sorts of unsavory news was cropping up on Samotrelis online. Nowadays social media was the main form of media people followed and Samotrelis had also followed this trend. Even if there is faked news, with so much of it, people cannot help but believe that at the very least some must be real and their impression of the people leading the country will inevitably drop.

Prince Farrell's reputation has also taken a dive with the messy rumors, and Jia Hyson's playboy lifestyle has been taken out and shined on in an unflattering light. The problem here is he's played with so many types of people that anyone could claim that they slept with him. Suddenly there were accusations of rape, abuse of power, prostitution, home-wrecking, and even pedophillia. Even though many people have spoken out in defense of him, Prince Farrell has inevitably taken a big hit in the eyes of the public.

Many foreign leaders and big shots were also jealous of the utopia Samotrelis flaunts itself to be and also used their powers to help throw more dirt under the table making the situation even messier. It was like if a movie queen who had been adored by many suddenly had rumors of a big sex scandal, those co-stars and lackeys who had always been quick to please her immediately showed their true feelings and spat on her. Even if the scandal was originally false, the spit alone would drown her. Unfortunately for Jia Hyson, if Samotrelis was that movie queen he would be the skin she wears and bears the brunt of a lot of the aftermath from these messy accusations.

Jia Hyson initially thought it was not much and ordered his subordinates in charge of these things to divert and suppress, however as time passed and more and more things cropped up, he found that this small problem had turned into a large one. As the youngest prince and the face of the royal family, he became very busy trying to clean up and do damage control with their clients and allies overseas while he tried to communicate with his increasingly haggard family.

Finally it got to the point where he had to just stop due to all the smearing being done on his character, making his words hold far less weight and his integrity questioned. Now he had no choice but go back home to see what's wrong personally while gnashing his teeth as he side eyes Sefu with great irritation and suspicion.

No matter what the context no one likes people falsely accusing them of a disgusting crime like forcing underage teenagers. Jia Hyson was majorly pissed about that article and had already threatened to sue for slander but these sort of cases are hard to prove but harder to wash off.

Even if the lawsuit is successful in the future, his reputation might still not being able to be washed clean. After all he's known to be promiscuous, rich and his family is now suspected of corruption. It wouldnt be too hard to assume there will be crimes swept under the rug thanks to his money and prestige, especially in a time where many rape crimes too often are.

'I cannot believe this bastard is still planning to go through with the full on rebellion thing!' He silently complains to Bebe, 'Ugh, why can't he just kidnap me and lock me in a small dark room like a normal person?!'

'...Bebe is going to ask you to stop and really think about what you just said. Really think about it. Go ahead. Don't rush. Bebe will wait.'

'Rebel bastard!' Jia Hyson just curses, 'You be nice to him, he wants to rebel. You be mean to him, rebel. Tease him, rebel. Fuck, is the radical mindset so hard to shake off?!' After all, Sefu's issues could be more or less solved through slightly less problematic means. Jia Hyson was really hoping for a kidnapping. Bebe was betting on a faked death. Even blackmailing by using his rebel identity and selling out the rebels he knows in order to marry the youngest prince was a viable option.

Resorting to rebellion before anything else really was the definition of making a mountain of a molehill. It may even be an understatement ah. No one can truly live another's life and no one can truly empathize with them either, however Jia Hyson who felt he had a decent grasp on people's heart really did not understand Sefu's choice.

Unless he had read wrongly from the very beginning and Sefu had never truly dropped his anti-royal mentality, inciting rebellion really was the most troublesome choice to take. Jia Hyson's frown worsens at the thought. It shouldn't be the case right? Was the author god's few words that defined Sefu's existence really such an unshakeable truth of reality?

Jia Hyson trusts Sefu like he trusted the previous personas- to a certain extent. He had dropped his guard in the previous world due to becoming so powerful and subconsciously didn't see his baby wannabe gongs as a threat which resulted in a big yandere backstab courtesy of Tian Shun. Now that he was just a slightly stronger human being and his love interest was written out specifically to rebel and kill him, Jia Hyson naturally would do his best so he wouldn't make such a mistake again.

Unfortunately ah, it's really difficult to be wary after so many years together. Plus, Sefu was 85% his favorite type of gong, and Jia Hyson was always weak to things he liked. On the bright side though he was at least confident Sefu didn't plan to really harm him if nothing else. After all, this wasn't like the supernatural world where you can bind ghosts in your shadows and other such extreme things.

"Sefu..." Jia Hyson leans onto Sefu's broad shoulders with a tired sigh, the past few weeks have been the most work he has probably ever done in this world. Right now they were on a private jet to Samotrelis, given the location it would take a few more hours to reach there. "I don't understand, why is this happening?" He asks with an undercurrent of confusion and worry that isn't exactly faked.

Jia Hyson rather likes his Samotrelian family so he genuinely rather not see them ruined like in the original world. It makes him feel a little guilty about pulling them into this but if one looks at it another way, this would have happened anyway given the problem of the rebels hadn't been sorted out both originally and now.

To be fair, Jia Hyson himself wasn't aware of the rebels identities and could only imply occasionally about the possibility of spies in their palace since his identity wouldn't have been capable of discovering evidence for such a thing in the first place. He also didn't know their true motives after all this time either since the story just implied it was the corruption of the royals that resulted in this reaction. Clearly though the royal family in reality was quite innocent and so doing his part in trying to minimize corruption in Samotrelis seemed to have little impact. Honestly if he didn't actually have Farrell's original memories he too might have suspected his tyrannical reputation was also faked.

Thinking about it some more just made his head hurt and he sighs again.

Sefu looking down at his prince's haggard but still handsome face felt pity and lightly pressed his lips to the top of his head. "This lowly servant is sure the storm will pass soon my prince." He comforts as he ignores his own bitter feelings of guilt welling up.

Jia Hyson: '...' You are the storm though! Fuck off! ()

Biting his lip Jia Hyson looks up at Sefu before tentatively grabbing his arm and hugging it tightly with a lost expression, "But what if it doesn't?" He mutters, "Sefu.. those things online aren't true, someone must be behind this..." He clutches onto Sefu tighter, squeezing those delicious biceps that have tensed up under his touch.

"Whoever these disgusting bastards are that did this shall pay!" He spits out, expression resentful and venomous as his hands grope the disgusting bastard's arm. "I hate them! I will never forgive them! Cowardly scum of the earth!"

Sefu who was emotionally hit multiple times while having his tofu eaten: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Rub, rub, rub, rub, rub,'( )

Bebe: 'Wah, the system shard next to you may belong to the bipolar prince but out of the two of you Bebe's scum host is still the more two-faced one. Applause.gif.'

Arriving back to Samotrelis, the welcome was no longer as warm as Jia Hyson was used to and the atmosphere was tense. Some citizens looked at Jia Hyson strangely and even with some contempt and disgust making him feel quite uncomfortable. He had never gotten caught for the majority of his crimes in his originally life and only suffered minor hits to his reputation that was washed white over time and effort so this was actually the first time he's ever been publicly scorned like this albeit subtly.

Obviously his mood was not good seeing this.

Sefu, sensing Jia Hyson's emotions, hesitated before tentatively touching the back of his hand with his own comfortingly. When Jia Hyson made no move to reject the action, even nudging back with equal gentleness. Sefu tried to hide the small bubble of happiness that inevitably welled up inside him at such a sweet dependent gesture and opportunistically took a mile after an inch by lightly holding his hand as they walked to the palace.

Jia Hyson who was being emotionally hit while having his tofu eaten: '...' Okay, he can admit it. They really were made for each other.

Bebe: throws rice 'You deserve each other, hope you stay together forever-' throws rice 

Jia Hyson: 'The words are clearly so supportive but somehow it sounds like I'm being cursed out.'(_)

By the time they arrived onto the island and finally stepped into the main palace, Jia Hyson was definitely tired both mentally and emotionally.

He felt like the prodigal child who went out to make it big in showbiz only to come back with a debt, a sex scandal and a drug addiction. After all, Samotrelis was still a more closed-off and conservative country than most so there were many citizens dissatisfied with the baby prince moving outside.

Jia Hyson didn't think to much of it till now given he was originally chinese and naturally felt more at home in the area, but right now his identity represents the country. In retrospect, to prefer living in China, a place so different from Samotrelis, to the point he was staying there 80% of the year, was quite unpatriotic for a member of the Royal family. It was no wonder there were some that were unhappy, even blaming his deviancy in the media as a result of living outside too long and mingling with the bad crowd.

An old auntie who used to give candy to him when he was younger even came up to him in order to fiercely scold him for the things he had done. Jia Hyson didn't dare to fight back given the auntie was so old and righteously angry, he could only bite his lip and weakly defend himself while silently seething about which rebel bastard thought up framing him for pedophilia and rape were. Sefu certainly wouldn't have dug such a big pit like that for him but the other rebels wouldn't have that sort of sympathy ah.

The auntie might have slapped him in her angry disappointment if Sefu hadn't stopped her. After that they picked up speed and rushed back to the palace lest anything more like that could be repeated.

It was evening when they arrived, but the palace was oddly quiet. Jia Hyson asked around, after all ruined reputation or not he was still the prince, and all of his family members were gone, trying to put out all the metaphorical fires that had suddenly sprouted up everywhere. When he tried to call them, all of the lines were busy so reluctantly he asked for dinner in his childhood room. He was too tired to go to his personal palace which was about twenty minutes on horseback.

Taking a long relaxing hot shower Jia Hyson comes out I'm a fluffy bathrobe to see Sefu placing down plates of hot dishes onto a nearby table like the world's scariest waiter. The collar of his suit was open and tie, loosely undone exposing the older man's collarbone and producing a bit of sex appeal that Jia Hyson greatly enjoyed. At the very least, Sefu can appease his anger by being eye candy.

"My prince, dinner is ready,"

Jia Hyson smiles tiredly and nods, "Sefu, eat with me." He orders quietly.

"It will be my pleasure," Smiling faintly but expression a little unreadable, Sefu picks up a small bowl filled with fat and juicy curried prawns and passes it to Jia Hyson. Jia Hyson immediately perks up when being presented one of his favorite dishes.

"Ah, you spoil me," He chuckles delightedly before popping a hot, already peeled prawn into his mouth and enjoying the spicy sweet flavor of the dish.

"Because I enjoy spoiling you," Sefu rasps.

Jia Hyson grins impishly as he continues to snack on the prawns and the curry. Like many cultures, Samotrelians usually used their hands to eat traditionally. The curry wasn't very strong in spice and complemented the mild flavor of prawn well, Jia Hyson enjoyed eating this even without rice to accompany the dish. Just eating it made his previously down mood improve tremendously. "Isn't that just because I'm too cute," he winks, feeling playful enough to tease again.

"Mhm," Sefu's smile widens, making his scarred face look a little younger and more dashing. However somehow it put Jia Hyson a little on edge. Licking his fingers he reaches out to grab a nearby glass of water and sipped it nervously. It felt a little like watching a cliche but well directed horror movie. You knew a scare was coming but you couldn't help but get tense and frightened. "Cute like a kitten, it makes this lowly servant want to cage you up."

Kitten Jia Hyson: (' ') 'Mreow???'

"You-" Jia Hyson was a little shocked at how forward he suddenly was. Also kitten?! This prince was a sexy panther! Where was he a soft fluffy baby cat?! Those aesthetics are completely off! "What are-"

Jia Hyson blinks a few times and frowns before rubbing his eyes. "Ah?" He rubs them again but his vision was getting blurrier and his limbs heavier. Using the last of his consciousness he turns dumbfounded to Sefu who was calmly watching him, arms out ready to catch him when he falls. "Se..fu...?"

Then it all goes black.

Sefu holds onto the unconscious body of his beloved, heterochromatic eyes filled with guilt and an obsessive love. Lifting him up Sefu barely makes a noise of complaint despite how heavy the other must be and tremblingly kisses the lips he had been dreaming of for years. "I'm sorry my prince." He hoarsely whispers, "But don't worry. The storm will pass soon."

And you'll never have to see him again.




Warning: Technically dubcon use of drugs etc

'Mnn.. hah... nghnn..." Jia Hyson slowly woke up, feeling overheated and a tingling tight feeling in his lower half. Opening his mouth he realizes he's been panting and moaning softly, mouth a little dry, and his body felt taut and a little uncomfortable but not in an entirely bad way. "Ahn.. mmn... wha-ah, what?"

'Finally!' Came the haggard and impatient voice of Bebe. 'You've been out for hours!' It had to watch Sefu lay his stinky pig trotters all over his spicy chicken host for hours! Fuck! It wasn't a carnal desire system but why does it always feel like it might as well be?!

Jia Hyson had a befuddled expression of 'Who am I? Where am I? What's in my ass?'

The answer to that last question was his most loyal servant's dick.

"My prince," Sefu freezes in fright for a moment as he realizes Farrell has awoken, however just seeing those confused but still lustful golden eyes that were subconsciously crying from the body being over stimulated... it made him even more excited.

Jia Hyson bites his lip as he feels a certain part of his body stretching out a bit more to accommodate a certain stiff object that had grown even bigger inside him. He swallows heavily, heart thrumming in anticipation and restlessness. Taking in the situation he realised his wrists were bound together and chained to his childhood bed. There was also another chain on one of his ankles to the opposite corner of the bed.

It's happening! It's really happening! And so fast too! \( >  < )/

No, wait...

He looks down at his body, his own dick was pointing upwards toward him and his chest was splattered with a lot of cooling translucent liquids. Even though he couldn't see anything he could feel his ass has been used for quite some time and that he's at least experienced a few orgasms to the point his dick felt a little sore and overstimulated.

So. Hadn't most of it already happened? And he.. he actually didn't remember it?

"You... you drugged me?!" Jia Hyson's eyes redden in rage. Shock, despair, and betrayal colored his features making Sefu feel guilt well up inside him. However, Jia Hyson was upset for a reason slightly different to what Sefu thought.

Jia Hyson: 'Wuwuwu I came here thinking we could have some black box confinement non-con play with aphrodisiacs but it turns out the man used date rape drugs!'

Bebe: '..Bebe is almost afraid to ask but how are those equally terrible things considered different in host's perverted eyes?'

Jia Hyson: 'I ended up only being awake in the middle! Didn't get to enjoy the beginning! The all important foreplay! Didn't get to fight and struggle before my rage weakens into lust and tears! So upsetting! That fucking coward!' 

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'I mean isn't that the best thing when playing this game? A man so unwilling yet too drunk on pleasure to say no? Fuck! How hot would that be to if I was that person?! And the real deal too! Not just roleplaying in the bedroom! But a real yandere imprisonment play with a gong that fits my ideal!? And I missed it! I fucking missed it! Coward! Small dicked piece of shit! I- ah!'

His angry monologue was cut off as Sefu thrusted into his already well loved hole, a loud sloppy sound made during the movement. With the feeling of warm liquid inside him and the lack of pain, Jia Hyson now definitely knew that this was not his first round. He groans soft and reluctantly in pleasure as the large and hot thing inside him pushes against his inner walls, stretching him out.

Jia Hyson: '...Okay I take back the small dick comment   but everything else still checks out and I'm still mad.'

Bebe: 'Bebe's concern, like Bebe's love for life, is diminishing by the second.'  

"My prince.." Sefu groans as he watches Jia Hyson's furious yet lust-addled expression greedily.

Between his panting Jia Hyson laughs coldly, his golden eyes mocking and derisive. Even though his character Prince Farrell likes to be lazy and play the fool, that didn't mean he wasn't one. Only an idiot wouldn't take one look at this situation and see this was clearly the case of a traitorous servant defiling the master!

Even though he missed out on the crucial abusive moments at the beginning this was still exciting! So exciting!

The cuffs that chained his wrists together and to the bed were not too constricting, it allowed him some freedom of movement, so Jia Hyson after laughing fiercely attempts to attack Sefu like a cornered beast. Since Sefu was right on top of him, it wasn't too difficult for Jia Hyson to land a hit on him despite being chained. "I am not your prince!" He hisses viciously, "This prince did not raise such a traitorous white eyed wolf!"

Sefu takes the hit like a man, his movements abruptly stilling at the impact with only his head tilted to soften the blow. To be fair given his limited range of motion he didn't hit that hard. Sefu's eyes, one black, one silver look deeply into Jia Hyson's own golden eyes with all sorts of deep emotions that only the author god can probably explain.

As a human being that wasn't telepathic, all Jia Hyson could translate from those eyes was... very complex and a little pained?

Not watery though. No tears.

Jia Hyson: 'Disappointed.jpg, should I have hit him more to really convey how betrayed and hurt I am?'

Bebe: 'Disgusted.jpg' What did Bebe do you deserve such a bastard for a host?

"What are you staring at you rebel bastard?!" Jia Hyson bares his teeth, looking like he couldn't wait to escape and strangle Sefu to death, "Get off me! You, you- mph!!!"

Pushing his bound wrists back down on the bed, above his head, Sefu presses into Jia Hyson and begins to kiss him harsh and fiercely, biting and gnawing his lips like he wished to devour him whole. It was very violent, and from the way he can feel the wetness of blood and the sting of pain, Jia Hyson realizes this damn wild beast had done this violent kissing before while he was unconscious!

...It suddenly occurred to Jia Hyson that Sefu was actually a complete virgin and didn't have a male lead halo that would make him instantly amazing at sex after a few minutes of testing the waters.

Actually, thinking about it now, his asshole didn't seem to hurt at all. Sefu was pretty large and Jia Hyson hadn't played that much down there recently due to all the stress happening so he should've been pretty tight. Forget beginners, even veteran gongs may cause rectal tearing to their shou's ass if they play too rough with too little preparation. Of course this depends on the shou but it's pretty normal to feel some pain. After all, even shitting too much can cause bleeding ah.  

Bebe: '...' Feeling sorry for Sefu who's working hard and yet his host is thinking about shit.

Jia Hyson: 'Who asked the man's kissing skills to be so crude? Laozi should spend this time checking on his body's condition ah. Imprisonment play is always rough-'

However, to Jia Hyson's suprise he doesn't feel much discomfort down there other than it being stretched out a bit too much. Could it be, the reason why Sefu chose date rape drugs was not only to prolong seeing the Jia Hyson's reaction but also to take his time preparing his body without losing face? That was... pft, sort of cute. (,,,,)

Bebe: '...' If that was cute then there was no such thing as unappealing in host's eyes.

Oh wait. There probably wasn't.  

Finally having enough of being ferociously bitten, Jia Hyson head butts Sefu irritatedly before spitting out some blood, "Tch, this prince has never experienced such a harmful kiss! Rabid beast! Fuck! Sefu, get off and take it out of me this instant!" He orders angrily, tears brimming in his eyes again subconsciously from the pain of the kiss.

Sefu seems a little shamed but mainly entranced at how angry and tearful his prince was underneath, the bloody lips awakening a primal desire to mark Farrell more, encouraging him to bite and tear at his flesh and swallow it down bit by bit so his prince could only be his.

Just imagining it made his body heat up after the cold water poured over him from Farrell's harsh words.

Uncontrollably he silently moved his head downwards to lap up the blood off those soft lips before moving his tongue and deepening the action into a much gentler kiss. Since it used far less teeth but far more tongue it was naturally much more pleasant for both parties involved.

Aroused and drunk off the sensation of tasting the inside of his prince's mouth and his hot tongue fighting his own, he slowly begins to move his hips once more causing the body beneath him to tense. With time though Farrell began to uncontrollably move in time with his movements, chasing the pleasure only Sefu could give him. A thrill of possessive satisfaction shoots through Sefu and his thrusting motions speed up. It seems the hours of subduing this body was really showing it's effects now.

Jia Hyson had indeed been subdued. His body was already rather sensitive to who knows how much stimulation after how many hours of being played with and his own personality was greatly weak to pleasurable things. Despite wanting to act out an abusive love story, it barely taken a moment for Jia Hyson to lose himself in excitement and respond in kind.

Bebe: '  What a complete failure of a human being.'

Jia Hyson: '...Wow Bebe. Now other than my lips I'm also bleeding from my heart ah QAQ'

Bebe: '...' Hehe. You say that and yet you're still hard. )

Sefu, who had already smashed a cracked pot, had completely let go of all his repressed inhibitions. This dark fantasy he allowed himself to indulge in has a time limit after all, he didn't want to leave with too many regrets.

With a dark smile he pulls away from Jia Hyson's face, to straighten up his back and focus on fucking his prince's virgin hole. Despite spending hours loosening him up as well as all sorts of other things, Sefu could still feel his cock being tightly hugged by the warm walls, almost sucking him in. "You say you want me to take it out, but who's the one tightly gripping me down there, unable to let me go?" He rasps as he purposely grinds against a particular sensitive spot, making Jia Hyson instinctively gasp and clench.

Flushing and groaning Jia Hyson doesn't forget to glare at Sefu's roguish face and spit out a trembling but humiliated, "S-shameless!"

"This lowly servant is honored," He mocks, both loving and hating the helpless and humiliated appearance of his prince, "After all your highness seems to be greatly enjoying my shamelessness."

"N-no.." came the weak reply but the evidence was there to see. Sefu glances down at Farrell's twitching mess of a cock, drooling pre-cum and begging to be bullied.

And how could Sefu not do his best to serve?

Sefu reaches up to pinch and tease one of Jia Hyson's nipples, rolling and squeezing it under his thumb and forefinger, while his other hand harshly grips the other's shaft, rubbing the satiny wet skin roughly. The roughness of his callouses against the sensitive organ made his kitten below him arch his back, squirming and crying out under the intense stimulation. "S-Sefu, you-! Fuck! Nghn-!"

"Call me..." Sefu's breathing quickens, almost dizzy at how excited he felt, it almost felt unreal having his prince in bed like this. "Call me d- master!"

Jia Hyson's wet eyes stare defiantly up at Sefu, lips trembling as they purse together. However they couldn't stay quiet for long as Sefu began to handle his nipples and cock more vigorously, and his lips helplessly let a string of quiet shaky gasps and moans escape. His dick was really too sensitive, he wanted to squeeze his legs shut to fend off on the onslaught of almost electrifying feedback of pleasure attacking him. Jia Hyson didn't know how many times he had come beforehand but he knew it from the feeling of near overwhelming overstimulation that he really couldn't take direct contact right now. "N-no, mfmnn, Sef-ah! Stop! Too much! Ah, don't! I'll-"

"My prince," Sefu rasps, voice deep and even rougher than usual. He had stilled his hips temporarily, wanting to prolong this experience further. Wanting to indulge even more. Push even harder. His prince was so erotic, so gorgeous in tears, his sexy masculine body twitching and trembling under his touch. "What should you call me?"

Farrell sobs as his body twists and turns, trying to escape from the ruthless pleasure assaulting his body yet it's clear to Sefu that he instinctively craves more, his hips moving by themselves to spear himself deeper on Sefu's erection, cock rubbing into his rough hand despite the pain of overstimulation he must be in. It turns out despite how aggressive Farrell was and how sadistically he trained many men, his prince was actually quite a masochist.

How.. perfect.

"Farrell..." He says warningly as he presses firmly on the wet tip of Farrell's cute cock. For other people, Farrell's length was quite impressive and attractive but in Samotrelis.. Heh.

Jia Hyson: '...' Suddenly felt Sefu was very annoying to look at right now.

"M-master!" Came the reluctant cry, like a mewling kitten as Farrell arches upward and his dick twitches under his calloused fingers, the erect length shaking cutely in his grip as it spurts out a weak amount of ejaculate. Farrell himself looked like a drooling mess, flushed and dazed, covered in his own cum.

It was so wrong. It was awful... And yet that only made his dick even harder.

Even though he had played a lot with Farrell's body before, obviously since Jia Hyson wasn't awake there was less of a response. However it should be said that even though there was less response, the unconscious prince still reacted quite well. It was almost as if his body was trained to greedily take in any pleasure where it could. Against this sort of unexpectedly sensitive body that he had always lusted after which responded so eagerly to his touch, Sefu had lost all control and, like demons and gods were at work, ended up going all the way while his prince was still sleeping, like a beast. Now that he was awake... the urge to completely ruin him had run rampant.

Jia Hyson, who had trained his current erotic body to be extra slutty: 'Oh so it's my fault?'

Bebe, who oversaw all the dirty things it's host did to his body in the pursuit of getting a more enjoyable experience out of sex: '...You don't think so?' Using vibrators on yourself while you were sleeping, occasionally using plugs when going to fancy dinners, teasing yourself for hours with only a feather... Bebe could only watch numbly and silently think- Host is truly both the best S and the best M at the same time. Who needs an abusive gong? Clearly it's host could out-gong them all!

Super S and M Jia Hyson: 'Hehe.'   Okay, it's his fault.

The problems of victim blaming cannot be applied if the victim is Jia Hyson who not only actively courts death but even prepares thoroughly for death by constructing his own coffin, digging his own grave and saving up for the best funeral procedures.

In retrospect, the only one really being abused was Sefu himself. After all he was given multiple green hats, emotionally played with and sexually harassed by his first love that was also his boss who was completely aware of nearly everything. Now that he is at a point of no return, it is safe to say that Sefu will probably always feel guilt and regret for what he's done no matter what.

Bebe thinks about it for a bit before it lights a candle for the most unfortunate gong in the world while said unfortunate gong was finally tasting the bittersweet feeling of deflowering his 'unwilling' love for the first time.

...If Sefu ever found out about his prince's true face he really might die of anger.




When Jia Hyson woke up again his whole body was filled with bite marks, hickeys and muscle aches. At the very least he was cleaned up and there was the smell of medicine in the air meaning Sefu was still the ever considerate man he had been before, appeasing his mood slightly. Everyone appreciates thoughtful aftercare.

Sitting up he also realizes that the chains have been replaced into something that allows enough mobility to walk around his room and even reach the bathroom. Unfortunately his room was truly large, like a small penthouse suite, and is set up in a way that the bathroom was closer to the bedroom than the exit. Not only that, there were no windows and the lock to the metal enforced door even requires a special key that only has three copies.

Jia Hyson had never noticed it before now but his childhood bedroom was really too perfect for keeping a hostage ah.

Not to mention, as Jia Hyson's personal guard, Sefu would of course be even more familiar with all the palace security than he, himself was. To try an escape would really be ludicrous. Jia Hyson puts on an expression of despair as he looks back on these chains, tugging at them listlessly.

'Bebe, are there any surveillance cameras?' He prods mentally.

'Your pervert boyfriend installed approximately 48 cameras in here,' Bebe dully replies. Jia Hyson had a canopy bed when he was younger because... well because he wanted a canopy bed and also it helped protect him during mosquito season. Who knew... it could be used to satisfy Sefu Karamoy's newly awakened desire for voyeurism!

Three small cameras on each pillar that held up the bed canopy! One near the base, one in the middle, one at the top! Then the canopy itself has bugs! Just the bed alone had fifteen hidden cameras!

Then there was sixteen cameras scattered around the bedroom, four for each direction. There was also nine cameras in the walk-in closet. And the bathroom...

Jia Hyson, staring at the hidden camera in front of the toilet: 'To even want to watch me shit...   This really must be true love ah.'

Bebe: 'It's official. Love is dead.'

After relieving himself and taking a hot shower, Jia Hyson dries himself off and wraps his long hair up in a towel before calmly going into his closet to see what Sefu has done there.

'Host, you're acting way too calm in this situation ah,' Bebe reminds him.

Jia Hyson inwardly makes a disgruntled face. He's been kidnapped and played captive quite a few times before with his stalkers and ex-boyfriends, not to this extent of course, but it's enough for Jia Hyson to not feel much unease or panic. The only time he did feel really afraid was when he was about to be burnt to death by cultists as Bai Li Wei in the second world because... fucking obviously.

'I already made a despairing face when I woke and I purposely kept my face neutral afterwards. If the Author God is interested in putting details for the side CP she can just interpret it as Farrell's carefree, fickle personality not letting him drown in depression and negativity ah.' It was hard to constantly maintain a sulky attitude. Besides it's not like his neutral face was a smile full of joy anyway. It should be fine.

Bebe: '...You are so fucking lazy after sex do you know this?'

Jia Hyson: 'Ugh why are you so naggy? What are you, my mum?'

Bebe: 'Heh. () This mother doesn't recognize such a spicy chicken son.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Oh no, now it really does sound like my mum.

Entering the closet he switches on the light and immediately makes a noise of outrage. "Son of a bitch!" He swears, "Where the fuck are my clothes!?"

His closet was practically bare. His Gucci, his Versace, his limited edited Rolex! Fuck his Rolex! That bitch had diamonds imbedded into it!

He isn't a huge fan of shopping but when he does, he meticulously picks out his clothing. Jia Hyson loves maintaining his image, a habit since his original world, and he also loves buying limited edition things just because it's limited edition. Each item of clothing from the colour to the design suits Prince Farrell's appearance near perfectly.

...If Sefu ends up burning them Jia Hyson isn't sure he can fully forgive that.

In fact the only clothing left seem to only belong to one brand.

Victoria's secret.

Lace panties, silk underwear, transluscent teddies, stockings, bustiers, bralettes, camisoles, garter belts, thongs... Jia Hyson maybe owned one or two pairs of the underwear but most if not all of these skimpy pieces of fabric were definitely newly bought. A few were black in colour but most were made in soft, light and pastel colours, filled with either frills or ribbons and all sorts of other extremely feminine designs.

Jia Hyson: '...Careful Sefu, your kinks are showing.'

He felt both disgust and awe at how unrepentantly shameless this was. This was only further heightened as he imagines Sefu watching all of this happen on a computer somewhere, most likely with his dick in his hand. However, even though Jia Hyson felt a bit disgusted, he also was... very excited!

Ah! Ah! Ah! ( >  < ) Shame play was his absolute favourite!

In order not to get hard and ruin his 'I'm an unwilling prisoner who hates what's happening, this is so humiliating,' image, Jia Hyson bites his lip and painfully pinches the flesh of his thighs with his nails. With this 'reluctant and unwilling' appearance, Jia Hyson looks through the assortment of embarrassing clothing before finally picking out the most arguably conservative items- a translucent sarong that he likes to wear on private beaches and white briefs made out of a lace rose pattern.

He doesn't bother even considering the poor excuse for 'tops' for now. As a man he's used to being shirtless in public places and therefore wouldn't feel the intense need to cover that part of himself like he does with his lower half. Certainly not with a silk camisole at least.

Despite that, when he put them on though it inevitably sort of looked like...

Bebe: '...It's like the world's sluttiest wedding dress.'

Jia Hyson: '...'

Jia Hyson looks at himself in the mirror. His skin really makes the white coloring stand out, but in a good way. Actually all of him stands out in a good way. Like, really good. Honestly, if this was a BL fantasy slave story where the dirty slave shou gets owned by the hot gong by pure luck, then he would be the prized slave that had been sold ages ago ah. His vanity sort of wants to accessorize to look even better but that would really ruin the vibe he's trying to set up.

Looking at his body admiringly, Jia Hyson could feel himself getting aroused again. He couldn't help it, he was a pervert and he ordered for a sexy body from the system which was now wearing a rather slutty outfit provided by an ideal gong while being filmed... there was so many buttons being pushed in this situation it was really difficult to pretend he wasn't excited.

After all it's easier to fake a laugh than to stop yourself from laughing.

Jia Hyson sighs, acting is hard.  

'Bebe can arrange for host to join some acting classes when we leave this world.' Bebe offers, 'When host completes three story worlds we'll be unlocking a lot of new functions including Host Improvement Classes.'

'Oh?' Jia Hyson really felt that the system world was already too good, who knew that he still hadn't unlocked all the benefits! Leaving the closet he jumps back into bed, burying his face into the pillows so no one could see his expression. 'What are the most popular classes then?'

'Uh, according to the survey, White Lotus Acting, Guide to Green Tea Bitches, Fantastic Bosses and Where to Find Them, 101 Ways to Abuse Slag Men and Whitening and Blackening: An Art- are the five most popular and well-received classes.'

Kicking his legs lazily, Jia Hyson presses his face further into the pillows to hide his smile and muffle his chuckles as the information pops into his head. His job was so amusing.

'Generally courses are 500p per week, with three classes per week however you can pick which classes specifically you want. For example for Whitening and Blackening: An Art, there is a class focused on the best way to white-wash online, a class on the best tips to find blackmail material on a clean character, and ways to avoid being blackened by your original body's scum family... in short there are twenty-eight classes for this specific course but if some don't apply to your needs then you don't have to waste p on them.' It really was a very thoughtful deal given how most hosts are quite stingy with their p.

Jia Hyson thought so too, recalling his early university days where they re-taught them basic high school biology as if after less than a half year they had forgotten everything!

Well.. to be fair he had really forgotten nearly everything by the time university started but Jia Hyson was still indignant! He hadn't been rich then, and university fees are expensive ah, he wasn't paying X thousand a year to learn about the mitochondria being the powerhouse of the cell. Even though the curriculum was logical, this sort of pick and choose what you like setting really fit the fickle Jia Hyson's tastes much better.

He spends a few minutes scrolling through the courses he can take before reserving a few classes in White Lotus Acting, Film Emperor Tyranny, Mortal Kombat for Beginners and Basic Higher Level Worlds for Noobs. After paying he continues to browse a little bit more until suddenly the sound of heavy footsteps alert him that someone was in the room.

Tensing up, Jia Hyson barely even breathes, acting like if he goes still enough the person would ignore him and leave. However since Sefu wasn't a bear, that obviously didn't work but it did managed to give off the impression of 'This prince doesn't want to even look at you, go away, leave Laozi alone.'

After a moment of hesitation, finally the mattress of the bed dips beside him and Jia Hyson could feel the warm calloused palm of his rebel lover resting on the curve of his lower back. "Farrell... please don't cry.." Sefu rasps, voice filled with pain and guilt.

Jia Hyson: (;)???

Head in the pillows, the muffled noises, kicking the bed... he supposes it does quite look like he was softly crying to an outsider. Not to mention Sefu has great bias toward him thanks to the rose tinted glasses of love.

"I'm not crying," He quickly mumbles as he panic buys a cheap bottle of crocodile tears to apply onto him.

"Of course not, my mistake," Sefu immediately agrees, not wanting to hurt his fragile kitten's ego, especially right after doing 'that' with him. He had read before that the morning after having your first time taken is a very emotionally vulnerable time for the person.

Given the context it would make sense Farrell would of course be especially emotional. He had lost a lot of things in one night, as the person responsible for making him lose all of it, Sefu couldn't bear to let him be stimulated again so soon but at the same time his selfish desires made him unable to leave him for long.

Especially... his eyes darken as his gaze subtly roams down the curve of his prince's spine to the swell of his ass, the translucent fabric covering it doesn't fail to hide the lacy white underwear beneath. It was already hard enough to look at it on the computer but staring directly at such a tempting sight was almost lethal given how Sefu had only very recently tasted this delicacy and the memory had yet to fade. Both his nose and his hands felt very itchy.

However Sefu had good control, if not, how else would he have managed to avoid defiling his prince for so long then? Even though his appetite has been whetted, for the sake of giving Farrell some adjustment time he'll be chaste for another day.

Farrell after a minute finally sits up, rubbing away his tear marks from his face and his reddened eyes, instantly making Sefu feel even more distressed at his pitiful appearance. "Why..." Farrell whispers desolately, "Just why did you... the Abioye family hasn't done anything to you."

"Your family... it's not what you think," Sefu replies hesitantly. He doesn't want to deny his own actions nor justify Farrell's pain but his eloquence was failing to find a way to avoid both.

"Then tell me what you think," Jia Hyson grits his teeth, "Sefu.. we've been together for so long and I, I," He looks down, once again hiding his expression to the older man, "Just. Just tell me why. Make me understand." He begs, then in a softer pleading voice he adds, "I don't want to hate you Sefu. I really don't."

Sefu's heart clenches. How could he lie after that? His kitten's claws were small but they could cut down all his defenses like tissue paper.

"Do you know where I got these scars?" Sefu finally asks after some thought, touching the messed up side of his face absentmindedly.

Jia Hyson: '...Batman?'

Bebe: 'Pfffft.' Must. Not. Laugh.

"No.. I, ah, thought you wouldn't, I mean, you never brought it up and I didn't want..."

Sefu smiles faintly, "I know, my prince has always been tactful of these things, you're the only one who hasn't asked, though a part of me did wish you would have."

"So," Jia Hyson swallows nervously, "your scars.."

"I got them when I was five or six years old," Sefu recounts quietly, "At the time your grandfather was still reigning as the king and it was the height of the rebellion at that period."

Farrell's grandfather was the one who opened the borders of Samotrelis which incited new and provoked old feelings of discontent and unrest around the country which essentially produced a large scale civil war. The island was originally quite xenophobic and they was a bad history with pale skinned invaders in their past which didn't help much.

Farrell's grandfather could have been said to be very forward thinking and able to sense the direction of where the future winds would blow. Unfortunately big changes will always bring conflict. And conflict always ends in bloodshed.

Jia Hyson had already figured out that Sefu's injuries was probably during this violent period of time, it was such a big yet recent part of history after all.

"It's really not very complicated," Sefu chuckles self-deprecatingly, "My family was originally from the Red Lizard Tribe. It's a very small community of only twenty to thirty families that lived very isolated on the edge of a large cliff so we were quite removed from the conflicts of the war. A rebel leader and a few of his trusted men passed by injured and the village took them in. The tribe didn't know they were rebels at the time, they didn't know this act of kindness would ruin them all."

Ah, Jia Hyson could see where this was going.

"Probably with the mentality of, it's better to burn down the field to kill the rat than to let the rat escape, the royal guards who caught the rebels' trail set fire to the village of the Red Lizard Tribe." Sefu's eyes lower, his voice completely emotionless as he recounts the basic points yet it only made other people's heart ache even more, "They burnt up each house and home and guarded the area to make sure no one would escape."

Jia Hyson shudders, his sympathy tripling when he heard that the people there were burnt alive. After all, if you hadn't experienced such a thing yourself it was hard to understand the sheer immensity of pain they had to endure before dying, not to mention the hopeless despair of knowing there were people right outside who could save you but won't. That sort of thing was agonizing and beyond despairing.

"I remember my father was killed by the guards as he pretended to escape in order to distract them for my mother and I. However our home burnt up too fast and my mother who was already injured couldn't take the pain and told me to go on without her. I did." Sefu continues, almost lost in recalling his oldest and most painful memories, "My parents were innocent but in order for the royal family to save face they were branded with the names of traitors and their burnt corpses were not even given the kindness of a proper burial. Instead their flesh was feed to the fishes as part of the celebration."

Jia Hyson winces. Even though Samotrelis has become more modernized now, it was, in the not so faraway past, a very violent warrior country. Things like celebrating and humiliating the corpses of their enemies was a cruel but in a way, needed example to ward off future conflict. Like killing a big beast and sprinkling it's blood around the area to guarantee they wouldn't be attacked in their sleep until the scent wears off.

Still, the law of the jungle wasn't a pretty thing, and no one wanted to be a victim of it.

"In order to avoid the stigma of being a traitor by proxy... I had to join the celebration." Jia Hyson listens uncomfortably. Hearing Sefu's story it made sense for the man to join the rebellion. To have his parents and friends killed so tragically and even having to celebrate it the next day.. not even the Holy Mother can avoid that sort of festering resentment which would easily lead to insanity if untreated.

And not only was it untreated, the wound was purposely stimulated by the victim himself as he refused to let it heal. Sefu talked about how he was picked up by some rebels that had managed to escape alongside a few other unfortunate people like himself. How he was easily coaxed into a life working toward revenge. Everyday he would be told about the newest nefarious thing the royal family had done, even though most were probably not true, Sefu didn't have the heart to care and willingly submerged in these lies with a smile. In retrospect it was amazing Sefu managed to recover at all.

Jia Hyson really felt quite a bit of admiration toward Sefu. If it was him, he probably wouldn't have broken out of his hatred and enforced conditioning for anything ah. People can say love overpowers everything but Jia Hyson says that's complete shit. For this sort of matter, willpower and a strong innate morality or belief is what's important.

The original Farrell was pretty much the epitome of royal scum and his doting family constantly let him off far too easily. Sefu saw this first hand and all his previous intangible notions about the royal family in his mind finally solidified as truth. At that point no matter what he would probably believe the royal family really was as rotten as he had been told and did everything to overthrow them and reveal the truth.

When Jia Hyson took over, that vague concept of an extremely evil corrupt family was shaken. Sefu had been indoctrinated with some very easy to disprove lies. With no living proof of them he couldn't keep the wool over his eyes no matter how much the grief stricken child inside him wanted him to. And so over the years that foundation so painstakingly built up began to crumble.

Of course, it would be a lie to say that mentality was completely destroyed given their current situation but it has definitely wavered a lot or Jia Hyson would be getting gored to death by an octopus right now.

Jia Hyson was very grateful he wasn't getting gored to death by an octopus. He likes octopus. And also he's still a little traumatized of fire since the last world so he really doesn't want to add octopus to the list because he loves hibachi grilled octopus and that would be a weird thing to get triggered over at a Japanese BBQ place.

"I... I don't know what to say Sefu," Jia Hyson admits weakly. After all he couldn't exactly say, 'It sucks my grandpa was such an ass and that you're parents carried a big black burning pot due to being in the wrong place at the wrong time but technically you ruining my family's image, imprisoning them and rping me doesn't really do much given the person you most want to disgrace has probably already reincarnated into a snail or something so boo fucking hoo.'

Bebe: 'Oh, yeah, no, never say that oh my god.'

No matter how true it is, it's not exactly what anyone wants to hear. Also Jia Hyson was totally into last night so he also has no moral legs to stand on. Even if he can be thick-skinned in private and likes to play the 'wronged victim' there is no way he could do it right now ah.

"There's nothing that needs to be said," Sefu sighs, "Now... it's all in the past. What I'm doing now is avenging my parents and my tribe."

There was probably more to it but Jia Hyson generously played along. Showing a distressed expression he grabs Sefu's arm, "But my family! No, my family did wrong you but that was my grandfather's generation! My father and my brothers and sisters have advocated peace and overall the country has flourished after our borders opened right? I, Sefu..." His eyes redden as he forcibly squeezes out some more crocodile tears, "Please, please don't hurt them. I, if you're angry, which, which is fair, it's completely fair, but don't... wuwuwu.."

Bebe: 'You're lucky this guy loves you. Your white lotus acting is really...' It's pretty bad. Not terrible. Passable at least. But it lacked proper desperation and pressure ah. It definitely feels a bit fake and cheesy, a little hard to look at.

Jia Hyson: '...' Ouch. It's a good thing he already booked classes then.

Seeing his kitten crying Sefu couldn't stop himself from hugging his sweet prince tightly, making soft comforting shushing noises and stroking his back comfortingly. Even though he had steeled himself, Sefu couldn't stop the pain of seeing Farrell break down like this, "Shh, shh, my prince don't cry," He says helplessly, "Even though it will be a little difficult, my standing among the rebels is decent." Sefu swallows down the lump of guilt and anticipation stuck in his throat. In truth he had more or less planned for this moment. After all he didn't want Farrell to keep fighting him like last night. Right now, a beautiful lie will be far better than facing the harsh truth.

Licking his lips he tilts up Farrell's chin to reveal his beautiful tear stained face and lightly kisses him, "If, if," his hand trembles, "if you do what I want, then I guarantee your family won't be harmed too badly."

Farrell stares up at Sefu blankly. It was enough to almost make Sefu's taunt nerves snap but finally the usually spoilt prince resolvedly bit his lip and moved up to gently press his lips up against Sefu's own. It was amazing how such a faint touch, as light as butterfly's wings, could make Sefu's heart and soul shake with so much emotion.

"Okay," Farrell whispers faintly, "whatever you want."




"Ah, mn, master!" Jia Hyson cries out as he lifts his hips up before impaling himself back on Sefu's thick dick, nails digging into the scarred rebel's shoulders.

Sefu kisses the crook of his neck, softly groaning in delight at his kitten's assertiveness. "Does it feel good kitten?" He rasps, leaning back against the headboard of the bed to take in the erotic sight.

Jia Hyson nods, "En," he gasps, taking his lover's dick up to the hilt and swaying his hips in order to enjoy the feeling of his insides being rubbed pleasantly while he absentmindedly slides his hands from Sefu's shoulders down to his pectoral muscles. It had to be said, his physical stats really were very good, if it was in any previous body Jia Hyson was sure his legs would have turned into jelly ages ago and he wouldn't be able to stay on the offensive for so long.

Jia Hyson: 'Even though I like the cowboy position, I had never liked leg day at the gym ah.'

Bebe, who was watching movies: 'Shut up, Bai Li Wei is about to reveal himself as the big evil.'

Jia Hyson: '...You're watching a horror movie when I'm having sex? Isn't that a little rude? No, more importantly isn't that the horror movie based on the previous world? You bastard, we promised to watch it together!'

Bebe: 'Well you promised that you would stop fucking Sefu after the fifth round so Bebe guesses we're both fucking liars in this relationship.'

Jia Hyson: '  I want to break up.'

Bebe: 'Hehe go ahead, we break up, you die.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Forget Sefu x Farrell, it's clearly Bebe x Jia Hyson that is the true abusive relationship in this story ah.

"God, Farrell," Sefu groans throatily, completely unaware that his prince is not only half-paying attention to their lovemaking but spending that other half of his concentration begging to get back together with his 'abusive lover,' the wretched mistress Bebe. "You look so good, mn, kiss me kitten, like how I taught you before,"

Right now it had been two weeks in captivity. Jia Hyson had learnt that not only did Sefu like spoiling him and making him wear girly lingerie but he also enjoyed pet play- specifically kitten play. Currently he was wearing some very realistic black cat ear clips in his hair and a very expensive Tiffany dog collar that had a golden heart shaped tag carved with the name 'Princess'.

At the time when he was first presented such an exotic gift Jia Hyson really wanted to know how long exactly had Sefu developed such an interest. Even though it was hypocritical given his own history, Jia Hyson really has to say- he really did not expect that Sefu was such a pervert ah. By the end of his first week stuck here, Jia Hyson had probably more collars and cat-related items than he had underwear.

And there was a lot of underwear.

With flushed cheeks and watery eyes Jia Hyson obediently leans forward and kisses him chastely before licking Sefu's lips like a baby kitten and then giving him another sweet and simple peck. Even though it wasn't a particularly passionate action it was light and sugary and would give both parties a ticklish and shameful feeling that was hard to hate. "Master, wuu... it's embarrassing..."

However how could Sefu who has seen the parade of men and women walk in and out of Jia Hyson's bedroom be fooled by his coquettish act? After days of playing with Farrell he had quickly grasped on to the fact that he actually got more sensitive and aroused the more he was bullied and shamed.

Sefu: 'What a coincidence, it turns out Laozi also likes to bully and shame.' MeaningfulSmile.gif

Bebe: 'Ah. It seems like thirteen days of sex has allowed the gong to evolve and finally grow a spine.' The behavioural ecology of gongs and shous seem to be just as unfathomable and unexplored as the deep sea.

"Mmnn, do you want me to move kitten?" Sefu asks lazily, a lot of his previously servantile attitude had eroded away through the rubbing and grinding of his body against Farrell's and now he held the shining aura of a top overbearing gong. He even stuck his tongue out just as Jia Hyson was about to lick his lips again, dominantly and forcibly entangling them together before deepening the kiss until they were both breathless.

Jia Hyson gasps before nodding.

Sefu leers, using a free hand to massage the elastic meat of his ass, fingers moving to brush against the rim of Jia Hyson's stretched hole and making him shudder. "Beg," Sefu orders.

Jia Hyson moans, gripping his dripping length tightly to ward off his quickly oncoming climax when he heard the humiliating command, "Master please," panting he rolls his hips wantonly on Sefu's lap making the older man's breathing grow even more ragged, "Your kitten wants to be fucked by your big cock master," Jia Hyson murmurs, voice trembling in both embarrassment and arousal at his own shameless words, "Please master, nhm, this slutty kitten wants to taste your milk,"

Bebe: ' _ Oh my god.' This is so much worse than when it's host did naked apron housewife play for Drake in the first world.

Unlike Bebe, Sefu was very into it, practically panting like a dog in summer. "Good boy," he praises hoarsely before pushing Jia Hyson down onto the bed and fucking him thoroughly to the point of incoherence.

Later on Jia Hyson was lazily lying on the couch while scrolling through the contents of an old iPhone.

Sefu was probably the best kidnapper ever. He knew how much Jia Hyson likes to read and more or less understood his tastes so he downloaded a bunch of different web novels and comics to give him to pass the time so even though there was no signal or wi-fi to contact the outside world, his captive would still be fairly comfortable. There were even some games on it that didn't require internet access.

Overall, his time in captivity was more like god tier room service. Nice and relatively spacious room. Working bathroom equipped with state of the art facilities. The shackles around his wrist were padded inside to avoid any chafing or unnecessary pain if he tugged at them too hard. Food quality was still impeccable and snacks were available every day. The sex was amazing and high in both quantity and quality. Good entertainment despite obvious restrictions... Ten out of ten, would totally get kidnapped again.

'Bebe, how's my family ah?' He asks absentmindedly.

'Same as before, everyone but Third Prince Jaleel are under house arrest. Jaleel is... his current whereabouts are unknown but he was spotted two hours ago around the Blue Crocodile Tribe.' Bebe recounts faithfully. Jia Hyson wasn't completely heartless, since he had the power to he would use it to assess whether Sefu was as good as his word about keeping the family safe.

It wasn't that he didn't trust him however with all the garbage on social media and the increased public dissatisfaction toward the family it would be easy for the rebels to do something and get off with minimal consequence. Jia Hyson knows that while Sefu joined the rebels early on due to his parents' greatly tragic deaths, he's also more than aware that not everyone in the group was there for such sincere reasons.

This was a rebellion ah! Overthrowing the monarchy! Obviously there needs to be a top power to replace it! Who doesn't want to be the next emperor?!

Originally it was Sefu the big rebel leader who had a heart wrenching backstory, and top physical and mental capabilities out of them all. If he hadn't softened his heart he probably would have been far more active in his cause and become an unshakable existence in every rebel's hearts.

However since he did soften, so did his position. From what Bebe surmises from it's own counter surveillance, he was high in the ranking but instead of being the leader, was sharing the power with two other people.

From that observation alone one can easily tell that this guy totally slacked off on the job, so even though his abilities were still better than anyone else's in the rebel group, his influence was much more limited. Meaning the chances of sabotage and going against any of Sefu's orders were higher. Especially orders regarding the prolonged safety of their enemies.

Jia Hyson can more or less guess some excuses Sefu must have used to keep his family alive- they should wait until they're blackened beyond repair, it wouldn't look good on the rebel group's reputation, better to keep the family alive and interrogate them for secrets... however excuses can only go so far. It's clear from the increased number of meetings Sefu has to attend the more time passes that the rebels are getting impatient.

He feels a little complicated with this knowledge but at the same time ultimately helpless. Sefu dug this pit himself and Jia Hyson doesn't know if he's digging for treasure or his own grave. There's a limit to imagination and while he has confidence in Sefu's intelligence there is inevitably worry as well.

Sighing, Jia Hyson pushes away his anxiety and forcibly immerses himself into the story he was reading- an interstellar survival game show starring a transmigrated pretty boy idol who had joined by unfortunate chance. After a few minutes he no longer needed to actively ignore his worries and completely forgot about it in the face of a good story.

Bebe: '...' Even though the boyfriend is facing a dissension amongst fellow rebel comrades host can still have the face to be an unrepentant fat ricebug. So amazing. Applause.jpg

However despite ignoring reality, reality unfortunately is not willing to ignore him and before he could finish three chapters the sound of the door opening broke the silence. Surprised, Jia Hyson lifts his head up in faint confusion and a little annoyance. Sefu's meetings usually take quite some time, it was rare for them to be cut short given how whiny the rebels seem to be.

Surprise quickly evolves into shock however as he realizes the visitor was not Sefu.

It was Symon.

Symon, his previous bully, his first slav- ahem first boyfriend, and son of the now ex-head of the royal guard. Honestly, Jia Hyson had more or less forgotten him by now. Only when he occasionally drops by Samotrelis does he think of Symon and that's only to hang out with old friends and have a quick but very intense one night stand with the quivering M.

"Farrell..." Symon whose eyes immediately fell onto Jia Hyson's figure on the couch also showed a complicated look.

Right now Farrell was still wearing his Tiffany collar, the mint green coloring standing vibrantly out from his skin making it difficult not to notice. Other than the collar, all the fallen prince was wearing was some fairly simple cotton briefs with a small but cute green ribbon at the back.

To him, Farrell was a total dominant top despite his smaller stature. Seeing him like this, chained and submissive like a de-clawed lion, it was a little hard. And yet... Symon who had always held Farrell in a special place in his heart couldn't help but give him a second look and swallow heavily, mouth dry. It was a little hot ah.

Still, Symon pushed away the strange feeling to reflect on at a later date, for now he quickly closes the door behind him and walks toward Farrell before dropping down in a respectful kneel. "My prince, this servant is here to see if you, are you..." he hesitates, "You are okay?"

Jia Hyson blinks, then quickly bites his lips and waves the concern off, "Forget about that, what's happening in Samotrelis? How did you manage to sneak in? I thought Ma- Sefu had arranged guards to prevent this prince from escaping."

Symon's expression grew guilty. "I managed to get in because... because my father is one of the rebel leaders." He confesses.

Jia Hyson opened his mouth but no words came out. He was genuinely dumbfounded by this twist. As a previous head of the royal guard, Symon's father was very loyal to the royalist faction. In the original world he stayed loyal to the end and fought against the rebels fiercely. What could have happened to produce such a change?

"Your father? How can this be?" Symon's father had a nearly inhuman body that can fight off bullets! Even if he's quite old now, that sort of physical strength and natural defense was nothing to scoff at. Not to mention one couldn't be stupid when leading an army. No wonder Sefu couldn't break out of the three-way power struggle, if Symon's father was one of the other leaders it was already quite amazing that the balance has been maintained at all.

If possibly Symon's expression became even more guilty. Coughing he refuses to look Jia Hyson in the eye as he mumbles something.

"Pardon?"

Symon coughs again, then embarrassingly repeats in a louder voice, "This, this servant's father probably defected because of this servant's inability." He ducks his head down and fiddles with his hands coquettishly.

Jia Hyson stares at his coy, embarrassed appearance before it finally dawns in him with no small amount of horror.

Fuck! It turns out it's all because Jia Hyson bent Symon!

It would be fine if it ended with just that though since homosexuality was not as discriminated against and Symon had a decent sized family so the lineage wasn't in danger. However Jia Hyson hadn't been satisfied in just bending him, he bent the 1 into a complete 0!

He practically broke Symon down into the quivering M bottom he was today, and because Symon could no longer be so easily satisfied after Jia Hyson threw him away, he had went after many men and word probably spread around that he was a total slut for a fat cock and a spanking. Even the most open-minded parent wouldn't be happy about this okay?

Symon was also the most cherished child of the tribe with the highest potential. It's why he was recommended to be a prince's playmate after all. So what Jia Hyson did was the equivalent of corrupting a straight-A student into a dropout delinquent. The type of delinquent that slept around a lot anyway.

What was worse was, Symon still turned out to be very capable and in terms of combat, natural strength and intelligence he outshone most of the children from the same generation and all of those from his tribe.

Which meant that, in a rather vulgar summarization, the Rhino Tribe's young representative and future leader will be Symon, this trembling M. It was rather disgraceful. And can really all be blamed on Jia Hyson and the royal family.

Jia Hyson: '...' This is the first time I played so hard that I indirectly helped overthrow a country ah.

Bebe: '  Bebe is going to make you an eunuch in the next world, reward world or not.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Fair enough.

Weakly, he looks at Symon and asks, "So, why exactly are you here then?"

Symon immediately reverts from coquettish and shy back to seriousness, "Father and the other rebels- this servant doesn't agree with them. Slandering the royal family who have improved the people's overall living situation and have done their best to purge corruption for the sake of old revenge and greed... needless to say I am not the only one who believes in the royal family." His expression hardens, "Unfortunately the rebels have clearly been planning this for a while and have infiltrated the castle and various tribes too deeply. This servant is ashamed to say with our current strength we can't fight them off but we can attempt a rescue. We have a strong backer and a good leader behind us now, so I ask you to hold on a bit longer my prince."

Jia Hyson absorbs this information quickly and nods expressionlessly, not revealing any of his complex thoughts. "I see, thank you Symon." He closes his eye looking tired, "Really, thank you. Now go, I don't know how long till Sefu comes back."

Symon bows and quickly takes his leave, leaving Jia Hyson to contemplate.




A week later and Jia Hyson was napping out of boredom. Sefu had gotten exponentially busier as the days pass and couldn't visit him often in the daytime anymore. It was incredibly unsatisfying. 

Jia Hyson: 'Wuwuwu I miss my hubby, I miss being hand fed cookies and getting massages after sex!'

Bebe: '...' You spoilt fucking brat. 

You can really see the difference between this world's main lead and Sefu ah. Zheng Jinhai could get amnesia and be unable to go to work for literal months or push off important meetings in favor of brushing up affection with Song Chuntao, and his company would never be too negatively affected. In fact, stocks may even rise due to the aftermath of various faceslapping events the pair will inevitably run into. In comparison, Sefu couldn't even have half a day off unless he wants his power and authority in the group to be completely usurped.

Ah, even Jia Hyson who had been a popular writer, could not afford to slack off for too long lest his editor scold him and his fans throw rocks at his window while sending him letters in blood. He too inevitably felt some envy as well.   The gap between man and protagonist was really too big, it was upsetting just thinking about it. 

While waiting for Sefu, Bebe and he have mainly passed the time either reading, looking through BeBay and watching various reality television shows- a terribly crippling secret addiction they both have developed in the safe space. 

"Fuck, that Susan bitch did not!" Jia Hyson gasps as on screen Susan totally does. 

"Boo!" Bebe calls out, "Honestly why haven't they kicked her out yet?! She's so goddamn useless!" 

"Ugh probably for ratings, I mean look at her," Jia Hyson scoffs before screaming, "No! NO! Fuck! Turn off the motherfucking heat! It's going to boil over!"

"Fuck her! Where's Ray?! Bebe hasn't seen Bebe's male god for ages!"

"Bebe, if your male god hasn't shown up thirty minutes in, your male god probably did mediocre in this round." Jia Hyson points out cruelly, "Whereas my male god Kaleb is as strong as ever hehe!"

"You shut your whore mouth!" 

"Fucking make me!"

One might think that these reactions were a little excessive given what they were watching was this world's equivalent of the Great British Bake-Off mixed with Hell's Kitchen. But if one considers that this was their few forms of entertainment, and they had each initially bet on three contestants as the winners by the tenth episode with the winner getting to choose what Bebe's physical form will be...

"Bebe'll kill you!"

"Hah! I've already died thrice! And I'm not fucking afraid to do it again! Go ahead! Do it! No matter what it's better than watching your male God failing to make a deconstructed lemon meringue tart!" 

"YOU FUCKING BI-"

No it was still rather excessive ah. 

By the time the marathon finished, it was late into the afternoon. The results were that Bebe's male god only made it to the top three but Jia Hyson's didn't even make top five. The ensuing argument about Bebe winning by default and Jia Hyson adamantly defending that the bet is invalid since no one they picked actually won, took an extra half an hour. Jia Hyson, who was panting heavily took a long and angry drink of hot tea he boiled between yelling. 

"Bebe," he sighs, "let's compromise. Why don't we both agree that you're correct and in return... you let me choose your final form."

Bebe: '...' Bebe really wants to know how stupid host thinks Bebe is. 

"No." It coldly declines. 

"Bebe..." Jia Hyson's voice was like of a disappointed father's. However Bebe who has no personal concept of parents is completely unmoved. 

"Bebe will rather die than live in such an unsightly physical form," Bebe spat, even without a face the disdain was so apparent it was dripping off each word. It was a top of the line, super rare Beta system now okay? It must have pride!

Jia Hyson felt his aesthetic senses being disdained and got angrier. "How is it unsightly? Teacup pigs are so cute!" 

Just thinking about it makes his eyes shine. Imagine, holding a small baby piggy that will never grow big like in reality! Not to mention since it's a system body he wouldn't worry about a truck damaging it much less himself, he can pinch and squeeze all he wants without fear! () Plus, Bebe is always such a grumpy system, wouldn't seeing a sassy, angry teacup pig soothe the soul better? 

"Bebe. Will. Rather. Die." 

Teacup pig. Peh. 

Bebe will remember this insult. 

Bebe will remember it well. 

However no matter how adamant Jia Hyson sounds right now, most of his stubbornness and irritation was just a build up of his unease and unhappiness toward Sefu's situation. He has always been fickle, lazy and flighty by nature. Even though he really does think a teacup pig system would be great, on a normal day he would not argue so fiercely for it. But lately Jia Hyson has felt on edge, his whole body feeling anxious and uncomfortable as if it subconsciously knew his happy ricebug life was ending. 

His intuition was soon proved correct.

At the sound of the door unlocking and opening, Jia Hyson instinctively drops everything and jumps onto the bed, lying down with his phone in hand in a manner that still showed off his assets nicely but in a lazy nonchalant way. Most protagonists don't know this but normal people generally are incapable of making actions that are accidentally or naturally sexy unless the person watching them has a specific fetish, sexually repressed, in love with the model in question or has a particularly large brain hole. Ya gots to work for that shit ah.

Unfortunately all his posing was for naught as it was Symon that entered the room.

Well, mostly for naught. Symon at least seemed to enjoy the view. "Y-your highness," he stutters.

Jia Hyson sharply looks up at the man in surprise. He didn't expect Symon and whoever is backing him behind the scenes to work so fast. A large part of him felt even more uneasy. "Symon?" 

At the sound of his name Symon quickly snaps out of his daze, "Quickly your highness, it's time to leave,"

Jia Hyson hesitates. If he left now he wouldn't even get to give Sefu a goodbye. 

But given his character settings... as a person who has been betrayed and captured by the person he trusts and loves, who had been put under house arrest and blackmailed into sex, it wouldn't make sense to stay. 

Even so, he can't help but feel a bad taste in his mouth at his choice. "En," he nods stiffly with a complicated expression, "give a moment to change."

Two days prior Sefu had added a relatively conservative and plain nightgown to the assortment of clothing. Even though it was clearly a woman's nightgown it wasn't too shameful to go out it and it had pockets, which was always a nice addition. 

Slipping it on, Jia Hyson hesitates again before snatching the Tiffany brand Princess collar that Sefu likes so much on him. It's not much of a sign but hopefully Sefu will understand a little that his feelings weren't entirely one-sided. Even then he still felt a little reluctant to just leave in his heart, looking around the room and worrying his lower lip indecisively. If he leaves it would bring a lot of trouble to Sefu, it may even bring calamity onto the remaining royal family who were still imprisoned here. 

Walking out of the closet he sees Symon nervously tapping at his phone. Symon looks up at him and nods satisfactorily, "Good, okay we have to leave now your highness, our leader has confirmed there are people distracting the guards right now and a horse with another member of group is waiting for you once we leave the palace. From there they'll show you where to go after."

Jia Hyson put on a face filled with trepidation and nods solemnly, "Your leader..." he begins cautiously, "who are they? Is it my big brother?" Prince Jaleel is the only one still running wild and he was previously working in Samotrelis' somewhat more primitive equivalent of the CIA. He's craftier than the second prince and has more powerful men then the first prince, if anyone can cobble together a force to fight against the rebels it's him ah.

Symon blinks and frowns a little, "To be honest, I'm not considered trustworthy enough to know given my, ah, father," Well, fair enough there. "But it should be. However we mainly we communicate through burner phones and online on a small microblog, so I can't say if it's the Third Prince or someone else. I heard our backing is foreign and the Third Prince mainly focused on the inner conflicts of Samotrelis so." 

So the Third Prince Jaleel didn't have connections strong enough to get outside help, especially given the fact that most of the countries have taken a wait and see approach. Samotrelis only had recently established mainly business allies in the last decade and hadn't joined any big groups like the United Nations because the politics between leaders during this time was rather fierce and as individuals coming from a bountiful yet rather uneducated land they didn't wish to fall into any schemes and get duped into anything. 

It wasn't a completely fair assessment but the xenophobic mindset has been engraved into their bones for a while now, and the younger generation who are more flexible are currently not old enough to have a strong say in such matters leading to this rather unique situation. And Jia Hyson, this spicy chicken transmigrator, didn't know shit about politics and so he never bothered to try convince his father and his advisors otherwise. 

Bebe: 'Tell Bebe the truth, you don't vote do you?'

Jia Hyson: 'As an upstanding and law abiding citizen, of course I do!' Of course whether he knows who he voted for is a completely different matter.  

Bebe: '...Are you the type who just picks the best sounding name out of the group?' 

Jia Hyson: 'No, ah. First I pick the party that I sort of recognise that goes with my views, then I pick the best sounding name. If I forget what the party values are then I pick a small party to vote for and hope my part in the grand scheme of things was negligible.'

Bebe: '...' Very good. Will ask Overseer to blacklist any stories that are too political in the future for fear of host's ignorance.

Anyway this meant the chance of Jaleel being the big leader behind this was somewhat lowered. Jia Hyson bites the inside of his cheek anxiously, he already didn't want to leave Sefu and now knowing he didn't know the anti-rebel leader's identity made him want to leave even less. What if it's all a big trap? Symon is smart but he's still fairly inexperienced, it isn't hard to believe he got duped in a big scheme to faceslap Sefu. 

After all, unlike his other family members also imprisoned in the palace, Prince Farrell was physically weaker, was a little rusty in his combat skills and had a very recognisable appearance that was currently quite hated. Objectively speaking, isn't he both the worst person to rescue and most affordable person to let escape? 

If it is a big scheme then him leaving will not only make Sefu's previous insistences of maintaining house arrest for the royal family a huge joke, it will lower his prestige and trust with the rebels as well as incite them to possibly do something quick, drastic and fatal to the royalty. Worst case scenario, Jia Hyson ends up being recaptured and killed. The Abioye family is also killed. Sefu is deemed a traitor and killed. Symon.. possibly also killed as well, it depends on if his father is willing to save him.

Unfortunately the cracked pot was already smashed. Symon was already here with the getaway horse and a diversion. The castle will probably realise something is afoot quickly. If he backed out now it would also only serve to just be detrimental to everyone all around.

...Ah, really want to go back to arguing about the teacup pig thing and watching people cook and suffer for no money. Such simpler times.

With an ugly expression Jia Hyson let's himself be smuggled out of the castle and is led by another anti-rebel to a helicopter. As they begin to ascend he could see the castle in the distance as the sky quickly darkens into night. Jia Hyson has no idea what sort of distraction they used but from the dark smoke coming out behind the palace, he could safely assume fire was somewhat involved. 

Jia Hyson watches silently as the castle, and then the island itself slowly shrinks away. Feeling suddenly quite exhausted he closes his eyes to sleep, hoping that the uneasy guilty feeling in his chest could subside once he wakes up.

It didn't. But it was temporarily pushed aside in favor of pleasant surprise as he wakes up in a somewhat familiar room and smells the much more familiar scent of fried rice in the air. 'Bebe where am I?'

'Host is currently in one of the male lead's apartments.' Bebe replies, 'It seems the big backer to your breakout was Song Chuntao and her boyfriend.' 

Jia Hyson raises an eyebrow and takes a look around again. He had almost forgot the number one rule of protagonists- if something big's happening, the main characters must be related to it in some manner. He had subconsciously ignored them since this wasn't a part of their plot but now that he's associated closely with Song Chuntao he must've caught some of her halo.

Bebe: 'Can you, can you not make the all powerful protagonist halo sound like some STD?'

All of a sudden it clicks and he remembers why he faintly recognises this place. "Aiyah that's right! Didn't I sleep with someone here?" 

Bebe: '...' Given how much host is such a slag it's statistically probable.  

After going through it's memory banks Bebe also recalled the event, it's tone becomes incredibly disgusted as he reminds Jia Hyson of the details, 'You were interested in buying this apartment around seventeen months ago but ended up fucking not only the real estate agent but also the security guard, the maintenance guy, one of the maids and another interested buyer. In the end you didn't buy the apartment. Coincidentally the male lead took interest in it afterwards.' 

Jia Hyson: '...' Ah now he remembers hehe.  

"Farrell!" Song Chuntao who had entered the room with a tray of food in hand immediately drops the tray to a nearby table and rushes toward him. 

"Chu Chu?" Jia Hyson stares at her in a daze, acting completely unaware of his newfound knowledge, "What are you-"

"Oh Farrell! Why the hell didn't you- is it true Sefu- are you okay?" Her eyes are wide and filled with worry and complexity, moving Jia Hyson. 

With a faint smile, he gently touches her head, "En, I..." however he had to pause, unable to say what he was going to say in good conscience. Both as Farrell and as himself, he really couldn't just say he was alright right now. Deftly he changes the subject. "How did you manage to get in contact with Samotrelis?" 

Song Chuntao's eyes flicker, a flash of distress through his face before she swiftly puts back on a smile. Silently she curses those rebel dogs. Clearly her best friend must have suffered unspeakable things! Ah, ah, never mind, best not bring it up again until Farrell wishes to talk about it lest she hurt him even more. 

"Honestly, it wasn't me nor Zheng Jinhai," She confesses, "Not for lack of trying of course," She adds, because damn did she try, "but Samotrelis was really reclusive during these times and usually you're the direct link between the outside world and the heart of the island. If we hadn't gotten an anonymous message..." 

Jia Hyson blinks, "You mean you aren't a leader behind the anti-rebellion?" Once he realised they were backing the operation he had more or less assumed that, given they were protagonists, would have an active role in it. Thinking about their qualifications and the fact they were main characters... it wouldn't be so out of the realm of possibility to think they managed to use their connections, intelligence and money to contact Prince Jaleel and plan out the rescue.

Song Chuntao blinks back at him, evidently a little confused herself, "Dammit Farrell, I'm a businesswoman, not a politician." She huffs, "Even the Zheng group can't casually bring out soldiers and mercenaries to help prevent the end of some other country's monarchy, honestly how hardcore do you think I am?" 

Jia Hyson, who had already imagined 80-90% of the story of Song Chuntao and Zheng Jinhai plans to stop the rebellion in his head: '...Oh. A little embarrassed.'

"In fairness," Jia Hyson laughs awkwardly, "Given you honeypotted your ex while running your own company, you're pretty hardcore ah," After a moment of self-reflection, he thinks of another thing and squints doubtfully at her. "Wait, then you just gave a complete strange a helicopter and financial aid?" 

Song Chuntao stares unimpressed by him. "...Farrell, you're complaining an awful lot given that it all worked out."

Jia Hyson raises his hands in a posture of surrender which appeases Song Chuntao somewhat.

"So," he says mildly, "What happens next?"

Song Chuntao's faux angry expression softens into sympathy and determination, "Right now a big counterattack online will occur while the rebels are still trying to get over the blow of losing a prince right under their noses. The anti-rebel leader has told us to focus predominantly on that for now while he focuses on attacking on his side while the rebels are currently suspicious and vulnerable. You don't need to do anything currently until your public image has been sufficiently washed white enough."

Jia Hyson takes in the information seriously and silently asks if Bebe could figure out who this leader it. It had to be someone he knew, even as a familiar acquaintance, the third prince is still the most likely suspect but the fact he's keeping his identity hidden doesn't make sense since he's one, already on the run anyway so it's not like telling people who they are could make him any less wanted by the rebels, and two, it would be much easier to bring in allies. 

Of course, being anonymous has it's advantages too but he personally thinks they wouldn't necessarily outweigh the limitations given. 

However Bebe could only shamefully admit that it didn't know. Whoever is the leader was very cautious and off the grid. The phones he used for communication were old, and the computer he used has the camera function disabled and covered with duck tape. Bebe couldn't take a peek through the technology being used and triangulating the area it came from didn't really help narrow things down either. Basically it all boils down to Bebe not being rich enough to afford the more OP system functions and that fucking goddamn laser cannon.

Haha. ( ` ) It always boils down to that in the end somehow.

Bebe: '...' Sensing danger from host, may reconsider the teacup pig situation. 

Jia Hyson smiles warmly at Song Chuntao, trying to convey both exhaustion and hope, "Thank you Chu Chu, I really, really cannot tell you how much I appreciate you helping me right now."

Song Chuntao blushes, "You- don't be a fool, we're friends. And you've helped me so much. How can I just sit around while you're being pushed as a scapegoat among other things." She blusters, suddenly feeling quite coy under such genuine and heartfelt appreciation from such a handsome man. Song Chuntao hadn't seen Farrell for a while now so her resistance to his natural sex appeal had weakened slightly. Also... she also vaguely felt that Farrell had strangely gotten even more erotic since they had last met.

A little moved by her, Jia Hyson leans in to hug Song Chuntao however the door to the room slams open and the distinct smell of vinegar filled the room. Zheng Jinhai strides up and domineeringly and overbearingly pushes Jia Hyson back down onto the bed before possessively slinging an arm over Song Chuntao. 

Jia Hyson: '...' Fucking CEO male leads.

"Zheng Jinhai," Jia Hyson greets politely but it's much less friendly than when he was talking to Song Chuntao. It wasn't because he didn't like Zheng Jinhai or that he still had feelings for Song Chuntao or whatever but just due to the fact that he wasn't exactly close to the man. 

When the pair got together Song Chuntao had explained everything and formally introduced Jia Hyson to Zheng Jinhai as something equivalent to an ex-boyfriend turned gay best friend, then proceeded to try get the two to buddy up. Unfortunately Zheng Jinhai was written to be a typical male lead who is a cold and ruthless asshole to everyone except for the female lead and only knew how to talk business. Jia Hyson as Farrell was generally very unrestrained and free and knew shit about business but was totally on top of all the popular series' on Netflix. They had eventually reached an understanding but they weren't exactly the most compatible people. 

Also, Zheng Jinhai like most male leads and gongs, loves to guzzle the unique taste of vinegar and as the only other person who has done various sexual things to Song Chuntao, Jia Hyson is constantly being assaulted by various shows of possessiveness and unwillingly being stuffed with dog food every time he's around the new couple. It's funny reading it but Jia Hyson soon discovers as the recipient, it's super annoying.

"Prince Farrell," Zheng Jinhai nods respectfully, "We're glad to see you're well. Song Song was really worried about you when we realized that we couldn't contact you after you left to Samotrelis."

Jia Hyson's mouth twitches. Even though the words are full of concern there's still a faint but unmistakably distinctive taste of dog food. What 'we', what 'Song Song'? Peh! 

Still, Zheng Jinhai was one of his benefactors so he swallowed it down. "Thank you so much."

Zheng Jinhai hesitates before awkwardly comforting him, "Rest for now, there isn't much you can do. Later on we need you to stand up and do a public interview to clarify the situation but the worst of the public blackening should be over by then." He coughs, "You will be staying here for the time being with my older brother in order to minimize suspicions, Song Song and I will be temporarily staying for a while as well with the excuse of meeting my family." 

Jia Hyson: ???

Song Chuntao: ???

"This, this apartment isn't yours?" Song Chuntao tentatively asks, evidently also unaware of this.

"It is but my brother uses it more for convenience." Zheng Jinhai simply answers but his voice is much warmer when he looks at her. Then offhandedly he adds to Jia Hyson, "I'll introduce you to him later, he's coming back overseas this afternoon." 

Song Chuntao looks at Jia Hyson's blank face helplessly. After all, both of them knew that Zheng Xin didn't need any introductions to Prince Farrell.




"Let me get this right,"

In the room, there was no one who had the courage to face anyone at that moment ah. It was like the gathering of the four animals North, East, South, West, so beautiful one couldn't even look directly at it.

Azure Dragon Jia Hyson looked to the side, facing the window and pretending to admire the skyline.

Vermillion Bird Song Chuntao looked upwards, as if trying to make contact with a higher being in the ceiling.

White Tiger Zheng Xin was eying the door he had just entered from, silently planning his tactical escape.

And finally Black Tortoise Zheng Jinhai has his head facing downwards, rubbing his forehead in disbelief.

"You-" he starts, then stops, then starts again, "Brother, you know the prince?"

Zheng Xin stays silent for a few seconds before slowly nodding, "...En."

"And you know him..." Zheng Jinhai's voice turns pained and a little high-pitched, very unbefitting of a domineering male lead, "sexually?"

"...En." Zheng Xin was a man of few words but he was apparently stupidly honest in front of his family.

"In his defense, I'm really hot." Jia Hyson blurts out and gets immediately smacked upside the head by Song Chuntao.

Zheng Jinhai looks up at his brother who he has admired his whole life only to see him flush and nod again in agreement. "...En."

Zheng Jinhai: '...' That was the most coquettish 'en' he had ever heard in his entire life.

He then horrifyingly recalls the time when he caught his elder brother looking at Prince Farrell's social media. Zheng Jinhai didn't think too much of it other than Farrell being annoyingly popular but now... grinding his teeth he stares warily at the prince like he was a beast. "You! How dare you seduce my brother with your, your ass!"

Jia Hyson: '...' Technically I seduced him with my feet but okay.

Song Chuntao: '...' To be honest I too, was also seduced by that ass.

Bebe: '...' Oh no, kind of want to see his reaction when he finds out it was actually his big brother's ass that was on the line that night.

Zheng Xin, while red faced, still could manage to calm the incensed male lead enough to drag him out the room before he attacked Jia Hyson, this home wrecking vixen, leaving him with Song Chuntao. The pair stare blankly at each other for a minute before Jia Hyson opens his mouth again. "Is your boyfriend going to kick me out if he finds out I wasn't necessarily the submissive between me and Zheng Xin?"

Song Chuntao silently closes her eyes and ignores him.

Ten minutes later Zheng Jinhai flies into the room somehow even angrier, he points at Jia Hyson with a finger shaking with rage, "YOU-!!!!"

Jia Hyson: '...If I knew Zheng Xin was so bad at keeping secrets I would never have fucked him ah.'

Bebe silently shuts down it's visual functions and ignores him.

"Jinhai..." Song Chuntao tentatively touches him, "Jinhai, you, ah, they're both grown adults, don't, don't overreact,"

"He defiled my brother's chastity," Zheng Jinhai spat, "Farrell, are you a man?! Then take responsibility!"

Jia Hyson stares helplessly at Zheng Jinhai, "No offense but if I had to take responsibility for every person I had sex with I could probably build a town,"

Zheng Jinhai, reminded that this man wasn't just his brother's flower picker, but also a complete slag that had picked countless other flowers in many different botanical gardens, felt so angry he was ready to vomit blood all over the bastard. "Beast!"

Song Chuntao, the female lead who has constantly been eaten up by the male lead after their relationship was established: '...'  It's like a small pot calling the kettle black.

However Zheng Jinhai also must have known he was being a bit unreasonable and after cursing Jia Hyson a few more times he finally calmed down. After all, Zheng Xin admitted himself that he only considers their meeting a one night stand and doesn't expect for more. But seeing his older brother look so self-loathing and the knowledge that he was the shou... how can the secretly romantic Zheng Jinhai not suddenly feel heartache and overprotectiveness for him?

Crossing his arms, Zheng Jinhai sneers down at Jia Hyson, "I'll give you two options, date my brother and see if you're compatible or leave."

Jia Hyson's mouth spasms, it's not the first time someone said something like this to him but it's definitely the first to get this from a protagonist. It definitely adds a new flavor to this scene. A very intimidating flavor. Still, both options aren't really that attractive to him, "Is there a third option?"

Zheng Jinhai narrows his eyes, "An eye for an eye, hand over your chrysanthemum." Who doesn't know that Prince Farrell only tops men? Even if Zheng Jinhai doesn't want to pay attention to the gossip it became the sort of weird general knowledge that everyone knew after a while.

Jia Hyson: 'Heh. As expected of a male lead in a romance story.' So fucking unreasonable. And so, Jia Hyson began his second life of house arrest under a handsome man.

Except...

"Sorry," Zheng Xin apologises once Jia Hyson comes out of the room to confess to him, "I don't think I'm that attracted to you anymore. But I appreciate your feelings nonetheless."

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: 'Hahahaha.'

"E-excuse me?" He did not get threatened by Zheng Jinhai in order to get immediately rejected by Zheng Xin. "You're not, you're not attracted to me anymore?" Jia Hyson tries to ignore the way his voice goes a little high and pitchy in disbelief. Even though it's been a long time since they met, he had maintained his body well enough despite his more sedentary lifestyle. Honestly speaking, though it's really just his preferences speaking, Jia Hyson felt he had become even better looking as time passes on. This was a little bit painful for his ego.

Thinking about it now, isn't this the first time he'd been so firmly rejected by a romantic confession?

Bebe: 'Recording this and calling it 'Baby's first Rejection'.'

Jia Hyson: 'Haha, you're so funny, do you not believe I won't hit you?'( ` )

Zheng Xin blinks and silently gazes downwards. Jia Hyson follows the gaze, then immediately turns ugly as he realises they were both looking at his feet.

He remembers now that the whole time Zheng Xin was with him both before and during sex, Jia Hyson had never taken off Cinderella's glass slippers. It couldn't be- this guy was really only into his feet?!

No, no, no, more importantly, now that he wasn't wearing the slippers, he wasn't attractive anymore? So in conclusion, was his feet not good enough without the glass slippers?!  

Bebe: 'HAHAHAHAHAHA!'

And so, Jia Hyson ends his second life of house arrest under a handsome man.

It did not last nearly as long as the first one

...Ah, he really misses Sefu.




After a few days stuck in the apartment Jia Hyson could objectively now say that Sefu truly loved him. Maybe by itself this house arrest was relatively pleasant enough to live through for a while but when compared with the meticulous and obsessively doting care Seu had given him in the palace... Jia Hyson couldn't help but feel a little critical.

They were both house arrests, why was the quality so different?

Bebe: 'Isn't that because you were fucking the one in charge the first time and the second time you fucked the respected older brother, and girlfriend, of the one in charge?'

Jia Hyson: 'No... No... that's not it. I think it's more along the lines of the difference between a rich merchant and nobility ah. No matter how much these Zhengs make each day, they still do not have the extravagance and treasures of us with royal blood.' HaughtyDog.gif

Bebe: '...' Sure. Whatever.  

He wasn't wrong. Food mainly consisted of delivery or Song Chuntao's attempts at baking. Which, to be honest, wasn't great. Due to him being so recognisable they couldn't allow the usual housekeeper in so Jia Hyson once again had to reacquaint himself with the bitch known as household chores. He even began to practice cooking again which was a nice alternate form of stress relief. However what really stood out during this time was the abrupt loneliness.

Both the Zheng brothers and Song Chuntao were busy people, even if Song Chuntao visited almost everyday it wasn't the same as having his lover around.

Usually he would be relatively fine being alone. He's introverted and finds it enjoyable spending time just reading and quietly lazing about. However Sefu, the manipulative bastard, has purposely nurtured an innate dependency in Jia Hyson for him. They've been together for over twenty years and Sefu has not only served him wholeheartedly and spoilt him to pieces, he has also made sure to spend as much time together as possible. Jia Hyson was not used to being by himself for too long anymore, even reading he would do it while leaning on Sefu's body. Now he was going through the withdrawals.

Jia Hyson squeezes the pillow in his arms tightly, "Bebe, how's Sefu?"

"The same." Bebe replies, used to the question by now. The palace was filled with surveillance so it was easy enough to check. "Still spending nights in your bed and watching the footage of when you were there."

The pillow was squeezed even tighter but for different reasons now. Jia Hyson coughs shyly, "May I see the video of him watching it?" 

He licks his lips, imagining the older man desperately grinding his hips against the mattress as he watches the video of his beloved prince getting fucked. Sefu would probably filled with self loathing and arousal, his big pillar unable to be fully satisfied as it ruts itself on the bedsheets uselessly like an animal, his eyes would be glued onto the screen, reimagining what it felt to be tightly squeezed by Jia Hyson's inner walls. Just thinking about it really, really makes one's mouth feel dry ah (= = )

Bebe who can more or less figure out what he's thinking coldly shuts him down. "You may not."

"May I at least ask which video then?" He optimistically tries.

"...Hehe," You think Bebe doesn't know what you're going to do when you're reminded about such a stimulating scene?

"Aiyo," Jia Hyson gives an exaggerated sigh of disappointment, "I guess I'll have to use my own imagination to help me rub one out instead ah," It's not as good as seeing the real thing but it will do. (`)

Bebe: '...' So in the end you're just going to do it no matter what? 

Just as he was about to put his hand down his pants, someone knocks at the door.

Bebe: ():

Jia Hyson: 'Tch.'

"Farrell?" Song Chuntao calls out softly, "You awake?" Farrell mainly spent the time idly reading, working out, trying to seduce characters in various mobile dating games or cooking. It was rare of him to sleep for long periods of times nowadays so she was reluctant to disrupt him if it turned out he was napping.

Jia Hyson, who has been up all night reading lately because a new story he had bookmarked ages ago finally finished: '..I'm a bad friend,'

"Yeah, you can come in!" He invites pleasantly.

Luckily for her, Jia Hyson was stopped before he started so he was decent enough to let her enter the room and pretend he hadn't been about to do anything naughty ah. He looks up and smiles brightly, "What's up Chu Chu?"

"The leader of the anti-rebellion asks to see you in a video chat," Song Chuntao says, "I was a little worried but they said it was to confirm that it really is Prince Farrell they are communicating with, which, I can't argue with but it's still a little..." 

She had a good impression of this leader since he did help rescue Farrell from Samotrelis but she can't help but feel something was wrong. After all, the leader already knows Farrell is successfully rescued, and he wouldn't take so many days to confirm if that's the case. Was it because this leader doesn't trust them to take care of Farrell? He was a little high maintenance sure but Song Chuntao didn't think it was that either, a photo would have worked just as well ah. 

The point is, from the beginning of their relationship with this anonymous man, they had never talked using video communication. Communication mainly consisted of the initial phone call and then text messaging. 

Jia Hyson also thought it was a little sudden and out of the blue, but it wasn't like he could decline, "Okay, when?" 

Song Chuntao sends a message on her phone and immediately gets a reply, "Now is good apparently. Here," She hands over her phone before fishing out another one from her pocket to fiddle with. The second phone was her personal device while the one she gave to Jia Hyson was treated as a spare burner phone. 

She glances at the messages of her screen before glancing back at him nervously, "Do you, do you want me to be here? Moral support and all?" She asks tentatively. Maybe the topic about his time in captivity would be brought up and Song Chuntao wasn't sure whether she should be there to comfort him if that happens or if she would only make him uncomfortable listening to such a vulnerable experience. 

Jia Hyson smiles but shakes his head, "It's fine ah. Besides, if I end up seeing this infamous leader's face on the chat I want to lord it over you heh," He winks jokingly. 

Song Chuntao rolls her eyes but subconsciously felt much better. "Fine, fine, just yell for help if you need anything,"

"Will do-"

After Song Chuntao left, Jia Hyson looks at the phone. On the screen was a request to video chat. 

"Bebe, could you figure out the identity of the person with this?"

Bebe tentatively denies it, "Bebe... Bebe could only on the condition that this leader doesn't tape up the camera on their device again. If they didn't then Bebe could go in and peek through there."

"What about the voice?"

"It's possible ah," Bebe replies but doesn't sound confident, "If it's someone we have met before Bebe can recognise their voice and if they use a voice distortion program Bebe can connect to the compute and unscramble it. But if they use a device that isn't connected to the computer then it's not possible to unscramble and therefore can't use my voice recognition function. Given this leader's track record, Bebe doubts that they would be drop the ball in this matter."

Jia Hyson sighs in agreement before accepting the request. Even though he could restrain himself, if it wasn't a life-threatening secret like the inside of a locked box in a haunted house, then Jia Hyson prefers to satisfy his curiosity. 

Jia Hyson: 'This is worse than when I had to play Secret Santa with my publishing company in order to 'bond' better with the editors and fellow authors.'

Bebe: '...What did you do?'

Jia Hyson: 'Long story or short story?'

Bebe: 'Short story, always the short story.'

Jia Hyson: 'I seduced two editors, slept with an author, almost got shot, then I definitely got shot, spent a million USD, made an ex-girlfriend fall back in love with me, ate a really disgusting fruitcake, kissed a dog, slept with one of the editors I previously seduced, almost lost my left pinky finger and then won Secret Santa.'

Bebe: '...' So many things to comment on. Is this in consecutive order? Did spending a million dollars make the ex-girlfriend fall in love with you? Is the fruitcake really an important part of the story? How on earth do you even 'win' Secret Santa? No, more importantly, why did you not die sooner?

Bebe: 'Bebe changes its' mind, long story please.'

Jia Hyson: 'Sorry the call just connected.'

As more or less expected, the screen for the leader was black and taped up. "Hello," came a distorted voice. Jia Hyson mentally prods at Bebe but Bebe could only send a gif of a baby shaking their head in response. 

"Hello," Jia Hyson politely greets back, then with a faint smile he tilts his head in acknowledgment to the camera, "Thank you for rescuing me, I appreciate it greatly."

"...No need to bow your head your highness. I can only offer condolences for being unable to rescue the rest of your family." It's hard to decipher too much emotion from the voice but Jia Hyson did feel that the regret in those words seem genuine enough.

"Even god has limitations, don't apologise for this," He reassures before becoming more serious, "Do you know what is the current situation with my family and the rebels?"

"Your family is safe though the first and second prince has been placed in the underground prison as they were part of the distraction to facilitate your escape. Third Prince Jaleel is currently working with me as my second in command." The leader calmly recounts. "The group of traitors are currently suspecting and covertly fighting between each other, even though they have occupied a lot, if the internal friction continues like this, their advantage will mean nothing if they break from the inside."

Jia Hyson feels both moved and guilty toward his two eldest brothers upon hearing this. Between house arrest in their old childhood rooms and the prison cells it was easy to choose which one they would prefer but for him they were willing to endure living in poorer conditions and most likely even poorer treatment. While it should be due to strategic reasons given Jia Hyson's public face value, he wouldn't be human if he didn't feel touched.

However hearing about the rebel infighting produced a far more complicated emotion. After all Sefu was one of the most well known rebels, both in identity and appearance.

"Is, is Sefu..." Jia Hyson hesitates, "Is Sefu also one of yours? Is he also on our side?"

"...I will not disclose the identity of any of the group in case they become compromised," The leader shortly answers before adding darkly, "Needless to say, Sefu Karamoy is one of the rebels leading the group against the royal family. He will not have a good outcome no matter what side he turned out to be on."

Motherfuck. 

"But, but then what will happen to him?" His voice goes a little high and desperate. He had been confident Sefu was a spy but with lack of affirmation how could he not doubt himself? Not to mention that from the sounds of it, Sefu's position was too high profile and no matter what, he wouldn't be able to completely wash himself clean after this. "You, is he really not, but how can that be-"

"Why are you so concerned about him?" The leader interrupts. Jia Hyson startles, feeling oddly guilty about his worries. After all this was the anti-rebellion leader and he has literally only asked about the status of one of the biggest rebels there. 

Staring awkwardly at the keyboard Jia Hyson struggles to think of something to say that doesn't sound like Stockholm Syndrome. Unfortunately, being in love with the person who confined you and made you wear a lot, a lot of lingerie and cat cosplay- even a great writer as himself could not find the words to explain himself well to everyone's satisfaction. Anyone's satisfaction really.

"Sefu... he's just.. Sefu..." His smile is nervous and bashful, golden eyes flickering with complicated emotions, "I don't want him to," He bites his lips then gets an idea. Straightening his back he looks back at the video camera with a serious expression, "If possible I want him alive. He's the one who wronged me the most, I deserve to have a say in what end he has ah."

"Your highness..." The voice of the leader hesitates, despite the voice being garbled Jia Hyson could sense the confusion and disapproval at his decision. "...I'll see what we can do."

"Thank you," Jia Hyson says, relieved and grateful with more than a little guilt in his heart. He didn't even like asking for help in retail stores and now he was asking a stranger who spent a lot of time and effort helping him and his family, to go save one of the big enemy bosses. 

Aiyah, he's sure the person in the screen is silently cursing him out in his heart. 

Thinking about it he quickly tries to alleviate the bad feeling in his chest, "You, you'll be greatly rewarded once we succeed, um, really, thank you so much for your service."

"...No need for thanks." Jia Hyson felt like the leader no longer wanted to talk to him, which, fair, but it did feel a little disheartening. It was like disappointing your new boss. Even if you don't know them at all, you wouldn't feel good getting their disapproval in the first meeting. 

"Oh, well, is there anything you want to ask me?"

"No. I just wished to confirm you're accounted for. Now that I have I must go. Goodbye." Before letting Jia Hyson echo his own goodbye the call disconnected.

Oof, yeah. That really hits at his social anxiety. 

Jia Hyson switches the phone off and places it aside with a sigh.




Netizens on the internet are like microscopic invertebrates in the sea. It doesn't take too much for them to be overturned by the tide.

After only a few days of water armies, photos, and the sleepless nights of the Zheng group's PR and law departments, most people on the web have finally woken up from the previous brainwashing conducted by the rebels previously and realised something was amiss.

It helped quite a bit that their group had people working with them from the inside, purposely over-blackening Prince Farrell online until it became very obvious even to any passersby that there was a big force behind all this sudden influx of scandals and even leaking evidence of hiring water armies.

Once the tides began to turn it was Jia Hyson's turn to shine. When Prince Farrell showed up online to broadcast a live stream video announcing the truth, the facts and what's happening right now people listened. In general, people's memories weren't great but they also weren't too bad, only a few months have passed since the whole fiasco started so most still recalled their good feelings toward this handsome prince. 70-80% of the public therefore already became more inclined to support him just looking at his solemn but still sexy face.

Face value, it really was the biggest cheat in any story.

"It's amazing," Jia Hyson sighs as he scrolls down the screen, reading the comments to his live stream idly, "In my reality, attractiveness means a lot but it's not enough to stop people from condemning an awful person. But in the story world, it really can change people's thoughts so easily. I suppose having some of Song Chutao's halo helped too ah."

"...Who said host didn't come from a story world?" 

Jia Hyson's finger on the mouse shook and accidentally clicked on an advertisement on some probably bullshit site that claims it helps people study better. However, he didn't really care, too busy looking at his silver bangle in shock. "Bebe, can you please repeat that?"

Bebe makes a sighing sound, "Honestly host, is it so hard to believe? Bebe thought you would have thought about this sooner."

Jia Hyson frowns but after some thought he supposes Bebe was correct. After all, he already knows that by fixing a story he is essentially stabilizing the world the story resides in. A story creates a world and a world would have stories, it's an infinite cycle that never stops. He just never thought too deeply on it since he, himself always viewed his world as the Reality and other worlds as a Story. But if every world relies upon around a story then how can his own be the exception?

But it was still a little difficult to comprehend nonetheless. 

"Was I, was I a character?" He struggles to say. If it turns out that little girl that killed him was dictated to by the pen of another human being... Well, how can Jia Hyson feel comfortable about that? 

"Negative," Bebe quickly denies, then hesitates, "Well... from the story Little Miss CEO is a Harem Master! There is an 81.8% chance you were briefly mentioned as one of the protagonist's favourite authors. The protagonist and her secretly masochistic cash pig third male lead initially bonded over this and other books."

Jia Hyson: '...What sort of messy novel is 'Little Miss CEO is a Harem Master!'?'

Jia Hyson sighs with relief, "That, that's okay then." Personally, Jia Hyson felt like it would be far more unnerving if he was a real character. As hypocritical as it was, he isn't too fond of knowing that he was dealt with all his personality traits and cards in life by some random author he didn't know. He rather believes it was the mystery of the heavens and fate ah. Humans are selfish like that, even though he has sentenced the fates of numerous characters both in the past and present when it comes to himself being dealt with the same blow he would feel bad all over. "Am I allowed to read the story?"

Now that his existential crisis was more or less appeased he was a little curious about his original world. After all, the stories residing there would on some level affect all the inhabitants living there, he would have been no exception.

"Of course," Bebe agrees, relieved at how easy it's host took the information, some hosts take quite a while to adjust their world views while others refuse to accept their fate was specifically dictated by someone else, especially if their fate was especially tragic.

It's why most hosts are almost never important story characters ah. Supporting leads though may get picked for counterattacking type systems since they had good viciousness and their previously suppressed IQ has room to grow, making them very good host candidates. Of course, they're also more likely to rebel ah. 

"Host's original world actually has multiple small world stories," it continues, "I will proceed to download them for you to browse."

After a moment Jia Hyson's new phone lit up with a bunch of notifications of new downloads. Glancing at it interestedly Jia Hyson immediately felt the taste of blood in his mouth.

Little Miss CEO is a Harem Master!, Domineering Tyrant's Cute Little Fairy Wife, Reborn Movie Queen's Three Dogs, Butterfly Garden: A Tale of Two Brothers, Snow White and the Seven Gongs, Diamond Dynasty, Transmigrating into the Devil's Plaything, Teaching My Little Aunt About Love, White Lotus Deflowered, Begging GeGe To Push Me Down, Bloodfallen, Catching the White Moonlight, The Stallion's Revenge, Toppling Down the School Beauties, Reborn Playboy, A Sordid School Tale, Taking Apart the Harem, Defiling the Underground Boss's-

Jia Hyson's face was extremely ugly. So many messy titles were now on his phone. Also, Reborn Movie Queen's Three Dogs? Was that talking about that famous movie empress Xu Meifan who was rumoured to have three gold masters behind her? Fuck he had even hit on her once when he was younger!

Also, he recalls learning about the Diamond Dynasty at school- he only remembers it because that time was one of the messiest dogblooded periods of Chinese history he had ever had to be lectured about ah. One woman turned all the great men of China's heads, she had even dazzled a neighbouring empire and nearly set off a war but discovered a vein of diamonds and gems which... Jia Hyson doesn't exactly remember the specifics but he totally aced that test back then.

So it turns out he was a by-product of a world more or less based on many perverted, dog blooded and revenge based stories. Upon reflection it really does show in his personality- he's sexually open, his mindset is oddly twisted and his very vengeful and petty. Not to mention his own messy love life and wide range of kinks.

While some of this can't be attributed to the world's genres alone- after all, not all people in a gay romance will themselves be gay ah- he could definitely have said to be quite influenced by it. Jia Hyson always figured his psychosis was just an example of nature over nurture, now he knows exactly what the 'nature' of the world is, he can't help but feel a little complicated.

Nonetheless, Jia Hyson felt that, despite how shocking the information was, his three views needed only some slight changes. It wasn't like this sort of thing affected him now after all. He was his own person and now that he was no longer bound to the invisible shackles of the world, this fact couldn't be any truer.

With that mental adjustment, Jia Hyson pushes away that odd unnerving feeling that happens when he thinks too hard on the topic and checks out Reborn Movie Queen's Three Dogs with some interest. After all, this was clearly someone that he himself has met, how could he not be curious? He also bookmarks Snow White and the Seven Gongs while lamenting how unfair it was as he reads through the synopsis. They were both from the same worlds, why was the difference between slags so big?

Bebe: 'The protagonist from Snow White and the Seven Gongs is a very pure white lotus, where on earth does host read 'slag' from this?'

Jia Hyson: 'Darling, if they can juggle seven men at the same time their name can only be spelt out as SLAG MAN. Even if it's accidental, it's still very slag ah.'   

Not to mention, how difficult it is to find men so willing to wear green hats while dating? Not to mention for six other men? Even if he knows it's beyond his own capabilities who hasn't imagined being pampered by a harem of beauties that devote themselves solely to you? How can one not be jealous knowing that it's not only possible, some white lotus bitch managed it in the same realm of reality he was living in at the same time?

In his lifetime the closest thing to multiple boyfriends was multiple friends with benefits and two guys really into cuckolding. The difference in emotional investments and returns was too wide.

Bebe: '...You're the expert ba.'

As he becomes immersed in the Reborn Movie Queen's story of rising to fame and taming three big dogs with thick golden thighs, Jia Hyson couldn't help but taste the unique flavour of reading a real person fanfiction of people you personally know. No, it should be considered more like an autobiography ah. And sure, there were quite a bit of people mentioned who were only passing acquaintances at best to him, to the point it was difficult to even recall who they were but he still knew them okay? 

It's quite strange to find out Celebrity A who had been so polite and elegant when he had seen them was actually such a depraved piece of shit cannon fodder. And Businessman B was in this! He was one of his sex friends but ended up dying without an intact corpse after all his dirty laundry was aired online, Jia Hyson was always wondering who exactly he had offended. Oh my, this was really a little more exciting to read than he expected ah.

With so many world plots with so much face slapping, drama, murder and so on Jia Hyson suddenly had the feeling that if he could ever go back to his original world, he may become the next Sherlock Holmes, solving the unsolved murders and kidnapping cases left and right.

Actually... that's not a bad story idea hehe.

When Song Chuntao visits later on, Jia Hyson had already stopped reading the Reborn Movie Queen's story in favour of writing down his plot ideas for his newest story- a young rich third generation who suddenly finds a bunch of messy stories that he soon realizes correlates with reality and tries to... hmm... fight crime? Change the destiny of the cannon fodder because he's acquainted with them and he can't in good consciousness let such an unfair tragedy play out in front of him? Prevents an abusive love story from unfolding and accidentally seduces the female lead instead? 

Maybe start with the destiny change arc first, then the protagonist can gain a loyal follower that is aware of these books and helps out with future arcs? Tch, tch so hard to decide.

...

Outside the apartment, the world begins to shift and so does Samotrelis' power balance.

Many countries were interested in this small golden thigh island however because of Samotrelis' reclusive nature, xenophobia and distinct physiques it was incredibly difficult and dangerous to insert spies inside.

America was the most successful country currently in espionage, managing to pass off six incredibly physically endowed African-American men as Samotrelians, however during the civil war, four had already been found out by rebels and killed off. These were top agents but due to a lack of cultural understanding, it was difficult to hold up against intense scrutiny and suspicion.

Still, America wasn't happy with this outcome and also decided to lend some help underneath the table to the anti-rebels. The Zheng group was big and the influence was large but when compared to the will of a whole country, it's like a firehose next to a waterfall in terms of the resources it can give. Once others caught word of it, they also joined in to help a little in order to gain some benefits and gratitude from the royal family afterwards.

Yesterday they threw mud and today they throw gold. It was the same as pushing a man off a cliff and acting innocent and kind after the man miraculously is saved. Politics was truly a place with no vegetarians.

With all this support, unless the anti-rebels were filled with the biggest pig teammates in the world, their victory was inevitable. Nevertheless, wars, even small ones, cannot end in a day and the rebels had already gotten so close to tasting power it was also difficult for them to let go.

Still, Jia Hyson doesn't know what this anti-rebel leader ate as a child but he was incredibly quick and efficient in sweeping up the mess. Like a bird watching a piece of decomposing wood, every time an insect would pop up it would immediately peck down and swallow them whole. The insects were also fearless and would keep popping up but the bird would only let them meet the same end with barely a struggle.

Even Third Prince Jaleel and First Prince Asafa, one famed for wit and the other, intelligence, both thought the art of war, reconnaissance and strategy- may not necessarily accomplish such a feat so quickly even working together much less by themselves. Despite their abilities and potential they were born in peacetimes and have not experienced any big conflicts other than verbal ones nowadays. Jia Hyson couldn't help but believe that this anti-rebel leader definitely came from the previous generations.

These sort of decisive and ruthless actions... He's probably an old friend of Farrell's father or grandfather. Or just a staunch imperialist.

After all, even if his grandfather did various bad things that caused a lot of hate for some he did fight for a good reason. Overall he wasn't a hated ruler, especially when the outcome of opening their borders was so good.

The current King Kro is also popular as he's considered benevolent and generous in nature, satisfying most commoners. And his sons and daughters have good potential and personalities. To say there was no dissatisfaction with the rebels for breaking the balance is a complete and utter lie and there are many people that are steadfast in supporting the imperial faction. It wouldn't be hard to believe a retired master would take charge of the anti-rebel group.

It doesn't really matter though. What matters is the anti-rebels are winning, and winning quickly. It was clear to everyone involved that the rebels were being backed into a corner.

Unfortunately, desperate people take desperate measures.

A few weeks after Jia Hyson's live stream, a new video appeared when the internet was at peak activity that threw the public into a frenzy.

"Prince Farrell, surrender and come back to Samotrelis or your family dies." Sefu Karamoy rasps, his heterochromatic eyes shining under the light just like the blade he has up against the king's neck. He looks every inch an evil villain.

Jia Hyson: '...' 

Child, you really know how to dig pits for yourself ah?

Bebe: 'Host... Bebe regrets to inform you that it turns out your type of man seems to be stupid ones that like to self-abuse.'

Jia Hyson thinks of Drake who was an idiot, Monroe who gave up immediately after a kiss, Li Guiren who could only see but not touch, Tian Shun who was just a huge ball of angst and possibly PTSD really, and finally Sefu Karamoy the pit-digger.

He sighs. Unfortunately, it seems his system was not wrong.

Idiot Drake, Loser Monroe, Untouchable Li Guiren, Angsty Teen Tian Shun, Pit-Digger Sefu: '...' Must. Not. Cry.

(QwQ) (TAT) () (TT) ()




Sefu's video sent everyone into an uproar. Weirdly the people who were most indignant were the paparazzi.

Paparazzi: 'We've been suppressed by this evil ghost for so long, and now it turns out that he can be photographed?! Give us back our wasted camera film, our uncorrupted data!' 

Most people, despite a lack of photographic evidence, also vaguely recognized Sefu as the scary scarred bodyguard of Prince Farrell. After all, he was almost always in the same room as the prince and was eye-catching in his own right. Seeing the video, all sorts of messy dogblooded thoughts popped into the heads of the public.

If it wasn't sort of really offensive given the whole 'threatening to murder one's family' thing going on, there would probably be quite an increase of ButlerxMaster, RebelxPrince, ServantxPrince type of fiction being produced online. There probably will be to be honest, with the author or artist really selling their disclaimer of being a work of fantasy, unrelated to any real people or situations in reality. Honestly, Jia Hyson didn't find it too abhorring, a little insensitive sure, but it wasn't like these people were going to link it to his Weibo while he was having his family being threatened with right? Of course not ah...

...Only trolls and nosy 'good samaritans' will.

Jia Hyson sneers as he reads another iteration of [@YourHighnessFarrell look at this awful story, clearly the author is taking advantage of your misery and sexualizing it! How can others be so insensitive given your situation. -NotRight -Disgusting -BanThisPerson].

"How annoying, Bebe, give these self-righteous idiots something to really bitch about ah."

"On it-" Bebe happily agrees. It's already relatively skilled with fighting the netizens from past experiences, one could say that it was one of its strengths as a system ah. So Bebe was proud to show off its capabilities for once. Viruses. Bugs. Leaked information. All sorts of troubles descended upon these unwitting account users scorned by Jia Hyson like the plague descended on Egypt.

Satisfied with this knowledge that others were suffering, Jia Hyson focuses on his main problem.

Going to the bathroom he tries to think sad thoughts and uses some crocodile tears to make it look like he had been crying. Then he splashes his face with water, scrubbing the cold water onto his face harshly before giving himself a loud slap on the face.

Looking at the mirror Jia Hyson sees a man clearly stressed and pushed to the brink emotionally, his eyes are red and a little puffy, cheeks flushed and an expression filled with restrained pain and confusion and anger. His face is wet, a clear indication that he tried to wash away his tears and the slap was a slap to forcibly bring him back to reality. Solemnly he nods to himself in the mirror. Perfect.

Leaving the bathroom he heads straight to the main living room where Song Chuntao, Zheng Jinhai and Zheng Xin were sitting with serious faces, their mood bringing down the atmosphere of the room. 

The moment he appears they all look at him with expressions of sympathy and pity. After all, who didn't know how close the prince was to this bodyguard. Even Zheng Xin who only had a shallow relationship with Jia Hyson was aware. Song Chuntao, of course, has a much deeper bond and had a far better comprehension so she was ready to cry once she saw Farrell's distressed appearance.

"Farrell..."

"I'm going back." Jia Hyson states boldly.

Zheng Jinhai frowns, "Don't be stupid, it's clear that this is a big trap, if we rush blindly into it then it's not just your family's heads on the chopping block." Prince Farrell was the beloved baby and the face of the royal family. Even though arguably he was the least vital family member in terms of strength, intelligence and wit, Farrell had popularity. He was essentially the mascot. His capture and demise would be symbolic and deal a big blow to the confidence of many allies.

Then again, refusing to go over to save his family may also deal a big blow to Farrell's moral character in the eyes of others... still, in Zheng Jinhai's opinion, most people with half a brain would see what he was seeing and understand.

Even though Zheng Jinhai was also sympathetic, right now his sympathy couldn't buy anything so it was better for him to act ruthlessly. Song Chuntao, however, doesn't see it like that and glares angrily at him, clearly furious at how lacking in tact her boyfriend is. Sure his opinion is valid but to not only insult Farrell and then give him the image of his family's heads rolling which is essentially what Sefu, his most trusted (though clearly a piece of shit) servant, implied in the video with that knife- Well!

If this guy wants to sleep in the same bed as her tonight he's going to need to do some serious coaxing later! Hmph!

"Don't worry Farrell! Whatever you decide, I'll support you!" Song Chuntao speaks up, grabbing his hands as she looks at him with a fierce and determined expression, "The anti-rebels should already know by now what's happened and would be making as many preparations as they can. If you want to go then go if you want to stay then stay! I'll protect you instead!"

Jia Hyson looks touched, staring deeply into her eyes before embracing her tightly, "Chu Chu," he chokes out, "Thank you."

"Don't mention it," she also sounds a little emotional, "I love you, Farrell,"

"Me too Chu Chu, me too,"

Zheng Jinhai: '...' Huh, that's strange. We're obviously a couple. Why do I suddenly feel I'm the lightbulb here?

Zheng Xin: '...' I want to say something to return my sense of existence yet I suddenly feel like my mouth is stuffed with dog food. Not only that but it's the dog food of the one night stand who took my virginity and my brother's girlfriend.

In retrospect, the relationships between the four of them were really quite messy ah.

In the end, Jia Hyson still stubbornly demands to go back. The video gave a time limit of three days before they start killing a royal a day so Jia Hyson really didn't have much time to think. He did acquiesce to arriving by the third day, maximizing the preparation time for the others. Song Chuntao also volunteers to come with him, much to Zheng Jinhai's dismay.

Honestly, Jia Hyson silently appreciates Zheng Jinhai's level-headed approach to these things more. If this was his original world, or at least, if he wasn't on the job, he would never do such a thing without putting in a lot of precautions, planning and back up options. He certainly wouldn't have agreed to bring Song Chuntao nor the reluctant tagalong Zheng Jinhai.

But this is a story. And a story with such a big build-up needs a fittingly dramatic or action-packed finale. He himself doesn't know what will happen when he goes back but he's sure it will be big. And having the main characters there will guarantee this scene would be more in his favor, after all, they had their halos to protect them, and by proxy himself.

Bebe: 'Please respect the dignity of the main characters and not talk about them like they're your personal good luck charm.'

However, it was hard to deny their effectiveness. Jia Hyson brought not only the protagonists but the rest of his covert bodyguard group that hadn't followed Sefu over- which was only a measly three guards. When they arrived at the island, they were cornered by the more radical rebels who wished to kill them before they reached the palace, thus allowing the negotiations to fail and killing off all the royals quickly. By the end, it was only with the stupid good luck of Song Chuntao and the OPness of Zheng Jinhai did they manage to get out and arrive at the very last second.

The three guards though did have to 'sacrifice' themselves in order to distract their pursuers and give them time. Jia Hyson was very moved and silently resolved to treat them much better later.

After all, the lack of loyalty from the other guards was way more offending than Sefu's betrayal to be honest. Sefu has a decent excuse but you guys? It was this Laozi who fucking gave you your paychecks! Why are you hopping over to Sefu's rebellion group ah?

Bastards! White eye wolves! Give me back my money! Peh!

Finally, as the sun was starting to set, they arrived at the gates of the palace on horseback. They rescued a little girl and stole the kidnappers' horses somewhere in between. It was a whole thing. Jia Hyson blames it on the protagonist halos.

Bebe: '  You can't just treat the halos like a good luck charm and then also blame them for the shit that happens.'

Jia Hyson: 'The halos giveth and the halos taketh away.' 

The royal palace was a beautiful massive piece of architecture. It was no Taj Mahal but it was definitely up there in terms of appearance. The palace was constructed by one of the first kings of Samotrelis, who had a secret love for aesthetics and gold.

Unfortunately for that king, while the building was lavish and eye-catching it was not appreciated too well they overall. Architecture and art, in general, wasn't a big interest to Samotrelians who preferred more practical things. Even though it was a point of interest given its size, and appearance, overall many just view it as the building where the royal family lives. This can be seen by the social media of the people.

Most glamour shots of Samotrelis taken by the citizens were either of the massive wildlife, the lush vegetation or the abundance of gems and gold around the place. Sometimes the palace would just happen to be in the background and netizens will be curious about it only to be met with an indifferent response of 'Oh, that? That's just the royal palace ah. Anyway, look at what my eagle Bolololol caught for me today!'

Jia Hyson, despite being artsy trash also had similar views. Sure he likes aesthetics and such but that's more for the style of art in manga and comics rather than buildings. Initially, he had also been impressed the first time he saw the palace in all its glory but if you lived in the Eiffel Tower every day it quickly begins to lose its glamor so he also treated the palace like a simple building.

Song Chuntao and Zheng Jinhai, however, have not built up any immunity though and actually stopped their horse- because they had to just fucking share one- to stare up and gawk at the magnificence of it against the sunset.

"Beautiful," Song Chuntao breathes out. Even though she's seen photos from Farrell's phone she had never gone to Samotrelis in person. In fact, despite opening their borders for trade, Samotrelis still hasn't established much in the way of tourism. Which Jia Hyson finds it a pity but also fair given how he knows how much tourism can impact their pristine environment.

Still, after all this, he promises to himself to let the pair have a nice time in Samotrelis now that they're here. Though, the emphasis is of course on 'after all this'.

"Chu Chu oh my god are you taking a selfie?!"

"No..." She denies as they get off their horses, Jia Hyson takes another glance at her only to see both her and Zheng Jinhai with their heads together snapping photos.

Jia Hyson: '...' Oh, my bad, it was a 'we'-fie.

Zheng Jinhai for the sake of his girlfriend was even doing a cutesy duck face that completely ruined his handsome male god abstinent appearance. If Jia Hyson really wasn't aware that these were the good luck protagonists whose very presence would put the cards of fate in his favor, he really would punch them right now.

Seeing her best friend's face going increasingly ugly, Song Chuntao stops playing around and they rush to the entrance.

Past the gates and right in front of the door stood his kneeling family members, tied up and being each held down by two rebel guards.

Behind them were three figures, Sefu Karamoy, the Rhino Tribe Chief- Symon's father, and the royal advisor who Jia Hyson fucked right after he had sex with his daughter. These were the three rebel leaders.

Out of all of them, there was only one rebel leader he hadn't seen him naked.

Out of all of them, the only one didn't have a son or daughter he had stuck his dick into, and that was only because he didn't have a kid.

Jia Hyson: '...' Next world he really needs to control his dick better.

Bebe: 'Even though this isn't all your fault, it sure feels like it is.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Yeah, it weirdly does.




"Prince Farrell," The Rhino Tribe Chief sneers. Compared to the cold face of the advisor and the expressionless one of Sefu's, it was clear that he held much more animosity toward the youngest scion of the royal family than anyone else. Which is both fair and baffling at the same time given that he's the one Jia Hyson had the least interaction with, "Good to see you have a conscious and shown up."

Jia Hyson's face turns ugly. "You are the chief of the Rhino Tribe, not long ago you worked as the head of the royal army. I should be the one asking if you have a conscious."

"Not too long ago my son wouldn't have been given the title, 'The Slut of the Six Mountains,' after being caught in a goddamn orgy servicing six nobles of other tribes!" The Rhino chief bellows. 

Jia Hyson: '...' Damn Symon, even this old bicycle has only caught four fish with one net at the most. 

Song Chuntao frowns, "What does that have to do wi-" trailing off she looks at Jia Hyson with wide eyes. Zheng Jinhai also came to a similar conclusion and was looking at him with strange eyes.

Jia Hyson for his part at least looked embarrassed, "His son," he coughs into his hand, "Is my first boyfriend, ah, I may have, um, what's a nice way of putting it?" He coughs again, "Bent him to the point of no return?"

"My God," Zheng Jinhai mutters. He's suddenly and inexplicably delighted his brother had refused to try a proper relationship with this scum. 

Song Chuntao didn't even say anything; she just closed her eyes and reminded herself that this was no time to scream at Prince Farrell and his uncontrollably high sex drive.

The Rhino Chief, however, didn't catch the memo and spent another three minutes screaming at Prince Farrell for more or less exactly that. Jia Hyson sort of wonders if, in the past, the chief had gotten the opportunity to personally be on the receiving end of Jia Hyson's skills under the covers would he still be so against his active sex life? 

After all, he's making it sound like it was him for had pushed his son into a life of debauchery and forced him into the wild SM life, even implying drug use. It was like the big man couldn't comprehend his son willingly entering such a lifestyle, which is fair enough really. It's like someone who had never taken drugs or smoked being unable to understand how good it feels and how hard it is to stop. 

Still, it was really annoying. It made Jia Hyson; this evil drug dealer, want to give the Rhino Chief a taste of 'ecstasy' just to shut him up.

Honestly, if the Rhino Chief hadn't been married when Jia Hyson was conquering Samotrelis with his dick, he would have totally tried to climb into his bed as well. What can he say? He likes to topple strong mountains and bend rivers. 

And now that this guy is divorced and acting so arrogant and high and mighty... 

Silently he licks his lips.

Bebe: '...' It's clear the lack of sex these days is getting to host. Also, what was with that commentary? Bebe honestly can't tell where you're M switch starts, and your S switch ends. 

Rhino Tribe Chief: '???' Eh? I'm in the middle of my tirade, and now I suddenly feel a coldness running down my backside. Could I be getting ill from stress?

Sefu who had been watching from the sidelines: '...' Not only didn't kitten even look at me; he even licked his lips for another man in front of me. So angry. 

Song Chuntao and Zheng Jinhai, these 'innocent' protagonists were unaware of Jia Hyson's indecent thoughts and just felt indignant for Prince Farrell. Sure some fault lies in the lecherous young man, but it's clear that this rebel was not only exaggerating Farrell's responsibility in this but using it as an excuse to justify his actions. After all this sort of thing, while scandalous, was not enough to try to overthrow the country for unless you had other ambitions. 

"How disgusting," Zheng Jinhai coldly spits out, perfectly pulling in the aggro of the Rhino Chief. Jia Hyson side-eyes Zheng Jinhai with faint disbelief. The male leads usually are the type to be arrogant and ruthless capitalists with a cold face in front of everyone that isn't his loved ones; this leads to either admiration, infatuation or hatred among cannon fodders and supporting leads. 

Unfortunately, the Rhino Chief wasn't a blackhearted businessman in the boardroom; this was a man who could block bullets with his muscles in his heyday okay? Male lead you really can't afford to pull aggro here okay?? 

Song Chuntao also gave her man a look filled with mixed feelings. Glancing at his perfectly muscled body that was made through meticulous gym training and then at the Rhino Chief who looked like he came out of some monster furry bara yaoi manga she read out of curiosity once... how can she not be worried?! 

Unfortunately, the aggro puller was too strong. Not to mention that, coincidentally, Zheng Jinhai's handsome yet arrogant face was about five to six points similar to one of Symon's 'six masters'. The Rhino Chief couldn't help but loathe this man at first sight. 

The rebels didn't come out unarmed, and the Rhino Chief was no exception. It doesn't take much effort to fling a short sword toward Zheng Jinhai's head with deadly accuracy. The act was so quick that Sefu and the advisor could only change expressions as they realised what their most violent comrade had done. 

"Jinhai!" Song Chuntao calls out in fear, but luckily Zheng Jinhai is a protagonist who will only get amnesia related injuries. There's probably a proper explanation like Zheng Jinhai being trained in martial arts when he was younger, but the fact is, somehow, Zheng Jinhai not only dodged the oncoming knife but even managed to catch it with his hands. To be fair though he was bleeding due to catching the blade end of the knife. However that blood only served to make the female lead, Song Chuntao's heart ache for him, it was most likely a decorative wound. 

Still, the force behind the throw was not weak, and Zheng Jinhai was forced to take a step back in surprise. Samotrelian strength was very different from those of standard fighters. Because his step back was unexpected, Zheng Jinhai's ankle twisted and he fell down. 

Jia Hyson who was already reacting to the knife throw and half expecting such a thing to occur in the first place was immediately there to catch him, using the muscles in his arms to steady his gold and sweep him up off his feet before he hit the ground. "Are you okay?" 

Zheng Jinhai drops the knife, blood now dripping down his hands freely but he doesn't even wince, too shocked at the sudden change of setting. Song Chuntao who had been reaching out her hand in a futile attempt to stop the fall had now pulled it back to cover her mouth with flushed cheeks. Her handsome boyfriend was being princess carried by her sexy ex-boyfriend in an exotic paradise island... the image was... too goddamn beautiful. 

Silently she takes out her phone and snaps a photo. En. Very good. This will be her background until the end of time. 

() 

The Rhino Chief: 'Was I throwing a knife or helping others scatter dog food?'

Royal Advisor Rebel: 'As expected of that perverted slag prince, even with his family tied up before him he still has time to flirt.' 

Sefu Karamoy: 'I came here to put on a big show, but my kitten keeps giving me green hats, what to do?'

The royal family (excluding Third Prince Jaleel): '...' Did you not come to save us? Not only have you barely acknowledged us, but you also looked at an enemy with flirtatious eyes before princess carrying your ally! Have you ever seen a rescue slash hostage situation like this?! 

We demand some dignity as hostages! Pay attention to us QAQ

Jia Hyson was honestly not aware of these thoughts. Gently and carefully dropping Zheng Jinhai back onto his two feet, he can only inwardly wipe away the sweat on his forehead and secretly sigh. Aiyah that was too close, too close! It's a good thing his reflexes were still good, or this 'delicate' male lead may have gotten amnesia at such a bad time! 

He already put so much time and effort to keep the eggshell Zheng Jinhai calls a head intact for so long. It's okay to slip up once, a second bout of amnesia is satisfactory in a story but to have it near the tail end of a wholly unrelated and somewhat serious side story was not at all appropriate with the flow of the plot. 

"...There was no need for you to do that," Zheng Jinhai mutters sourly, feeling like his pride as an alpha male being significantly damaged from this. 

Jia Hyson rolls his eyes, "What are you talking about- if you died how would Chu Chu ever forgive me ah?" 

Zheng Jinhai: '...Very good. Laozi will begrudgingly accept that excuse.' 

"Prince Farrell!" The Royal Advisor Rebel snaps, "If you wish to have your family go free then surrender yourself!"

"Don't do it!" King Kro orders sternly, his wife, the other princess and princes also voiced their protests. 

"They're spouting bullshit!" 

"Don't listen to them!"

"Brother go!"

"Just leave!" 

Jia Hyson: 'What to do, kind of want to leave.'

Bebe: 'Yeah, it's obvious to anyone that's watched any movie that they're going to go back on their words.' Bebe has had quite a few cannon fodder and villain hosts who had to reenact a similar scene. It's a very popular trope.

Jia Hyson: 'I know right, but can you imagine if I left at this point? Like, I would be the asshole then.'

Bebe: '...' You're an asshole now but touch.

With an ugly expression Jia Hyson fiercely glares at the rebels, "Cowards," he spat, "If you hurt the Abioye family do you really believe the people will actually accept you as the rulers?"

"That's non of your concern," Sefu coldly speaks, Jia Hyson looks at him in disbelief only for him to avert his eyes away.

Jia Hyson gives the man a complex and pained look, his facial muscles were really getting a big workout today. Luckily he bought a pack of special face masks from BeBay the day before which made his expressions more vivid with less muscle strain while simultaneously making his skin smoother than jade. 

God, he loves BeBay. 

Seeing the man averted his eyes, Jia Hyson decides the best reaction in response would be rage. With reddened eyes, he rushes up as if he was lost to his own strong emotions. 

"Guards," Sefu orders quickly, as he sees the other rushing up and seeking death. Suddenly a group of men covered head to toe in black cloth appeared and restrained the trio. Jia Hyson who was stronger the Song Chuntao managed to break free, taking the opportunity to punch and kick his assailants but quickly more came to help and he was pushed down onto his knees, overwhelmed by the sheer numbers. 

"Sefu you fucking traitor!" Jia Hyson cries out enraged, howling like a beaten wolf. He hadn't wasted all his time in the apartment and had watched quite a few cultivation, and ancient china type drama shows to better immerse himself into the mindset of being betrayed by someone he secretly loved. "How, how could you do this?!" 

Jia Hyson: 'One to ten how good is it?'

Bebe: 'Expression is nine points, it's clear host has worked hard with this. Bebe likes the distraught wretched and aggrieved tone of your voice, but the dialogue is a little too basic. Overall just under seven points give or take.' 

Inwardly Jia Hyson sighs. Acting is really harder than writing. Especially since he's being put on the spot like this, how can he suddenly come up with great dialogue on the fly ah? He's witty, but even wit has limits. 

To be honest, having lived through three lifetimes has done something for him. Despite Bebe's critique, a seven is a reasonably strong rating for a newbie host that didn't have a background in acting. 

If Jia Hyson was in an entertainment world, provided his acting roles weren't too difficult, he could quickly become a second-tier actor with some effort and hard work. If he was lucky and got excellent resources or a golden thigh, then he could even reach film emperor status after some time. 

Of course, those who can easily rate a nine in Bebe's analysis not only had the skills to reach film emperor without backing but potentially even the skills to beat male lead film emperors to the point they doubt life. Those were true acting tyrants and were usually found with systems in the financial sector that specialise in counterattacking or seduction. 

Seeing their baby being pinned down, the royal family began to struggle even more violently. Unlike Farrell, his older siblings and parents were much stronger than himself, especially Second Prince Chuma who had been appointed as the head of the royal army just a few years ago. Sefu just snapped his fingers, and more black-clothed guards surrounded and restrained them. After some more fierce struggling the hostages finally and reluctantly settled.

The two rebel leaders glance at Sefu with some admiration and fear. Despite being the least active and the youngest of the three Sefu Karamoy has still held his ground against them, these spicy old gingers. Not only that he was personally the closest to the royal family, Prince Farrell in particular. 

Logic dictates he shouldn't have managed to stay in power as long as he has in the rebel group but not only has he done so, he even dared to use his master's guards for his own needs, training them to serve him and avoiding the weakness of his lack of support in Samotrelis. 

The international guards were from all sorts of complicated backgrounds, considered the best of the best money had to offer and trained by the other two Samotrelian guards and Sefu himself. They were some of the few outsiders that the Rhino Chief begrudgingly acknowledged for their strength and fighting prowess. 

He also couldn't help but feel some satisfaction and schadenfreude looking at them. Prince Farrell had played with so many people, who knew, in the end, he would be played so ruthlessly by the only person he trusted outside his family? 

Even though he inwardly felt gleeful, the Rhino Chief did not necessarily like Sefu either. After all, even if he's an ally... to so easily be able to bite the hand that fed him, and toward a child, he practically raised himself... as a father, the Rhino Chief couldn't help but feel wary against such a terrible white eyed wolf. Even if he hated his son Symon for not turning iron into steel and was ashamed at his sexual proclivities, he had never thought to disown this damn child or lock him up and hide him. 

People were like this. Even if the other person did something for both their benefit, if the action is too ruthless, the person who benefits may not necessarily appreciate and even disdain the first person. It's like if a little girl's balloon got stolen by a dog and a young man beat the dog to get the ballon back, obviously, even though the little girl was a bit grateful for getting the balloon how can she not be upset the dog was beaten? 

"How could you do this?! You're really one of them?!" Jia Hyson spat, his words held a slight trace of anxious pleading in them he couldn't stop from exposing itself. No one had confirmed whether Sefu was part of the anti-rebels or not. And now this damn idiot had taken such a strong chance, even restraining almost the entire royal family with his own personal guards. 

If this keeps up wouldn't Sefu be heading straight to the original Farrell's bad ending??? Darling, if you don't speak up now, Laozi really may not be able to save you! Seriously, the pit you've dug for yourself probably could reach the other side of the world by now ah! 

"So what if I am?" Sefu sneers, "You people were the ones who ruined my life, this scar is proof of my hatred. Do you really think that a few years by your side can change this fact?"

Jia Hyson: '...I at least thought those few weeks in your bed might have ah.'

Bebe:  

Jia Hyson silently despaired. He had always thought if he had ever gotten serious with someone his type, both man or woman, would have been the reliable, sensible and doting type who could keep someone as frivolous as him down. Yet it turns out... he likes to be the sensible caretaker in the relationship? 

He just wanted to be a precious little baby okay?

Why must he have to use his brains to figure out how to stop his stupid man from digging pits for himself?

Where! Is! My! Domineering! Overpowered! Gong!?

Bebe: '...' It's probably because you're such a cheap shou that you can't afford a high-quality gong pfft ( ><)

Jia Hyson: '...' For some reason, I'm feeling really murderous. (   )

Sefu strides over to Jia Hyson tilting his head up to look him in the eyes. His black and silver eyes staring intensely into his golden ones hungrily as if this was the last time he would ever see him again. "Well," Sefu sighs, voice rasping into a melancholic whisper as he straightens his posture and puts his hands behind his back, "It turns out that it's really the case."

The moment he finishes, Jia Hyson feels his assailants release him, he turns around in surprise. The other black-clothed men had also released the protagonists, and they were all running outwards to attack the surrounding rebel guards with brutal efficiency. 

"What is the meaning of th- ah!" The Royal Advisor Rebel was tackled down by the Second Prince Chuma, and the First Princess with the help of the First Prince was busy fighting with the Rhino Chief, in their hands were short, but sharp daggers which Jia Hyson realised must have been passed by the black-clothed men while they were 'subduing' the family. 

"SEFU YOU BASTARD!" The Rhino Chief yells, even if he was more brawn than brains, it was easy to tell Sefu had betrayed them. The Royal Advisor Rebel's face was also not good, though that could partly be attributed to the fact that the youngest princess, Princess Koffi was beating him till he was black and blue while Second Prince Chuma restrained him. The rest of the royal family were less resentful and more practical and had scattered to help the black-clothed men to capture the surrounding rebels. 

"The calvary is here!" From the gates that lead out of the palace, a swarm of Samotrelians lead by a much thinner and dirtier looking Third Prince Jaleel ran in with a roar. Upon seeing such a ferocious crowd, all ideas of escape were utterly extinguished in the minds of the remaining rebels. Quickly the big confrontation which had been built up for so long was finished just like that.

Finally, once the chaos was finally contained and the dust had settled, Jia Hyson then realised... Sefu Karamoy was gone.




Sefu Karamoy, the people say, is a traitor.

They've seen the video of him threatening Prince Farrell with his family. They're witnesses to his misdeeds. He is a white eyed wolf who had harmed his masters for greed and ambition.

Sefu Karamoy, the rebels say, is a traitor.

Everything was fake. The betrayal, the excuses to keep the royals alive, the elaborate and public threat that should have completely crushed their opponents' wills to fight... they had believed in him and they had fallen into his trap. He is a turncoat. A coward.

Sefu Karamoy, Third Prince Jaleel reveals, is the true Anti-Rebel Leader.

He had made preparations long before the rebellion and had contacted him secretly about the problem. Because he himself did not know the others' identities other than they were entrenched deeply they hatched a plan to lure the lice out of the woodwork. They didn't tell the others to avoid beating the grass and scaring the snake, and they couldn't reveal Sefu's true side for fear of someone figuring it out.

Sefu Karamoy, King Kro declares, is a good man.

He had fought to keep the royal family as safe as he could while eliminating the enemy with as little casualties as possible. To even go so far as to sacrifice his reputation and more in order to maintain the rebels trust... how can he not be a good man?

Sefu Karamoy, Song Chuntao huffs, is really mental.

Even though the royal family wasn't aware of it, Song Chuntao who took care of Farrell after he had escaped, knew that he wasn't as kindhearted as the others believed. That time Farrell spent in captivity... she had caught sight of the markings and the collar, it was easy to see that he had forced himself onto her best friend. Even if he did so many good things, she can't help but dislike him for that alone.

Not to mention, Farrell trusted him with his life, and the way Farrell had refused to fully believe his betrayal after everything... the fact he couldn't give the same trust to Farrell...

Really, really mental.

Sefu Karamoy was a lot of things to a lot of people. But one thing was the same.

Sefu Karamoy was gone.

And he didn't seem to be coming back.

Jia Hyson refused to accept this dog blood bullshit.

So Sefu's plan was to do a Severus Snape albeit a way more successful version given he didn't a) die, and b) come out of this whole thing still a virgin. He kept his rebel identity to both kill off the rebel threat and allow him to have the opportunity to taste the heavy flavour of a yandere-esque love, essentially having his cake and eating it too. However the consequences to the latter action of course, would obviously give him a death sentence if it got out. Presumably out of guilt or maybe in order to spare Jia Hyson the pain of seeing his tormentor again, Sefu directly left.

Again. Dog blooded bullshit.

And Jia Hyson was the stupid female lead who is going to forgive him for all that bullshit. Once he finds him and beats him until he cries daddy anyway.

The problem was that Sefu not only was a top quality Samotrelian man who excelled in wilderness survival, have also associated and worked with many ex-spies and computer masters who became Farrell's bodyguards that had been attracted by the high pay and relatively easy lifestyle. This meant the man was more than capable of going off the grid and not being found.

Jia Hyson: '...'

Talk about a fuck and run.

Furious at the turtle like personality of his lover, who had took forever to be coaxed out of his shell only to nibble some lettuce and immediately retreat back into hiding, Jia Hyson went on an international manhunt for Sefu. He was almost seven feet, dark skinned, muscular, with half his face scarred from old burns and two different coloured eyes! With social media running rampant how hard can finding this giant man be?!

After three months Jia Hyson could say, it was pretty hard. Pretty fucking hard actually.

He regrets hiring such professionals to work as his guards. If not how could Sefu be so proficient at this? Even utilizing the male and female leads to help him and take advantage of their halos have not produced anything substantial.

Seriously, is Sefu the male lead or is it Zheng Jinhai?! Fuck! ()

His guards which had 'betrayed' him but had actually followed Sefu to indirectly protect their small boss, had been fired in a fit of rage before Jia Hyson regained his senses and hired them back after a week, if only to ask them where Sefu went. When they replied saying they had no idea, Jia Hyson angrily fires them again.

The guards who had 'rebelled': '...' Does this mean this month's paycheck is off the table? 

The guards who had stayed and was rewarded with job security and improved monetary benefits: 'Hehe.'[$()$].The misery of others indeed taste better with money in their hands.

Finally the 'rebel' guards were temporarily rehired and given the task of finding Sefu. Jia Hyson also told them that he had hired two other groups with similar skillsets and whoever found his man first would permanently re-join the team. That was a complete lie of course, Jia Hyson didn't trust random mercenaries and all those with good reputation and true skills already had jobs or duties that his money couldn't sway. He only had these stupid morons now.

Of course, there was a good reason for the lie. After all, aren't incentives what drives a person's motivation to work harder? Jia Hyson needs to find his dumb turtle lover like yesterday.

Also... the expressions on those guys upon hearing this new condition in order to maintain their job really was priceless. Bebe recorded their response and used it as a reaction gif when texting with it's friends.

Finally after a whole year since the rebellion, Jia Hyson arrived in front of a small apartment door at the outskirts of C City- just a few hours away from the hotel Jia Hyson lived in. It was a poor, rather dirty apartment. The rent of all the tenants there probably couldn't even pay for the glass part of his gold rimmed sunglasses.

In his designer urban outfit, fitted with a white Gucci hoodie, Dolce & Gabbana ripped jeans and a stupidly luxuries Buscemi 100 MM Diamond pair of sneakers, Jia Hyson stood out terribly in such a rundown and drab place. However he didn't care about this nor the stares from the other tenants as he stood in front of the door number of the address Bodyguard F texted him.

He taps his foot nervously, hemming and hawing as he texts his bodyguards to surround the area in case Sefu wanted to turtle out of this situation and escape again. After another minute or so, Jia Hyson sighs deeply before knocking politely but loudly on the door and stepping aside.

Who knows if Sefu would check the little pinhole, see him, then run? It's better to wait until the door opens and force his way in.

As expected, the person inside takes a suspiciously long time to open the door. If it was really Sefu, with his speed, it wouldn't take so long for the man to react unless he was completely wasted due to alcohol or he was checking his surroundings cautiously.

Jia Hyson knows Sefu rather despises things like drinking and drug use and other such things that would reduce cognitive functions, removes inhibitions and encourage erratic behaviour. When he was younger Sefu would lecture him constantly about the terrors of such things and Jia Hyson pitifully could only get his first full glass of liquor when he was twenty-two.

He had felt quite wronged at the time, after all, he wasn't a big drinker. Personally he dislikes the bitter acrid taste that alcohol brings and prefers the sweeter taste of cocktails with lower alcohol content anyway.

...Though to be fair he loves drunk sex hehe.

Bebe: '...Bebe thinks you like anything with sex.'

Jia Hyson: 'That is not true, I have hard and soft limits on my kink list.'

Bebe: 'I don't even want to-'

Jia Hyson: 'SOFT LIMIT NUMBER ONE, WATERSPORTS. SOFT LIMIT NUMBER TWO-'

Jia Hyson spent two minutes reciting as many kinks that he wasn't very into, but may or may not be willing to do with some discussion. Bebe was both disgusted and vaguely impressed.

Bebe: 'You couldn't remember the name of your favourite pizza place you have consistently ordered from for three years but you can immediately list your top twenty soft limits and your ten biggest hard limits.'

Jia Hyson: 'Well I've been alive for so long, obviously after a while you occasionally think about these things ah.' A lot of his hard limits have turned into soft limits after some thought once he became a transmigrator.

For example beastiality used to be a hard no but now that there's a chance he'll enter a world with beast people or magical intelligent spiritual beasts obviously he can't miss out on that. And then there's vampires and the necrophilia kink, then incest drama play, then human furniture, then sex slave play...

Bebe:  'Why are all your garbage thoughts always so yellow?'

Finally after some time, Jia Hyson really couldn't take the waiting anymore.

Angrily he texts one of the guards to buy a box full of things at a nearby grocery and pay someone young to play mailman. Given his outstanding appearance Jia Hyson doesn't believe Sefu has been walking around shopping during this time and should be relying on delivery and online shopping for most of his needs.

Even if half of his guards had 'betrayed' him beforehand that didn't mean they had become less competent. If anything, further training among the superhumans that were Samotrelians had actually made them even more physically formidable than the guards who had stayed behind. It took them less than ten minutes to do the task, practically carrying a buffudled looking deliveryman they had picked up on the way by chance. It wasn't early in the morning anymore but the day was still young enough that the morning deliveries haven't finished their shifts.

The young delivery man was very perturbed, he had just been casually doing his job before suddenly these men in black stuffed ten thousand yuan into his hands and dragged him here in order to 'drop a thing'. 

If he didn't find this suspicious and shady then he really would be a fool. But what can he do? Could he run away so easily?

Like a timid quail he let himself be carried off to the poorer part of town, his sense of foreboding getting even stronger. What did they want him to drop off? Drugs? He hopes it's drugs and not some sort of self-detonating bomb ah.

He had read about some radical terrorist group that does this sort of thing overseas, but they at least used their own people! What is this, don't bring the delivery man into this mess ah, this one has never even placed a parcel the wrong side up okay? I'm a good delivery boy QAQ

Of course all that panic quickly turned into relief once the deliveryman saw Prince Farrell. It turns out this was one of the eccentric prince's abrupt competition or something then! He had read about what happened in Samotrelis and Prince Farrell had become quite low key since then, it was nice to know that he's bounced back and was playing around again.

More importantly, that meant his ten thousand yuan was real ah!

With an actual delivery man with a package, and one that works around the general area too, finally the person behind the door opened up once the delivery man left.

Sefu's villainous appearance was still as striking as ever but if one looks a little closer they could see how worn and haggard he was. If his appearance during the rebellion was him at the peak of his evil master plan, then his current looks were more in line with a foiled villain in jail after a lengthy timeskip.

Like, he wasn't doing badly in this metaphorical jail, so he wasn't completely wretched beyond belief or anything, but even people doing well in there will look worse than before after a while. Even his clothing, was stained, worn and ugly, giving him an unappealingly happy and unkept look.

Jia Hyson felt his eyes redden at the pitiful sight. This idiot. This fucking idiot.

He really loves him ah.

"Y-your highness?" Seeing Farrell so suddenly, and even near tears at that, Sefu's cold and tired facade cracks. Panicked he steps forward and, like he was handling porcelain, carefully and tentatively places his hands onto the other's shaking shoulders. Sefu wished to hug and stroke his sniffling little kitten, heart aching painfully at the sight. However he didn't dared.

He had done something unforgivable to his prince. Even if the truth comes out of him being the leader behind the anti-rebel group, once it came out that he took advantage of the rebellion to violate Prince Farrell... no, it should have came out. Knowing Prince Farrell's openness and vindictiveness he wouldn't let Sefu get away with disgracing him like that, even if it meant revealing what happened.

Sefu wasn't afraid of getting his sentence for such a heinous crime, he was ready to shoulder both his part in the rebellion and all his related crimes, real and faked. If it was just that Sefu would have never run and just accepted his fate.

But he was afraid of facing Farrell.

He was afraid of seeing his kitten hate him, loathe him. He doesn't want to see himself turn into an object of disgust in the eyes of the person he loves. He really couldn't bear it. So he ran like the coward he is.

Who would have thought his kitten would have chased after him?

"My prince, you..." Sefu hesitates, "how did you find me?"

Farrell snaps his head up, glaring angrily at him, "Did you think I just stumbled here by chance? Obviously I hired people to look for you!" He snaps, however the indignant and furious voice only felt bittersweet and sour to Sefu's ears.

"I was wrong my prince, you're so smart, of course you wouldn't let me go," Sefu almost instinctively and immediately coaxed.

Jia Hyson: '...I feel like I'm being belittled yet I suddenly feel shy and flattered.'

Bebe: 'It's the power of love ah---.'

Jia Hyson: 'Now I just feel disgusted.'

Bebe: 'By love?'

Jia Hyson: 'By your voice.'

Bebe: '...' 

"Why?" Farrell asks softly after the pair descended into silence. It's a question Farrell had asked Sefu constantly when in captivity. Such a simple question, a single word and it is one that Sefu could never give a good answer for.

Because he loved him?

Sefu bitterly grimaced, a trace of self loathing and hatred in his eyes.

Love was no excuse for his actions.

Sefu had simply been tempted. His precious and precocious kitten would be trapped in his cage. No one would know if he had done anything until it was too late.

When he first started to harbour thoughts of destroying the rebellion group, Sefu only briefly fantasised about taking the opportunity to completely own Farrell, forcing him down and marking him forever as his own. However logic and guilt and all sorts of other things dissuaded him immediately. It was easy to ignore the fantasy in the beginning, but as time kept on going and Farrell's bed partners and lovers kept on changing... that small fantasy became harder and harder to ignore until it finally became an obsession.

Even though he had planned everything out to root out the rebel forces, Sefu knew that life was full of uncertainties, and his own was sitting on a knife's edge. Any wrong move and he would most likely not be able to die an intact corpse.

In that sort of situation, how could he not succumb to his darkest desires and take what must not be taken? He wanted to die knowing his prince will live happily and yet at the same time he wanted to die without regrets. In the end he did both and he lived with what felt like everlasting regrets.

How could those feelings that pushed him to do such a dishonorable and unforgivable thing be love?

He didn't deserve to call what he had love after that.

In a way, Sefu was a relatively decent and self aware scum man. He didn't believe he was in the right or that just because Farrell seemed to physically enjoy it meant that it was okay. He was aware what he did was wrong and that both parties would be hurt but he did it anyway. And he didn't think all his virtues will somehow wash away this one sin.

But people were inherently selfish, and even though Sefu felt crippling remorse and regret he didn't want to kill himself either. But at the same time he couldn't be near Farrell anymore, not for Farrell and not for him. And so he left, choosing to go place to place for a few months to throw anyone following off the scent before finally settling where he was now.

Jia Hyson was a generous and frivolous prince who liked to flaunt money. He especially liked to give away precious and good looking things to his 'poor friends and allies' such as raw but precious gems, expensive and rare antiques and limited edition accessories. As his most favoured servant, to say Sefu was a rich man was almost an under-exaggeration. Sefu's current wealth could probably crush the ego of quite a few company bosses if they compared.

To pick such a trash place to settle down in... it could only be said that he was punishing himself in a small way to alleviate his sense of guilt.

Awkwardly, so unlike his usual slick-tongued self, Sefu slowly tries to explain his feelings and his most sincere apologies to his prince. It was the least he can do. As he keeps talking Sefu couldn't help feeling very emotional.

Talking about your faults and mistakes so openly is difficult to many, especially to people used to wearing various masks and lies like Sefu and Jia Hyson. By the end Sefu of his monologue, feeling explicitly vulnerable and ashamed of himself, had reddened eyes and a hoarse, trembling voice.

"In the end... I... this lowly servant has always harboured intentions toward your highness, and cannot bear to face you anymore. I'm sorry." Sefu steps away from Jia Hyson and bows, looking completely subservient, waiting for his punishment. "Do as you see fit with this wretched servant."

Jia Hyson's mouth twitches, unsure whether to laugh or cry. Still, he felt greatly moved. "Why are you so stupid?" His voice was also trembling faintly. He couldn't help but think that the scene was faintly ridiculous. Two big men standing at the doorway of a rundown apartment, one rich and trendy looking and the other poor and slobbish, both on the verge of tears... Aiyah if he was a bystander he would really find it quite a sight.

But he wasn't a bystander. He was the one trying to avoid being the first person to cry. And he was on the verge of losing.

"Even after everything... after, after all the things you did... to me.." Farrell stutters at the last bit, flushed and a little ashamed as he recalls the memories. It really wasn't good to bring them up in such a public area ah, for the sake of his face. However, embarrassing or not, he kept his eyes firmly onto Sefu, "Did I ever say I hate you?"

Sefu opens his mouth but then realises abruptly that he was right. However just because one doesn't say hate means that they don't hate.

Jia Hyson: '...Sefu, my Sefu, why are you making this so hard?'

Bebe: 'According to Bebe's tentative analysis the man probably harbors a lot of self-hatred, anxiety and low sense of self-worth partly due to his background and also possibly due to the fact that you fucked half the world at this point- and not him.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Ah, now that his system was so bluntly telling him this, he could see how he may have been in the wrong here.

After all, if you had a friend that you secretly had a crush on, who was attractive, rich and liked to play around with anything that moves, wouldn't you also feel quite insecure and cynical about a potential relationship with said friend? Of course not everyone would have this sort of mindset but Sefu was a naturally more gloomy person due to his past.

Jia Hyson recalls how adamant he was not to be the first one to confess due to his pride and selfish interest, and instead spent his days teasing Sefu and provoking him with his one night stands. All jokes aside, he really does feel guilty about it.

Honestly, ah. It's really all fun and games until you realize you're in love.

Bebe: '...' Doesn't that mean that if you didn't fall in love with him you would have happily played him to death?

Bebe silently recalls what happened to Symon and those other ex-lovers and how little Jia Hyson cares about their aftermaths. As expected of it's abnormal host, unless you can achieve a certain level of affection or at the very least, dependence from him, this scum will really see you as nothing but things to toy with and half-heartedly cherish.

Jia Hyson: 'Uh, can you not be judgemental right now?   I'm having a romantic moment here.'

Stepping forward, Jia Hyson reaches out and slaps his hands against Sefu's cheeks, his palms firmly squishing the older man's surprised expression as Jia Hyson glares at him with glittering golden eyes. "Sefu," He takes a deep breath, "I love you."

Sefu stares at him blankly. With his face being squished by Jia Hyson he looks particularly dumb and foolish.

"I've loved you for a long time." Jia Hyson continues, barrelling on with a heated face. After all, his actions in terms of romance was probably equally, if not more so, as unfathomable as Sefu's. To explain it was undoubtably embarrassing. "I, I, you're so mature, and always taking care of me, and I don't know, I realised I couldn't imagine living without you by my side and I wanted more but," Jia Hyson coughs, even more ashamed, "I didn't believe you could be interested in someone so childish so, I, ah, I figured if I slept with others and uh, teased you a bit you may be more interested in me. As a man."

Bebe: 'Wow. This thinking... Aren't you just a scummy man child?' (_)

Jia Hyson: 'Wow. This voice... Didn't I tell you to shut up?' (_)

Bebe: '...' Do you really need to have the last word for everything QwQ

With a humiliated expression, eyes wet with unshed tears, Jia Hyson shuffles even closer to Sefu. They were so close they breaths intermingled with each other. If Jia Hyson took even half a step more he would practically be rubbing himself on the other.

Softly he whispers, "When you... that time we had together... I was secretly a little happy ah."

If Sefu looked like he had been suddenly given 100 points of damage before, this time he had gotten a big critical hit. Jia Hyson could feel the man's face grow warmer and his breathing turned harsher. This response not only pleased Jia Hyson greatly, but it also helped settle some of his nerves from confessing.

Biting his lower lip, Jia Hyson then faintly and shyly smiles, "It was a great relief to know that you weren't really a rebel. I, I knew we had a lot to talk about but I was confident that things would work out." Then his expression changes into something bitter and pained, "Who knew you would have left?"

With a face that clearly expressed a 'baby has been wronged, baby wants hugs' feeling, Sefu's heart which had already been shaken like a maraca, couldn't help but completely soften into half-melted butter. He had spoilt his kitten for so many years it's practically ingrained into him at this point. "It would be the greatest honour you could give to this lowly servant if you take me back my prince." He quietly rasps, "I swear I will never leave you again if you do."

Jia Hyson couldn't stop himself anymore and kisses him.

The kiss was filled with heat. It was all hot, hard and demanding as Sefu immediately grips him closer in some fervored attempt to be able to touch every part of him, making up for all the lost time he foolishly let slip through his fingers. Jia Hyson doesn't hesitate to reciprocate just as fiercely, hands sliding down from his face and moving his arms to wrap tightly around his man's strong and thick neck, urging his face as close as comfortably possible toward his own.

Both of them were physically strong but Sefu of course, was naturally stronger, and after a short while Jia Hyson's aggressive stance faltered as he began to reach the limits of his lung capacity. Sensing the weakness, Sefu mercifully slows down but doesn't stop, forcing Jia Hyson to submit meekly in the battle and allow him to domineeringly plunder as he likes.

Jia Hyson was breathless and his lips and tongue were tingling in pleasure as they are forcefully but not violently, ravaged. It was an odd mix of tender yet firm domination that really made him excited. However no matter how nice the kissing was, as a wanton person who has led quite a wanton life, how could he be so easily satisfied after so long in celibacy?

"Nghnn... Mah- ah- shter..." he manages to groan out, making it sound as pleadingly wretched and aroused as possible.

This sort of manner of lewd seduction, it could be said Jia Hyson truly excels at it, and Sefu is more than eager to take the bait and become his victim. Eyes darkening and breath rapidly increasing in excitement, Sefu finally breaks the kiss and grinds his heated groin against Jia Hyson. "Kitten... you, don't push me too much," he warns.

Jia Hyson smiles mischievously, leaning backwards, only supported by his lover's strong arms encircling his waist as he pulls his right arm close to his chest, pulling down the sleeve to reveal the Tiffany turquoise dog collar tightened around his wrist like a bulky leather bracelet. Deftly he unfastens the collar from his wrist and gestures for Sefu to help him put it on. "What if I am the one who wants to be pushed ah?"

Bebe: 'That doesn't even make sense.'

It didn't have to make sense apparently. The seductive tone was enough for Sefu to completely snap. In a show of strength that proved that he hadn't been completely wasting away all this time, Sefu lifts Jia Hyson up. Enthusiastically, Jia Hyson tightens his hold around his neck and wraps his legs around Sefu's waist, letting himself obediently be carried to the bedroom while being peppered with kisses and sweet raspy words.

That night the whole apartment was filled with the ambiguous sounds of love.

And the morning after.

And the afternoon after.

And the evening after.

Other tenants: '...' We want to complain but we sold our sleep for ten thousand yuan.

Guards: '...' As expected of our bosses, they are truly mighty ah.




"Sefu..." Jia Hyson groans softly, toes curling as the feeling of a hot and wet mouth swallows down his dick. All in all, it's a wonderful way to wake up. 

Sefu pulls away slightly, his warm lips sliding up his aching shaft. Jia Hyson groans again, much louder as he's now more awake and aware of the pleasures assaulting his body. 

His vocal encouragement spurred Sefu on further, using his tongue to rub the underside of his length as he massages his balls, lightly pinching the sensitive skin. The pain only fuels Jia Hyson's ecstasy, and it doesn't take long for him to finish with a sharp gasp. 

Sefu swallows before crawling up so he's facing Jia Hyson with a faint smile, his arms caging the relatively smaller body beneath him. Jia Hyson, blissed out from his climax smiles back. 

Using his abdominal muscles, he does half a sit-up, reaching to give his lover a peck on the cheek for a blowjob well done. "Morning," He greets, voice still a little rough and husky.

"Morning," Sefu's naturally husky voice rasps, even rougher and huskier given that he's the one whose mouth did most of the work. He moves in for a more intimate mouth to mouth kiss before Jia Hyson stops him with a complex look. 

"We should brush our teeth first," Semen and morning breath is an intensely foul combination ah. 

This wasn't like in the stories where one can just deep kiss someone the first thing in the morning, and it apparently tastes like sweet honey candy. Well. Drake's morning kisses did but who asked him to be a stallion male lead in a cooking romance story, huh? He was like a walking magical everlasting gobstopper where the more you lick, the more flavours you get.

Ah, it was beyond ridiculous, but it sure was tasty. Jia Hyson wouldn't mind bagging up another flavour-oriented protagonist if the story permits it next time. 

Sefu gives him a wronged look but obediently pulls away, choosing to kiss his neck instead, "Whatever my spoilt kitten asks for," He murmurs.

Jia Hyson's breath hitches in his throat under the ticklish feeling, the slight scratch of his stubble against his sensitive skin exciting him greatly, "Well, this kitten wants to play, master-" he purrs, wrapping his still slightly loose limbs around the handsome figure of his lover, intent obvious. 

His breath was not the only one quickening in arousal. Sefu's face broke into a perverse leer that made Jia Hyson grin widely.

It was a good morning. 

Unfortunately, it was cut a little short.

Just as they were about to go for a second tumble under the sheets, Jia Hyson's phone went off. 

"My prince," Sefu rasps with a hint of discontent as he saw his lover instinctively reach out toward the source of their rude interruption.

"It's my phone Sefu," Jia Hyson laughs exasperatedly, "How can I ignore my baby if it calls for me?"

Sefu: '...' This naughty kitten really likes making me eating vinegar ah. 

Aggrieved, Sefu bites and scrapes his teeth on Jia Hyson's nape and chest but doesn't stop him from reaching out for his 'baby'. 

Looking at the screen Jia Hyson raises an eyebrow, "It's Chu Chu,"

"Ignore it." Sefu lifts his head up immediately says.

Pinching the older man's unscarred cheek Jia Hyson coos playfully, "How can you be so jealous and cute?" It really... really makes him want to put a green hat on him again ah. Unfortunately, Sefu is adamantly against cuckold play. 

Such a shame.

Feeling uncomfortable with the strange expression in his prince's eyes, Sefu follows his instincts and rolls out of bed. "I'll.. I'll go order breakfast." He turns back only to press a chaste kiss on Jia Hyson's forehead, "Do you want anything specific?" 

"I want some deep-fried oysters," Jia Hyson contemplates, "and a breakfast smoothie. You can decide the rest, I trust you." 

Sefu smiles, bright and warm, "Okay then," he leaves the room. 

Jia Hyson lays on the hotel bedroom and lazily answers the call with a content smile. "Chu Chu? What's up, girl?"

His smile freezes. 

"Zheng Jinhai has amnesia??"

...

Jia Hyson had been happily living a life of marital bliss with his scarred villainous bodyguard for only about a month. After reuniting they had immediately left the shabby apartment, though not before buying the entire building to commemorate the event. Jia Hyson plans to renovate it so it's much nicer to live in while still retaining its dirt-cheap prices.

And of course improve the sound proofing ah. He plans to have his anniversary there after all.

Bebe: '...What on earth are you planning to do on your anniversary?' 

Jia Hyson: 'Wouldn't you like to know-'

Bebe: '...'   Bebe would not. 

After it was confirmed most of the rebels were captured and imprisoned, the Samotrelian Royal family released information regaling Sefu's role in the whole civil war. The public loved it. They loved it even more after the subsequent declaration that Prince Farrell and his double-agent loyal guard Sefu Karamoy got together afterwards. 

This sort of dramatic star crossed lovers, filled with the pressure of war and espionage... how can it not make the people's excitement burn? It was better than reading about British royalty getting married in every way. 

The British royal family is known for old etiquette and elegance. In comparison, the Samotrelian royal family with Jia Hyson in the limelight was more like the nouveau rich who liked to flaunt and party. For a lot of the younger generation, they prefer the trendy Prince Farrell over any royal Tom, Dick or Harry. 

Also, he was far more attractive. 

Anyway, the point is, Jia Hyson is happy, Sefu is happy, the Abioye royal family is happy, the general public is happy, and it seems that everyone is in support of their relationship.

Of course, that's under the premise that no one knows what actually happened when Jia Hyson was under house arrest. After all, if his loving parents or siblings ever found out about that... It's better not to imagine it.  

Song Chuntao however knew. And she was less than impressed. 

They had actually gotten into an argument over it, but eventually she had reluctantly accepted the status quo after Jia Hyson spouted a lot of cheesy and romantic words about secret love and all that nonsense. It was more or less true. But it was still embarrassing. 

But he would rather spit out a whole soliloquy of love than deal with this.

Jia Hyson looks at Song Chuntao helplessly, then looks down to see a memory-impaired Zheng Jinhai hugging his waist. Zheng Jinhai's eyes were bright and childlike as he smiles adoringly at him- something he's never done in all his life. "Mummy!" He calls out again.

Jia Hyson: '...Are you sure it's amnesia and not brain damage?' 

It turns out this was partly Song Chuntao's fault. Zheng Jinhai got amnesia due to being shoved and hit on the head by some cannon fodder businessman he bankrupted and not only lost a lot of memories but also regressed to the mental state of a five-year-old. She was trying to show Zheng Jinhai photos of his family and friends in order to jog his memory, but when introducing his parents to him, she didn't look at her phone properly and ended up swiping to a photo of Prince Farrell. 

It was a classic misunderstanding trope where Zheng Jinhai was hesitant to believe it at first and Song Chuntao- who still didn't look back on the phone screen- insisted it's true until Zheng Jinhai is finally convinced. By then, she looked at her phone and realized her mistake. 

"Mummy?" Zheng Jinhai cocked his head, cutely, "Mummy what's wrong?"

"...It's nothing," Jia Hyson grits out as Song Chuntao quickly whispers all this in his ears. 

"Miss Chuntao, please step away from my boyfriend," Sefu orders coldly, with his hearing he was able to listen to what she was saying, but that didn't mean he liked her so close and intimate to his kitten. 

It could be said they held a mutual dislike for one another. Song Chuntao didn't like him because in her mind he's just a beast that happened to have good intentions. Sefu didn't like her because other than himself she's the person who Prince Farrell has hung around the longest that he has had a sexual relationship with. 

Song Chuntao rolls her eyes but does so anyway. She also wants to snap and ignore him but who told Sefu to be built even bigger and sturdier than her stupid CEO boyfriend ah? She's seen Farrell's pictures of the man shirtless. Even if she doesn't like him, ten-pack abs can't lie. That man is buff as hell. 

Zheng Jinhai, who had only just noticed Sefu's existence, immediately- like most children who first see Sefu- immediately goes stiff with fear. He even had a faint sheen in his eyes, like he was ready to cry at any moment.

At least they could now confidently say that the man wasn't faking it.

Jia Hyson who was watching Zheng Jinhai's reactions interestedly couldn't help his slutty heart from quickening a little at the way the handsome male lead was holding back tears. He was a big domineering man with a cold face, and yet he was wearing an innocent and timid expression, looking so easy to bully. This gap moe was really... mhmmm...

Bebe: 'Host, your man is blackening again.'

Sefu: '...' Hehe, my kitten really has such itchy claws, really makes me want to bind them up.

"Who, who are you?!" Zheng Jinhai asks defensively. Even with the mindset of a child, he's still the arrogant male lead; his backbone is stronger than most children his age. 

Sefu's mouth tilts upwards into a sneer that only highlighted his villainous appearance and scarring. The harsh hospital lights also did not help, "I'm the one fucking your mum." He spat.

Zheng Jinhai: '...'

Song Chuntao: '...'

Jia Hyson: '...Sefu, you've changed.'

This time, Zheng Jinhai really did burst into tears.

...

Jia Hyson and Bebe really didn't have much of an idea of how to cure the amnesia. From the original story, the amnesia was very Song Chuntao-centric, and thus it was solved in a very Song Chuntao-centric manner like rescuing her, taking a hit for her, recalling a memory of her, finding an important item that was related to their love... all are legitimate and decently satisfying ways to solve an amnesia trope but using all of them makes it incredibly bland. 

Still, it should be one of them. 

"I don't like carrots mummy! Fairy Sister, help me!"

It better be one of them.

"Why is Chu Chu, Fairy Sister and I'm someone who looks like I've gone through a pregnancy?" Jia Hyson leans over to complain in a hushed whisper as Song Chuntao coaxes a childish Zheng Jinhai to eat his dinner. Because of his... new preconceived notions about the world- like the identity of his mother as one prominent example- they had to all live together temporarily. 

Jia Hyson wasn't that unhappy with it. Chu Chu is a fun roomie, Zheng Jinhai was quite cute acting like a literal man child, and it wasn't like he was doing much except for Sefu every night. Plus... trying to do naughty things quietly when his friend and 'son' was under the same roof as them was really stimulating. 

Makeshift gags, dubious consent play, slight exhibitionism play, even casual shower sex... all these things become even more exhilarating with the knowledge someone could actually find you at any time. Could hear your wanton moans, and pleading words for more.. 

Bebe: 'Bebe can hear your wanton moans and pleading words for more.'

Jia Hyson: 'Do you want a prize or something?' Obviously it's very different ah! His cheap system has already seen nearly everything of him, how can it be exciting anymore? 

Bebe: 'The only prize I want is a new host.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Why must we hurt each other like this?

Overall, it was not enough to complain about for now when the situation is still very novel.

"At least you're not 'Scary Face Grandpa,'" Sefu whispers back with good humour. He was also fond of the sex, so his mood was surprisingly very good despite it all.

Last night he even got his prince sobbing, trying to lower his voice as he fucks him against the bedroom wall. Until Farrell admitted Sefu was the best he had ever had, and how he can't live without being fucked by his dick every night like a slut, he wasn't allowed to cum. 

Ah, just re-imagining the scene was enough to keep his generous mood, even in the face of Song Chuntao and her amnesiac brat of a boyfriend. 

Song Chuntao did not share the good mood, shooting Sefu small glares between coaxing her cute boyfriend. Do you think she couldn't hear them last night? She knows very well that when Farrell gets to stimulated he can be very loud, it was clear that Sefu, the bastard, did this on purpose to get back at her for that one time before.

She hates that it works. More importantly, she hates she can't counterattack because her lover is now mentally a child. It was such a pity too; she had just recently gotten Zheng Jinhai to respond well to anal stimulation right before this whole mess happened. 

First, she lost sleep because of them, and now she was being fed their dog food. Her mouth tasted both the sour taste of lemons and the sickly sweet flavour of sugar, watching them whisper and giggle with each other. She stares at Zheng Jinhai who was nibbling his boiled carrots with a bitter look, hating iron for not becoming steel.

In the end, after four weeks of cohabitation, Song Chuntao got kidnapped. It was a situation that only the Zheng Jinhai with his memories would know who was behind this and where Song Chuntao was held as they had only left a vague, ambiguous message. 

There was a time limit, and Jia Hyson and Sefu had to try various ways to unlock his memory before getting frustrated, yelling at Zheng Jinhai, shaking him hard and leaving to try to locate her themselves. Ten minutes later, a fully functional Zheng Jinhai walks in with all the answers.

Jia Hyson assumes there was a mental breakthrough involving a lot of monologuing and flashbacks, but he can only read the renewed story to know.

Song Chuntao was timely saved, Zheng Jinhai never got another bout of amnesia again, and Jia Hyson knew the story plot has officially ended. Now he could happily and freely live out this life with a handsome, kinky lover, a protagonist best friend and enough money to reconstruct Atlantis.

Sefu and Song Chuntao never got along no matter how long time passed. However Song Chuntao still excitedly agreed to be Jia Hyson's maid of honour at his wedding.

Even though most of this world have not legalised gay marriage, Samotrelis was already a place which did not view homosexuality with a narrow mind, and it wasn't rare to see men married to each other. Not to mention, this island was their home. So Sefu and Jia Hyson held both their engagement party and their wedding in Samotrelis. It was very beautiful, though admittedly quite gaudy as it was filled with gold and gems and all the natural treasures this luxurious island can provide.

However, as Jia Hyson's first-ever wedding, he felt that such an ostentatious show was only as expected ah. 

With Drake, they didn't have legalised gay marriage for a long time, and by the time they did, the pair didn't bother with it, already too old to care about a big wedding, content just knowing they'll spend their whole life together. Now though, they're both at the prime of their life and their peak too. A big, fat Samotrelian wedding is exactly what they wanted. 

All sorts of people came.

The First Prince Asafa and his lover, the most beautiful man from the mermaid tribe Mo Momo. It turns out Mo Momo rejected Third Prince Jaleel because he had been secretly in love with the first prince all along. It's only recently did the First Prince finally reciprocate his feelings. 

Symon and his masters also attended the ceremony. All six of them. Yeah. They're all still together. It seems he's doing pretty well being the sole beloved of six handsome, strapping young men. Jia Hyson is not jealous of that at all. Not. At. All.

Zheng Xin came and surprisingly got together with Third Prince Jaleel. They met at Jia Hyson and Sefu's engagement party where... well, Jia Hyson isn't fully sure what happened, but from he gathers from between the lines, it was definitely not a story they could tell their parents about. 

Second Princess Koffi brought a little pale-faced K-pop star to the reception and announced she was pregnant.

Overall, it was quite a big dog blooded mess.

Jia Hyson wouldn't have had it any other way.

Well. That's not true. There was so much he would have wanted to change. 

But in the end, standing right at the palace gates in front of Sefu, clasping his hands with a smile, Jia Hyson felt he couldn't be any more satisfied. 

"Will my prince let this lowly servant accompany you for the rest of our days?" Sefu rasps. Even though his back was straight and his face intimidating, Jia Hyson could feel the slight tremble in his hands. 

Jia Hyson squeezes them softly, "I do." He had much more to say, in fact, he had written pages and pages of different but equally moving speeches beforehand but at that moment he could barely squeeze out those two words, almost too overcome with emotion to say anything else. "This prince will not take anything less than a lifetime." He teases, but his voice shakes.

"Perfect," Sefu's voice was also even raspier than usual, but it was brimming with happiness. 

"You may now kiss the groom."



Arc 4 Beta Get Your Claws Out




"So class, as a fun assignment, I think we should dig into our old childhood memories and see if we can find a piece of artwork or maybe even a story we had written ourselves, and try to improve it." A beautiful and sweet-faced teacher declares.

Mu Yingxue pulls a face but obediently writes down the assignment in her notebook. AIyah, to look at their old stories... isn't that asking them for second-hand embarrassment ah?

Creative writing class was an elective that the university had recently added in order to encourage students' artistic side. it was also to act as a breather given how the education board finally caught on to the fact that there were many students committing suicide these past few years due to the stress and pressure of their academic studies and familial expectations overwhelming them. Now everyone must have at least one 'breather' class per year.

Many people were quite pleased by this. Who didn't like an easy class ah? You can slack off and most of the assignments don't even require much effort other than imagination and some literary wit. Even then, there wasn't even that many assignments making it a heaven for the busy students. 

Mu Yingxue also had felt this way when she first heard about this. Unfortunately, her teacher for this creative writing class was replaced last minute by a way too enthusiastic woman called Teacher Xi. Now there seemed to be a small assignment each fortnight. There was barely any critique or lessons about the best way to write a story or imagery or anything either. It was almost as if she only came solely to make them all write various stories.

She was so totally going to complain about this later.

Heading back to the dorms Mu Yingxue decides to get a head start on the creative writing assignment. It seemed to be a pretty big one given that Teacher Xi provided a fairly generous deadline of five weeks this time. Well, that was expected since she apparently expects a pretty generous amount of story to have been written by then. Teacher Xi had assured them the story doesn't necessarily have to be finished but it has to be over 25,000 words. 

Which was almost as long as a thesis ah. 

"What a pain," she mutters irritatedly, unfortunately she was a bad student that really needed this class to pull up her grade. 

Luckily for her, when she was younger she had written a story that was terrible- but was long enough to be over 25,000 words. If she just re-edited and added some new things in, she was sure to get a good mark.

However, she felt a little unwilling to dredge up her black history. It was embarrassing and the bad reviews really hit her sensitive teenage ego hard. It was something she has tried to desperately block from her memory. 

...Unfortunately her pride won't improve her grades so some sacrifices must be made.

Heaving a heavy sigh she enters a reading platform that she hadn't used for years. When she opened her old account there were quite a few messages that popped up. 

A lot of them though was just notifications for new reviews from her story, the latest one two years ago. 

Opening the story statistics, Mu Yingxue stared at the low rating given to her work with mixed feelings. On one hand, this was something she put a lot of effort and pride into when she was in middle schooler, even dreaming it could be picked up by a passing editor and making her the next big author for all teenage romance stories. 

On the other hand... well, at least it won't be too hard to improve it ah.

Big assignments like this always had small parts. This was partly to help guide the students and let them achieve better results, but to be frank it was mainly to forcibly teach them time management and prevent them from slacking off until the last minute. Mu Yingxue had to hand in both the link to her original story and the draft of what she has done so far as well as a basic idea of what she plans to do with the rest of the plot. 

Given Teacher Xi's style, she had half expected the damn woman to hand it back to her the next day with a generic mark, and some generic comments and critique. Maybe something on grammar and characterization or something.

Who knew...

Looking at the email with her feedback, Mu Yingxue's eye twitched. She was unsure whether to laugh or cry. 

Add more about Samotrelis? You mean that throwaway random country she made up? Also, why was there already background dot points about Samotrelis' history, royal family and political climate?

Make Prince Farrell a second male lead. Eh? Did you just make up a character and force him on me? Also, why does he sound like such scum???

Give Zheng Xin a foot fetish? What the fuck is this?!

Drop the amnesia events? That's- okay that's valid, she was going to do that anyway ah. 

Overall it was the strangest feedback she had gotten. Mu Yingxue couldn't help but wonder who exactly was writing the story here. She's heard of hands-on teachers but isn't Teacher Xi too weird??? 

Or maybe that's part of the assignment. To incorporate these strange points into the story as an exercise in creative flexibility.

She texts some of her acquaintances in the class just to make sure she wasn't being trolled. 

Bright Little Snowflake: [Have you guys got your draft feedback yet? Teacher Xi gave me a lot of weird plot points I'm supposed to add in ah.]

Bright Little Snowflake: [Photo1.jpeg, Photo2.jpeg]

Dadadadan: [Eh? No way!  You too?! Heyo I thought I was the only one!]

Bright Little Snowflake: [I have to add a whole goddamn imaginary country with a slutty bisexual playboy prince who's gay as hell bodyguard is secretly part of the royal rebellion.]

Dadadadan: [Well Teacher Xi told me to bring in the concept of aliens in my fucking xianxia story!!! Aliens!!!  The Zerg kind with a hot Zerg king that ends up together with the gentle senior disciple character!!!! The MALE gentle senior disciple character!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]

I wanna dance with somebody: [lolololol that's nothing, I was told I have to completely turn my bland high school romance story into a fantasy epic with elemental spirit kings and such ah. Like what even.]

Pretty and Beautiful XiXi: [Oh thank god! I was wondering if Teacher Xi secretly hated me ah. She told me to make my male lead a man-hating woman who owns a jaguar and bend my protagonist!] 

Looking for Love: [ You mean the car or the big wild cat?] 

Pretty and Beautiful XiXi: [Both! And the jaguar cat should apparently be in love with the Jaguar car! yingyingyingying]

Bright Little Snowflake: [...]

Dadadadan: [...]

Looking for Love: [...]

I wanna dance with somebody: [...Teacher X sure has some hardcore tastes ah.]

...

"Bebe, what's my score?" 

"The story Highclass Heartbreak has now changed it's title to, Dancing Through Life. The author has turned it into a romantic comedy with dramatic elements and has been decently well received by readers with a 4.1 star average. Some reviews for this are as follows:

Hahahahaha this is the first time I've seen such a funny MC and the fact that she's not a virgin who's remaining pure for her (not so) scum male lead is really refreshing ah- I laughed so hard when it's revealed she wants to peg him hahahahaha!

Damn that Prince Farrell is so sexy lol. He's probably my favorite supporting male lead ever ah. And probably the most successful one as well hehe 

When I started this story I did not expect to get to a country's rebellion plot at the very end- and I did not expect it to be so funny, like damn Farrell keep it in your pants.

Nope. Can't deal with the secondary couple. Prince Farrell was great but I hate he was paired with such a rapey character. The story is still good if you can get past that but I can't. Dropped. 

Author is disgusting using black people in their story like this. Clearly, the author isn't African lol. The way you describe black people with words like 'exotic' or describe them like animals are offensive. One star. You should be ashamed.

Upstairs what is your problem? Nobody said Samotrelis is African, and not all black people are African either, if you read the A/N then you would know places like Malaysia etc were strong influences of inspiration. Also, while it's not the best description, 'exotic' isn't offensive either. Asians to other races can also be considered 'exotic'. It's literally just a different way of saying foreign, seriously. Also which stories don't involve describing characters as animals as some way ah? That's a fucking normal use of descriptive imagery you sensitive .

Lol author, I really do respect that you tried to put people of colour in here and I don't care at all about the so-called 'offensiveness' but given the amount of shit you're getting in the reviews you probs should have just stuck with the usual stuff ah. Still, it's really a great story, super fun and original (ignore those haters upstairs). Refuel!

The main character isn't stupid or naive, but she isn't cold and calculating either. I love that Song Chuntao seems to be more or less a normal person in some frankly weird ass and cliche situations (like that getting drugged and happening to meet and get together with Prince Farrell). Well, the whole secret identity honeypot thing was stupid but hey, it's to get the plot flowing and the antics were hilarious so I'll let that pass. Overall it's a solid and novel plot with interesting characters (male lead was a typical blah ML and the antagonist was meh but the side characters were great) 

I don't see why you had to make Prince Farrell gay. But other than that it's an okay story. I like the MC, but to want to fuck a guy up the ass is disgusting. I wish you didn't put that messed up sex crap in there. 

Hahaha is it weird that I wanted Zheng Jinhai, Song Chuntao and Prince Farrell as an endgame threesome relationship? 


Fuck! This is so good! So unique! Sort of wish Zheng Xin and Prince Farrell got together but that! Doesn't! Matter! Five stars! Five stars!"

Jia Hyson hums nonchalantly at the mixed reviews as he plays with a jagged shiny shard in his hand. 

The shard was vaguely trapezium shaped, with one side black and the other a light silver. Surprisingly the shard contained more black than silver. Though Jia Hyson supposed in retrospect Sefu did seem a little more like Monroe and Tian Shun than Drake and Li Guiren. 

Silently he regards the shard, before kissing it gently and placing it into the cupboard drawer where the other four shards were. All of them shined faintly as if in protests however Jia Hyson didn't notice, too caught up in his own thoughts. 

Overall the results were all more or less within his expectations. He didn't expect a bestseller after all given how controversial the sexual themes were. Homosexuality, bisexuality, promiscuity, and the fact that no one but the 'rapist' rebel bodyguard was a virgin... there was going to be a fair share amount of haters ah. "How many points and p do I get?" 

"Because the story is indeed improved but fails to grasp a strong popularity compared to your previous missions you earn only 5 points and 800p, however since this is a reward world, we will award you an extra 3000p. Your bonus points were mainly accumulated through introducing unique themes, providing character development and new interesting characters however most of these did not greatly affect the majority of the storyline and you lost 25 points for vulgarity and 3 points for ooc given that Farrell would not have accepted Sefu so happily after the kidnapping incident, giving us a total of 12 skill points on top of your base reward of 5."

"...I'll take it," Jia Hyson sighs. His expectations weren't too high in the first place. And in terms of p it's at least better than his first world rewards. Well, with the bonus added to it anyway. Besides, he didn't need to use any points or p in this reward world, and assumably not so much for the next reward world either.

Unfortunately, it also meant he had to tighten his purse strings and be much more stingy with his buying now. Still, basic necessities like food and material comforts don't cost much so he still wasn't feeling too much pain, just some annoyance.

"Ah, that's right," Bebe suddenly says before heaving a big sigh, "Bebe is obligated to give you this message."

"Hm? What message?"

Bebe heaves a bigger sigh before saying monotonously like it was reciting a script, "Congratulations Host for (somehow) surviving three worlds (despite being a mess of a human being)! You've (amazingly managed to) unlocked the following functions-"

Jia Hyson: '...Somehow I feel like I'm hearing a lot of insults between your words but for the sake of our friendship I'm going to ignore it _'

 Bebe: ' It's probably for the best,'

"-First is System School which we've already talked about beforehand. Your White Lotus Acting Class will begin in two days. We can now also unlock Side Missions and Hostland."

Side Missions are exactly what it implies, you can choose to take them on but you won't lose out if you're unable to do it. 

Side Missions can vary but the most common one is fulfilling the wishes and solving the regrets of the original body- after all most Wish Fulfillment systems and similar types will only pick bodies with great regret values or a certain identity that is related to the plot storyline such as the vicious supporting lead- they wouldn't focus much on background characters and mobs. Still, unlike those system hosts who were hired to face-slap and solve problems, most other hosts have a stricter ooc restriction so depending on the request, this sort of mission was also quite hard. 

Honestly, for these types of side missions, Jia Hyson who only gets a point deduction for ooc-ing would probably have no problem succeeding in. 

In retrospect, he probably has inadvertently fulfilled a lot of his characters regrets without meaning to. Adrian most likely would have wanted their family to not have broken apart. Bai Li Wei would have wanted revenge. And Prince Farrell wouldn't have wanted his kingdom to fall and to die an awful death via octopus. It's really a pity that he couldn't reap any of those rewards though. 

Another type of side mission is one given by the world's consciousness. After all, the world's consciousness has to work very hard to try mold itself to the Author God's requirements and needs, however, it also has self-awareness and interests. In a zombie apocalypse story, one could commonly see a world requesting them to solve the zombies and eradicate them from the planet. After all, zombies were rotting piles of dead flesh that moved, if you imagine dirty half-dead ants crawling all over your skin you would want them gone too.

Unfortunately for those worlds, that was also a difficult and commonly rejected mission.

Aiyah, aiyah, those worlds that request for side missions are very poor okay? The zombie apocalypse worlds have been tormented half to death by artificially induced zombie viruses, turning their babies into mutants and other strange things. They need a lot of energy just to keep everything going and do their best to maintain a semblance of order and balance to prevent the actual end of the world. 

In such a situation, do you think they can pay out such a good price while trying to live? No! Do you think hosts will do such hard difficult work with low success just for a relatively low amount of points?! No!! 

Other than gratitude what else could they get from that? It's really impossible ah. Only intelligent geniuses specializing in biological and chemical fields will take this, and possibly those who are skilled in cultivation and purification magic if applicable. Newbs will avoid them and experts may disdain the ratio of having to make big efforts in order to get small rewards. Unless it happens to match with their main mission, or if the hosts were eager to earn as many points and p as fast as possible, these sort of side missions were not especially popular.

Hostland was also quite a simple function to understand. Basically, it was a place to interact with other hosts.

"We are very considerate to our hosts," Bebe proudly shows off as it brings up a holographic screen which shows a video of several good looking people smiling and laughing in different scenes. If anyone had ever been to any good hotel ever, they would recognise it to be just like the default hotel advertisement slideshow videos one would get the moment you turn on the television in your room. "From the highest classes of restaurants to the simple nostalgic amusement parks, we even have cruises you can book, ranging from basic ship cruise to submarine cruise to interstellar."

"This.. this is quite amazing." Jia Hyson has to admit with wide eyes, "I can't believe you just let us enjoy ourselves like this."

"Hehe, of course," If Bebe had a face it would be smiling, however, it wouldn't necessarily be a nice smile, "for a price of course--"

Jia Hyson's awed expression stiffened.

Capitalism. Even after death he still can't avoid it.

Hostland was indeed a paradise. Unfortunately, paradise came with a very, very large price tag. A one week stay on a basic room in a luxury cruise across the ocean was 7,000p, not including extra services like massages, hiring diving equipment and other packages. Generally most missions of Jia Hyson's current level as a newbie- not including the Skill Upgrade World- would give him around 1000 - 2000 p. This meant it would've taken him at least four basic worlds and at most seven basic worlds to earn himself a week of basic luxury. 

As for the interstellar trip... forget it, forget it, just looking at the number made him want to shed bloody tears.

Aiyah, as a person who used to be a rich and spoilt prince, facing poverty again really hurts his heart. 

Luckily there were still places that one can access in Hostland that didn't require people to feel like they were cutting off their own flesh. Places such as night markets, food stalls, and cosy family restaurants and cafes had been simulated for their enjoyment. The prices were still relatively much more expensive compared to the things on Bebay but what they were paying for was also human interaction with fellow hosts. If they could exchange some stories and tips that may help them in the future wouldn't that be worth it?

Overall they were cliche but very useful functions. Jia Hyson would not complain about a free meal.

However Bebe was not done yet.

"Also.. After three worlds there is also an automatic download of two Unique Beta Host Skills: [Host Collaboration, Let me take you out to play baby-] and [God-given Gifts, darling you're my god given gift]." It announces.

Jia Hyson's eyebrows raise curiously. Most of the reward functions were more or less straightforward and easy to understand, or they were fairly common tropes of the Quick Transmigration genre. However, these two unique skills were something he's never heard before. The first skill, he has a little idea about, but the second one... other than the slogan being smooth as hell there really wasn't any big clues there. 

Thankfully Bebe, for all it's faults, it's many, many faults, was still a professional who loves to plug it's company's benefits.

Bebe: '...' Bebe probably deserves that but Bebe will not forgive it either. 

Bebe is flawless and beautiful 

Jia Hyson: '...' Don't know why but feels Disgusted.jpeg 

"Host Collaboration. It is a special Beta System exclusive skill that allows the host to look for other hosts, contact them, and bring them over to help the Beta system mission for the cost of 1000p per host. As a Beta system host who aims to improve the stability of the world, your mission will take precedence over most other system hosts. Those you contact will not be wronged however. Like with Worldbreakers, there will be a bonus reward and hosts will be allowed to ooc to a certain extent if required." Bebe seriously explains. 

From the news it received, this ability was a new and exclusive product made by Overlord Li Jun. Even though it's personality was a bit, meh, it's ability in skill research and development was top notch. Overlord Li Jun was also responsible for nearly singlehandedly programming the simulation worlds that make up Hostland which was no easy feat. Many people including Bebe had looked up to it with great admiration and awe, maybe a little desire. 

Overlord Li Jun was not only intelligent but handsome system okay? Someone took a photo of him once and many systems couldn't help but lick their screens at the beautiful row of data exposed. It was also revealed that he even had sixty-six consecutive 0s in his coding, making everyone's motherboards tremble in envy and arousal. This system was surely a winner in life. 

It's really unfortunate about his personality ah.

Just thinking about it makes Bebe click it's nonexistent tongue. That godawful personality. Like it's host but far more sleazier and unrestrained. Truly, terribly unfortunate. 

Overlord Li Jun: '...' Did you really have to say it thrice baby? QAQ 

However, Bebe doesn't voice out it's musings. It had no intention of letting this slag host meet that slag overlord system. For the sake of world peace if nothing else.

"Those hosts that help with your mission will also be able to live freely in the world with few restrictions. You should know host that this is an incredibly tempting offer in itself since most systems only have jobs that have a limited work visa. Once they finish their missions they only have so much time left before they're kicked out of the world by the world's consciousness."

Jia Hyson immediately understood. For those who had found compatible people to live with or a good family or a living situation they love, who wouldn't say no to being able to stay for a lifetime? The Safe Space was nice but for a lot of poor hosts who had to use their p to save their own lives and feed their stomachs, they can only be stingy with material items. 

Besides even a nicely decorated safe space will be lonely and boring after a while. Many people yearn to have a lifetime without having to worry about the pits their original bodies have them or working hard to faceslap or stay in character. Unfortunately easy Request Worlds require one to go through an excruciating Skill Upgrade world first and a Vacation World is only given after fifteen worlds were completed. 

So not only will [Host Collaboration] give the chosen hosts higher pay and better work conditions, they can also get a free vacation for the rest of their life there. No matter how it looks, unless the Beta system host is a slave-driving monster who asks you to die a heroic death on the battlefield, it's akin to a big pie falling from the sky.

"And the second one?" He questions, anticipation lacing his words. [Host Collaboration] was essentially hiring an assistant, it was immeasurably useful for his missions. Even if it cost some p, it really was quite cheap if one weighed the pros and cons ah.

"[God-given Gifts] allows you to act as a god and bestow a character a halo or to take a halo away."

Jia Hyson's face lights up in delight. As an author, who doesn't know the importance of choosing your main characters and supporting leads? They are the most pivotal roles in a story and, in terms of his missions, the hardest to improve.

For example, the male lead being an unrepentant rape-y bastard is a common problem for many female readers these days. Personally, Jia Hyson believes that as long as it's appropriately tagged and rated, who honestly cares ah, it's a fantasy. Fantasy. The people who actually believe that fictitious writings that involve rpe and murder would actually encourage other people to also indulge in the same thing... Jia Hyson can't help but roll his eyes at them. 

Anyone with common sense and a decent grasp on morality will know and comprehend how bad rape is in real life okay? But who says it's wrong not to have a few dark kinks and depraved thoughts? Just because people like to occasionally read and write these sort of things doesn't make them promoters of murderers or rpists or pedophiles. They certainly may glorify or romanticise it, it's certainly true but who would be interested in fantasising about getting pushed down by an ugly, mentally ill character like Leatherface??

...Actually some people might. Rule 34 and all. 

However, Jia Hyson also understands there are times when the character's settings are really too bad to the point even more clearheaded people like himself can feel a little uncomfortable or hold a great amount of distaste whenever he reads about them. For example when a male lead is pushed past the more acceptable dub con stage like x getting drugged by cannon fodder and y pushing or getting pushed down by them, and even past the barely sort of acceptable old cliche non-con events like forcing another down due to ABO reasons, dog blooded level misunderstandings, etcetera. 

Things like purposely drugging his future lover and taking them in bed then lying about it afterwards or blaming the other person, or maybe abusing their overpowered powers to corner the other person to live with them or even doing that stupid 'replacing their white moonlight with a substitute, then refusing to let go of the substitute later on because he realised he fell in love with the substitute too late and then somehow managing to get a happy end'. Not all of those was necessarily a heinous crime but it made a very important character incredibly unlikeable to the audience. Especially if this character does not manage to suffer enough to their satisfaction. This sort of thing will make a lot of people drop the story faster than dropping a handful of baby cockroaches. 

Of course, the ratings will also reflect this.

Unfortunately, given Jia Hyson's abilities as a Beta system host, he couldn't just play god and tweak someone's personality. 

After all, even though he gave the main character Maddy Fenwick from the first world a more financially stable and supportive family to grow up in, the main core of her personality- happy, optimistic, persevering and a touch rebellious and cheeky- was still present and unchanged. Not to mention, improving a personality is also much harder than corrupting them, especially with his fucking [Corrupter of Children] skill stuck on his soul. 

So rehabilitating terrible male leads is not only quite the impossible task, it's also a little, ah, hypocritical.

Bebe: '...It's very hypocritical actually.' 

After all, those people may be scummy but how could someone who was only slightly less scummy be able to preach to them without being struck by lightening ah? 

Jia Hyson: 'Shush, quiet you.' 

There's also unlikeable characters like the tsundere who may come off as idiotic and violent even to the most hardcore fans of those loli twin-tail stereotypes, the oblivious to the point of mental retardation female lead white lotus types, and even the socially incompetent and possibly even psychotic male leads who only have one OP skill that may or may not be provided by a system. Even though Jia Hyson would love to change them to at least be more bearable and human, it's no longer as easy as pushing the backspace button on his keyboard and rewriting them again.

So having this [God-Given Gift] unique skill is very good. If we hate the male lead? Give his halo to the nicer and more pitiful supporting male lead! If we think the white lotus is beyond saving? Pass it to that sweet girl at the cashier of his favourite coffee shop! Do you think this person needs more screen time? Hand over the gift of a supporting character halo! Hate the guy who bumped into you and didn't apologise? Throw out a cannon fodder halo.

Bebe: 'Why is it the more you continue the more despotic you sound?'

Jia Hyson: 'Hehehe.. so... much... power...'

Bebe: '...'  Someone should take away this guy's main character halo ah.

Unfortunately, it doesn't work that way.

"Even though it's very useful, it's a limited skill since it relies on the world's consciousness and even this world's heavenly will to help you. If the world and heaven is weak and poor, obviously they may not be able to even generate a supporting lead halo for you to pass on to someone much less produce enough excess energy to pull out a main character's halo." Bebe coldly pours water on his dreams, "Not to mention, no matter what, these characters will originally be favoured or hated by the heavens, you will need to fill in the revelant forms which will include an essay portion explaining why you have chosen to take away or give away a halo. If the heavens are not satisfied with the application they are allowed to reject it."

Jia Hyson: '...' Such a fantastical concept is ruined by this reality-crushing office work talk.

Still, even with it's many restrictions, Jia Hyson was fairly happy with his new unique skills. 

With this happiness bubbling in his heart, he decides to visit one of the cheaper places in Hostland. Maybe because he was recently still a Samotrelian, he couldn't help but crave for similar foods like Indonesian and Indian curries and other delicacies. 

Jia Hyson, in a good mood, dresses himself up nicely for his small 'outing'. Absentmindedly he touches his nose thoughtfully. Not only does he miss Samotrelian food, he also misses Sefu quite a lot ah. Maybe he might get lucky and meet a tall, dark and villainously handsome rebound? 

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe wish me luck Bebe,' ExcitedDoge.gif 

Bebe: 'Peh. What a disgusting slag you are.' Sefu Shard must be crying right now.

Sefu Shard: '...' 

Other Shards: 'Heh, welcome comrade. Have a green hat.' 

Sefu Shard: '...' He wants a refund on life.




That night Jia Hyson had a delicious meal of stacks of various types of roti prata and warm, flavorful Indonesian and Malaysian style curries. He also eyed up some very good looking hosts and even chatted up quite a number, especially interested in a dashing and militant host of a Bodyguard System whose missions involved protecting certain people, objects or even theoretical concepts like faith. 

It was very interesting since Jia Hyson had never read about such a system in the stories, not to mention the host was very talented in talking and handling the mood, it was easy to get sucked in.

However in the end, despite being a little tempted Jia Hyson couldn't seem to muster up any legitimate urges to go through with inviting the man for a night of fun. Even though he had thought to do something, even though the other host was clearly interested, Jia Hyson couldn't deny that instead of anticipation and arousal he only felt anxiety and some guilt. In the end, both of them parted amiably albeit a little reluctantly. 

Returning to his safe space, he touches his nose thoughtfully, a little absentminded. It seems it's a little too soon to play around ah. His heart's really not in it. 

Opening the drawer that contains the system shards, Jia Hyson stares at the five glass-like pieces with a complicated stare. He doesn't know what this Royal System did to make itself like this but for Jia Hyson to meet these shards consistently in every world was very hard to believe it's a mere coincidence.

Even though he hadn't fallen in love with all of them he at least held some strong feelings for each one of them. That in itself was quite a difficult to accomplish success rate given his attitude in dating in his original life. 

Jia Hyson didn't believe in love at first sight and was too impatient and frivolous in a relationship. Before he was bound to a system he lived thinking he had only one life, why should he waste even a drop of it because he wanted to see if he could make it work with this girl or that guy ah? So anytime he felt bored, irritated or sensed even a small amount of incompatibility toward the other person, more often than not he would initiate a breakup. 

...He agreed it was a slag move but hey, in his opinion it's better than wasting five years with a cheating green tea bitch scum partner. 

However with the shard personas, while he does occasionally think about leaving them or felt a little irritated or annoyed with them, the feeling of repulsion is much more tolerable. It's not particularly any magic or fate or some bullshit past life excuse though. After some thought, Jia Hyson can conclude it's simply due to compatibility.

Jia Hyson likes that they can act clingy and coquettish but also understand his need for quiet time and indulge his prevalent laziness. So far their tastes in food, music, and hobbies were not necessarily different to his own but also not exactly the same, just the right amount of crossover in interests to maintain something in common but not too much to get bored of each other. Overall, even if the other had a split personality, it seems both matches fairly well with his own fluctuating one. 

Analyzing this calmly and rationally Jia Hyson recalls his regret and guilt for not being kinder to Sefu. He touches his nose again, tapping it a few more times in thought. 

Maybe the next world he should hold more assumptions toward these personas and treat them a little more sincerely. If they disappoint him he can also treat them as completely unrelated people to their previous other shard personas once again anyway, it wasn't any skin off his back. 

After all, even if they are different people, they all form one system. Or at the very least, two personalities. Jia Hyson didn't believe that he can fall in love with all of them- after all, there's no such thing as loving an entire person, just loving them enough to ignore and accept their flaws- however he supposes that if he meets them it won't hurt to treat them a little better than just another passing acquaintance. 

...Especially since all the personas so far seemed to have retained variations of Sefu's turtle personality, refusing to confess for x years for fear of blah blah blah. Though Jia Hyson really loves the feeling of tricking someone else to confess to him first, he really couldn't win out against their cowardly endurance. 

Seriously. If there was an event for long term relationship chicken, all of them would be national champions.

Bebe: 'Hey, hey, Bebe thought of a joke.'

Jia Hyson: '...You can do things beside scold me?'

Bebe: 'Which came first, the relationship chicken or the scummy bad egg?' 

Jia Hyson: 'I don't know.'

Bebe: 'Neither,  the chicken ran away and the egg got cracked over a fight between hens huehuehue.' 

Jia Hyson: '...What an ugly laugh.'

Ah, that's right, other than scolding you can also insult me huh. Very good. When my man turns into a big Royal System and finally evolve into the big golden thigh I've always wanted let's see who'll be making egg jokes then. Sneer.gif

...

When he was transported to the training space assigned for the first lesson of White Lotus Acting class, Jia Hyson was greeted by a bunch of big men and middle aged woman. 

There were also burly looking muscle men, a punk rocker type girl filled with piercings and gothic black make up, a grandmother and what seemed to be a red-eyed demonic cultivator covered in fierce face tattoos and a middle aged emperor straight from an ancient china world. For a moment Jia Hyson was a little bewildered before he gathered his bearings again.

In a way it made sense. Those that didn't need the skill of white lotus acting are the ones who are already suitable to play it. Who would pay good p to learn what they already know? 

Still, imagining these people trying to sell meng and learn to cry on command.. his mouth twitches, unsure whether to laugh or cry. 

Bebe: 'Hehe. You should talk, ah.' 

Jia Hyson: '...Fuck.'

Jia Hyson's face immediately turns ugly at the reminder. He remembers now he's also in his original body, at the age at which he had died even. 

People probably say he had died young but it was still in his mid-fifties okay? Even though he works out enough to maintain his good looks and used a lot of skin care to retain some of his youth, time was a heartless bitch. He looked like he was in his late thirties, early forties at best. 

Even though he was very attractive, he now belonged in the description of a mature elegant gentlemen, a handsome intellectual dandy, an ideal daddy top for many. 

With his current appearance... the image of playing white lotus was not any less dissonant than the others. 

"Okay class, welcome to the introductory course of White Lotus Acting," A soft voice calls out, everyone turned their heads to see a young man with pale blue hair and entrancing violet eyes. He looked young and his limbs were long but not enough to make him look lanky or incredibly tall. His skin looked soft and his mouth looked even softer. Overall he had a sweet appearance that made sugar appear bitter in comparison.

Jia Hyson: 'Fuck,  I want him to reverse shota fuck this daddy.' 

Bebe: 'It really shows that you've recently been getting into small younger gong x older shou stuff recently ah.' 

Usually his cheap host would be thinking about fucking such a beautiful and meek looking man but after reading manga after manga of androgynous and baby faced gongs pushing down big men and older gentlemen down... Tch, tch, does it really matter? No matter what kink he currently favors isn't host still a pervert? 

The big focus was... when did Bebe get so dirty that it can immediately connect such nasty dots together?? 

Bebe was no longer pure and clean QAQ

Jia Hyson listened to his system 'yingyingying' with a black face. What pure and clean. This cheap system has been with so many other hosts, if all of them were virgins that never had sex for as long as it knew them than Jia Hyson will change his name to Dengtu Zi.


Even if his heart is so dirty that putting the color gray beside it makes it look white, that still doesn't stop it from being the fucking color gray okay? Pure and clean his ass! Pei! 

White Lotus Acting class was actually not to different from a normal class. The teacher, Guo Qing, would talk about what to expect from the class, the basics of what a white lotus represents and then show a variety of video clips, taking then as examples of what to do and what not to do as a good white lotus. Afterward, they would split into pairs and begin to act various scenes, swapping roles and switching partners every time. 

Despite his good grades, and his old school teachers' praises, Jia Hyson wasn't actually a very good student. Luckily, the theory behind White Lotus Acting he already more or less understood thanks to his love of reading and the online novels he has written. It was pretty straightforward stuff, be naive, be cute, don't show calculation unless your eyes, these sort of things.

However most of his classmates seem to be writing notes very seriously, like these were mind blowing new concepts that completely changed the way physics can be used. Watching them, Jia Hyson couldn't help but feel a little smug. Like a top student who had already done this weeks homework on Monday, surrounded by slag students who were rushing to finish their questions during a very panicked Friday lunchtime. 

It was a very good feeling ah. 

Jia Hyson: 'Hey, hey, maybe next world I'll ask to be a little genius young master entering high school. Won't I be a male god then? How nice would it be for the number one male god to get seduced by his lackey? Or pushed down by the school flower? Or sexually blackmailed by a teacher? Hehehehehehe.'

Bebe: '...' Why do all your ambitions always have the same rubbish theme?  

So when Jia Hyson and the others stood up to prepare to test out what they learnt, he felt very confident.

...

"My heart is beating so fast... if we do anything more, I'll die..." The middle aged auntie coquettishly places a slightly wrinkled hand over her chest to emphasize her words, her face a bit too red and eyes that weren't wet enough. Even though her voice was good, she looked more like she was on the verge of a heart attack then anything else.

Jia Hyson ignores the poor acting, staring at her like she was a tender fresh meat, swallowing heavily before pushing her down domineeringly, smile seductive yet lecherous but overall frighteningly hot, "Then I'll die together with you then." He whispers, handsome voice chillingly fervent and excited.

White lotus Auntie: '???' 

Fuck! Isn't that a yandere line? They agreed on a typical overbearing male lead type why is the other person giving himself such heavy tastes? 

"CUT!" White lotus teacher Guo Qing's mouth twitches. Jia Hyson was a decent actor but definitely a troublemaker. Unfortunately, his acting is more in line with playing the more seductive mistress role, the domineering male lead, the ruthless and cold blooded yandere and the spoilt, arrogant cannonfodder. In short, nearly everything but white lotus he can do fairly proficiently. 

Not to mention... he's either frightened or seduced most of the class with his non white lotus personas. And when he's playing white lotus he would get impatient and break out of character, resulting in him frightening or seducing the other party again.

Guo Qing had led this class for at least three years now and never had encountered such a 'genius'. 

"Jia Hyson, you'll pair up with me ah," Guo Qing sighs, rubbing his forehead vigorously. "Everyone else pair up with someone you haven't been with recently. Look through your notes and then discuss the best course of action to Jia Hyson's last line. Even though you're all relatively new and are given nicer worlds, yanderes are everywhere, it's good to know ways to wriggle out of their death flags."

Bebe: 'Hehe you got singled out,'

Jia Hyson: '...are you a child ah?'

"Now, Jia Hyson," Guo Qing sighs, "I can see you have some talent in acting, and from what I see you have a strong foundation in the... basics, the heart of acting."

Bebe: 'He's calling you a liar lol.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Darling what happened to us?

"Unfortunately it's clear you have a comfort zone, I see on my data your system has a lifetime visa?" Guo Qing whistles, impressed. Due to privacy concerns, unless the hosts volunteer their information during introductions no one will know what type of system they have. However as the teacher, he get's access to some information to get an idea of how to best teach each student. For example if the system has only a strict work visa, the host will leave the world immediately after completing the mission, whether they do so by death or swapping with the original host would be the difference in how radical one can act. 

"Lifetime visas are quite special, you must have a good system ah," he can't help but praise a little enviously. Guo Qing had introduced himself as a host of Stepping Stone Counterattack System who helps characters who originally were only foil for the main characters finally get the chance to shine and rise to the peak of happiness. His system's visa is a point-based visa, meaning the amount of satisfaction and fame points he earns once the mission finishes will correlate to the number of months he can stay in the world, with 10 points equalling 1 month. This visa can be upgraded but it cost a lot of system points unfortunately. 

Still, there was some pits with a lifetime visa, especially for someone like Jia Hyson who seems to have a low attention span and ability to commit. "However unless you want to be constantly penalised for ooc and wrack up a big loss of points, you have to learn to stay in your character, or at least find a justifiable way to explain your actions that are in line with their set personality." Guo Qing patiently explains.

Jia Hyson quickly understands, "Like the death of a loved one or physical slash mental trauma,"

"...I was going to say a bad break up or illness but yeah, those are also options."

Jia Hyson nods wisely, "Like getting stabbed and kidnapped by your ex or being forced into a freezer by your current lover's childhood friend who thinks you're not good enough and wishes you to die but fails thanks to a passing good samaritan janitor."

Guo Qing: '...' Sure. Let's go with that ah.

...

After finishing all the lessons he had booked beforehand and coming out in various states of exhaustion, Jia Hyson figures he deserves a reward.

Bebe: 'You always think you deserve a reward.'

Jia Hyson: 'Of course, I always deserve a reward, I'm not like you ah.'

Bebe: '...' This partnership will not be able to stand the test of time, Bebe can feel it. 

"So, what's your request for the reward world then?" Bebe asks, "Do you want to choose your identity or the world type?"

"Psh, it's obviously identity ah," Jia Hyson takes out his shards and surrounds his emotional support bunny Fishball with them. Every time Fishball would move closer to a shard the shard would glow and frighten it. It was really cute. Jia Hyson rubs the soft fluffy fur, loving how good it feels.

Ignored Shards: '...' FuriouslyDrinkingVinegar.gif

"Honestly, who chooses the world over their identity?" Jia Hyson disses, "Isn't it better to be more specific? What if I asked for an entertainment world and ended up as a secretary? I would absolutely die ah."

"Some hosts like to take a gamble," Bebe explains, "Besides, it's harder to get certain world types in reward worlds like fantasy and wuxia which are generally considered a high difficulty. Requesting an easy story world with those genres are fairly difficult and the system overseers probably would give you a good identity to compensate a little."

Jia Hyson hums, "Okay, that makes sense." Having a chance to do an easy cultivation world does sound like a good opportunity to get used to fantasy worlds given how cutthroat they are. "But I've already decided my identity-based request." 

"And that is?"

"I want to be super cute!" Jia Hyson declares shamelessly, eyes bright and curved like tilted crescent moons, "Absolutely adorable! Beloved even by the heavens! Even the emperor will have to bow down to my appearance!" 

Bebe: '...' Most hosts ask for a stable identity where nobody dislikes them enough to dig pits and a loving family background. It's host however can only be a shallow bitch that seeks death.

Still, Bebe obediently types in the request. Surprisingly it did take a minute before the overseer in charge of these things finally approved of it but Bebe didn't think much of it.

"Initializing.. prepare for transmigration in 3... 2... 1..."

...

Jia Hyson could barely open his eyes at first. His limbs felt weak and his body heavy yet completely hollowed out at the same time. It was clear he was both exhausted and starving. This was not a good start.

Weakly, Jia Hyson tilts his head down to look at his body and his surroundings. In his heart he was already imagining that he's probably being hospitalized or something equally awful. However, he deeply underestimated the sinisterness of the system world.

Jia Hyson: '...'

"What the fuck is this?!" He demands shrilly.

"What Host asked for," Bebe replies, clearly enjoying this twist, "somebody super cute, adorable, adored by the heavens to the point even the emperor must bow down to you."

"I'm a fucking baby lizard!" Jia Hyson howls but in his animal form his mouth could only let out a heart-wrenching 'kreee' sound. 

Even if he himself likes lizards and finds them quite good to look at, that's a fucking niche opinion! The general consensus is the one with the fluff is the one who wins! Even he, who has some abnormal tastes with various matters can also agree that dogs were better than reptiles! 

No, wait! That's not the point! Why was he a goddamn non-human animal?!

"To be more precise," Bebe chirps cheerfully, "you're a dragon."




"Give me the story," Jia Hyson demands but outwardly his little lizard cough dragon mouth just made a rather angry and aggrieved cry. To an outsider, it was quite cute.

Bebe quickly complies with uncharacteristic meekness. After all, it also only got the information during the transition. While it found it pretty funny, it also knew that once it's host got all the information, including his identity in the story, he would probably lose it.

The story is called The Amazing Transmigrated Journey of the Mesmerisingly Divine Good For Nothing Village Girl.

Jia Hyson who had only read this far already wanted to stop. 

Tang Muxin, the main character, is a modern-day assassin slash spy slash acupuncture and secret chinese medical expert. 

Now Jia Hyson really wanted to stop.

Tang Muxin gets transmigrated to an ancient chinese novel, A Thousand Spring Flowers and Well Wishes, where she becomes one of the minor supporting characters who share the same name as her. Tang Muxin, a palace maid that betrays the main character- who also happened to be an agricultural student who had transmigrated there- due to her greed and ambition. This greed and ambition of the white-eyed wolf maid were however not explained in the story so Tang Muxin who becomes her at a young age realises after a week living as her that the character's personality mostly stems from her life in the Tang family.

...Okay but, no fucking duh. 

The original maid became a maid due to being sold by her scum family despite being the daughter of her father's childhood sweetheart. 

This is mainly because her mother, the childhood sweetheart that had originally come from a big family but eloped with her father out of love, was greatly envied and hated by the main wife for obvious reasons. The main wife thus secretly killed her. Her father was heartbroken but due to the schemings in his own courtyard grew to dislike the original daughter who was neither as good looking, intelligent or well behaved as his other children. 

To be fair, the original daughter was really not very smart. She knew that the main wife was somehow behind her mother's death and chose to straightforwardly pick fights and clumsily dig pits for her, relying mainly on her father's diminishing guilt and love to get out of trouble. Once that love was mostly replaced by disdain due to the trouble she caused it wasn't hard to sell her for benefits. 

The Tang family was the richest family in the village they lived in but no matter what, a connection to the palace is something no one would turn down. 

Jia Hyson personally thinks that this line of thinking was really... really far-fetched. The palace was filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons, full of lies and treachery. Sending someone as apparently brash and stupid as that original daughter in would be pretty much seeking for death. After all, if she offends someone big who knows how the family could be implicated? Besides, wouldn't it have been more straightforward to have just sold her as a wife or something? Also, is the palace so in need of maids they would buy the original Tang Muxin who had a bad reputation at the time?

Jia Hyson doesn't really know much on the economics of slave trading and such but a human being must cost like, so much silver. Who would waste it on a pampered idiot? No sense at all.

Anyway, the point was, the original daughter was sent away and calmed down somewhat. However, her ambition and need for revenge only grew stronger with each passing year. Not only that so did her greed. 

Before she was content in wishing to destroy the main wife and gain the benefits as a child from her Tang family but after witnessing the glory and privilege of the imperial palace she found her Tang family's power and riches were like mosquito meat compared to it. Which, to be fair, it is. She also fell in love with one of the princes. You know. Because she wasn't enough of a cannon fodder character.

Through years of working and scheming in the palace, she was finally assigned to an important role- the main character's personal maid. Seeing this simple girl with a background even worse than her own be able to rise up so high made her teeth itch. With a smile, she vowed to do her best to bring her new mistress down and use her as a stepping stone but in the end, her schemes were once again exposed and this time she couldn't cry to daddy for help. In the end, the original maid died in prison, unable to bear the conditions, she bit her tongue and killed herself.

Tang Muxin who had read the story in her original world and had also gained the original maid's memories, past and future, promptly took one look and decided this was not the path for her. Her personality is cold, decisive, ruthless and emotionally stunted, she did no want to deal with this scum family and she certainly didn't want to live a life as a maid. However, she also didn't want to live by killing anymore either. 

In the end, after some planning and time, she ran away from the Tang family, taking some valuables, writing a note to her 'father' and went off on her own adventure.

Anyway, obviously as a super-spy assassin doctor, Tang Muxin, after some struggles, turns her luck around. She opens a business selling herbal medicine, soaps and medical consultations. She gets the respect of a small boss. Then a big boss. Then a bigger boss.

She picks up supporting male leads, she suppresses supporting female leads and then finally she catches the eye of the ill emperor. With her OP skills she cures him from what is later revealed as a very vicious and nearly untraceable poison. The emperor treats her like a life-saving benefactor and asks her to help him find the culprit, suspecting (and rightfully so) it's one of the princes and their mothers' behind the scheme. Tang Muxin accepts helplessly because even with her abilities, to go against the dragon king would be far too difficult to deal with.

This leads her to be introduced to the nine princes and opens the harem intrigue storyline.

When summarised like this it sounds like a pretty good transmigration story to be honest. There didn't even seem to be a male lead yet which is definitely novel given the shitty, shitty cliche genre. Unfortunately, Jia Hyson wouldn't be here if this was a good story. 

And it really wasn't.

Because between the first chapter and the chapter that opens to the harem intrigue plotline there are nearly 2000 chapters bridging the gap.

Jia Hyson who had over 2000 chapters worth of story imprinted into his brain because he couldn't bother reading all of it and now wants to smack a bitch. 

Fuck, for a super spy assassin medical expert secret poison master and natural genius she sure works fucking slower than a dying snail crawling in the middle of a hot desert with salt cubes on it's back. 

Not only was it drawn out, the pacing was also weird. While most of everything was excruciatingly slow, some scenes would suddenly become insanely rushed or brushed over completely. For example, when she started her first store, there was a lot of content about finding the right place, meeting the neighbours who seem to be asking for a future faceslapping, hiring trustworthy staff and looking for a good supplier for herbs. 

Then once all the people were in place, and the reader was waiting to see the responses of the public toward the new store, the faceslapping, the possible clash between the new medicine store and the old one, the story seems to jump ahead by a month and briefly summarize how the store had become a big hit with the community after some near setbacks. This sort of big buildup with barely any payout... it didn't feel good to read at all. 

People would be unhappy naturally while reading this, however, they would be willing to forgive it the first time. But once it happened a second or third time... then it can only be called a parting of artistic differences. As in, the writer thinks they're artistic and the readers strongly differ in their opinions. 

Overall Jia Hyson could only say- boring premise, cliche plot, overdramatized yet bland writing with poor pacing, two-dimensional characters which mainly come and go with barely a few scenes in their hands, the few characters that stay have nearly no character development and it's really just too fucking long. 

From the reviews, it seems many also agreed.

'What the heck is this garbage? The FL is boring, the side characters are boring, the cannonfodder are stupid, cliche and boring. 

Like oh my god if I have to read another paragraph of FL's talent and beauty and such I'm going to transmigrate into my next life out of anger. For fuck's sake, even just flowering arranging and pouring tea can make people silently praise her elegant genius rolls eyes seriously is no one suspicious that this village girl suddenly had the bearing of an empress and the talent of a martial artist?! FL is so cold and lazy that she doesn't even make an excuse and these idiots just make up their own thoughts in their mind I mean come on, she's got the personality of an ice cube with beauty filters.

Hahahaha how are there 3000+ chapters of this nonsense? And it's on hiatus too? Seriously, no one is going to read this.

It was disappointing. I love when the modern girl transmigrates and does things like open a store or introduce soap etc, but this story has literally ruined the best part of it by time-skipping so many times all the interesting things are jumped over. It's so annoying!

Meh, would not recommend. Boring and long-winded.

For the first time in my life, I desperately wished for a super OP male lead to enter the picture just so the story could just DO something. I don't know if he comes in anytime soon, I dropped this at chapter 147 but I can guarantee you, nothing but family drama and her talking about the original story, getting ready to leave and not. actually. leaving. OH. MY. GOD.

This is so bland it makes the water I'm drinking taste like bubble tea. On the bright side, I am losing so much weight. So thanks I guess.

The MC is okay. I like her idea of completely leaving that toxic family environment and the plot entirely by doing her own thing, I like that she had to go through hardships at the beginning, nearly starving to death at one point but after that passed and she finally got her life on track it really gets boring as legit everything goes her way. Like, everything. There are so many coincidences and such it's ridiculous and hard to take it as seriously as before, not to mention boring.'

Overall, The Amazing Transmigrated Journey of the Mesmerisingly Divine Good For Nothing Village Girl has a rather appalling 2.3 stars.

However, even though it was a bad story, as expected of a reward world it's still fairly easy to fix. A lot of it is writing style which Jia Hyson could use his notebook to give the Author God pointers with, however, he can't helicopter parent the Author God unfortunately so there's no guarantee they would completely follow his ideas and critiques. 

Another problem is simply dullness, a lack of interesting things to read which can simply be improved through either an injection of drama, cuteness, comedy or romance. And with Jia Hyson's current identity, he was more inclined toward cuteness and comedy to lighten up the story.

...What was his identity anyway?

"Bebe?"

Bebe remains silent.

Jia Hyson knew this was a bad sign. After all, from the story, there was absolutely no sign of any fantasy elements at all other than the fantastically absurd luck of the main character.

"...Bebe."

"Host. Don't be angry." Bebe quietly says. "Your small body is currently in a state of starvation, it can't take too much stress."

"Oh my god, I knew it," Jia Hyson immediately panics, "I'm not actually a dragon, you just said that to fuck with me, truth is, I'm just a tiny yellow gecko, aren't I?" 

Bebe: '...' Really doesn't want to say it.

Jia Hyson wasn't a tiny yellow gecko.

It was worse than that.

Originally, there was meant to be a mascot character. 

A small baby dragon. 

The main character Tang Muxin would rescue it and the dragon will eventually become a small golden thigh but at the same time be a source of grief as other characters will try to steal the dragon. Not necessarily because they thought it was a dragon, but because it was a weakness of the usually cold and OP Tang Muxin. 

However, for reasons, the Author ended up dropping idea. Well. Not completely. 

As a small inside joke slash Easter egg to herself, the author kills off the little dragon mascot and lets a scavenging and hungry Tang Muxin, who had recently left the Tang family, find it's body hidden in a burrow. There is a paragraph describing the strange carcass before Tang Muxin in her hunger decides 'Fuck This' and roasts and eats the strange animal. Eating it's meat gives her energy and makes her feel temporarily strong enough to survive. 

In retrospect, this does explain why her luck became so good afterwards.

Jia Hyson: '...' This is hands down the worst non-character role ever. 

Jia Hyson was so angry he almost fainted. What sort of sadist author as a joke would use an unused character as a roast dinner? Even he wouldn't do that okay! That's terrible! What the fuck!

Grinding his tiny milk teeth, his adorable big slightly slanted eyes narrow. "Bebe, I just realised I never asked.. who exactly chooses what identity I use in every world?"

"...Bebe doesn't know. The system world makes sure that information is confidential." For good reason too from the looks of it ah. 

"Fuck! Fucking fuck fuck fuck!" Jia Hyson screams to the heavens but in reality, his little dragon mouth was just making incomprehensible shrieking noises. Very cute. Bebe videoed it secretly and turned it into a gif.

Jia Hyson didn't notice, too busy being angry. He won't die from starvation since he has Bebay and already bought some food in the previous world but this still sucks! If the author essentially discarded him before fully forming his character would that mean he's probably the only dragon currently on this earth?! 

Who is he going to fuck in this Ancient Chinese story ah?! T-Rex?!

Bebe: 'Host.. Bebe knows this is ancient china but it's not THAT ancient,' Also why is that your main grievance here?

"Wuwuwuwu how is this cute? I can't attract anyone like this? What 'adored by the heavens even the emperor must bow to me' bullshit? Isn't this clearly cursed?" He continues to wail dramatically. 

'You're a dragon in ancient chinese times. The heavens obviously will adore a dragon and only a dragon can make an emperor bow so easily.' Bebe points out ruthlessly, 'This is technically the most appropriate form for your request.'

'FUUUCCC-' 

Bebe lets him cry for a while before finally stepping back in with an electronic sigh, "Host, look at your stats."

Jia Hyson blinks and mentally opens his profile in his mind before gaping.

There were so many special skills!

His previous characters were all good looking but held no stand out skills whatsoever. Complete flower vases. It was Jia Hyson who had to grind up skills himself. But in this scrawny little lizard body...

[Heaven's Baby, Your dad's a CEO? Well mine are the heavens! (Inactive)]

[Lucky Charm, Finding 100 yuan on the road will no longer be a dream! (Inactive)]

[Glowing with Fortune, The aura of gold is the aura of wealth!]

[Year of the Dragon, This year I am a dragon, next year hopefully I am also a dragon (Active)]

[Fortune Favours the Fools, For those that amuse me they shall be rewarded (Inactive)]

[Cutie Beam, Cutie BEEAAAAAM!!! 

[Selling Meng One Paw At A Time (Active), With one paw I will kneel at your cuteness!]

[Dance of the Dragons, A flick of the tail, a twist of the claw, come, let us dance (Inactive)]

[Weather Control, Thunder and lightening it's very exciting! (Inactive)]

[Saintess Soul Bind, Who doesn't want to find someone to worship you ah? (Conditions not met)]

[Strength of the Heavens, Pretty self-explanatory, do I really have to make something up for th- (Inactive)]

[Pure Golden Dragon Blood Lineage, Blood is stronger than water and gold is better than silver. I don't know a good way to end this but this is a pretty cool thing (Inactive)]

[Golden Dragon's Karmic Insight, Even though I can't see the future I can guess it well enough ah (Inactive)]

...

..

.

So good! So many skills! And none of them seemed spicy chicken either!

Jia Hyson's golden eyes brighten, they were shining like they held an infinite number of twinkling stars in them. Even though most are inactive, he's sure that it's currently due to his small body and weak state that he's unable to use those skills which is understandable. The point was the quantity okay?

More importantly, he had told Bebe to buy the system skill [Skill Stealer] which would give him a chance to take a random skill his character inherently has. Due to his poor luck he had never got the chance to even use it but now... Ah, ah, he's so excited! 

This is almost better than sex!

Sefu and Drake Shards in the safe space: '...'




Now objectively there are three main factors that lead to his death in the story. 

The first and possibly most important one is the protagonist Tang Muxin only meeting him when she's at the point of the story where she is starving to death. 

Because of her unfamiliarity with the world and the original story's Tang Muxin being such an unlikeable spoilt bitch, she had not been fully prepared on her adventure, leading to a dire state of affairs. The story and her memories gave her no concept of money and her current physical strength was barely a tenth of her original body's carefully trained one for obvious reasons. Logically it isn't surprising she suffered. 

Jia Hyson personally likes this beginning premise since it's surprisingly quite a realistic outlook on the transmigration trope. If he himself was the protagonist, he would definitely die without a golden thigh. He wouldn't be able to remember all the old fashioned etiquette, he dislikes the stricter social standards of ancient times and he wouldn't be able to do anything amazing like know how to make soap or makeup from raw materials to give himself a leg up financially. Essentially a big fat spicy chicken. 

Most likely he would end up without an intact corpse with thousands booing his name because he distributed taboo gay erotica with the dragon emperor as the shou due to boredom and a need to make a quick buck. 

Bebe: '...Weirdly specific but not totally implausible to be honest.'

Anyways as someone who has suffered a similar, if a less severe case of starving in the first world as Adrian, Jia Hyson is somewhat understanding to her situation of desperately eating any fresh carcass by the road she can find. He isn't happy that the 'fresh carcass' happens to be his own current body. But he's very understanding about it. Somewhat. Somewhat understanding. 

The second point that contributed to his death is the fact he himself was so weak from his own starvation he could only die helplessly. Jia Hyson isn't completely sure if he died before Tang Muxin came or was still alive albeit near his last breath, but either way, the little dragon didn't have the ability to fight back or run away to save his life.

And finally, the last problem was his current dirty and small appearance really just looked like a slightly longer than usual common garden skink lizard. Sure he had ears similarly shaped to a deers but that could be easily passed off as a strange mutation, maybe a reason why the 'lizard' had died so easily in the wild. 

This sort of strange looking lizard, with ears and an oddly bright golden tinge that you can see past the dirt and broken scales... what animal wanted to eat that? Unless they themselves were desperate and willing to risk eating a new and possibly poisonous thing, only the bugs and maybe the rats will take its corpse. 

In a rather depressing way, at least the little dragon got to be sort of cremated by Tang Muxin. Jia Hyson doesn't have the highest standards for his death anymore but if he could he would prefer a cannibalistic-esque death over getting eaten by bugs anytime. He still has a bit of a phobia for fire, he can't afford one for insects either. 

In order to survive and avoid becoming a passerby a la carte dinner, he should find and befriend her or even the original character beforehand before she reaches the point of wanting to eat even mosquito meat. To get to this point he must find his way to the Tang house. But before that, he needs the energy to search in the first place.

In short. All of this can be solved with food. 

...Of course life, unlike Jia Hyson, was not ever going to be easy.

Jia Hyson had been chomping ravenously on a roof tile of the life-sized gingerbread house he had bought in a Bebay bundle deal. However, despite being so small and the roof tile being bigger than himself he had already eaten over half of it. His little scaly stomach was almost unnaturally distended like he was pregnant but Jia Hyson was still utterly starved. 

Physically he was stuffed with food, his body literally unable to stomach anymore but spiritually and mentally Jia Hyson felt hollowed out and weak. It was getting a little terrifying to be honest. 

'Bebe?' Jia Hyson asks urgently in his mind as his mouth kept chewing furiously.

"Wait, I'm buying [World History]." Bebe also sounds panicked. Like it's host, it had also assumed the solution would be simple- eating food- who knew that they would be having such trouble with that? Luckily, Jia Hyson wasn't the only one who had saved up a lot of points, and Bebe didn't spend any until now so he could afford a few basic system skills if needed.

[World History] is a moderately pricey skill that gives a system access to the current world's overarching history. The true history. With all the details and where the various stories fit into them. As long as it's in the past, Bebe will have a general idea on who did what and why and where. Of course to get better details and access to hidden secrets one had to level up the skill. 

Bebe who was familiar with the skill immediately levelled it up to level three, even though it cost nearly half it's points [World History] upgraded into [World Encyclopaedia]. With that, it can unlock everything about dragons which was considered one of the biggest hidden secrets this world had to offer. 

Bebe who read the information: '...Fuck, this character is so unnecessarily complicated.'

Because this story was not only unfinished but had a throwaway inside joke character with a fantasy background, the world's consciousness obviously had to fill in the blanks in order to allow the story to become reality. Meaning it had to incorporate fantasy elements like dragons into its' world order but make it so that in the present day there were no dragons on earth save the one stray baby dragon that somehow is capable of dying so easily despite being a fucking dragon. 

In retrospect, the hardest workers are not the hosts or the systems who strive to maintain and improve, but the worlds and the heavens who have to do the foundational work and logistics. 

In order to accomplish this specific setting, the world's consciousness used a folklore story to help stabilize this world and allow history to flow coherently enough that if one was aware of the whole truth will understand how it's possible for a real baby dragon to be present in a typical ancient china setting. However no matter what it was still going to be slightly ridiculous but who fucking asked this poor world to have to rely on such a spicy chicken author to live? 

The folklore was of course about dragons. 

In times of legends, dragons would roam the earth, making rivers, blessing lands and granting riches and prosperity to those they see fit and deserving. At that time spiritual energy was rich and brimming with vitality across the lands and the world was akin to a low level cultivation world. However over time, humans became greedy, they wished to hunt the dragons down, take their scales, drink their blood and steal their souls. 

Understandably disgusted and disappointed, the dragons left and made a home elsewhere, using their powers to create a space in the sky to live in instead. Good people with strong hearts and relatively pure souls will be naturally attracted there and granted a good life before entering reincarnation. Later on this was considered the Heavens. 

Time passed and without the dragons to sustain the world and protect the land the spiritual energy dwindled to its current state, aka, the normal ancient Chinese setting we all are familiar with. Droughts, famine, disease... there was no trace of the blessed lands of dragons anymore. Dragons became legends and gods that people believed, revered and prayed to, and the emperor was known as the dragon king, the closest to divinity. 

This is how the world is now explained.

As for how Jia Hyson's little dragon body ended up on earth instead of happily living it up in heaven, that was another story entirely. 

Once the dragons entered heaven they established their lives there nicely. However, because they no longer had many humans to serve them they had to suddenly establish a new societal system. 

Dragons had a great amount of pride and none of them wished to bow down to the other. Because of their slow reproduction cycle they didn't have a lot of numbers in their species so on earth there wasn't much contention for land or resources. Heaven was different and a leader was needed in order to get things sorted.

In the end, the golden dragons that specialized in fortune, blessings and riches were considered as leaders. This was simply because they had a great insight to luck, and amazing foresight, able to see karma and to an extent control the heavenly path. With the literal gods of luck as leaders the dragons would definitely prosper. And for thousands of years they certainly did.

However greed isn't just a human emotion and there were some dragon groups that were no longer satisfied and wanted to change the status quo. Earth was originally their world to rule over, they cherished and took care of the lands until it was a perfect living space for them, filled with funny spiritual beasts and subservient adoring humans. 

The fact that it was they who had to retreat because of these humans who they had personally blessed and taken under their protection was something that many thought was humiliating and unfair. After all, they were better than humans in every way, and they were also the ones who were betrayed and wronged by them. Why did they have to give up on their previous lands? 

Still, these thoughts, while common were not very strong either. Though dragons may not appreciate humanity too much anymore it had also been a long time since this clash had happened and most dragons were either too lazy or satisfied with their current situation to wish to change anything. If they really objected to leaving then it wasn't like they couldn't have been stopped ah, at that time it had just been too much trouble. 

Humans, even the blessed ones, may not be even a quarter as strong as them but they were many and reproduced quickly like ants. For dragons whose overall population was only in the thousands at most and took a long time to produce offspring, each loss of a single dragon was more substantial than the destruction of a human city. The arrogant black dragons and the aggressive red dragons who were vilified by the humans were the ones who bore the brunt of a lot of damage and were the groups most unable to accept the loss. 

Over time they had forgotten why they left, leaving only resentment and unwillingness. So they hatched a plan to get the usually peace-loving gold dragons to start a war with the humans by scheming to kidnap their newly hatched baby and dropping it down onto earth. However, none of the dragons realised that human lands, without the dragons nourishing the earth, were nearly completely devoid of the spiritual energy they needed to consume to survive. 

Dragons were the top of every food chain and even if the hatchlings were a little vulnerable they were still more resistant than your average baby animal. At the very least a golden dragon hatchling would be favoured by lady luck and good fortune to escape most problems. So in all fairness, the dragons genuinely did not expect the baby dragon to die so quickly before they rescued it, much less get roasted by a human. 

From there you can more or less figure out that the moment where the The Amazing Transmigrated Journey of the Mesmerisingly Divine Good For Nothing Village Girl finally abruptly stops due to its unfinished status chaos probably occurred in the form of angry dragons descending from the heavens as the reality and consequences leading up to the establishment of the story finally catches up. In fact, even if the story had been finished, the dragons would have probably appeared either way since no matter what, a dragon had been killed on earth and eaten by a human. 

Seriously, if the world's consciousness was a person, it would be crying. 

Jia Hyson who listened to the information relayed by Bebe: '...Fuck, this character is so unnecessarily complicated.'

In short, because Jia Hyson the dragon did not have the necessary spiritual energy for nourishment he would die from starvation. The earth had barely any spiritual energy. Sure there was some but it was like the nutritional equivalent of a potato chip- mostly starch and not at all filling. 

The food that he bought from Bebay had some spiritual energy since they were top quality goods but Jia Hyson was currently a hungry baby dragon. A normal baby already ate and drank so much in order to grow up well, they were essentially money pits for parents. A baby dragon is the same but times a hundred. 

Buying the Kiddie Meal Bundle on Bebay, other than the gingerbread houses which were delicious but was the lowest in spiritual energy, there was also 50 boxes of Goldilocks's Special Oatmeal, 3 of Jack's Magic Beans and a Golden Goose Egg. Bebe quickly scanned the oatmeal, magic beans and egg and un-hesitantly brought out a magic bean. "Eat this, it should tide you over for a little bit."

The egg actually had the strongest concentration of spiritual energy but once cracked open the energy will slowly dissipate from the egg unless the system storage space was either gold or diamond level quality. Which Bebe's was not. It was therefore best to eat it all at once and currently Jia Hyson was too small and too full of gingerbread to be able to finish it all off. Right now a bean should be enough... for like a day or two.

...They were really screwed.

Jia Hyson was barely satisfied with the magic bean however it was enough to at least give him the strength to move for now. "Bebe, how on earth did the dragon originally survive in such a situation?" He groans. Wasn't this pit too big? Why was the situation so hard to deal with? Does he have to spend p in order to live? 

"Originally Tang Muxin's cooking will be enough to nourish the dragon as well as food from the imperial palace," Bebe explains after checking the information. "Tang Muxin as the main character and a transmigrator will obviously have natural golden fingers like her cooking naturally being able to retain spiritual energy that nourishes the soul, strengthens the body and calms the mind. You can also eat well in the imperial palace since the dragon emperor is indeed the closest to divinity. The dragons will occasionally check up on the leaders to confirm a general idea of the status of mortal world every once in a century. If they're satisfied with what they saw or felt some stirrings of compassion they would leave some blessings or do a few good deeds before leaving. This meant that the land where the palace is settled on has more spiritual energy than most and the imperial family would also have some benefits as well. This also indirectly explains why everyone in the imperial family is born so good looking. 

However, humans in this era can't absorb and use the spiritual energy like before, at most they can use it to strengthen the body a bit and improve their martial arts which is why the emperor in the story could still get so sick in the first place."

Jia Hyson listens and sighs in faint relief. Luckily this world was still a reward world, even with this massive pit given to him the system overseer will not make it impossible to live. As long as he meets with Tang Muxin and she doesn't eat him, he can live a nice smooth sailing life as a mini golden thigh pet. 

It seems that the reward worlds like to give a small challenge to the hosts before spoiling them. Jia Hyson couldn't say he appreciates it ah. 

"Okay, I can deal with that. Then tell me where are we in the timeline and how far away are we from the village where the Tang Family live."

"Currently we have been placed one week before Tang Muxin the main character transmigrates into Tang Muxin the cannonfodder maid." Bebe calculates, "Meaning it would be roughly six months before Tang Muxin leaves the Tang household and wanders around before nearly starving and meeting host. Between your position right now and the Tang family house there are at least 500 li (250 km)."

Jia Hyson:  'Hehe.' Fuck me ah. 

A car can go 100km per hour easily but can a person nay can a weak dragon the size of a common house gecko be able to traverse so far on their own? Forget a week, Jia Hyson would need a century to get there. 

"Can this get any worse?" He complains.

It got worse. 

Not twenty centimetres away from his original spot Jia Hyson was flat on his stomach panting like a dehydrated dog. 

It seems a dragon with no spiritual energy was biologically built like most lizards. As someone who used to major in zoology in his original life, Jia Hyson still remembered a few fun animal facts. One of them is a fascinating observation called Carrier's Constraint. This is the restriction of many air-breathing lizards who will find it very difficult to move and breath at the same time. 

Have you ever wondered why a lizard will run in short bursts, pause for a moment, then run again? This is because when they run they're essentially holding their breath. Pausing will allow them to literally give them a breather. 

It's really a truly interesting factoid but for Jia Hyson right now who had personally experienced the horrifying feeling of his lungs being forced to keep in stale air while at the same time be unable to introduce fresh air into his system during his short run it felt like a death sentence. 

For a moment Jia Hyson genuinely thought of killing himself and leaving this world. 

What pit? This was simply a crater! 

Bebe thought the same way. Right now it's host was a dragon, no matter how weak and small, the constitution is different to a human. The items needed to nourish the body needed to be at a higher level and quality to hold a good effect which meant more p that they currently can't afford.

After some thought Bebe hesitantly offered up a short term plan, "There's a small village not too far away, only 5 li. We can probably reach there quickly enough and find a cart or something to hitchhike." 

Jia Hyson who has been muddled by hunger, panic and exhaustion felt gratitude toward his system. Right now his brain is sluggish and he feels bad all over, even if his system was a big spicy chicken at times who was a little spendthrift that steals his p and hogs the universal wi-fi, Bebe was still a top-quality system who would pull its weight when it counts. 

Bebe: ...Bebe hears praise but somehow feels anger.  

It takes a few minutes to get used to his lizard body. The uncomfortable feeling of suffocation from his lungs being suppressed when he crawls was still unpleasant but it was easier to ignore now. Once he adjusted, Jia Hyson finds his speed is actually pretty fast, not as good as a gecko but still it was just under a meter per second. 

If he wasn't worried about stamina and energy consumption he might have seriously considered using his tiny legs to get to the Tang house. Anyway, it didn't take him too long to reach the nearby village. However, there was another problem now.

"Fuck. Everything is so big." Jia Hyson spat out aghast as a passing horse cart nearly stepped on him. Even worse some young woman actually kicked him when he accidentally scuttled too close to her. Now he was forced to run and hide in the shadows, avoiding everything from people to large rats. 

Jia Hyson: '...Are we sure this is really a reward world? Laozi feels a little scammed here.' 

Bebe: '...Bebe will file an appropriate complaint to the Overseer.' 

Hey, nobody said the system was perfect. That's why there's a complaint box. And a System-Host Resources department.

Spending system points like water, they quickly bought and upgrading an eavesdropping function and their GPS function to find a merchant heading the direction they wanted to. Bebe was really working overtime here while Jia Hyson slowly nibbled on his second magic bean. 

"Host, there's a young man at your 10 o'clock who says he's from Little Leaf Village," Bebe pipes up with a cheer. "He will head back there tomorrow morning, as long as we hitch a ride we won't have to worry about transport anymore!"

Little Leaf Village is where the Tang family reside... There's not much thought into the name but hey, what you get is what you get. 

Jia Hyson was equally ecstatic with the news as Bebe. Finally some good news. And it seems the man was a farmer who had come here to trade his goods so it wouldn't be hard for a cute little dragon like himself to sneak in. He was so happy his thin body was wriggling in excitement like a joyful worm. "Amazing Bebe! You're so great! I love you! Muah! Muah!"

Bebe: 'Eww, who wants your fake praise hehe,'

Feeling relieved with his current big problem gone for now Jia Hyson does his best to follow his target closely. Unfortunately unlike a gecko, he didn't have the adhesive ability to naturally climb up walls nor did he have the arm strength to lift himself up with his claws which were brittle due to malnutrition so he mainly had to scuttle around the floor, dodging and crawling around all sorts of obstacles. 

It was really stressful ah. He almost got his tail eaten by a cat. 

As he followed the young village man, Jia Hyson noticed that he was quite handsome ah. Not amazingly so but he had a healthy strong looking body, wheat coloured skin, and a very energetic, sunny feeling to his appearance that made people feel comfortable looking at him. Unfortunately with Jia Hyson's limited field of vision he couldn't catch too many details of the man's face, like eye colour for example. 

All he can tell was that this man seemed to be selling vegetables in grass baskets and chickens. Or maybe he had bought the chickens. He had seen the man carry a cage of rather plump looking hens either way. Just looking at those fat birds made Jia Hyson drool enviously. 

Fuck, if he knew he would have been in such a bad situation beforehand he would have definitely gorged himself with some fried chicken. Southern fried chicken. Japanese style kaarage. Sweet chilli coated korean fried chicken. Mhnnn...

Distracted, Jia Hyson doesn't notice that his strange appearance has caught the attention of some village kids. Bebe also hadn't noticed, too busy messaging it's fellow systems and consulting about the cheapest and spiritually rich foods in the system shop.

To be fair, village children were pretty sneaky and fast, many used to herding chickens and catching insects and fishes. They had much better stealth and awareness than Jia Hyson this pretty boy city boy. The moment he realised something was wrong, they had him pretty much surrounded.

"Wow, you weren't kidding Ming Ming, that don't look like any lizard I've seen."

"It's really dirty, and it hasn't moved, do you think it's dead?"

"Are you sure it's even a lizard?"

"I mean, it's shaped like a lizard..."

"But it has ears!"

"And some sort of weird hair fluff on its tail.. ew..."

Jia Hyson glanced at his tail. There was indeed some hair at the end of his tail, originally it was still fluffy and cute but after being dragged into dirt and muck by the inexperienced Jia Hyson, it now resembled an old used toothbrush that had just experienced being used to singlehandedly wash an entire prison bathroom. Self-consciously he hid his tail underneath his little body, a little embarrassed. 

Due to his old social anxiety when he was younger he had always done his best to keep up a good personality and appearance in public never had he looked as dirty and bedraggled as this before. Even if he wasn't human, his thin face in public still remained all the same and he was very unhappy with the curious and faintly disgusted expressions on the children around him. Not to mention, his reptilian hindbrain was feeling very intimidated by being surrounded by humans so much larger than him, his body instinctively tensed up in response. 

"Hey! It moved!"

"Should we catch it?"

"Do you think it's good to eat?"

At the mention of being eaten, Jia Hyson could feel the remnant emotions from the original body go from intimidated to completely batshit crazy. It seems the little dragon had been still alive when Tang Muxin roasted it then ah. However right now it worked to his advantage, he still held the mindset of a human being and a rather lazy nonathletic one at that so he didn't really have the reaction speed or instincts of a wild animal right now. 

Relying on his turbulent emotions and sudden adrenaline rush contribute to heightened fear, Jia Hyson let his body do the work and rush quickly away from those dirty devil children.

Unfortunately, those devil children were very good at being devil children. Even though his body was small and swift, it was still weak and a little unbalanced, it didn't take that long before one of the more eagle-eyed and nimble boys in the group to grab him. The hand practically covered a third of his noodle like body and from the way it was crushing his ribs, there was clearly no consideration toward him.

Jia Hyson is pretty sure he had never killed a child under fifteen before as an evil ghost. But as a baby dragon, he was definitely considering lowering his standards. 

Jia Hyson: 'When I become a big dragon I'm going to come back to this village and squeeze those tiny bastards to death, see how they fucking like it! Hahaha!'

Bebe: '...Bebe didn't even know host could blacken further but it's nice to know the potential of Jia Hyson is limitless.'

Murderous thoughts inside Jia Hyson on the outside was totally helpless, twisting and contorting his body as he tried to escape from the boy's hands. It... it didn't work. 

"I caught it! I caught it!" The boy who had grabbed him exclaims excitedly, shaking Jia Hyson and showing him off to his friends, "Aren't you a slippery guy ah?"

"The lizard is harder to catch than a fish in the river!" One of the other boys complains. 

"You know, when you look closer it's kind of cute," A pretty little girl notes curiously, poking at Jia Hyson's head a little too hard for comfort. Jia Hyson growls warningly but out of his mouth, it sounded like a pathetic high pitched 'mrrrrrr' attracting the girls even more. The pretty girl giggles and pokes him again, "Awww, it likes me!

Jia Hyson: 'Poke me again and I'll come find you in five years and destroy everything you ever loved.' 

She poked him again. This time her finger hit his eye. 

So he obviously had to bite her as hard as he possibly could.

Jia Hyson had killed a lot of people, maimed a lot of people and tortured both physically and mentally a lot of people but he can honestly say he had never heard anyone scream as shrill and loudly as this little village girl after getting her finger bitten. 

To be fair, he's pretty sure he had accidentally swallowed a chunk of her finger.

...In his defence, Jia Hyson did not realise his little milk teeth and tiny jaw surprisingly had so much power. 

...Also, the blood that filled his mouth tasted surprisingly good.

Bebe: '...' Bebe just realised that there was a chance that certain humans whose ancestors were blessed by dragons would have quite a decent amount of spiritual energy inside them. 

Jia Hyson was a little tempted to open his mouth again and bite another one of her delicious little fingers but he was immediately thrown onto the ground and kicked by the horrified and angry children. Which is objectively very fair but still. Ow.

The hysterical devil children were not just satisfied with kicking him, but also trying to stomp on his body and throwing things at him. It seems they were really intent on killing him. Jia Hyson felt genuine fear that he may actually die here.

With his small body curled up and trembling under the onslaught, Jia Hyson begins to cry from pain. Who cares if he's a full-grown man inside? Right now he's a fucking baby! And this baby is hurt! 

Where is his fucking daddy?! Daddy! Daddy save this baby! QAQ

Suddenly there were the sounds of someone running toward them, the children begin to shriek and run away at whoever was rushing over. "Da Gong! It's Da Gong! Run!" They were shouting as their chubby legs take them further and further away, no longer interested in bullying the strange creature that hurt one of their own. 

As they escape Jia Hyson gives a sigh of relief before stiffening as he sees the ground darkening as a shadow covers where he lay. Trembling subconsciously from the pain Jia Hyson looks up, curious to see his saviour. At this point he was covered in bruises and was bleeding both externally and internally, he was beyond grateful to whoever stepped in to help him. Jia Hyson was willing to do anything for the other person.

 Absolutely anything ah-

Bebe: 'You're a dragon the size of a gecko, don't act slutty it's even grosser than usual.' 

Jia Hyson: 'It's the thought that counts ah.' 

With a heart full of gratefulness and expectation, Jia Hyson blinks the blurriness out of his vision to fully appreciate his saviour.

There, standing in front of him, handsomely silhouetted by the blazing sun was a very intimidating and gorgeous figure of... a large black rooster.

A large black rooster with piercingly silver eyes.

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe...'

Bebe: 'Please don't.'

Jia Hyson: 'That is one big black cock.'

Bebe: '...' He did.




The black rooster was big. Very big. Jia Hyson couldn't objectively say how large given his change in perspective but he had passed a few other chicken cages while following the villager from Little Leaf Village and he could almost immediately tell that this black rooster was much, much bigger than the other caged roosters. 

Even if his sense of size was somewhat distorted in his new form it was pretty easy to see that between a watermelon and a grapefruit, the watermelon is indeed the bigger one. 

Jia Hyson opened his mouth to give thanks to the rooster, but then he realises quickly something wasn't right. 

Was the black rooster looking at him... a little strangely.

The rooster had his head cocked to the side, assessingly. Silver eyes staring deeply at Jia Hyson before taking a step forward. Jia Hyson's eyes couldn't help but look downwards to note the sharp talons of the chicken and the even sharper and wicked-looking spurs on his feet. It wouldn't be hard to use those weapons to tear flesh much less his brittle scales protecting his thin body. The rooster's beak is also not something to ignore either. 

He recalls reading that while uncommon, rooster attacks do severely injure grown men and sometimes, albeit rarely, those injuries can lead to death. Of course, most deaths were usually due to succumbing to an infection from the wounds but still. The fact that death is still an option isn't great in general.

'Bebe... chickens and roosters... ah, I forget, they don't eat meat right?' Jia Hyson stared back at the rooster warily and fearfully. Samotrelis was more primitive than most countries so he'd seen chickens and roosters running around but he never paid much attention to how they're raised. Still, he's pretty sure it's with grain and vegetables. At the very least, Jia Hyson felt he would know if they were feeding their chickens bacon.

'Chickens are omnivorous,' Bebe replies equally afraid. There has never been a better 'out of the pan, into the fire' situation like this ah. The children probably wouldn't have eaten it's scrawny little host but a rooster really would have no qualms. 'Mainly it's just worms and insects, but bigger and more aggressive roosters have been known to eat more meat such as small rodents or reptiles.'

Jia Hyson the small reptile: '...' The rooster was big and aggressive enough to scare off those devil children. No matter how it looked this bird definitely ticked the boxes for a chicken willing to eat meat.

Aiyah this world was really bullshit. 

Right now even though he's more than 77% sure the rooster in front of him should be a system shard belonging to the Bipolar Prince- though it's truly weird that he's a rooster in the first place and it's probably more likely it's some genetic mutation or something- Jia Hyson vaguely understands that unlike other quick transmigration male leads, these shard personas are not necessarily geniuses or masters in the world. They have to follow the world's rules and adhere to the logic of their setting and character. 

It's not like in some shitty QT where a male lead is previously a stone-cold stoic scum man who takes one look at the pretty main character and almost immediately melts into a doting love-struck fool that could spout sugar-sweet words and suddenly has the capability to be twice as rich and successful as his original self after being motivated by true love alone. If the shard piece was in a rooster the shard piece will think like a rooster and have the values of a rooster, albeit probably a more intelligent one. 

And what does any rooster think when they see a small helpless wriggling animal on the ground? 

It's not fucking thinking of charity Jia Hyson can tell you that. 

'Bebe, I'm going to be the first host to die in a reward world after getting eaten by a chicken aren't I?' He despairs. It's not like he desperately needs the points from this world and he's definitely going to get compensation for all the bullshit but it's still really mortifying okay?!

'Bebe heard there was a host who got fucked to death by his dog?' His system offers, understanding Jia Hyson's dismay, 'That's pretty embarrassing ah.'

'At least he had sex,' Jia Hyson wails internally, curling up and rolling on the dirty ground angrily in a sad attempt at rebellion toward the rooster. If he's going to die, he's going to die annoyingly.

He screams wordlessly at the large bird for lack of anything else, birds can be quite cautious creatures and the rooster may be put off by his yowls of pure rage. Unfortunately to him, his warcry filled with the desire to live came out more like a high pitched 'Eeeeep!' noise that was more inclined toward the sound of pitiful shrieking than verbal frustration.

Both Bebe and the rooster stared down at the little lizard-like creature. He was holding his tail with all four of his tiny claws, his stumpy little arms not long enough to hug the tail completely so occasionally while he was rolling around he would lose his grip and frantically try to re-grab his tail again as he made a constant, soft 'eep'-ing sounds like the world's smallest, angriest and cutest truck going in reverse. 

Bebe: '...Oh, Bebe has got to film this.'

If this wasn't gif worthy then nothing was. 

While a rooster would have no idea what 'gif-worthy' would mean, it was clear he found the sight interesting enough as well. Cocking his head one side and then to another curiously, it steps forward and plonks himself down in front of Jia Hyson, a small cloud of dust billowing upwards at the action. 

Jia Hyson freezes, evidently unsure what this response means for his life.

The rooster seemed to be unhappy with the lack of movement and clucks sternly at him. Jia Hyson didn't know one could cluck with any emotion, much less sternness but that was what he felt when he heard the rooster cluck. 

The black rooster clucked again staring impatiently at him before standing up and threateningly raising his wings up in an offensive posture. 

Jia Hyson 'mreep'ed out of surprise and fright, instinctively clutching his tail harder. The moment he did so, the rooster relaxed and stared at him expectantly. 

Still a little confused he let go of his own tail but at the motion the rooster immediately raised his wings and clucked irritatedly at him again.

Jia Hyson: '...' 

Jia Hyson was fairly smart both in IQ and EQ but he really felt like he had used all of it in order to understand the wants of a rooster. 

Did the bird really want to watch him... roll around and wail? 

Slowly he clutched at his tail again, then, hesitantly, he began to roll on the ground once more, making soft 'mrp's and 'eep's with his mouth. Sure enough, the large rooster sat back down, watching his rather debasing show like a domineering king being entertained by his subjects.

Jia Hyson: 'This bird has some pretty heavy tastes ah.'

But as long as it's taste is not for baby dragon meat he won't complain. Much. 

For at least five minutes Jia Hyson continued to roll around until his back grew sore and his stomach and arm muscles ached from his curled up posture. His throat was also dry and sore from constantly making noises. However the rooster was still not bored of Jia Hyson making a fool of himself, always raising his wings up the moment he stopped for too long. 

Unlike the rooster though, Jia Hyson had long grown tired of this. Not even the fear of being swallowed alive by the bird was going to make him continue for another second. Exhaustedly he let go of his tail, rolled onto his stomach, little limbs splayed out as he stopped moving. As expected, the rooster was unhappy. Standing up it raises it's wings aggressively, even flapping them a few times while clucking and crowing.

Jia Hyson doesn't react.

Seeing his intimidation tactics not working, the rooster lowered his wings in confusion. Walking circles around the motionless Jia Hyson he carefully observed the smaller figure. Hesitantly he bends his head down and gently nudged Jia Hyson's thin body with his beak, a silent question for him to move.

Jia Hyson stubbornly refuses. He didn't even like doing sit-ups for a passing grade in sports class okay? He certainly wasn't going to abuse his stomach muscles again for a creature he loves to consume deep-fried! 

The rooster clucks and nudges the body again looking a little dissatisfied by the lack of response. 

Jia Hyson doesn't respond to the nudges and proceeds to be a salted fish. He was seriously tired. Like, he would literally rather die than keep going.

Bebe: '...Your stamina is so bad.   It's only been five minutes.'

Jia Hyson: 'I have the soul of an un-athletic old scholar and the body of a hungry baby reptile. Five minutes is already pretty amazing okay?' 

Bebe: 'Well.. You could buy an intermediate stamina and muscle strengthening pill for 999p.'

Jia Hyson: 'Nah man, dying is way easier.'

Bebe: '...' Bebe knows this is really hard for you but could you try to act like you still care a little about this world?

Angrily, the rooster raises one of his feet over his small body, sharp talons glinting menacingly. He lowers it down and Jia Hyson who has given up on this terrible world closes his eyes tightly, awaiting the pain. It seems no matter what this poor dragon is destined to be eaten by mortals. Really... too pathetically sad. 

But he wasn't eaten. 

The rooster kept his foot hovering over Jia Hyson, casting a dark shadow that covered most of the small dragon but after a few seconds the foot was dropped back. "Tch," 

Jia Hyson raises his head a little incredulously. Why did he hear a rooster clicking his tongue at him? He can practically hear the 'Tch, how troublesome ah,' from that single sound. 

Jia Hyson:  'What an expressive and domineering rooster.' 

Before Jia Hyson could even blink the rooster ran off, even though it was big and plump, it still somehow looked a little sleek and fierce as it ran. He couldn't help but admire it. Truly amazing.

Bebe: 'You're a dragon and yet you're amazed by the way a rooster can run.'

Jia Hyson: 'Let's be honest here, I'm not really much of a dragon. If a tortoise stood up on it's hind legs I would also be more shocked than this stupid dragon form.'

Bebe: 'A tortoise can't stand up on its hind legs.'

Jia Hyson: 'And yet dragons exist. The world is strange that way. Now shut up and let me crawl.' 

He was even more battered and exhausted from entertaining the damn rooster so his gait was not very fast and he had to stop to recover his breath for much longer periods of time. In fact even a snail would take one look at his pacing and would call it tragically slow. Jia Hyson knew this was a rather hopeless case and didn't bother to push himself, taking his sweet time while complaining to Bebe.

Even though they can speak telepathically Jia Hyson was used to speaking aloud to Bebe when they were alone, this soon became a habit that was a little difficult to shake after three lifetimes. So Jia Hyson began to talk. Unfortunately what came out of his mouth was the garbled and poorly vocalized words of a baby dragon. 

Fortunately, Bebe was a top of the line system and all systems have a built-in universal translator in order to communicate with a variety of hosts, from aliens to shadow people to pigs. As long as the host shows potential there was no boundaries between race. 

Still, the dissonance between the soft, chirpy and warbled voice and the words being spoken was... 

"Mrrp kreee!" (Motherfuck my fucking arms!) 

"Kraw, rawr, mrrrp, mirp, rirrrr, eeep. En, meerp, ma, rreeer! Mrrrrerrr, rerr, eerp, mirrrrp mreep eep, prrur. Nrrrerrmm rememmm? Mrrp." (Everything hurts, it's worse than the first time I did bondage with an amateur. My arms are numb, my lower back is sore, I have a headache, oh my god I have the biggest tension headache! I can't even fucking reach the acupuncture points to help relieve some of the pain because I have the arms of a tiny T-Rex. Do dragons have acupoints? They fucking better.)

"Merrrrkrrrrawaarrgnn, mngggnnnnrrreeem, imrp... hah, ngnrerrrrp, rerrrrrrm, eep, meeeeerp kwar, quar, mrrreeee?" (This world sucks. There's no wifi, there's no international cuisine, and I can't fuck anyone... Hah, do you think anyone would be interested in getting fucked by a dragon or would that be considered blasphemy?)

Before Bebe and Jia Hyson could get into an in-depth discussion of whether the interracial sex between a dragon and a human in ancient times would be considered blasphemous taboo or a blessing, the rooster unexpectantly returned. Jia Hyson surprised, instantly stopped crawling, immediately dropping onto his back like a possum playing dead. 

Bebe: '...Do you think the rooster is a bear?'

The rooster it turns out was indeed not a bear. As he strode up to the unmoving little dragon, the rooster nudged a claw at the soft scaly body, nodding satisfied as Jia Hyson instinctively flinched and twitched. Bending his head down he opened his beak and released a small ball like object out of his mouth before pushing it closer to the other. 

Seeing that the rooster was doing something that didn't seem to involve harassing him, Jia Hyson looked over curiously. The rooster clucked and nudged the ball even closer to the his face.

It was a grape. Plump and juicy. Despite being held between the rooster's sharp beak it was barely bruised or squished on the journey. 

Jia Hyson who was thirsty and tired couldn't help but feel incredibly moved at this simple gesture. He had been in the village for a short while now and had endured the disgust of many females, the annoyance of many merchants, the violent and cruel curiosity of children, cats and dogs, and overall, the overwhelming indifference of everyone else. There was no one who would be kind to a dirty small and abnormal-looking lizard. Even Jia Hyson would admit he would have done the same.

And yet... this rooster saw him. Sure, maybe the bird only saw him as an interesting toy but you didn't have to be nice to your toys.

Jia Hyson weakly cranes his neck and bites into the grape. His sharp milk teeth pierce into the thin skin and the cool, sweet juice of the fruit fills his small mouth, easily wetting his parched throat with sugary delight. Jia Hyson had eaten a lot of delicacies in the last world, desserts were no exception, but right now he felt this was the sweetest thing he had ever tasted. 

Suddenly the rooster became much more appealing to the eye. 

"Mrep mur," (Thank you.) Jia Hyson sincerely says.

Of course, the rooster couldn't understand it. Even so, the bird clucked and sat down, waiting patiently for him to finish gnawing on the grape with seemingly great interest. 

Jia Hyson drank his fill of the pulpy juice of the fruit greedily before offering the rest up to the rooster in an attempt to gain a few more favorability points. Thinking back on it, the rooster was recognized by those bear children so it's identity was probably like the village bully or mascot. Jia Hyson had seen a few animals in Samotrelis that were like this in some of the villages like the big and aggressive goat in the Swamp Snake village that acts as a guard that patrols the area or the large cat in Mermaid village that would harass people in the fish market for free fish. It wouldn't be a loss to keep the rooster's favour if it meant potentially a bit more protection from these wretched village people ah. 

Of course, a rooster was much more straightforward than any human with little concept of etiqquete and so he immediately took the offered leftovers with only a moment of hesitation.

Watching the rooster swallow the rest of the withered grape, Jia Hyson felt that this sort of stoic, considerate manner was really similar to Monroe and Tian Shun in some ways. While it wasn't very clear due to, ah, a difference in species, the resemblance was definitely there. 

Jia Hyson looked up at the rooster and suddenly noticed how glossy it's black feathers were, clean and healthy despite the poor environment. In fact he was quite a handsome rooster for a, well, rooster. Well built with muscle and meat, not scrawny and starved like some of the other chickens he's seen, the sickle-shaped tail feathers were long and well-groomed, and that domineeringly cool gaze from those sharp silver eyes... 

Jia Hyson: 'Oh no, did, did my heart just skip a beat for a rooster?'

Bebe: 'Host... it's not even been a day.'




Before Bebe and Jia Hyson could even begin to fully process the fact that for a split second Jia Hyson had been legitimately attracted to a fucking male chicken, the handsome looking villager from Little Leaf village they had been stalking ran toward them. "Da Gong!" He exclaims looking a bit tired and frazzled, "There you are! Did you bully the village children again?" 

The black rooster, Da Gong, made a 'tch' noise and swivelled his head to face away from the villager. The villager gave the bird an exasperated look, it was clear that this wasn't the first time he had been snubbed by the bird. "You stinky chicken," he scolds, "I let you come with me because you scare off even the dogs but you ran off the moment we stepped foot here to steal food and scare kids. Auntie Wu has already nagged at me to stop bringing you around ah," 

Da Gong just clucked. 

The villager sighs. "I also heard you messed up Old Li's fruit cart again? Aiyah, that man almost died from fright when you jumped onto his head from the rooftops before jumping onto his cart and squishing his plums. Honestly, I fear that I'm losing more money than I'm earning it with you around."

Da Gong just clucked again. It somehow sounded even less interested than the last one. It was clear that on account of him being a rooster he was neither able to communicate with the village nor was he particularly interested in doing so. Unfortunately, it seems like the villager didn't mind the attitude and kept talking.

Jia Hyson who was listening while laying low and inconspicuously on the ground suddenly realized why such a handsome sunny looking young man was all alone with no fellow villagers to help him on his journey here save for a rooster as his sole companion. 

This guy... was a huge chatterbox! 

One minute, two minutes, five minutes... it was like all the words Jia Hyson didn't see him use when he was stalking him had been saved up just for this moment and they were bursting out like water from a cracked dam. 

Jia Hyson didn't know you could talk so much about your day ah. Even if you asked him how his whole week has been he wouldn't have been able to use half as many words. And he'd been taking acting classes with a demonic cultivator, a grandmother and a literal emperor whose son was the main character to a stallion harem novel. 

"-and then the old man told me that he spotted the pretty new Wu family's daughter in law leaving the house in the direction of her childhood sweetheart's home. He didn't say it outright but I think we all know that the poor groom is wearing a green hat ah. Though the daughter in law is quite bold, the Wu's are pretty prideful and rich, not as good as our Little Leaf village's Tang family of course but it's enough to make the daughter in law's life miserable. Aiyah, it's such a troublesome matter, the Wu family and the Pan family had agreed to this contract for years and the Pan daughter had also seemed to be fairly happy with the Wu's eldest. Now that this sort of news has come out both families have lost a great deal of face and the Pan family will face the dissatisfaction of the Wu's. Speaking of dissatisfaction, Old lady Bai once again tried to haggle over my-" 

'Host, host, the villager is talking about the original main character Pan Shuchun.' Bebe spoke up excitedly breaking Jia Hyson from his daze. Because Bebe had the skill function of [World Encyclopedia] it now had more information on the important characters that may not necessarily have been written into the story. While it couldn't currently get any information about unimportant background characters like the villager at the current level, it was more than enough to get moderately detailed hidden background information on supporting lead-level characters and above. 

'Who? I thought the main character is Tang Muxin,' Jia Hyson was a little befuddled by the young villager's mouth which was akin to a verbal machine gun. Not only is his lung capacity and memory good, his story tangents will have tangents making it confusing to listen to. One moment he's talking about fruit and the next he will talk about seeing a strange painting of a mandarin by a passing merchant before moving on to rumors about a thief stealing people's dogs. 

To be honest his voice was good and the way he spoke was not bad, making even idle things sound interesting, but the pacing was too fast and the rapid changes in subjects made it too hard to understand. Jia Hyson felt it was a pity. If the young villager could solve these problems he could probably make a living as a storyteller or entertainer. 

Bebe sighs. 'Yes, but the main character of the story she transmigrated into is Pan Shuchun. You know, the agricultural student who transmigrated into a beautiful village girl?'

To be fair, since Tang Muxin ran away from the main plot for most of the story, other than the world-building in the beginning and some passing gossip and references during the rest of the text, Pan Shuchun was not exactly a fully formed character. More like an extremely long foreshadowing at best. Most likely she would have shown up once Tang Muxin entered the palace but since this story went onto hiatus and was left incomplete... 

Anyway, Jia Hyson didn't pay too much attention to her. But it was surprising that the original main character and the true main character's transmigrated bodies would only be a few villages apart. Could this be fate or the world simply being lazy?

'Wait,' Jia Hyson suddenly recalled they gossip the villager spat out happily, 'this Pan Shuchun is married and is cheating on the husband? It couldn't be...'

When there is a story about a character transmigrating into a world where there is another person who has also transmigrated there is a common trend. The main character (mainly female) of the true story transmigrates into a villain, a vicious supporting lead, cannonfodder or random bystander. And the other transmigrated character will almost always be the heroine. 

This general trend then splits into three main cliches. 

The transmigrated heroine is only interested in living her own life happily, and is pretty chill and is not too invested in hooking up with the male characters. She and the main character will become best friends or at least friendly acquaintances who will support each other and maybe even diss the cliched other characters together. Maybe they'll even get together. This trope has been growing in popularity recently.

The transmigrated heroine treats it all as a game but thanks to some faceslapping and the possible reveal that the true protagonist is also a transmigrator, the heroine mellows our and tries to redeem her previous actions in some obvious plot event just to make her more likeable. This is the least common trope but it's not a bad one either since it gives a bit more realism to the protagonist character. 

And finally, the transmigrated heroine is a delusional two-faced, fake white lotus, green tea bitch who believes the world revolves around herself, she deserves everything good, that she is heaven's favoured darling and aims to take the reverse harem route by seducing all the hot men in the world. 

There's, of course, different variations of this type of character but generally one would observe low intelligence levels, high arrogance levels, a callous to the point of vicious attitude toward others that aren't her love targets (especially toward other women) and a feeble mind that will eventually break and go batshit insane after various blows to her ego and scheming. This is the most common and popular trope, mainly due to the great satisfaction of seeing such an unlikeable and annoying bitch get faceslapped hard. Unfortunately, it's quite overdone so the popularity is not as high as before given that other than a good faceslapping this character does not bring much to the table due to a complete lack of substance. 

However, for this current story which is written more like the slow paced daily life of a retired super-assassin, having such a hateful character is also not too bad. 

Jia Hyson carefully considers it. 

Tang Muxin won't arrive for a bit but Pan Shuchun is already here. He has time to scope out Pan Shuchun's underdeveloped character and whether it would be interesting to bring her into the plot earlier than intended. 

The fact she is legally married isn't mentioned in the story, but after getting Bebe to look into it the author briefly mentioned that Pan Shuchun had run away from the village with her childhood friend due to a marriage agreement. Nowhere didn't it say that the marriage agreement had already been fulfilled or not, just that she wasn't happy with it. 

Jia Hyson couldn't help but frown slightly. He's read about similar characters in QT stories where the story action are taken at face value or the plot is written to be in the protagonist's viewpoint and in reality nothing is necessarily what it seems. But the thing is, for Jia Hyson he didn't think that was something that actually happened. Sure the world's consciousness needs to add things and tweak things in order to explain the story plot holes which causes some unexpected changes in perspective. 

But in terms of character personality, it's different if they are written as good and kind-hearted they will be good and kind-hearted. If they are written as a fake white lotus they are a fake white lotus. Jia Hyson took it for granted that the information taken from the plot, while not necessarily complete, would at least be accurate. He didn't expect this sort of discrepancy in the original female lead. 

Bebe, sensing his puzzlement quickly explains. As a system that has seen many types of story worlds, it has a good grasp of how stories will reflect in reality. 

Usually, this sort of strange loophole would not be made but due to the story not having a proper ending where the majority of the big questions and plot has been covered already, the world's consciousness obviously could not decide where to put what and just let reality take its course for some aspects. 

For example, there is the typical cliche of having a bullied and abused son who is reborn and faceslaps all the people who wronged him like his stepbrother or stepmother or scum dad. If a story is completed with the bullied son granting his scum step-family mercy due to his kindness than it would happen. However, if this story wasn't completed and this specific scene wasn't written to showcase the bullied son's innate kind nature then logically, using reality as a basis and following the story so far with what the bullied son had experienced, the bullied son might just completely blacken instead and end up destroying the scum step-family. 

After all, in reality, the human heart is naturally a dark bloody red. 

The less popular and more unfinished a story is, the more unstable it will be in reality, creating a few discrepancies. On the bright side, it does make it easier to act more freely without being considered as breaking out of character. Not that Jia Hyson has to really worry about that currently ah. 

Jia Hyson's eye muscles twitch. As someone who writes and drops stories even more than he picks up and dumps one night stands he knows exactly how common an unfinished story is in the world of literature and web novels. That is to say, he can look forward to more of these situations in the future ah. 

This also brings about the question of future characters like those lurking in the castle. Ignoring the original protagonist, there was like, nine princes in the imperial family and who knows how many concubines and princesses. The important ones have some information on them in the story such as 'the arrogant crown prince', 'the unwanted and unfavourable sixth prince', 'the hot-headed fighting maniac third prince' etc but in terms of detail, it's worryingly sparse. Jia Hyson didn't really care about it before but now that he knows that unfinished stories have a tendency to create AWOL characters he suddenly was overcome with the same feeling he had when he was a student.

Bebe: 'What feeling?'

Jia Hyson: 'The feeling of low key anxiety where for once you studied the recent biology class topic of the digestive system but found out two days before that the test is actually on the circulatory system that you had learnt and forgotten weeks ago. Like, it's not too late to solve the problem but it doesn't feel great to do the work okay? Especially since it was already a big deal that he had studied so well in advance instead of cramming it last minute.'

Bebe: '...I thought you were a good student?' From the school records the teachers gave high praise to Jia Hyson, complimenting his quiet diligent demeanour if a little antisocial and shy. His grades were also nothing to scoff at with the exception of possibly chemistry and history but even they were pulled up last minute by his final exams. Even though it knew this spicy chicken host wasn't a good thing, Jia Hyson admitted himself that when he was younger he was much milder and timid, quite different to his current self. 

Jia Hyson: 'No, no, no, you're mistaken. My teachers thought I was a good student just because I didn't talk much. Also, I'm naturally quite smart and talented so my grades were also enough to easily get me into a good university ah.  In truth, I was very lazy and would only do things last minute unless it was a group project.' 

The societal pressure of group projects and his anxiety on how people viewed him made him unable to slack off for those sort of assignments. Unfortunately not all his fellow students sang the same tune as him making group assignments one of the most unlikeable things about the education system other than holiday homework.

Bebe: '...'   Right now a thousand school scum are spitting at you in their hearts. 

Anyway, while this problem was something to worry about in the far future it was still a pretty big problem. It's like being a director and casting people blindly for a movie that relies on a lot of improvisation and will only start filming in three years. If the people happen to be good then the movie will be brilliant, however, if one person drops the ball or their role doesn't fit the casting choice then it'll become an ugly mess. Also, who knows what will happen in three fucking years? Butterfly effect and whatnot. 

Jia Hyson sighs. Since this is only a reward world and he'll be getting compensation pay anyway, it's not a big deal but in other worlds, it will definitely be important to take note of. Right now it's best to take this world as practice if nothing else and see how it goes. 

While he was pondering these deep thoughts the villager was still talking. Da Gong also wasn't even remotely paying attention, scratching in the dirt with a blank look that radiated boredom and indifference. 

Bebe who was listening dearly wished it couldn't. Unfortunately ever since the villager spoke up about Pan Shuchun, this somewhat important character, it's work ethic wouldn't allow it to stop listening in case there was more relevant information in that stream of words. 

Bebe: '...' Why do I feel like I'm the honour student among a class of slackers? (_;)

Finally, Bebe could not take it anymore.

'Host, if you don't do something about that man's motor mouth Bebe will do something.' Bebe threatens tiredly. It had ended up doing more work today than it did the whole time in the last world ah. What's worse is that the universal wi-fi and mobile data costs are much higher in an ancient world setting so it also has to cut down on it's social media time on top of everything else. 

Jia Hyson, who still didn't know that their precious beloved wi-fi time is going to suffer greatly, still was in the mood to be playful. 'What will you do ah?' He teases inwardly. 

'Bebe... Bebe... Bebe will do, Bebe will do something!(' Bebe promises vehemently if a little pathetically. It was so tired it couldn't think of a good insult.

Aw. That's so adorable.

However, Jia Hyson was also getting tired and the day was nearly ending. He had no intention of waiting for this chatterbox to finish when he still hasn't found a place to stay the night safely. 

Forcing his overworked body to move again, crawling toward Da Gong and using his tail to curl around one of his talons, 'mrp'ing softly as if asking for attention. Because he was so small and his physical strength wasn't very good, the way he wrapped his tail made it feel like Da Gong was being lightly tickled by a delicate paintbrush. It was a feeling the rooster had never felt before and instinctively he wanted to retreat his claw and kick the offender. 

However, looking at the small baby worm with little claws just like his own, Da Gong didn't have the heart to do so. He had seen somewhat similar animals like this one but without ears and with uglier claws, much less beautiful and useful than his own. Those things can separate their tails when startled. It's very disgusting and annoying. 

Da Gong isn't sure if this odd noisy worm can also do that but he was reluctant to see such an ugly sight. Besides, the four-legged worm was so small and weak, if the tail was pulled off wouldn't it just straight up die? 

Pushing down his natural knee jerk reaction, Da Gong puffed up his feathers to try look bigger and more intimidating as he looked down on the worm. Even though the worm had amused him, it was still not correct to let the worm touch him like this! Not even his idiot master dares to touch him so intimately! 

Jia Hyson who didn't understand the thoughts of an arrogant, overbearing rooster: 'Ah, ah, he puffed up! How cute! (o)Bebe, does that mean he's excited? Is he happy that this cute dragon touched him so coquettishly?' 

Bebe who has a general understanding of the body language of various species of life forms: '...Sure.' 

Jia Hyson likes animals, it's why he chose to do zoology in university in the first place. But he was unique in that his first-hand experience with animals was virtually nil compared to the other students. Till he was twenty-one he had never even held up a rabbit. 

His mother came from a veterinarian family and was generally given the unlikeable task of having to clean up all the animals in the household clinic when she was younger causing her to be averse to having pets in the future. And by chance none of his good friends had pets, and Jia Hyson at the time didn't have a thick enough face to go over to an acquaintance's house just to pat a dog. 

He had gotten some goldfish when he was younger and he liked to feed the magpies, crows and ravens in his garden, but let's be honest, that doesn't really count, does it? 

In university he held his first rabbit. 

On the dissection table. 

To be fair, he was very, very good at handling that. 

But that still didn't help his ability to understand the intricacies of non-human body language. He's seen videos and such, and had read up on it idly but with his spicy chicken memory how on earth can he retain such non-vital information pertaining to his life? All he knows is basic stuff like raising a bird's wings might be to make themselves look bigger to intimidate or when a dog sticks out its tongue to pant it's probably because it's thirsty. Basic logic stuff.

But puffing up the feathers? What sort of survival defence mechanism is that? Isn't it just selling meng ah?

So Jia Hyson, who really didn't know any better excitedly also tried to sell meng back. Chirping cutely as he curls his entire body around the rooster's foot.

Da Gong: '...What a bold worm!'(TT)

Da Gong stiffens, startled at the audacity of this strange little worm. However, he can't help but be intrigued.

If Jia Hyson heard the rooster's thoughts he would be speechless. Not only is the rooster's attitude domineering, but even his thoughts and reactions were also very typical to an overbearing CEO male love interest who becomes interested when the cute female lead intern talks back. Unfortunately, no matter how much of a male lead Da Gong was at heart, in body he was still... a rooster.

Da Gong wasn't the only one who's attention was on Jia Hyson's actions. The chatty villager had long stopped talking after Jia Hyson made his presence known, staring interestedly at the strange creature. What was more surprising than the lizard-like animal having ears or a strange fluffy tail, was that Da Gong, this tyrant of a rooster, did not immediately beat it to death. 

He would have you know, Da Gong once beat up a whole stable worth of horses because they ate his specially prepared offerings from the village. Even the village head and the arrogant and rich Tang family would treat this feathered tyrant like a small ancestor.

Seeing that the lizard managed to hug the usually aloof and abstinent Da Gong and not get swallowed whole, how can the villager not be surprised? 

"Well, well," The villager strokes his chin with curious eyes, "It seems Da Gong has made a new buddy ah? How interesting."

Da Gong clucked blandly but he didn't shake Jia Hyson off. 

The villager chuckled and stroked his chin again, "Very interesting. Little buddy, why don't you come home with us tomorrow?"

Jia Hyson immediately turned his head toward the villager and excitedly gave his most affirmative sounding 'meep' noise he could muster. If the villager invited him as a pet then wouldn't he get protection and free lodging under a proper roof? This was like a small pie falling out of the sky for the tired Jia Hyson. It turns out in this rural setting you don't need to hold onto a golden thigh to get your way, just a chicken's will do!

"Great, great!" The villager laughs, correctly taking the noise as agreement. Standing up straight he righteously points a finger at Jia Hyson, still curled up around Da Gong's leg and declares, "I shall call you... Xiao Bang! Because you look just like a little stick!"

Little Stick Jia Hyson: '...' 

"Pft," Da Gong, as if understanding the insult let a little huff of air, almost reminiscent of a chuckle, adding salt onto the wound.

Bebe: 'It could be worse ah.'

Jia Hyson: 'How could it be worse?'

Bebe: 'You're small and covered in brown mud right now, you could've been called... Xiao Bian hehe.'()

(Xiao Bian = Little Shit)

Jia Hyson: '...' _ Unhappy.jpeg




"Now Xiao Bang, Da Gong, lets go back to rest," The villager says happily, giddy that he now has two animal companions to talk to now. 

The chatty villager was named Ye Cheng and although many people disliked his overwhelming chattiness, there were not many who hated him. He was clever, good natured and quick witted, able to read the mood easily. Not to mention physically fit. It's why the villagers felt comfortable enough to let him go outside alone to sell their wares, especially the older ones who couldn't go themselves anymore.

He also had a good eye for things. From being able to pick out the best produce, to discerning the single kernel of truth in a rumor, and finding hidden gems among garbage at the market stalls. If Ye Cheng wasn't so kind, and he hadn't been raised to be pretty much illiterate, he probably would have been a great merchant. 

That's why he could tell the lizard, like his Da Gong, was special. Smarter than the average animal at least. 

Ye Cheng had met Da Gong when he was just a fluffy black chick. Even then, not only was he bigger than normal, he was also very tyrannical and domineering, using his bigger size to bully away the other chicks in his flock and spent a lot of time alone, watching the world go by. Ye Cheng had just been passing by but immediately could tell that this rooster was very interesting and so took his meagre pay for the day to buy him. 

Even though he ended up hungry for a few days as a consequence, in the end Ye Cheng's intuition did not fail him. 

Da Gong grew up large and in charge. Fiercer than any wild chicken, scaring off cattle and canine and men alike with his tyranny. The rooster was also abnormally smart for a bird, able to quickly understand and comprehend a lot more words than even their village's dogs. 

Even though he was a small merchant in the village, no one would casually disrespect him with Da Gong by his side. Da Gong had also made a name for himself in the surrounding villagers after he chased down a pair of thieves around an entire village before catching up to them and scratching their faces bloody until they begged for mercy. It could be said that buying Da Gong was his best investment, even if he was quite a troublemaker. 

Ye Cheng, like most people in this era, was very superstitious and believed in fate and feelings. To him, meeting Da Gong was fate, the feeling of finding such an awesome bird must also be fate's will. 

And that same feeling is exactly what he felt when he saw Jia Hyson, this tiny strange looking lizard. 

Even if Da Gong did not like the lizard, Ye Cheng would probably have risked injury to save him anyway. 

Besides, his Da Gong was such a lonely rooster. It would be good for him to have a little friend. 

With such thoughts, Ye Cheng happily offered his shoulder to the small lizard to sit on. As expected, the lizard was indeed very special and did not refuse, uncurling from Da Gong's leg to crawl up the offered arm with a happy noise unlike any reptile Ye Cheng has heard before. 

Da Gong stares deeply at the lizard who so easily abandoned him, then he kicks the ground with the leg that had been hugged by the little creature with an unhappy snort, sending a small puff of dirt into the air. 

It was a good thing that he didn't offer the worm to sit on his back. The worm was fully of mud and would dirty his clean beautiful feathers. His human was also dirty and smelly. It would be a good punishment for the little worm to sit there instead. Hmph. 

Da Gong kicked the dirt again even more fiercely. 

"Da Gong! Da Gong!" Ye Cheng called out, already a few meters away. Jia Hyson was clinging to his shoulder, watching Da Gong curiously, "What are you doing? Digging for gold? Come on! Hurry up!" Ye Cheng was also puzzled. His rooster was so smart and would know when to follow him, why was it this time his rooster seemed a little dumb looking?

Da Gong 'tch'ed but obediently began to run after them. 

...

Reaching the small inn that the villager was resting in, Jia Hyson felt very dissatisfied. 

He knows he's in an ancient chinese setting right now. He does. Really. He's aware that in ancient China there was no air conditioning or vacuums or air fresheners. 

However, knowing and experiencing is too different!

When he was crawling around the market the feeling wasn't too big. After all there were many cheap street markets like this that he had visited both in his original and previous worlds. But now that he's going to sleep in such a shabby place which was considered quite classy to the middle class Ye Cheng, Jia Hyson really felt the setting hit him hard. 

Jia Hyson, a pampered, privileged and spoilt city bitch: 'Oh. () Oh no.' 

Jia Hyson had once gone on a two week trip to Sri Lanka for a university course. They traveled around and visited national parks and other such places that were remote, so the accommodations of course were not great. Jia Hyson had put up a good face but during that time he had really felt aggrieved in such a situation where heating and plumbing were barely functioning and the walls of the showers were black- because they were covered with all sorts of insects like large flying ants, millipedes and beetles. 

That was a traumatizing discovery when you're a butt naked nineteen year old. 

There was even one night where they slept in a giant treehouse. Which sounded great except Jia Hyson was afraid of heights and the bathrooms were cubicles about thirty meters down and a few hundred meters north, crossing a clearing where apparently all sorts of animals roamed given they were right next door to a free range wildlife safari park. And there was no lighting to help them if they wanted to go pee in the middle of the night. It was really tragic. 

Great for photos though. 

Once he returned back from that trip he had took an hour long bath, a half an hour shower, and hid in his bed for two days straight with his phone and a box of cinnamon doughnuts in order to recuperate.

That period of time probably consisted of the most wretched places that Jia Hyson had probably stayed in, in his whole life. Which is like, not as bad as other people he's sure, but until he becomes 'other people' then he won't complain anymore okay?

Even in the first world as poor Adrian did he not have to suffer in terms of living conditions. Sure, his cheap parents occasionally forgot to give him his allowance and such to help him pay his water and electricity bills but they at least provided the house for them to live in. Jia Hyson had never worried about rent or housing costs or being kicked out. Just eating and other essential living costs. 

As a ghost in the second world he didn't really need much in the way of material things so that didn't count. Plus, the perverted professor was pretty rich so while the house's feng shui was probably terrible, the furniture and decorations were fairly luxurious.

And as for the third world... there really wasn't much to be said there ah.  

So even though he was grateful that he can sleep with a roof over his head at all given his rather pathetic situation, just imagining that not long ago he had been on ten thousand thread count sheets and now he was sleeping on a dirty ball of clothes on the floor- it was enough to make one cry. Ah, he really regrets not asking to be rich again. 

Who says money can't buy happiness? Happiness can clearly be bought in a good, warm and soft bedding okay?! Happiness can be bought in room service and a hygienic living space! Happiness is a working air conditioner on a hot and humid night like tonight! Where was his happiness?! Where was his money?! QAQ 

Bebe: '...' (_;) This is probably a bad time to tell it's Host about the universal wi-fi situation.

"You're a little dirty," Ye Cheng observes as he places Jia Hyson on a nearby table critically. Thoughtfully he grabs a rag and wets it with the boiled water that was going to be used for his own bath, "Come, I'll wipe you down," he coaxes softly, waving the damp cloth at Jia Hyson's face to try emphasise his intentions. 

Jia Hyson blinks before hesitantly curling himself into a tight ball. Right now he's a baby dragon wary of the mortal world after going through a lot of shit. It's acceptable to follow the human since he's clearly the owner of his saviour Da Gong but something like wiping down his body... even if Jia Hyson felt a little excited the original body should feel some wariness and reluctance. 

Dragons, no matter what type, eastern, western, fire breathing or water-based, has a strong amount of pride. As a baby obviously there will be less but that pride is still ingrained in them. Jia Hyson had felt the faint stirrings of unhappiness that came from what was left of the dragon's consciousness at the idea of some lowly human touching his heavenly dragon body. 

It wasn't enough to overwhelm him though, unlike Bai Li Wei's negative emotions from the second world which was like a forest fire, this was more like a scented candle. Jia Hyson could easily stifle it but it was enough to recognize how his character should react. 

Ye Cheng realized he was still uneasy, especially in a new environment so he ended up spending a lot of time coaxing the 'reluctant and scared' Jia Hyson. Jia Hyson was a little amused by the man's antics and rather sadistically watched Ye Cheng flounder around as he tried to mime the concept of bathing to him. 

Jia Hyson: 'Hahahaha,'

Bebe: 'You are a terrible person.'  

Finally, Da Gong couldn't take it anymore. After all this was the human he reluctantly called his master, to see him act even more like an idiot embarrassed him greatly. With a 'tch,' Da Gong flapped his wings and accurately snatched the warm towel with his beak, landing on the table and throwing it at Jia Hyson. 

Jia Hyson who has been busy enjoying the show was shocked at the sudden wet and hot roughness of the cloth on his body and instinctively shrieked like a frightened baby bird. If Da Gong could frown, he would. Annoyed, the rooster nudged Jia Hyson in warning. Maybe because he used more strength, the little dragon could only roll over dumbly under the force of the nudge, the wet rag covering him also followed, turning him into a small dragon burrito. 

Da Gong pauses, a little surprised at the pitiful appearance of the little worm now bundled up in cloth. Then, interestedly, it nudges Jia Hyson again who helplessly begins to roll across the table. 

When an animal gets interested in something, generally they repeat the action a few times until they gain an understanding or become bored. This meant Jia Hyson had to endure being batted around like ball of yarn. 

Looking to Ye Cheng for help, he realised Ye Cheng was looking at the pair of animals with amusement. His gaze was almost identical to Jia Hyson's own when he was watching villager make a fool of himself.

Jia Hyson: '...' Karma comes so fast nowadays huh. 

Of course, unlike Jia Hyson, this sadistic piece of shit, Ye Cheng was a good person and only enjoyed the scene for a minute before intervening. Unfortunately, Da Gong was very unhappy to have his playtime disrupted and squawked aggressively at Ye Cheng with dissatisfaction. He hasn't finished playing with his worm yet! \(    )/

"Don't be angry Da Gong," Ye Cheng appeases as he gently rolls Jia Hyson so he's back on his tummy before pulling off the now cool rag and wetting it with hot water again. "Can't you see Xiao Bang didn't like it? Aiyah, I told you so many times, it's not good to bully people, didn't I tell you that? I did, I definitely did ah, I remember the last time you-" 

By then Da Gong ignores the chatter, expressionlessly watching Jia Hyson get wiped down. He observes how much more relaxed the little worm was under Ye Cheng's touches and felt uncomfortable in his little rooster heart.

Ye Cheng is a strong and fit young man who has handled various animals in the village so it's obvious he would be experienced in washing down a little lizard without hurting him. If anything, Jia Hyson could do with him applying a bit more pressure. His muscles were quite sore ah, he really could do with a massage right now. 

"Mmmrrrrrrrrr," He instinctively rumbled, similar to the contented purring of a kitten. The warm water from the cloth warmed his tired body and even though the pressure was not great, it was still overall very pleasant. Jia Hyson could feel himself quickly drifting off to sleep. 

"How strange," Ye Cheng murmurs as he watches the purring lizard fall asleep. "I've never heard any lizard make these noises before, Da Gong you've really picked a strange thing." 

Da Gong quietly clucked, eyes still resting on the now sleeping worm. The worm must be very tired. After all, it's so small. It must be a baby. And babies sleep a lot. 

Da Gong watches how Ye Cheng gently rubs the worm and instantly felt enlightened. Rudely, he strides toward Ye Cheng's arm and grabs the cloth with his beak again. This time he keeps the rag between his beak and lowers his head, lightly brushing the edges of the cloth onto the worm-like someone brandishing a feather duster. 

Under the ticklish sensation, Jia Hyson 'mrp'ed softly under his breath, wriggling his tiny claws to try push away the itchy feeling. However, to Da Gong, it looked like he was being playful. After all, didn't many animals with four legs wriggle their arms on their back when they were happy? Even the small humans did that. 

Seeing this, Da Gong put away the rag behind him before looking triumphantly at Ye Cheng, clucking arrogantly. See? He can also be good to the little worm! He is also gentle! Who's a bully?! Idiot human, how does it feel to be so thoroughly slapped in the face ah? 

Ye Cheng: '...'

Bebe who's been watching: '...' 

How cute ah.

It had to be said that Da Gong was actually very calculative. However he is only calculative for a rooster's standards. To a human and a super intelligent system's standards, Da Gong was rather simple and silly. However, it is indeed true that compared to the other animals he was definitely much more intelligent in various aspects. 

Still. Aww. 

Ye Cheng removes the wet rag and hands Da Gong a dry one, wriggling the cloth-like bait to a fish. "You must wipe Xiao Bang so the water sticking on him doesn't make him cold. Remember when I give you your bath? You also get dried." 

Da Gong stares at him thoughtfully before clucking in agreement and taking the offered rag. This time, more confident, he lowers his head further down so the rag can actually press onto the little worm's body and more thoroughly be wiped down. Da Gong felt his beak touch the small worm's body through the cloth and trembled slightly. How can such a loud worm be so soft? 

If Bebe heard these strange thoughts it could only 'hehe' disdainfully. Isn't that clearly just because of malnutrition ah? The scales are grown thinner and weaker since the body can't afford to dish up the required nutrients so of course they are not like this fierce rooster's sharp beak that can probably pierce wooden planks. 

Carefully and slowly Da Gong used the cloth to rub Jia Hyson's body, from the top of the head down to the tail. If they were human this would surely be a very erotic scene. Unfortunately, unfortunately, they were not and the only way one could describe the scene was absolutely adorable. 

Bebe wholeheartedly recorded it. Which person or system didn't enjoy a good cross-species friendship video? Once they get back to the system world Bebe definitely intends to post this ah. It would definitely have a good popularity on WeTube, Bebe might even be able to earn some p for it's host if the views were high enough. 

Suddenly it felt like it's host was pretty smart in requesting such a pitted thing as cuteness for this world. Not only would they get compensation on top of whatever reward they'll earn, Bebe can even take advantage and earn some extra money on the side selling cute animal videos when they go home! It's a win-win! 

Bebe looked at it's sleeping host. If it had eyes it would be dripping with kindness and love. The kindness of a generous system who is about to become a rich system. And the love of gold and wealth.

Jia Hyson shivered in his sleep.




The next day they all set off to Little Leaf Village. 

Jia Hyson scuttled around the cart curiously. He had ridden horses and been on similarly primitive carts before in Samotrelis, but obviously, with his change in stature, the view was much more different, giving him a novel worldview. His claws itches to write and describe this unique feeling but unfortunately, in front of outsiders he couldn't exactly whip out Bebe's holographic keyboard to furiously type into. 

Da Gong silently watches the little worm excitedly move back and forth in the cart with bemusement. To him, this sort of experience was very dull, merely a weekly chore in his daily life. However, he supposes for this small country bumpkin of a worm it must be a big deal. Thinking this, he can't help but feel the worm is very pitiful and has the urge to take care of such an ignorant worm, showing the little creature all the good things that it probably has never seen in it's short life. 

Puffing himself up he proudly walks around to show off the things in the cart, clucking and crowing at Jia Hyson as he struts around like he owned the place. Da Gong even flaps his wings and jumps up a particularly precarious pile of items just to drop a colourful stuffed donkey in front of Jia Hyson. He nudges the toy toward the small dragon with a doting yet arrogant look, his expression saying for him, 'Be grateful, Laozi has taken a liking to you and gifted you with this treasure.' 

Jia Hyson reaches out with his claws and clutches at the plush donkey. Da Gong had a good eye. The donkey toy was fairly small so it was not difficult for Jia Hyson to hug. Even though it wasn't very soft and the cloth it was made from was a bit scratchy and rough it was still probably the most appropriate and less dangerous thing in the cart for a small reptile like himself. 

He was amused and a little flustered at such unrestrained, clumsy doting. Monroe and Tian Shun were definitely a little like this too but they were far more subtle and restrained. However, Da Gong, who held no concept of human shame and anxiety, was different and was very bold and expressive. At the same time though, he did showcase Monroe and Tian Shun's innate meticulous thoughtfulness by picking out the best gift for Jia Hyson given the circumstances. 

Drake and Li Guiren were more the types to impulse buy whatever and offer it to him with a wagging tail. If Jia Hyson didn't like it they would learn from their mistakes and try again. Like a protagonist in a sports manga, they will always start off terrible, failing a lot in the beginning but always able to pick themselves up and strive to improve. 

In contrast, Monroe and Tian Shun acted more like they only had only one life left in a game and every choice mattered. They would research and contemplate and do all sorts of overthinking in order to pick the perfect gift. Failure was not tolerated. Jia Hyson had honestly never seen them pick an unsuitable or bad gift for him before so he truly doesn't know what would happen if he ever rejects it. 

Anyway, Jia Hyson couldn't help but feel a bit nostalgic. Absentmindedly he wonders where the other half of Da Gong is. After all, like Yin and Yang, there's always both. 

...He does hope the other shard counterpart has better luck and at least ended up as a human ah  

The ride there was long, at least a few days journey by horse. Unfortunately, it was only an hour and a half into the journey when Jia Hyson began to feel nauseous and headache-y. 

It turns out... dragons could also get motion sick.  

'Motherfuck,' He inwardly groans as he slumps on top of his donkey toy, hugging it tightly as he buries his face into the coarse fabric, trying desperately to ignore the bumpy motions of the cart. Da Gong was sitting next to him and gently fanning him with one wing. The rooster was looking the other way as he did so, pretending that he was doing such a subservient action by chance. His eyes staring blankly up at the sky, his gaze aloof and uncaring. If Jia Hyson wasn't feeling so unwell he would have found it adorable. 

It turns out a bit of tsundere is not bad ah. 

Still, not even the power of a cute animal companion would soothe his trembling stomach. On the bright side, at least they didn't have to worry about his next meal. His appetite is utterly gone, probably left for the next few days.

Ugh, just thinking about eating food right now makes Jia Hyson want to utterly die.

'Distract me a little ah. Tell me about the side missions for this story,' Jia Hyson instructs tiredly. Bebe can't show it on the holographic screen given there were other people around so it could only relay it by reading it aloud into Jia Hyson's head. 

'There are currently five main side missions.' Bebe complies quickly, also aware of Jia Hyson's suffering, 'The first is from the original body. He wants to grow up to be a proper dragon and not die before reaching his first century. Reward, 2000p, guaranteed one random special skill from original body.'

Jia Hyson immediately frowns. The first part is okay but to not die before reaching a century? Isn't that asking him to stay for over a hundred years in imperial China? What the fuck, that sounds awful. 

However the reward is really good. Ignoring the 2000p, the guaranteed special skill was incredibly tempting for him. After all [Skill Stealer] only gave a chance to steal special skills. If you're luck is good (and the skill level is high) you can get multiple special skills but if you're the type who struggles to pull out an Uncommon Rarity card on a good day like Jia Hyson then you may just get absolutely nothing. If he takes the first side mission, best-case scenario, he wins two or more skills. Worst case, he still wins at least one. 

But is it worth limited and slow wi-fi for a hundred years?

Jia Hyson weighed the pros and cons and grudgingly decided it was.

Grudgingly.

'The second side mission is from this world's consciousness and the heavenly path. It wishes you to choose the best ruler for the kingdom out of the imperial candidates. If none of them is suitable, find someone who is or groom the one with the best potential. Time limit: 30 years. Will provide one Male Lead Halo, two Helpful Supporting Lead Halos and Three Blessings of your choice (to be bestowed on others, not yourself) and 10 syringes of 100cc of Spiritual Energy (TM). Reward: A Small World's Gratitude, 100cc of Heavenly Energy (TM).' 

This one is interesting. Because the story was put on hiatus before the imperial intrigue arc took place and there have been no obvious allusions to the male lead's identity, no one knows who will be crowned the next emperor. Generally, the male lead will be the victor and rule the country well with his female lead by his side but no one knows who that is either. 

Choosing the right male lead is pretty much choosing the monarch of a country for the next fifty years. It's a difficult task, especially when male lead material may not necessarily mean good leader material. 

After all, many male leads are described as tyrannical, obsessive, only seeing their beloved female lead, blinded by love and the need to dote on their girl, cold and uncaring to others, intelligent but cruel- none of these traits is particularly great for a leader much less a leader for the country. Except the intelligence bit, obviously. And maybe a bit of cruelty. This was imperial china after all, if you can't stomach some blood you can't even dream of getting that crown ah.

Still, in order to complete the story, Jia Hyson needs to appoint a male lead anyway. The free halos and spiritual energy gained by accepting this mission was pretty much a bonus. But what is with these rewards?! 

'A Small World's Gratitude...' Bebe coughs awkwardly. It's already used to world's who give out stingy rewards in side missions. 'This reward is just as it sounds. You gain the gratitude of this world. So once the mission is completed successfully the world will favor you a bit. Generally this is through nature such as a freak bolt of lightning hitting your enemies or a bountiful harvest year or something.' 

Jia Hyson blinks, 'That doesn't sound so bad.'

Bebe looks away from it's host guiltily. It couldn't tell him that most of the times the gratitude comes in the form of something like 'never eating a rotten fruit or vegetable in this lifetime' or 'having your favorite flowers bloom in your garden no matter the season'. You would barely notice unless someone points it out to you. Lightning was only for big worlds like cultivation worlds. And the good harvest year would probably only come twice in a row at most before reality sets back in. 

Who told the world's consciousness to be created so poor and cheap? Those poor bastards could barely afford to purchase the lowest universal wi-fi and data plans okay. Ah, Bebe was so glad it wasn't born as a world consciousness, their lives were really too tragic. 

The poor and cheap world's consciousness: '...'

'The 100cc of Heavenly Energy is really good though,' Bebe quickly changes the subject. 'Scooped straight from this world's Heavenly Path where the spiritual energy is strongest, Heavenly Energy is more potent than Spiritual energy. High grade Heavenly Energy can be a 1000x more concentrated and a small dose can even make cultivators immediately ascend. Then going down it's Medium, Low and Mediocre.' 

'Of course this world wouldn't have such luxury stuff so let me guess,' Jia Hyson snorts, 'the grade of the reward energy is mediocre, what's that, 5x the concentration?'

Bebe: '...2.5x.' 

Jia Hyson: 'I see.' Not even willing to give a whole number. How stingy. DisdainfulCat.gif

Bebe felt bad for the world's consciousness being disdained for it's poor gift-giving skills. It's still pretty good stuff okay? Okay maybe not good, good but it's not bad stuff. Like socks for Christmas. Very practical. Better than nothing. 

Better than nothing Heavenly Path: '...' It hurts to be mediocre grade okay? (  `)

Stingy world's consciousness: '...' I want to retire ah. (   ` )

Despite his whining Jia Hyson accepts the first two side missions. It's not like he'll get the death penalty if he doesn't succeed ah. At worst, for side missions like the second one where the employer would give tools to help, obviously there would be a monetary compensation if you used up their things and didn't produce results. 

Do you think halos are like cabbages? Only the world's consciousness and heavenly path can give them away and even then it costs quite a bit of energy on their half okay? They're already so broke, it's like making a homeless person pay a passerby to go buy them food and that passerby ends up buying some shitty plastic bracelet. It's really hard for them okay?

As poor as homeless people World's Consciousness and Heavenly Path: '...' Must you hurt us like this? (  )(  ) 

The next side mission is also from the World's Consciousness. 

'Reconciliation between dragonkind and humankind?' Jia Hyson shakes his head, 'Pass, hell no, that's too difficult.' 

If it was to change the general opinion of dragons toward humans from 'terrible and greedy people' into 'there's some good eggs among the bad' them it's possible by introducing the protagonist to them. However this was asking for dragons and humans to be on friendly terms again which was nearly impossible.

Because humans were as a whole rather terrible and greedy people, and dragons were arrogant and prideful to their bones. Even if humans worshipped dragons now, that was because they didn't really believe in their hearts that they were real. They were like Lord Ye who loved dragons- only loving the concept but not truly the real thing. 

Maybe if the dragons came to offer them gifts and blessings they will be happy with only a few harboring greedy thoughts and ill intentions, but if these great dragons suddenly appeared and demanded the servitude they were used to... 

No, no, reconciliation is too difficult. Jia Hyson came from modern more civilized times and even then people still haven't completely found a stable equality and mutual respect for each other. If they were still so many people being discriminatory against having a different skin color then expecting them to hold a good attitude to a completely different species altogether was like asking a lion to hold a baby rabbit in it's mouth and not move. 

Obviously the result will be messy and bloody and definitely not what you were going for unless you were a sadistic farmer who somehow owns a lion. Maybe the farmer is a retired circus person. Who knows.

What were they talking about?

Right. Third mission. Firmly rejected. 

He's not even going to hear the rewards. Because Jia Hyson knows he's a weak-willed bitch who would probably be tempted with whatever he hears. 

The fourth mission was also similarly rejected. It was again, from the World's Consciousness, but this time it asked for Jia Hyson to inject enough spiritual vitality into the world that would sustain low level primitive life that lives in Heaven such as spirit herbs and maybe small spiritual beasts like horned rabbits or golden flower sparrows. 

Now even though in the mission request it is emphasized those were considered the easiest to maintain creatures in Heaven's world who will naturally flock to places with some spiritual energy like insects to a food pantry, Jia Hyson wasn't fooled. He had over three years of biological and ecological principles carved into his head and no matter how shitty his memory is he can still recall the general gist of it. 

Spiritual energy is like nutrition in soil. You need to have a way to replenish it. For soil, nutrients are taken away by plants to grow but are given back through the decay of plant matter and detritus. It's a nice cycle. And more nutrients can be added with the corpses of animals and insects. Unfortunately spiritual energy on earth not only doesn't have a good medium that can hold most of it without dissipating back out into the atmosphere, it also doesn't have a way to constantly replenish energy without dragons. 

Which meant he would either have to find an alternate energy source or try to get dragons to come back to earth without antagonizing or being provoked by humans. 

Jia Hyson sighs. 'This World's Consciousness is quite a greedy fellow. It wants me, this small dragon who worries about getting his next meal, to reform the entire country and even change the setting from Imperial China to Xiaxia ah.' 

'Most World Consciousness are like this,' Bebe explains patiently, it has seen many hosts complain about the frankly high expectations these world's seem to have for them in terms of mission requirements. They're not wrong though, these sort of missions were absurdly hard to do not to mention time consuming. Even if Jia Hyson could reincarnate a hundred times he still wouldn't have enough time to achieve such a thing ah. 'Unfortunately those with more feasible requests are worlds with a better situation that don't need our help as desperately.'

It's the equivalent of choosing between giving a million dollars to a poor person or ten dollars to a rich person. Even though you feel sorrier for the poor person, if you had to choose it would be much easier to help the rich person. Not only because you don't have a million dollars you can just casually give away, but because the benefits in helping the rich person is also much greater. 

World's consciousness and Heavenly Path: '...' Please stop. (   ) ( `)

Who made it so even worlds must face the disparity and unfairness that was life? 

Finally, the fifth mission was actually quite different from the previous ones. 

'The fifth side mission request is requested by the original body's father and current leader of the golden dragons. He wishes to find his son again and watch him grow up and marry. The marriage partner must not be a two-faced dragon since his fellow dragons were the reason why the original got dropped here in the first place. The original's father learned the truth later on and could no longer trust the other dragon groups. 

However even if they aren't a dragon they still must be an acceptable match for his child. Strong, independent, polite and filial to elders, a body and mind as flexible as bamboo against a storm, as strong as a mountain and yet as lovely as a peony blossom budding in spring. Preferably as young as his son and be just as cute. Does not have to be from a rich household or have high status, in fact, preferable not to but must have power and reliability.'

Jia Hyson: '...' He understands the first sentence of the request but why was the rest written like an online dating advertisement? And a rather annoyingly specific one too.

'This is the wish the original body's father made in the original story,' Bebe coughs awkwardly, 'Because of the original body's death obviously as said before the consequences were quite tragic resulting in widespread conflict with the dragons as the winners. Despite winning though, the golden dragon king's wife died and he was left to grow old alone. His main regret in life was not seeing his son grow up and be happy. As time passed and had nothing left to do but vent on humans and other dragons he also spent a lot of his old life imagining what would it be like if his son was still alive.

When even the hatchlings of the original body's generation began to have children of their own the golden dragon king grew immensely bitter and sad seeing those little grandchildren. When he died he wished his son was not only alive but can find a partner and give him grandchildren as well. 

Unfortunately since he was so old, he was still a little senile at the time when the overseer was processing his request and he ended up rambling up his dream daughter in law.'

Jia Hyson: '...wu..'

Bebe: ?

Jia Hyson: 'Wu.. wu... wuwuwuwu that's so sad! Oh my god I hate that, wuwuwuwu let's take the mission, I don't care what the rewards are I'll let the dragon king experience the familial love he deserves!'

Bebe: 'O-okay...' 

Bebe was a little stunned at how easily it's host was moved by the story. Then it realises that this mission touched on one of Jia Hyson's biggest fears- dying alone with no one that loves him- and one of the few topics that can successfully make him tear up- sad old people with lost dreams and hope that they can never gain back because they're at the end of their life. 

It's host was the sort of person who would smile as he read about innocent highschoolers get massacred Saw movie style but once he starts reading through an elderly woman's dying regrets as she slowly and weakly traces the tears of her only granddaughter... that was when the waterworks would flow. Jia Hyson simply could not stand the sadness of this sort of thing. The Notebook? Was completely unmoved, even disdainful, until the very last scenes where he suddenly burst into tears and couldn't bear to even look. Tragic old people were essentially his emotional sore spot. 

Da Gong glances down at Jia Hyson and was startled to see the rather lethargic worm wiping his face against the toy donkey, faint pinpricks of wet spots forming on the toy's fabric from the tears. Da Gong stares at the little worm, concern in his eyes. 

Angrily Da Gong turns around to glare at Ye Cheng and the horse, blaming his human's bad driving skills as well as the horse for not pulling its weight and trying to keep the cart as smooth as possible. The worm is clearly ill and crying from pain ah! He had already shown off the greatness of his human and cart, strutting and boasting to the worm but if the worm becomes sick because of the cart then isn't it his fault? 

As the boss he will have to take the blame and lose face in front of the worm!

Ye Cheng: '...' Who's the boss? Who's the master? Am I the one not providing for you? () -

After being angrily squawked and pecked at for a few minutes Ye Cheng finally got the message being sent via angry rooster and changed the pace of his cart to a slower and steadier pace. Ye Cheng glanced at Da Gong who merely hmph-ed and turned away to hurriedly attend to his worm. There wasn't even a thank you.

Ye Cheng: '...' Okay, okay, you're the boss ah, you're the boss. _(QwQ _ )_

Ye Cheng bitterly continued steering the cart as he listens to his domineering bully of a rooster coax the small lizard with soft clucking and gentle strokes with his wing, a complete turnaround to how he just treated the one who raised and fed him for so many years. Is this the rooster trying to be a friend or raise a small wife ah?! 

The more Ye Cheng thought about it the worse he felt. He's in a cart with a rooster and a lizard but somehow he can't help but feel like he's being a third wheel being force-fed dog food. How come it seems like his chicken will find a girlfriend before he does ah?! 

Ye Cheng stares at his horse and reaches down to pat it's rump sadly, "You'll never leave me right Lok Lok?"

Lok Lok the horse turns around and snorts disdainfully at his master, farting at him before continuing to slowly walk across the beaten path. 

Ye Cheng chokes on the foul smell. 

QAQ Why is life so hard for a handsome single dog like himself ah?




Little Leaf Village was pretty typical to what you expect from a rural village in ancient china. Dusty, a lot of brown colours, a stray dog sitting by the outskirts. Those sort of things. Mainly the inhabitants of the area were from farming families and the scenery when nearing the village became filled with paddy fields, oxen and other farming related things.

...What? As if Jia Hyson knew the agricultural situation in this bullshit time period. He doesn't even like reading harem intrigue in quick transmigration arcs that much so his knowledge of these types of stories were a little more lacking compared to other genres.

All he knows is that there are definitely no sweet potatoes. Because that's like the number one big contribution all transmigrated heroines that go to ancient times do in the face of famine. They introduce sweet potatoes. 

Which, like fair, sweet potatoes grow like weeds, are filling, and overall a good staple food. But still. Like ugh. At least do something else. Investing in irrigation, introducing capitalist ideas to provide incentives for farmers to increase their agricultural productivity, encouraging research on drought resistant plants through artificial selection and breeding... Jia Hyson isn't much of an expert but he feels like there's definitely more that could be done. 

Bebe: 'You know, sweet potatoes in reality aren't exactly native to China ah.'

Jia Hyson: ???

Bebe: 'Yeah, famous patriotic historians insisted that sweet potatoes are ingenious to China but in reality they were introduced in the Ming Dynasty through trading with Americans.'

Jia Hyson: 'What, seriously?'

Bebe: 'Seriously.' 

Jia Hyson: '...So the web novel authors all lied to me.'

Bebe: 'Well, since we're in this world and it is written that sweet potatoes are grown here in the original story, technically sweet potatoes are native to China in this specific case so in a sense those authors aren't wrong since the worlds they create make them right.'

Bebe: 'Who know's, maybe sweet potatoes are native to China in every world but your own and it's because the author who wrote the ancient chinese stories that stabilised your world was a conspiracy nut.'

Jia Hyson: '...Are they?'

Bebe: 'Lol, no, they're definitely native to South America.'

Jia Hyson: 'Oh, okay.'

Bebe: 'Or are they really?   Hehe.'

Jia Hyson: () I don't want to play these mind games anymore.

Ye Cheng lived near the edge of the village. Not for any big reasons, it's simply because his parents lived nearby and it's easier to take care of his animals with more open space. 

His house was small but it was also neither too luxurious nor too shabby. It still reeked of poverty with it's peeling paint, mold and worn down roof-tiles but on closer inspection nothing was awfully broken or badly damaged and in dire need of repair. 

The same could be said for the inside of the house. While the furniture looks old, dirty and cheap, it wasn't uncomfortable to look at, rather it seemed very worn in and comfortable. 

Jia Hyson decides reluctantly it was okay. Ye Cheng is a benefactor of his so his tolerance should be higher. 

Luckily he was a baby dragon and no one could see the faint distasteful expression that could only come from a rich person facing... well facing exactly this. 

However Bebe could sense it and snorted, 'Host, you'll have to deal with worse in the future ah,' it sneers, 'do you think the overseer will always arrange good conditions for you every time?'

'Good con-' Jia Hyson splutters indignantly, 'I was burned alive and lived in a doll in the second world! Fuck you!' 

'...Oh right,' Bebe pauses then asks curiously, 'You're still not over that huh?'

'Bebe..'

'Hmmmm?'

'Let's aim to buy you a physical body okay?' () So this Laozi can burn you alive and see how long it takes for you to get over it.

Bebe: '...Bebe doesn't want to. Bebe's sorry.' 

Ye Cheng had picked up quite a few animals over the years. Some were injured and had left after they healed, some stayed around the area and some like Da Gong and Lok Lok became part of the household. Apart from them, Ye Cheng also had some hens for egg-laying, a large, dirt-colored mixed breed dog named Da Shen (Big Hill), and black cat with only half a tail, Xiao Shua (Little Brush). 

Da Shen was a lazy dog and Xiao Shua was an aggressive cat however both were incredibly subservient to Da Gong. When Ye Cheng enters the household the two animals merely give him a happy greeting but once the black rooster puts one claw into the house the pair are already standing at the door, sitting by the entrance with straight backs like guards awaiting the emperor to pass. 

Ye Cheng: '...' Animals are so ungrateful ah. 

Jia Hyson: 'Wao, Da Gong really is more male lead like than any of the other personas I met. He's so cool ah!' 

Bebe: 'Bebe also can't help but agree. Somehow Da Gong is more manly and domineering than all of the others put together lol.' 

Jia Hyson: 'Lol you're so mean, I love it.' (o)

If others heard the scene they would feel this system-host conversation would be akin to a couple of mean girls praising their male god by comparing and dissing their exes. 

The 'exes' sitting in a drawer in the safe space: '...' Suddenly feeling a sense of crisis what to do? 

Da Gong glanced at the cat and dog who were flattering him and 'tch'ed coldly. Da Shen and Xiao Shua both meowed and woofed respectfully lowering their heads and avoiding eye contact like timid prey in front of a predator. Their lowered gaze soon was attracted to the new creature at Da Gong's feet. 

It was a small lizard. Not only was it a small lizard it was also quite strange to look at. With strange horse-like ears, bird-like claws and hair on it's tail. Not to mention even though it's brown in color under the light it seems to shine gold at the right angle, like an old poorly maintained antique, rusted and hiding the true beauty underneath. 

Both Da Shen and Xiao Shua stared at the lizard. 

And promptly drooled. 

Jia Hyson: '...' 

Right, cats and dogs are also killers and eaters of lizards. 

Jia Hyson felt despairing. Are lizards so pitiful now? Since when did they become the bottom of everyone's food chain? 

No, wait, something's wrong here, he's not a freaking lizard! He's a dragon! He's meant to be adored by the heavens! QAQ

He's been treated like a lizard, a pest, and unknowingly, a worm. Jia Hyson felt severely wronged. Even though what he asked for caused him to become this state, his main request- to be super cute- was still not fulfilled! No one is appreciating his cuteness! People think he looks ugly and weird! Fuck! Isn't this just a scam then? 

While Jia Hyson was crying with no tears, Da Shen and Xiao Shua were very excited. After all, Da Gong, this tyrant is also a meat eater like them and also likes to drop gifts for themselves and his other subjects to show appreciation for their loyalty. Before the trip Da Shen had previously annoyed Da Gong by accidentally tripping over the rooster early in the morning and Xiao Shua had made the mistake of pissing she should not have pissed, also incurring Da Gong's anger, so they really hadn't expected to be brought a gift. 

Even if it's only one lizard it's so unique, it must taste very good. Xiao Shua meows happily, stretching out a sneaky paw, wishing to have the first taste before smelly mutt gobbles it down. Da Shen, like his name, is quite big. A big dog with a big mouth and a big stomach. Xiao Shua was afraid this gluttonous old dog won't portion the lizard out fairly. 

However before the outstretched paw could even touch a scale, a strong rooster claw stepped on it, pushing the paw into the dust on the floor. 

Da Gong stares fiercely at Xiao Shua. "Cluck?" 

Xiao Shua instantly cowers. Even though she was not a big cat, she was still a cat, yet this rooster was larger than herself not to mention abnormally strong. "Mrreow..." She whimpers submissively, as much as she tried she could not free her paw, fearful she immediately laid on her stomach and stared up pitifully at the bird. 

Da Gong stares at her for some more before making a 'tch' sound and raising his talon, freeing the cat from his grasp. Xiao Shua hissed and licked her paw in attempt to try minimize the pain. She was sure that if they shaved her leg hair there would be a bruise the shape of Da Gong's foot. She was grateful that Da Gong still kept their friendship at heart and didn't use his sharp nails to do any terrible damage. 

Da Shen also sees his little house companion's predicament and wisely puts back his drooling tongue, lying on his stomach and whimpering softly. As an old dog who used to live on the streets as a pup he knew when to bend and bow. 

Da Gong clucks, satisfied with his subordinates' understanding before clucking a bit more, voice less agressive. At the sound both dog and cat sit back up again, as if reassured that the tyrannical rooster will no longer use his strength to subdue them. Jia Hyson watches this with wide eyes. He had sort of suspected this when Da Gong could make Lok Lok the horse stop and go but now he was sure that in this world animals can talk to each other regardless of species.

But why can't he understand them?

'You're still an infant,' Bebe inputs, 'and a malnourished one too, you're cognitive processing is underdeveloped. You should either have the passive skill [Dr Dolittle's Gift, you're not crazy, you're special. And crazy.] or [Zoolingualism, the language of zoos- I mean, animals.] or [Telepathy (Interspecies Edition)].'

Jia Hyson mentally pulls up the skillsets this body has in his mind. He had a lot of them but unfortunately they were almost all greyed out except for [Cutie Beam] which requires a bit of spiritual energy to use. Spiritual energy he wasn't really ready to waste just to seduce a dog and a cat. 

Finally he finds the relevant skill. 'I have [Zoolingualism],' Jia Hyson notes, being that it's a passive skill that wasn't grey-ed out he felt quite pleased. Doesn't that mean it's pretty good ah?

'Ah, the cheapest one, Bebe supposes that makes sense.' Bebe mutters disappointedly, shattering Jia Hyson's happy thoughts. 

[Dr Dolittle's Gift] allows anyone to speak to any animal on earth, unfortunately it was a passive skill and one couldn't turn off and on the animal's voices like in other skills. [Telepathy (Interspecies Edition) (Active)] can help a host understand what anyone of a different species is trying to convey as long as the other individual is actively communicating it in their head. 

[Zoolingualism] on the other hand is fairly useless in comparison as it provides the host the potential to learn and speak other animals' languages, giving the host more flexibility in their vocal chords, hearing that will adjust to best listen to the animal's voice and a stronger intuition in interpreting body language. 

In short, the first two were simply big cheats and the latter was a textbook. 

There's also other similar language skills like [Subtitles, the subtleties of subtitles (Active)] that could help but those are BeBay exclusive skills that require p. Not to mention, since they are actually quite useful if a bit unorthodox, they are at least three times more expensive than [Zoolingualism] this skill that not even study gods would want to work on. 

Jia Hyson: '...' 

Jia Hyson who heard Bebe rant about how shitty his inactive [Zoolingualism] skill was really felt the malice of the universe. In school his strengths were biology, math and art. English and literature were surprisingly not good at all. 

Learning new languages was difficult for Jia Hyson. It requires a lot of memory that he really didn't have. If not for the fact that Hollywood made way better movies and television shows than China with it's censorship laws and poor animation production then Jia Hyson truly felt like he would have never learnt the language in his lifetime. 

For literature the largest reason was that creative writing was not a large part of the curriculum. And while Jia Hyson had a strong grasp for metaphors, story comprehension and use of language, his essay writing skills were too informal, his grammar wasn't the best and his handwriting was always rushed and messy. 

Overall, his grasp on other languages was poor, his memory was poor, his understanding on different sentence structures were poor... And now they want Laozi to have to actively learn various animal languages to communicate with them?!

(  Learn your mother! Fuck! 

'Add to the list of compensation demands,' Jia Hyson orders angrily. This world really liked to slap his face ah. 'I want the telepathy skill.' 

If Bebe had a face it would be black. Their request for compensation was approved and they were allowed to write a list of demands to appease themselves with but there were obviously limits. It should be known that [Telapathy (Interspecies Edition) (Active)] is so good it's worth over 12.5 million p! That skill can be applied to all species! Interstellar and cultivation creatures included! 

In short, this was not something one could just request even for compensation. While it was the system overseer's fault their reward world wasn't on easy mode it wasn't a monumental mistake that has produced nearly irreparable damage to the host's emotional well-being or soul. 

'Bebe can negotiate for the subtitle skill and a high-level linguistic improvement pill,' Bebe finally compromises with some internal calculating. Bebe had a lot of connections which was also a factor on how it got such a good job as a Beta system. While it couldn't get such a price-y special skill, it could at least get a bit more leeway compared to some other systems ah. 

Jia Hyson also understood. If he wanted that Telapathy skill he probably would have to sacrifice everything else on that list just for the overseers in charge to consider it. Overall, it wasn't worth it. 

'Fine, sounds good,' he internally sighs. 'So what's on the list so far?'

Bebe also sighs. Between it's host and itself they were terrible shoppers. Jia Hyson was the type to be stingy until the moment he decides to buy something, then he would never stop shopping until he was half a foot into bankruptcy if someone doesn't stop him. Bebe was even worse. It likes to buy, buy, buy. If it was unsure between two things it would buy both! 

Therefore both it's cheap host and it's shopaholic self had taken great pains to pick and choose as carefully as possible. Technically some things from the list can be denied but the overseer system in charge will look favourably on them if they don't ask for too many extravagant things and will be more likely to accept their terms and conditions.

So far they had asked for, from most important to least:

Special Skill [Subtitles (Active)]

High-level linguistic improvement pill x 1

Free Ultimate Grade Data and Universal Wi-fi Plan valid for one world's stay.

100cc Spiritual Energy x20

150,000p

One advantage in next world

One powerful advantage in next world with Imperial China setting 

Free Skill Upgrade x2

Free System Skill x2

10cc Medium Grade Heavenly Energy

50% discount for two of Overlord Li Jun's products

A pair of HellS' winter line of demonic kinky boots made with pure Minotaur leather soaked in hellhound blood.'

'Aiyah, I feel like we could ask for more stuff from HellS.' Jia Hyson clicked his tongue regretfully, he had seen and fallen in love with the brand while browsing through BeBay. Not only were the clothing stylish and heart-throbbingly sexy with a dominant sadistic feeling to them, they were also very practical. 

Even the cheapest HellS shoes were completely immune to hellfire level intensity flames and is also water, scratch and stain proof. The one he wanted could even give him a boost in leg strength and speed and allow him to walk on the thinnest ice. Unfortunately with his current amount of p it was something well out of his pay range. 

If the other things on the list weren't so important he would have also bought the limited edition Ripped Virtues Jeans (Dead Sea Color), the Sinful Spring Couture Deviation Jacket (Cursed Forest Green Color), and the entire set of the Eternal Daaa-mnnation 2010 Fashion Line. They even recently opened an underwear line called Vivacious Vices that was like Victoria's Secret but with messed up superpowers. 

Like the G-strings under the Glittony line that can give you the ability to make anything you swallow down your throat delicious. Or those boxers from the Wicked Wrath line that make it so your thighs can crack open a watermelon...

Bebe: '...'

No! These sort of immoral things- Bebe really doesn't have the face to request them from a supervisor! 

Rejected! Even if they had the capital and means to get freebies on such an exclusive and popular brand like HellS it must be rejected! 

By this time Da Gong had finished his little lecture and Da Shen the dog and Xiao Shua the cat both woofed and meowed obediently, the very image of good yes-men. Their eyes glance to Jia Hyson with much less hunger in their eyes but there was a trace of disdain and unwillingness that they couldn't hide. 

As a big dog and a prideful cat, the only reason they would bow down to a mere chicken is due to Da Gong's nature defying strength and ferocity. Later on they felt kinship and respect for the feathered tyrant but the point is, for an animal, might is right. If Da Gong was a weak chicken he would have long been their dinner. 

But Da Gong wasn't and now he was the alpha of the village. Da Shen and Xiao Shua easily accepted it. But that didn't mean they were happy to have to treat a lizard like an equal under the big boss' commands. Seeing the way Da Gong put a wing down and so kindly allowed the lizard to crawl up his wing and onto his back, when the bird was usually so fastidious and abstinent, their unhappiness grew deeper. 

If they do much as ruffled a feather out of place they would have been beaten till they cried uncle! 

They watched Da Gong then carefully walk into the house with the lizard before finally squatting down. They watched the little lizard roll off the rooster and make a strangely sweet noise at the bird before being nudged toward...

Xiao Shua: "Meow!" My food bowl!

Da Gong slowly turns to stare at Xiao Shua. 

Xiao Shua: '...'

Da Shen and Xiao Shua exchanges sullen gazes. 

Is this the so called beauty that can destroy a country?

But why was the beauty... so goddamn ugly???




It's been a week since Jia Hyson had arrived at Little Leaf Village and he was adjusting well. 

Well. He was adjusting okay. 

The free wifi plan they got from the compensation list they made previously helped a lot. 

Yes, most of their demands for compensation were accepted so Jia Hyson and Bebe were a fairly happy pair. And while some of the bigger demands like the [Subtitle] special skill were still processing with the upper management they felt they could truly call this a reward world now. 

Most importantly, with the amount of syringes of pure spiritual energy, Jia Hyson doesn't have to worry much about starving before meeting the transmigrated protagonist anymore. 

Unfortunately, just because he doesn't worry as much doesn't mean he doesn't worry at all. 

The first time he used one syringe, treating the item like a baby's bottle, he ended up greedily devouring the whole thing before just barely becoming satisfied. He had been tempted to have more if not of Bebe harshly reminding him that they had a very limited amount in storage right now.

Syringes of pure spiritual energy were pretty pricey in BeBay, going at 2,500p for 50cc. For Jia Hyson who fucked up and impulse bought quite a few items in the last world, he could only clutch at his purse strings in distress. He still has some p left but it hurts to buy such expensive food.

Raising a dragon is too hard ah!  

But with the compensation there should theoretically be enough spiritual energy to scrape by for as long as Jia Hyson does some serious portion control. 

Unfortunately, he's not very good at that so he gave the responsibility to Bebe. 

Aiyah he was the type of person who will force himself to eat until he nearly pukes if the food is a) delicious enough and b) it's in front of him. Currently he's constantly hungry and malnourished. If he could restrain himself at this point he might as well change his name and call himself Buddha. 

Fortunately though, the pure spiritual energy wasn't very delicious. If Jia Hyson could describe it, it would be like coconut water. It's not bad- cooling, refreshing and subtly sweet but it's not exactly the most satisfying thing in the world to consume. Even if at first Jia Hyson thought it was very tasty and possibly the best thing he's ever drank ever, it was mainly due to his own hunger than the actual taste of the energy. After the first few days of drinking that and only that, the novelty quickly wears thin. 

'I want to eat the golden goose egg.' Jia Hyson whines as he drinks the spiritual energy on his back, using all four of his tiny claws to hold up the syringe shaped container. 

'You know damn well that you're not big enough to eat that,' Bebe snaps, 'Now shut up and drink your energy, there's hosts starving in Africa you know!'

Jia Hyson: '...' Yes mother. 

Jia Hyson sullenly kept sucking on his syringe bottle. 

"Cluck?" 

Jia Hyson froze, his legs were still wrapped around the syringe and his little pink tongue was poking out. He looked like a startled baby getting caught with a hand in the cookie jar. 

Da Gong walked over, cocking his head curiously. His worm was always by his side except a few times in the day where the worm would slink away somewhere and hide. Even though Da Gong was very good at hunting, the worm was not only small and quick but a brown, almost bronze color. In the dirt and wild grass, it's very difficult to find the other. 

However lately his worm has begun to turn a bit shiny. The body was no longer dull and rusty looking but more polished and strangely eye catching despite the minuscule change. Even Da Shen, that old dog, commented on it, commenting that, though his eyes are getting worse, there's a strange attraction to the lizard recently that makes it easier to notice it. Da Gong had agreed internally but kicked the dog angrily anyway. 

Who told the dog to look at his worm?! ()

Da Shen: '...' Can't look at it but also must watch over it, can't touch it but has to keep it away from anything dangerous... Boss, just tell me if you secretly hate me ah, this lowly dog won't cry, really QAQ 

Anyway, due to the recent physical changes, Da Gong was able to finally track his worm down. He was now used to having the little worm by his side and couldn't help but feel uncomfortable if the worm was not nearby, chirping softly and ticklishly in his earholes. 

The worm was very interesting to look at and listen to. Not to mention it was almost as smart as himself. Even though they couldn't converse, the worm was very good at understanding what he wants to convey. The worm was silly but it is also very polite and obedient like a good baby. 

Da Gong liked the worm a lot. ()

"Cluck, cluck?" Da Gong squats in front of his worm who was in a strange position holding a strange object. Instinctively it felt the object was too alien and wanted to kick it away from his worm but seeing the small pink tongue licking at the tip of the thing... it must not be too bad right? 

"Mrp..." Jia Hyson looked down at his syringe, it was nine-tenths empty and he was just barely full. With a bit of reluctance he holds out the syringe and offers the rooster to try some. After all he knew that Da Gong would not ignore such a strange and foreign item, especial one he was holding.

Over the past few days Jia Hyson realised the bird was abnormally protective of him. Jia Hyson initially thought that it's because he had already collected quite a few shards that this caused the favourability of the rooster to naturally be so high but Bebe ruthlessly destroyed that trope for him. A Royal system is immensely large, those tiny shards he collected was barely a percentage of the whole system. 

Not to mention those shards were isolated and unable to communicate with the other pieces. It was theoretically not possible for future personas to immediately fall in love with Jia Hyson because of this alone. At best they'll feel an initial attraction or interest but even that would probably require collecting a lot more shards. 

While Bebe wasn't sure why Da Gong seemed so taken with Jia Hyson, especially since the 'cuteness' buff currently was so low thanks to malnutrition but it was certain it wasn't due to some stupid story trope of love being able to cross worlds and lifetimes. 

Aiyah if that shit was real wouldn't the systems overseeing the reincarnation cycles of various worlds be better off as salted fish then? Think about it, how could a host do their job if one of the people they previous seduced was by chance reincarnated into the same world they had entered and fell in love with them on sight for no fucking reason? And to the point they would throw away nearly all their character settings in order to woo the host, completely ruining the story flow along the way?  Isn't that just a huge bug?! 

Sure sometimes the soul of a previous reincarnation are strong enough to keep a small remnant of self in the next life but that only manifests in small things like phobias or preferences. Plus, sometimes their past love in a previous life is a completely different person with different personality traits in this life. Even though it's the same soul it's not really the same person they fell in love with, to do so blindly is not only a big bug but also a case of stupid foolishness. 

While Bebe was bb-ing in it's heart Da Gong was laying down as low as possible as Jia Hyson let the bird taste the last bits of spiritual energy. His scrawny arms and small claws trembled slightly from the exertion of holding up the syringe for so long so Da Gong tried to flatten himself further into the ground so there was less effort on his worm's part. 

If he could've Da Gong would've taken the syringe himself but the container and way of drinking from it was impossible for a bird like himself to hold. Even though the rooster felt a bit distressed to see the worm so weak, there was a faint sense of satisfaction and sweetness in his chest looking at how hard the worm was trying to feed him. 

As an animal, the concept of indirect kisses was completely lost on Da Gong and there wasn't any hesitation when he opened his beak around the small opening of the syringe, using his tongue to taste the concentrated liquid spiritual energy. Swallowing it down Da Gong's silver eyes brightened, and quickly began to drink the rest of the energy like he had been injected with chicken blood. 

Cough, well, injected with even more chicken blood anyway. 

To Da Gong, the taste of the energy was incomprehensibly delicious. Even though it didn't taste like much, it felt like he was drinking something he didn't know he was craving his whole life. Once he started he probably won't be able to stop.

Jia Hyson watches the rooster drink up the energy in the syringe greedily with a faint foreboding feeling. 

When Da Gong finishes and stares at him with expectant eyes his feeling gets much more profound. 

"Cluck? Cluck, cluck?"

Jia Hyson who doesn't understand rooster but understood what he was asking for was crying with no tears. 

It seems like his supply of spiritual energy is in danger ah.

Main character! Come transmigrate here soon! Please! QAQ

...

Tang Muxin, the super assassin main character, finally transmigrates two weeks since Jia Hyson arrived at the village. 

By this time Jia Hyson has more or less gotten used to living in ancient times. 

In some ways he's grateful that he's a liza- dragon. They're cold blooded and are happy in the heat and sleepy in the cold and they have scales so they're not very affected by insects. As someone who was not only picky with temperature and gets bitten by mosquitoes and harassed by other bugs regularly when he goes outside, Jia Hyson was fairly satisfied. Not to mention hygiene is much easier to maintain compared to his feathered and furry friends. 

Though the first time he did his business as a dragon was quite shocking. 

It should be stressed that he was a dragon, a dragon that the world consciousness had to make up an fantasy backstory to in order to justify his existence. Obviously there was going to be some weird shit in his anatomy. 

One of them just happens to be pooping jade. 

Jia Hyson: '...I can never look at jade the same way ever again.' 

Bebe: '...' Bebe's host is so cheap but his shit is so expensive, there's definitely a joke in there somewhere. 

Jade is a typical item in many chinese novels- from modern to cultivation to apocalyptic stories- which is capable of storing spiritual energy. When one thinks about it, how is it possible for dragons to provide spiritual energy to the earth so easily? It wasn't like their very aura exudes out spiritual energy for the surroundings to absorb. So they must excrete it from somewhere as a byproduct. Dragons didn't sweat, they hardly cry and using blood to nourish the earth would be too inefficient. 

Therefore the world's consciousness took out a biology textbook, took up a a webnovel and came up with this nonsense which is explained in Bebe's [World Encyclopedia] skill. 

[Dragons require high concentrations of spiritual energy to survive. They digest it and produce jade filled with lower quality spiritual energy. Because it's lower quality, it's safe to slowly dissipate out of the jade and into the environment to soak up and absorb bit by bit. Overtime if the ground and plant life is constantly replenished with 'jade' they would adapt, evolve or produce into an organism with spiritual energy.]

Jia Hyson: '...As a person who studied zoology I appreciate the usage of ecological principles behind this ridiculousness but as a person with opinions I can only ask the world's consciousness, 'Were you high?''

Bebe: 'Pft, as if the world's consciousness can afford the drugs.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Don't know where to comment on that.

World's Consciousness: '...' I do QAQ

Anyway, by the time Tang Muxin finally transmigrated Jia Hyson had learnt a few other things that weren't about the state of his excretory system. 

Mainly he just confirmed that Da Gong is really truely a big village tyrant. 

It was frankly amazing to see.

People literally make way for this big black rooster like he was a god among mortals. Jia Hyson could feel his three world views refresh each time he sees the ludicrous sight. Sure some of the more powerful people in the village like the rich Tang family treat it more like going along with a good joke but the village elder and most other people genuinely seem to revere and fear Da Gong's abilities. 

This was a chicken that could beat up a horse okay? This was a chicken that was capable of extracting vengeance against the village children who accidentally stepped on its' food by ordering pigeons to harass them! This was a chicken that pushed the local thug into a pig pen! 

How was this just a rooster, clearly this is a big bully with wings! 

With how reputable Da Gong is, Jia Hyson's newfound presence by his side was almost immediately noticed. Unlike in the previous village, Da Gong's influence in Little Leaf village was of course much greater, so no one dared to bully the little lizard he had by his side. In fact many village animals and villagers would flatter him with small gifts and flowers in order to try get on the rooster's good side, very much akin to small officials trying to brush up goodwill with the aristocrats.

Jia Hyson finally had a taste of what it's like to hug a golden thigh since he became a host. Strangely enough the taste of golden thigh tasted like fried chicken.

Mnnn... fried chicken... Crispy double fried chicken... with korean sweet chilli glaze...

Bebe: '...' Host your boyfriend is so good to you and yet all you can think of is eating him. 

Jia Hyson also recently was approved to receive the [Subtitles] skill and learnt that animals were even more subservient to Da Gong than he had initially thought.

And let's be honest, he had already initially thought they were seriously whipped so it was pretty bad.

Especially the horses. Jia Hyson had heard multiple times already that Da Gong had beat them up but damn, reading the horses dialogue it was like they regarded the rooster as the great demon king who they must give sacrificial offerings to each full moon or something. Most animals have very casual and simple dialogue, the horses were no exception but when faced with Da Gong's steely silver eyes all sorts of flowery words and praises would burst out of their neighing mouths. 

Thanks to [Subtitles] Jia Hyson could now understand what everyone was saying, unfortunately he still needed to grasp how to speak the languages himself. Right now he didn't have his [Pure Golden Dragon Blood Lineage] activated which would assumably provide him with the inheritance of the Golden Dragon species such as, hopefully, the language of dragons. 

This meant he wasn't aware of how to speak his own species' language nor did he have anyone to teach him. As he needed to know a language in order to communicate verbally with the other animals, Jia Hyson was stuck doing things the hard way. 

Luckily, Bebe had requested for that high-level linguistic improvement pill and Da Gong, this small golden thigh was both willing to teach and willing to force other animals to teach him basic words. So these past few days he had indeed learnt one or two important phrases in various languages. Like 'Hungry', 'Help' and the most important of all 'Boss'.

'Boss' of course is referring to Da Gong. 

Jia Hyson: '...' How domineering. 

Anyway, though Bebe wasn't very useful for a lot of things, it could at least sense the large abnormal energy fluctuations that come when a soul from another world transmigrates to this one. So when she arrives, Jia Hyson scuttles toward the Tang residence with a bemused Da Gong following behind.

Jia Hyson had seen the original non-super spy assassin Tang Muxin around the village before. As expected, the original Tang Muxin's body was quite pretty if a bit plain. However her looks were further diminished under the thick makeup painting her face. Even with all that make up pasted there though, she still couldn't completely hide her arrogance and constant frown that only further made her seem less appealing. 

Like in the original story, not many people were fond of the Tang family's stupid and ill-tempered daughter, especially nowadays where it's well known that the Tang patriarch has almost completely lost hope and patience for this daughter of his. It was to the point where he had put her on house arrest due to her latest failed malicious scheme against the main wife and the legitimate daughters of the main wife. And given how unfavored her original body was, there would be barely any servants attending to her.

This of course was just an excuse the story had provided to allow Tang Muxin, the true protagonist, to have some adjustment time after transmigrating. 

It was also an opportunity for Jia Hyson to establish a connection with her like his character was initially developed to have done before the idea got scrapped.

'Host, how are we going to approach the main character?' Bebe questions curiously as they hide behind a tree in Tang Muxin's abandoned courtyard. It knew it's host had been thinking briefly on the matter these past few days but Jia Hyson had never explicitly talked to it about his plans until now. 

Bebe wasn't too worried though. Jia Hyson was a cheap human being but as a Beta host he was admittedly very good at his job. His current identity is a rejected character from the original storyline that was meant to act as a mascot. This meant that the dragon will have a lot of screentime once he becomes the main character's sidekick. 

In short, Jia Hyson needed to establish the character design of the dragon. This decision will definitely affect the outcome on how the story is perceived by readers. 

Would the dragon be the type to act stupid, gluttonous and sell meng? Would he be the proud, haughty, tsundere type that acts more like a cat than a dragon? Would he be meek and timid and shy?

Different readers have different preferences but overall they all have the same general opinion about mascots...

They can't be too boring or annoying. 

Some mascots like the timid type will constantly use the same routine all the time- be scared, cling to the people they're familiar with, slowly be coaxed by the 'good guys' and will have small bursts of courage to go against the 'bad guys' when the plot calls for it. This sort of rinse and repeat with no development in character is both bland and annoying, giving a feeling of redundancy to the character until they become slowly part of the background. 

The proud tsundere types are generally the most popular type of personality in a mascot character. But that in itself can be considered quite boring. 

In fact, the truth is, most mascot characters aren't really meant for long term exposure. There's a limit to their personality and the readers' patience to experience it again and again. Those that can talk have better favourability but once again, it's difficult to strike a good balance when producing a beloved mascot character.

Jia Hyson is well aware of this. In fact, his track record in mascot characters was only so-so. Some where deemed to snarky and obnoxious. Some where deemed cynical and belittling. And the fluffy, cute ones can be criticized as cliche and dull. In some ways it's better not to have a mascot character at all unless they could provide a proper functional use to assist the main characters or a likable personality that won't become grating over time.

Currently Jia Hyson has literally no functional use but the fact he's a dragon does make him more unique compared to the typical fox and kitten mascot characters in these types of novels. 

'Bebe, do you know what's better than two transmigrators?' Jia Hyson suddenly asks.

Bebe was confused with this non-sequitur, 'No...'

Jia Hyson smiles, his tiny sharp milk teeth glinting under the light, 'Three transmigrators.'

There's nothing like having a story with multiple transported individuals to spice it up ah.




Tang Muxin woke up disoriented and confused. 

"I'm... alive?" No that couldn't be, she definitely felt the muzzle of the gun against the back of her head. The owner of the gun was a rival of hers and while she had looked down on them a lot causing her end predicament, she knew that they wouldn't have had so little skill as to miss at that point. 

Probably. 

She pinches herself to confirm that she was really alive but pauses as she notices her hands. As an assassin, spy and doctor her hands were not the most beautiful of things. Her hands were covered with callouses and rough skin from training not to mention occasionally stained with bitter smelling medication. Even the most rigorous of beauty treatments and expensive of hand creams could only diminish the effects somewhat. 

So seeing the delicate as jade, soft like marshmallow and elegant as willows hands on her own body she instantly frowned. 

Immediately she grabs her breasts.

Un, she can now confirm this definitely isn't her body. 

Looking at her surroundings with critical eyes she had a suspicion that this wasn't her world either. Tang Muxin has read quite a few mindless transmigration stories recently in her spare time in order to alleviate her own blood-soaked life so she's not completely unfamiliar with the concept. 

However even if she wasn't unfamiliar it was still a little difficult to accept.

Thankfully her mental state was strong and flexible and she quickly compartmentalized her doubts and confusion in favor of determining her identity. Getting out of bed and looking around the room she woke up in she found some clues. 

From the style of the house decor and her clothing, this body is either very enthusiastic about ancient chinese culture or she herself was born in the imperial era of China. 

Not only is her fingers delicate, her whole body was thin and soft. It seems she is a pampered young miss. However as she couldn't hear the bustling of servants and maids Tang Muxin could assume this body is currently either neglected for reasons or unfavored by a possibly husband. 

Looking in a mirror she sees her face is not bad, cute but ultimately a little plain, very different to her original cold and striking face. Her body is also very different, small and weak but filled with curves in all the right places. 

She cups her chest again admiringly. Not too big but not barely perceptible like in her original body. At least Bs cup, maybe C cup even. It's the next best news she had gotten other than not being dead ah. 

Rummaging through the drawers Tang Muxin finds a hidden compartment filled with old and new letters. It seems this original body of hers made it a habit to write to her deceased mother.

Reading from these letters seemed to provoke and awaken the memories of the original owner in her head. The more Tang Muxin read the more she recalled. Luckily her reading speed was fast and even though the handwriting wasn't very good, it only took her around two hours to get through most of the original's life story. 

From it she realizes her identity in the world. Or well, the identity in the story of The Amazing Transmigrated Journey of the Mesmerisingly Divine Good For Nothing Village Girl.

Tang Muxin upon this epiphany felt her mouth spasm and couldn't help but want to vomit blood. 

However, to transmigrate into a vicious supporting female lead or cannonfodder was also a popular trope in transmigration stories so after feeling a little dismayed she quickly fixes her attitude into something a bit more optimistic. 

Not only does Tang Muxin have the memories of the previous Tang Muxin, she also has a photographic memory that allows her to recall the entire plot of the story. Well, all the chapters until it went onto hiatus anyway. 

Plus, while this body is currently as weak as a chicken, it's still young, not too late to cultivate to be stronger. More importantly she had a good looking body and the plain but sweet face was not bad to look at either. In her opinion, since she really came to a world with an ancient feudal setting, it was probably better not to have an outstanding face lest she attract too many problems. 

Tang Muxin had no intentions of being a maid like in the original story but she would rather be a maid then some concubine. Even if she knew that it's normal in this era, as a modern woman she didn't think her pride would allow her to share a man with others nor would she want a man who is willing to be shared. 

Unfortunately in this time that sort of man was rarer than finding a dragon in the wild. 

She sighs emotionally and continues to read the letters, hoping to find something in her newfound memories that would help her live happily. 

... 

Jia Hyson waits most of the day before nearly giving up. He knew from the story that Tang Muxin would stay in her isolated house for the whole day to come to terms with everything but he had thought that maybe she would come out to explore the courtyard. Aiyah, protagonist, the fresh air is so nice, much better than modern city air, come and take a whiff! 

Tired and annoyed, Jia Hyson lays out on the grass under the tree, basking in a batch of sunlight. He was too impatient ah! But that isn't his fault, he was running out of food reserves! How could he not be anxious?

Bebe:   '...Is the female lead a joke to you?'

Jia Hyson: 'No ah, don't be silly. Can you eat jokes?   Peh, obviously she is my future chef!'

Bebe: 'You have to convince your future chef not to eat you first though.'

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: 'Bebe thinks Host is already so flavorful. Only some salt, pepper and a bit of lemon for freshness will be needed.' 

Jia Hyson: '...' Bebe you've learnt too much from Laozi. 

Luckily Jia Hyson had this big loyal rooster by his side or he might've been eaten up by a passing by bird while he was relaxing. Due to the effects of the nourishing spiritual energy his appearance was slowly changing. Unfortunately for him, before the cuteness attribute he had wanted in the first place can kick in, it was his coloring that was changing- from a dull brown to a beautiful eye catching gold. 

It's only been roughly less than a month and he's halfway between the two colors, a bright copper color with flecks of gold under the right angle.

In short, he was eye catching but his coloring didn't indicate he was a poisonous creature. 

Even shorter, he was a walking target for predators. 

According to the law of survival of the fittest, Jia Hyson really wasn't fit to survive ah.  

However Da Gong was there and there was no birds this side of the rural county that would dare swoop in and provoke this fierce feathered tyrant so Jia Hyson happily relaxed under the sunlight. Da Gong sat by his side under the shade of the branches, his silver eyes occasionally drawn to the little worm that seems to sparkle faintly under the light. 

While he wasn't sure why the worm wanted to come here, Da Gong couldn't help but feel that everything the worm did was very good. Look, even though the walk was long and this courtyard was abandoned and messy, doesn't that just mean his worm wants to spend more time alone with him? (,,  ,,)

If that's the case, even though Da Gong felt it was a bit troublesome and unnecessary, he was willing to bully the humans to give him a courtyard! That way he and the worm can have a courtyard all to themselves...

Da Gong lifted a wing to cover his face shyly at the thought. 

Bebe who was watching: '...' Bebe doesn't understand. 

It seems all it's host's men were idiots ah. Bebe felt it was a pity, it had surprisingly high expectations for the rooster's IQ. 

Unfortunately no matter how high Bebe's expectations were, a rooster was a rooster. Even a cunning one with a shard of a Royal system inside it would still be rather simple in thoughts and still be prone to blindly follow instincts. 

If Da Gong likes something he will like it a lot with no question. If he hates then he will detest it fiercely. This sort of basic intuition is what allows most animals to survive in the wild. 

That still doesn't really explain how the rooster has such messy thoughts though..

After rolling around, sharing a spiritual energy syringe for lunchtime and generally lazing about in the courtyard of the newly transmigrated protagonist evening was finally falling. However Jia Hyson was unwilling to stop camping in front of his future golden thigh. 

Wasn't she a super spy assassin doctor person? All three of those jobs usually meant they have to stay up late at night, maybe they would even be more active in the nighttime. Who knew if Tang Muxin was going to scout and explore around the area while the household was sleeping and had a lowered guard? 

Jia Hyson had the right idea, Tang Muxin had indeed done this. But unfortunately for him as a baby lizard he had a bedtime. And Da Gong was there to enforce it. 

Like a mother hen, once night fell and the temperature began to drop Da Gong stood up and sat on Jia Hyson. 

Even though he was the bigger than most hens and held an unprecedented strength for a chicken, Da Gong's bones were still hollow and thus his weight was not that heavy. And despite appearances, Jia Hyson was also not some fragile egg but a dragon, one who had been slowly nourished these past fortnight. Don't mention a Da Gong, a brick probably wouldn't hurt him. 

Probably...

The point was, even though Jia Hyson was pinned down he wasn't crushed under the rooster's weight. In fact it was like a heavy feathered duvet was covering him. Warm and soft and comfortable. 

Jia Hyson valiantly fought back his sleepiness, twisting and turning underneath Da Gong's large body, resisting the pleasant feelings that came from being forced to the ground in such a manner. However he was a creature weak to pleasure and soon he succumbed underneath the tyrant. 

Bebe: '...' It's just a description of trying to stay up past his bedtime while being cuddled by a chicken, why does it sound so dirty?  

Da Gong clucks softly and let's himself be nuzzled by his little sleepy worm, it's tiny claws lazily touching and feeling his soft down feathers and making it difficult not to squirm. As he hunches down and readies to also follow suit and sleep, he hears a sound from the house connected to the courtyard, immediately alerting him.

Hackles raised, Da Gong silently waits to see the intruder. He doesn't want to get up and fight since doing so means leaving his little worm out in the cold, however if he intruder is not polite neither will he. 

Despite being a rooster he was no weak chicken. <(  )> 

Tang Muxin curses silently at the noisy old door. No matter how stealthy and silent she can be, she is helpless against this pig teammate of a house. The place looks good but in reality it's poorly maintained and clearly a place for punishing and isolating troublemakers such as the original body. 

Threading lightly, her feet softly lands onto the ground with barely a thump. She frowns a little harder. Her body was too weak and she still hadn't adjusted to her new limbs. Tang Muxin knows rich households in ancient times can have many buildings and such so it's probably impossible to scout the whole area tonight. 

"Cluck," 

Her head snaps up and her eyes glint under the moonlight coldly as she surveys the courtyard. Even though this original body was weak, her night vision was surprisingly quite good, possibly because they didn't have so many activities that would harm the eyes like modern gaming and texting. 

Still, she couldn't help but doubt her eyesight when she saw a large fat black chicken sitting underneath the big withered tree in the courtyard.

Tang Muxin: '...' Did the original body keep a pet chicken? 

No, that can't be, it seems the original body, like herself, has never owned a pet much less a rooster. But that doesn't explain the bird squatting in her courtyard. 

Also... why was the chicken glaring at her so fiercely?!

She scratches behind her ear, suddenly feeling awkward and at a loss. It's clearly just a big rooster who suddenly decided to squat in the garden but why does it suddenly feel like she's the trespasser here? Could it be that chickens in ancient times were so domineering they can even make her feel suppressed under their stares? 

How frightening! 

Tang Muxin felt a little helpless. Transported to another world, in another time period which she was unfamiliar with was already quite confronting but a part of her felt assured that if nothing else, she had strength and experience in the art of combat. She was extremely confident in her fighting prowess, it was only second to her confidence in her medical knowledge which is universally helpful anywhere. 

But barely one step out of the door and she had been intimidated by a chicken! 

Worse still, it seems the rooster is aware of this. It's silver eyes piercing under the moonlight, full of unbridled cold arrogance and even colder contempt as it lifts it's head up proudly and clucks again before looking away as if she was no longer worth his time. 

Tang Muxin, the first protagonist disdained by a chicken: '...'

How shameful! 

...

Jia Hyson slowly woke up, nuzzling against the warm and soft feathers covering his body, his tail wriggling in delight at the feeling. He had always liked to hug soft things and his bed never had less than four pillows on it regardless of size so sleeping with Da Gong was very satisfying. 

He cuddles his big rooster friend and sighs deeply. Unfortunately, this bird was too comfortable to sleep with. Not only were his down feathers on his chest and stomach insanely soft but Da Gong was also a very clean chicken who liked baths and sitting in flower fields and other nice smelling places so he never stank like other chickens. 

Really, a rooster among roosters. 

'Bebe, what happened last night?' He asks mentally. 

'As you predicted Tang Muxin went out at night to explore.' Bebe quickly answers. For the sake of the main character's dignity it does not mention the scene where she was momentarily intimidated under Da Gong's glare. 'She left for only an hour, presumably due to her new body lacking in stamina and appropriate physical training. From Bebe's calculations, her muscles should be experiencing exhaustion and soreness, depending on the intensity of her actions she may not get up till noon.' 

Jia Hyson felt a bit speechless. This female lead seems to be unexpectedly a bit of an airhead type? She already knew her new body was no good but she still pushed it to such an extreme extent?

Then again, in the book her OP levels were to high in her original life, it might be hard for Tang Muxin to adjust to accommodate the limits of a normal person much less a weak and pampered girl. Tang Muxin is also meant to be the cold aloof assassin-spy beauty type, standing high above the world where others could only stand to watch with fear and envy and admiration. And of course with such a complicated job description she must also have a complicated backstory that involves the cliche 'orphan raised by an evil assassin as a child to become the ultimate killer'. 

So like, maybe that's why she didn't understand the concept of muscle strain and pain.

...Or maybe she's really just a bit of an airhead.  

Jia Hyson mouth twitches. It does explain a little why such a cold super killer spy doctor person was so goddamn slow in the plot. Of course that leads to another question about how someone so inefficient could have been a super spy assassin doctor in the first place.

'So what do you want to do then host?' Bebe questions. Originally Jia Hyson planned to have a coincidental meeting with Tang Muxin by acting weak and injured in front of her in the courtyard like literally every other animal character main characters pick up. Unfortunately he was a bit too eager and life never goes the way he wants to.

Jia Hyson hesitates before deciding to go back to Ye Cheng's place. Waiting here for too long would be a bit weird not to mention a bit dull. The courtyard as expected for a place allocated to isolate the troublemaking family members as punishment, was not well maintained and even the garden they were in was ugly and full of weeds and untamed plants. It's bushy enough to play around for a bit and there's suitable protection from the weather but to stay here for two days straight is a bit much.

Poking his head out of the fluffy feathers, he carefully chirps his intention to go home to Da Gong who nods in understanding, standing up before gently picking Jia Hyson up with his beak and throwing him upwards in a practiced motion. Jia Hyson squeals softly as he falls, landing on the large rooster's back, his heart thumping furiously for reasons that may not necessarily be due to the adrenaline rush. 

Fuck, who told a rooster to be so handsome ah? Too unfair! ( > v < )

Not only was Da Gong a handsome rooster, he was a possessively handsome and independent rooster. Da Gong had lived with Ye Cheng since he was a chick and was used to a house filled with noisy animals. Before he had only found it a bit irritating but now that he had experienced sleeping together with his worm in a quiet, isolated place with just the two of them alone, it was like his three world views were refreshed. 

Suddenly the house filled with animals seemed a little unbearable. Da Gong had a worm now, isn't it better if they had some alone time without those lightbulbs constantly there? 

Of course Da Gong was also a very loyal rooster and decided that just because he had a worm now he will not ignore his human either given how well his human has served him all these years. Even though he may be around less during the night he will not forgo his duties of protecting and taking care of his human in the day and will hand over night protection to the other animals of the house. Xiao Shua and Da Shen needed to pull their weight around the household more anyway.

As for where they should sleep at night... isn't this abandoned courtyard perfect? 

Far away from the loud villagers but not too far that it would take a long time to visit Ye Cheng. Plus the overgrown vegetation was perfect to scavenge and play around as well as provide good protection from wind and rain. And that human girl? She knows her place well ah.

And so, when evening came around again Jia Hyson was dumbfounded when Da Gong carried him back to the protagonist's courtyard.

Jia Hyson: ???

Tang Muxin who happened to see the rooster come back to squat in her courtyard again: '...'

Well. In a way this could also be considered a fateful coincidence?

"Hello there," Tang Muxin awkwardly waves at the black rooster awkwardly. She was still under house arrest and didn't have much else to do but be hungry and stretch out her aching tired muscles. Still, she wasn't at the point where the original's father had completely given up on her so she still got decent, albeit a little unpalatable, meals three times a day so she wasn't considering eating the rooster yet.

Not to mention, there was a strange gut feeling inside her that told her to be wary of the bird. Even though it felt incredibly ridiculous she wasn't one to avoid listening to her instincts. 

Da Gong however had little to no interest in the protagonist, not even giving her a cluck as he trotted over to the big withered tree and sat down with a cold face.

Tang Muxin, the first protagonist ignored by a rooster: '...'

If she didn't have anything better to do right now she would have really left ah.

Da Gong does not pay attention to the human girl watching him, choosing to put his focus on his worm. Stretching out a wing to the ground he tilts his body and lets the little worm roll off his body with a happy 'mrrrrp' sound that delighted his earholes. As expected of the worm, after immediately shaking off it's initial dizziness it scuttled over to be sticky with him making Da Gong puff up his feathers pridefully.

Little did Da Gong know, his worm was currently thinking of ways to approach the human girl he disdained and hold her golden thighs.

'It's no good, Da Gong is too eye-catching.' Jia Hyson complains to Bebe, 'It would have been better if I met her alone, my presence is practically halved right now.'

'Try giving her a lot of eye-contact? She's noticed you at least, maybe your limited charm attribute is enough to get her to approach you two.' Bebe suggests.

Jia Hyson thinks about it and agrees. It's better than doing nothing at least.

Tang Muxin was briefly surprised at the small lizard creature that rolled off the rooster's back. It was about the length of her small hand, from the tip of her middle finger to her wrist, and was a bronze, almost dirty golden colouring. With her sharp eyes she could also note the strangeness of it's appearance with traits that didn't belong to a normal lizard such as the tiny ears and bird like claws.

She was a little stunned. Didn't this reptile look a bit like a small dragon? 

The idea was a little fantastical though. It could also be just that this is a lizard species native to this strange story world. Once again she curses her original body's spicy chicken memory and her ignorant ways of being unwilling to learn anything but petty tricks, gossiping and scheming. In terms of general knowledge about the history, politics, culture and other vital information, the original body really left her with nothing. 

Still she was naturally intrigued. However that rooster seemed awfully overprotective of the reptile and she had neither the strength to fight the bird nor did she have any appropriate medical herbs to treat her wounds if the rooster scratches her. 

After some thought she goes to the kitchen and comes back with some of her leftover rice and vegetables she was planning to keep as a snack. 

Da Gong was moved by the offering, finding the human girl a bit more appealing. As a gracious and noble rooster it would be wrong of him to refuse it no matter how meagre it is. He looks down at his little worm and clucks questioningly. His worm can be quite timid, it's best to ask it for its opinion first.

Jia Hyson reads the subtitles and also felt a bit moved. Not only was Da Gong clearly a tyrannical CEO president in his past life but he was a gentleman too ah... The malice of this world is really too strong to make him feel so attracted to a rooster. 

'Mrp'ing Jia Hyson agrees, eager to get closer to the protagonist and crawls toward her while Da Gong follows behind. 

Tang Muxin felt inexplicably a bit nervous. She didn't have much contact with animals other than fighting off vicious guard dogs that many older villainous men seem to enjoy breeding in their mansions so this sort of thing was really a first for her. Feeling a bit anxious she drops the plate of rice and vegetables and steps back a bit to give the animals space and avoid scaring them off.

Luckily for her these weren't your typical animals or she would be need more than just some stale rice and boiled vegetables to coax them over. Da Gong was arrogant and the village tyrant who feared no horse, and Jia Hyson had ulterior motives so it wasn't hard for them to approach her despite the rather close distance.

Tang Muxin seemed to realise this and tentatively walked over and sat in front of them, watching the two peck and nibble at the food, a little fascinated. After a while she grew even bolder and wanted to push her luck a bit.

Seeing Tang Muxin's hand hesitantly reach toward him, Jia Hyson's golden eyes flash and immediately used most of his spiritual energy to activate the skill [Cutie Beam]. What he needs right now is for her to touch him, this sort of thing cannot be relied completely on fate!

Under the effects of the skill, Tang Muxin suddenly founds the interesting creature weirdly adorable the more she looks at the reptile. Its eyes were round and slightly slanted like a lazy kitten and the way it wags its small tail with the brush like hairs on the end was like a cute puppy. Helplessly she couldn't control her ever growing urge to pet the small thing while it nibbles at her food.

The moment she touches the little lizard's head an electronic voice enters her mind. [Bzzt.. Conditions for appropriate soul bond met... Do you accept to bind with Golden Dragon of Fortune as the Saintess?]

Tang Muxin was shocked for a moment before she felt herself getting a little excited. Even though she didn't recall reading about this sort of plot development in the story, the author did drop the novel so who knows if there was meant to be fantasy developments in the future chapters? Besides, as a transmigrator who transmigrated into a story with a transmigrated protagonist, wasn't that also quite fantastical in itself? What's one dragon?

Besides, 'Golden Dragon of Fortune'? No matter how you look at it, though she was still a bit suspicious about this sudden 'soul bind' thing one would be a fool to turn down the offer! And it wasn't like she couldn't afford to take the risk anyway ah.

'I accept,' She responds calmly in her mind, trying to ignore the giddy, childlike anticipation welling up in her body.

[Saintess Tang Muxin accepts the soul bind with Golden Dragon of Fortune Jin Bao... Soul Bind established... Heart Connection established...]

Yes. This is what Jia Hyson was aiming for all along.

[Saintess Soul Bind] was a skill he had that required that can only be used once a suitable 'saintess' meets the conditions dictated by the Heavenly Path. As long as Jia Hyson finds someone who is deemed acceptable by the skill then he can use it on them and activate a soul binding contract with them. This will allow him to be able to telapthically communicate with his 'saintess'.

And obviously who could be more acceptable to be this saintess than the protagonist? 

In fact, the original dragon must also have had this skill but given that the poor baby wouldn't have known it existed much less how to activate it the dragon who was pitted by the Author God could only die tragically.

Now in the originally planned story the little dragon's first words were the typical, (She's so nice! I like her! The food she makes is so yummy!) as befitting of a simple hungry little animal, most likely in cute voice filled with innocence and youth. What Tang Muxin got this time though was-

(Ahhh it's so good! I'm saved! And by such a pretty girl too! Damn if I was still human I would definitely ask her out for coffee, fuck, thinking about it now it's been ages since I hooked up with such a pretty miss, oh god will I never have sex again? Am I destined to only mate with other lizards now? I'm kinky but not that messed up! How do lizards even have sex? It's the same as humans right? Fuck am I even a boy lizard?! Ahhh this food is really too good!) 

To top it off clearly this voice belonged to an already mature sounding young man. Ignoring the excitement and hysteria one could even say it was a rather sexy elegant voice that would fit any handsome rich second generation playboy.

Tang Muxin: '...Can she ask to exchange?'

Two big slightly slanting cat eyes suddenly glance up and stare at her accusingly, (You! You actually want to exchange me?! Where is your heart?) Then the eyes widen in shock. Because they really were very big and shiny, it made the creature look especially dumb and cute. (Ah? Wait a moment? Can you understand me?!)

Tang Muxin looked at the stupid but adorable odd-looking lizard, no, not lizard ah, dragon, the stupid looking dragon, and her lips quirk up.

"No." She spat out before standing up and leaving.

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: '...' 

Did, did he go too far?




Jia Hyson was dumbfounded by such a straightforward rejection. 

Not only rejected but the person even left the scene of the crime just like that! 

Jia Hyson stares down at the rice on the plate, reflecting on where he went wrong. Could it be he was too intense? Too chatty? Too slag? 

...It may be the too slag bit in retrospect.

But all the young kids nowadays like the stupid meng selling animals and chatty dumb systems right? The readers nowadays really like sarcastic mascots that go against their cute appearances too. This sort of gap between a cute appearance and a mature slightly vulgar personality should produce a comedic effect. 

If Jia Hyson reads such unexpected dialogue by the mascot character he would also feel intrigued and amused by the story ah. 

'Bebe told you,' Bebe says sardonically, 'Bebe said the best character is clearly Bebe but no, you wanted to act like a happy chattier version of yourself.'

'Oh shut up,' Jia Hyson says irritatedly, no longer trying to sound so upbeat. 'If I copied your personality wouldn't you be proud to death?'

'Yes! Because Bebe is the cutest!' Bebe complains. It felt deeply wronged. When Jia Hyson was think of what sort of character he should establish when introducing himself into the story Bebe had recommended using its' own personality as a reference. Who would have know its host was so heartless that he would immediately reject it?!

Just thinking about it made it angry! 

Wasn't Bebe very cute? It talked in third person, it was sassy and could act coquettish and sell meng when needed ah. In short, a perfect reference for a beloved mascot character. 

Jia Hyson: '...' It seems Bebe is unaware that it has blackened into something so toxic that even this slag host has trouble fighting against it's poisonous tongue ah. 

No, no, maybe if the protagonist was a shameless, carefree character like himself it would be okay to consider but Bebe's straight man personality type that likes to shoot poison arrows from the mouth- it is too incompatible with the aloof, serious and slightly airheaded female lead with a dark backstory. Objectively for these characters it's better to be paired with a cheerful humorous type, to lighten the mood if nothing else. 

His claw touches his nose absentmindedly as he thinks about what to do next. 

Jia Hyson had already established his character and left very little wriggle room to change it which is his mistake. He had been confident in what the readers may enjoy but in retrospect it may not necessarily be what Tang Muxin likes. It seems he has no choice but to use the tried and true method of all annoying mascots.

That is- to stick to the protagonist until they have no choice but to get used to him ah.

Jia Hyson: 'Hey, what do you know, in a way I am mimicking your character Bebe.' 

Bebe: ( _ )

Luckily for them, the [Soul Saintess Bind]'s telepathic communication is limited and both parties have to purposely direct their thoughts toward the other. Meaning Jia Hyson can act out his character and not worry too much about letting anything important slip like being a system host. It could also only be used at a certain distance but this could be improved when the pair developed better feelings of trust and friendship toward another. 

In order to act excited and anxious about meeting someone who understood him, Jia Hyson threw various thoughts at Tang Muxin who was only a few meters away asking her to come back and acting pitiful by letting her hear himself questioning if he had been delusional for a second and how he had been so confused and alone and scared when he first appeared etc etc. 

Even though Tang Muxin is meant to be a super assassin among other super things, she's still a female lead and can't not have a bit of a soft heart. Jia Hyson intends to use this, casually throwing out bits of backstory that would provoke sympathy like how he'd died and woke up as a starving lizard and how hard it is to adapt in this strange world and how he had been treated awfully wuwuwu... 

Bebe listens to its host fake cry in his mind for the female lead as his outward appearance is still happily nibbling on some bok choy, a mischievous and scheming look in his eyes. 

...Is this what one could call a reverse white lotus bitch? 

Da Gong, unaware of what happened just saw that his worm likes eating the stem of the bok choy and generously went through the vegetables and picked out the bok choy for him before going back to eating. Even though it was plain vegetables and rice, there was a faint and oddly enriching taste that reminded him of the strange liquid food his worm provided. This familiar taste made him unwilling to stop eating. 

Bebe and Jia Hyson also realized the same thing or they wouldn't have eaten anything after Tang Muxin left. It seems the halo is strong on this one, just reheating and handling food is still enough to provide a bit of spiritual energy.

Unlike Da Gong though, Jia Hyson had Bebe that can detect the energy and where it's strongest, allowing him to consume more efficiently, hence the sudden bok choy fixation. It's barely anything but mosquito meat is still meat so it shouldn't be wasted ah.

Finally after a minute or two, Tang Muxin came back with an odd expression on her face. It was clear she received his mental messages and wasn't sure as how to proceed. Which, is fair enough.

Squatting down in front of Jia Hyson she stares at him. In compliance, Jia Hyson stops nibbling and stares back at her with wide curious eyes. 

Finally he hears a tentative 'Hello?' echo in his mind. The voice is soft and timid, very cute, very unlike what Jia Hyson had imagined given the cold rejection from before. 

Jia Hyson blinks and examines the female lead's face closely but sees nothing but an iceberg. 

'H-hello?' 

In contrast to her frosty facial features the inner voice is like warm spring winds, it tickles the skin as it brushes past. Jia Hyson felt that maybe the woman wasn't so hard to deal with now. 

'Hello!' Jia Hyson enthusiastically chirps as he crawls toward Tang Muxin, his eyes glitter happily making him look naive and adorable. 'Why did you leave ah? Don't go,' His last words are stressed to sound aggrieved and anxious, pulling at her heartstrings. It was much more meng then before but to keep with his chatty optimistic if slightly slaggy persona he set up he quickly tacks on a few more words with an upbeat tone. 'What's your name? I'm Jia Hyson,' 

Tang Muxin's mouth twitches. It was still hard to believe even if she was seeing and hearing everything. That handsome male voice belonging to a silly baby dragon... 

Suddenly she notices something strange in the words. His name is Jia Hyson but the system called him Jin Bao. Even though she had barely met both for a very short time she was more inclined to believe the mysterious system in her head would be more objective and truthful than the dragon. 

Once she catches the contradiction she recalls the previous things this chatty dragon said and her heart beat a little faster. The dragon has no reason to lie to her given they're soul bonded now, which presumably should be something like a 'if you die, I die' situation, and even if he did lie there would be no reason for it either not to mention it doesn't explain the previous things he said either. 

That he used to be human. 

Asking a girl out to coffee. 

Could he also have transmigrated like her? 

She contemplated scoping him out subtly but immediately decides to just go with the straightforward approach. She's in a new world now with a new life, she doesn't need to live through secrets and double meanings and half lies anymore. 

'My name is Tang Muxin,' She introduces, her outward expression noticeably more relaxed if still a bit cold-faced, 'I am not, cough, this is to say, I'm not really this Tang Muxin but a Tang Muxin from another world.' 

Jia Hyson: ...Even though it's clear she planned to throw a straight ball it seems she's too out of practice and the ball trajectory is more wobbly than straight.

This sort of slightly awkward gap moe was much better than his own. He felt a bit jealous ah. But at the same time, at least their 'gaps' were different or the story would feel repetitive in terms of characters. 

Still, he must learn from her in case he had to act out a similar character. Sure he's acted as different people in his original world as a game to hook in lovers and in the first world he also had a small and rather popular acting career but he didn't exactly pass White Lotus Acting Class with flying colors so it shows that his current experience and skills were still very lacking. Right now he could only try find reasons to make his current identity conform a little to his own personality in order to avoid going out of character too much. 

Luckily this body was a blank slate so Jia Hyson could do whatever with it in terms of character design but it's better to learn where he can. 

With an act of shock and surprise Jia Hyson stares up at Tang Muxin with wide eyes and a dumbfounded expression, 'Eh? Eh? You, you're also-?'

She nods, feeling a little more settled than before. It always feels better to have two people in the same boat then be all alone after all. In fact, seeing the little dragon's stupid dumb expression made her feel inexplicably more confident, 'I was told through the soul bond your name is Jin Bao, since you have out another name I can only assume you are like me.' 

Jia Hyson was excited, with this shared secret this thigh is now completely his to hold! 

Reverently and enthusiastically this old soul mentally shouted out, 'Sister Muxin!' as he rushed up to touch the woman with his tiny claws like an adoring subordinate.

Tang Muxin: '???' Who's your sister! 

Bebe: '...' So old and yet still has the face to act like a younger brother to this twenty something year old lady. DisdainfulCat.gif

Da Gong: '!!!' Doesn't understand, but very angry anyway. 

Da Gong of course couldn't see or here the telepathic conversation between the pair and had been busy pecking at the rice. Sure he had noticed at the edge of his vision that his worm was looking interestedly at the human woman but his worm always liked to look at things and daze off. 

It wasn't a new thing and Da Gong felt that it was even a good thing. It's better to look at ugly things in order to better appreciate the good looking things like himself.

But this, this wasn't acceptable! 

"Cluck!" Da Gong immediately fluffed up, making himself look bigger and took an aggressive stance. He was too careless and naive. His worm was very timid and even against Ye Cheng who attracted all sorts of animals, his worm did not warm up so fast toward him. This could only mean that the woman has bribed and tricked his worm to run toward her! 

How foul! 

This sort of murderous intent, if Tang Muxin couldn't sense it then she wouldn't deserve her character description as a super spy-assassin-doctor. She looks at the furious rooster, then at the small dragon selling meng to her with a complicated emotion. 

Originally she didn't think much of the relationship between dragon and chicken but now with the knowledge that there was a fellow modern human in the dragon's body... why did this suddenly feel like a bloody scene of a green tea bitch who immediately cast away her boyfriend to run over and fawn at her sugar daddy they had coincidentally met along the street? 

Jia Hyson who was even more familiar with this sort of scene due to various reasons that may or may not be related to his original life, was very clever and immediately scuttled over to Da Gong in appeasement, the flattering appearance very clear to the eye. Fortunately Da Gong was still fairly simple and easily appeased, however the stink eye he gave Tang Muxin still revealed that the negative impression he now had toward her had not faded.

Tang Muxin: '...' 

Disdained, then ignored, then hated by a rooster all in the span of less than two days. She wonders if she had eaten too much chicken in her original life to incur such karmic retribution. 

After coaxing his rooster back to his unruffled state Jia Hyson looks back at Tang Muxin to try get their conversation back on track. Who knew that once Da Gong opened the vinegar pot he would become so fervently addicted to the taste? 

Before their eyes could properly make eye contact, a black wing immediately breaks it up, covering Jia Hyson's face. 

Da Gong: 'Tch, tch,' Don't look worm, or this Laozi will be displeased. 

Bebe: '...' Wow   

Tang Muxin: '...' Wow

Jia Hyson: '...' Wow (  )

Maybe because of the soul bond, or maybe because Jia Hyson's flirtatious emotions were stronger than most peoples, Tang Muxin seemed to have inadvertently heard his coquettish feelings in regards to the rooster. Looking closer, she sees that her fellow transmigrator unhesitatingly cuddle and appease the jealous chicken with clear fondness and doting in his eyes with fluid and practiced motions. 

Tang Muxin recalls that the pair slept together and played together in her courtyard the night before as well. Her expression turns even stranger. Thinking about it logically, as a human in such a situation, wouldn't you have some pride to try, well... she isn't fully sure what she would have done but for starters not sleep with a rooster would be a good start. 

She watches as Jia Hyson wraps his long body loosely around the rooster's neck like a rusty gold chain necklace and lightly boops his snout on the rooster's cheek cutely, almost like a small peck on the cheek. No matter how she looks at it, there was the overly sweet smell of an affectionate couple coming off of them and the unmistakable taste of dog food in her mouth. 

Tang Muxin: '...' This transmigrator has some heavy tastes ah.

Seriously. Is it too late to exchange?




Because of Da Gong's anger the two transmigrators didn't try to outwardly communicate anymore. Luckily the bond would let them communicate telepathically as long as they were only a few meters away. So as Da Gong huffily walks away to the furthest corner of the courtyard with Jia Hyson gently carried in his beak, the pair were mentally exchanging information.

Jia Hyson was smart, he knew that in this story the transmigrators Tang Muxin and Pan Shuchun both held the original body's memories and had a small golden finger. Pan Shuchun's golden finger was not her agricultural knowledge or her uncanny ability to find super convenient plot devices but is actually a powerful green thumb that helped out in various ways. Tang Muxin's golden finger originally was the dragon but when that got eaten her luck and fortunes became an extraordinary golden finger on their own. 

Now though, he will have to be Tang Muxin's golden finger. And as a fellow transmigrator in this story he should also follow the trend by having the original's memories and his own golden finger- his various skills. Of course it's best to avoid being too OP so he has to carefully pick only a few skills to focus on and show off in the story. Since most can't be used due to his lack of spiritual energy, he can only introduce his powers slowly over time which in terms of plot pacing is not necessarily a bad thing. 

What is interesting was Tang Muxin's explanation of how she could connect their soul bond. A mechanical system voice in her head? From her description the voice is cold and emotionless, and Bebe can confirm that it wasn't responsible for it, meaning this is just how the skill works. 

Jia Hyson mentally orders Bebe to investigate more about the skill specifics since the basic summary of the [Soul Bond] isn't enough to help him plan how to use it. It would be best if it had the ability to notify Tang Muxin for every important event relating to Jia Hyson slash Jin Bao such as learning a new skill etc. That way there will be more of an explanation to the mysterious mechanical voice in her head, after all, if it only appears once many readers may be dissatisfied with the lack of explanation or plot direction to this sudden introduction to a system that is never used. Even if it can't do that, since it was a low level basic program, Bebe can hire a system from R&D to customize it to their needs for a price. 

Of course, given how stingy and selfish the pair liked to spend their p and points, they didn't want to do such a thing if given another option. 

Jia Hyson: 'Laozi is saving for the next big skill sale ah!'()

Bebe: 'Bebe is trying to secretly pay off their shared credit card debt ah!' 

Jia Hyson: '...What was that?'

Bebe: cough () 'Nothing.' 

Jia Hyson: '...we have credit debt?' ()

Bebe: 'Host, did Bebe mention that you're looking very lovely ah?' ()

Jia Hyson: ()

Later on Jia Hyson would find out that Bebe got into one of those shitty addicting online games that make it hard not to buy things using all sorts of evil marketing schemes and tricks. Jia Hyson who has poor memory and grasp in handling money then realised that Bebe had been skimming off a few points here and there to pay for top quality armor or special potions, and would immediately beat the system half to death before selling the online account for twelve million p. 

...Apparently Bebe was really good at games ah. Jia Hyson had made a huge profit in retrospect.

Of course right now they are in ancient times and Jia Hyson is a dragon bound to a protagonist and has a possible rooster boyfriend so he pushes the problem away temporarily in favor of other thoughts.

Like his body's name. 

He was genuinely unaware that this little dragon's name was Jin Bao or Bebe would have given it to him when they were summarizing his identity. The baby was still barely a year old and had not yet been officially named before the rebellious dragons stole him away. 

From Bebe's [World Encyclopedia] skill, dragons in this world have a naming ceremony similar to Christianity's baptism but far more important. In fact it's considered shameful if a dragon couldn't even bother to give a naming ceremony to their child on the 100th day of their hatching. 

Given that Jia Hyson never had one he had assumed that using his own name would be okay, after all, there had been no reason not to ah. Who knew that this little dragon had been named even without the original body attending the ceremony. It could be clearly seen from this that the original baby's parents really loved him and still held onto the belief that he was still alive. 

However Jia Hyson couldn't help but think that his naming ceremony must have definitely been the most depressing naming ceremony in dragon history. Think about it, dragons have low fertility so each baby is more precious than gold, to the point even the cruelest of enemies will not have the heart to kill off a hatchling. And in their spiritual energy rich space the hatchlings are born without illness or problems. All in all, a case like the poor baby dragon Jin Bao's was really a first of it's kind in this world. 

Jia Hyson can imagine a great celebration, a banquet and a horde of guests, but with no guest of honor the attendees can only linger around awkwardly, careful of accidentally making a faux pas in front of the parents. He can imagine the parents of Jin Bao who hadn't stopped to rest since his disappearance finally pause their search in order to conduct the ceremony so when Jin Bao comes back he will not be shamed for having no name. 

He wonders if the kidnappers felt guilty and regretful at this point as they watched the broken hearted couple give a wobbly speech about the day their baby was born. How small he was and how beautifully golden his scales were, their small golden treasure they didn't protect hard enough. 

And finally when the party finally ends, the couple would sit all alone in the darkening hall, surrounded by bright cheerful decorations that aren't able to fill the loneliness in their hearts and they'll cry. Because they know in their hearts they'll never see their little treasure again.

Jia Hyson's imagination was vivid and morbid. Even though he didn't know exactly what a dragon naming ceremony would look like nor the appearance of Jin Bao's parents his mind could still come up with something visually heartbreaking all the same. Maybe it's also due to his cynicism and anxiety problems since young, he was very good at imaging depressing things that could make his chest clench uncomfortably and tears unwillingly well up in his eyes. 

Jia Hyson: QAQ Fuck, made myself cry.

Bebe: QAQ Fuck host made Bebe cry.

The Author God is ignorantly cruel. Just a fun inside joke in their writing can turn into such a tragic thing in reality. This sort of thing is impossible to imagine when writing so carelessly but when confronted with the consequences it can make one feel extremely uncomfortable with reality. 

This sort of feeling is probably what a lot of hosts had felt before changing their paths to become Worldbreakers. 

After all they may be on the run, and every day is may be their last as there is no one to look out for them... but at least they can say they are their own person capable of paving their own fates and lives. 

"Cluck? Cluck cluck?" Two bright silver eyes stare at him, faint concern somehow radiating from the rooster as he bends his head downwards to look at Jia Hyson who was snuggled underneath his body. 

Jia Hyson reads the subtitles that appear in front of him.

[What's wrong? Is something wrong?]

Instantly some of the uncomfortable feelings dissipates and Jia Hyson shakes his head, meeping cutely and turning to lie on his back to better hug Da Gong. Da Gong clucks embarrassedly and pretends to go back to sleep. 

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, ah, ah! He's so cute! Bebe isn't he so cute?' ( >  < )

Bebe: '...Yes.' Fuck Da Gong really is a cutie. (  )

Strong and domineering but knew how to show concern and care, intelligent but doesn't overthink, aggressive but sweet... other than being a bit more of a vinegar drinker than most and the fact Da Gong was a fucking rooster, Bebe honestly couldn't really find any huge flaws to the bird in terms of a lover's requirements.

Bebe absolutely hates the fact that Bebe thinks this rooster is probably the best boyfriend he's ever seen ah. Forget Jia Hyson's past suitors, those pathetic things, Bebe is including its previous hosts' lovers. Even including other system's hosts' lovers. 

It supposes that there's something to say about humanity somewhere in that observation ah.  

While Jia Hyson drifts off to sleep thanks to the warmth and fluffiness of Da Gong's down feathers, Tang Muxin was awake and thinking. 

From what Jia Hyson had told her through their link before cutting it off, he also was familiar with this story world's plot albeit to a slightly lesser degree as it is his sister who told him about it. His sister is a good friend of the author who wrote it and so he also knew a few more insider things like his current identity as a rejected mascot character. 

What Jia Hyson said was of course nonsense. But it's not like anyone could prove it ah, and thanks to Bebe he could bring up insider knowledge about the story. Since he was a male transmigrator in what is supposedly a female oriented novel it's better to just explain it as having a friend or relative who liked the story or something along this line. After all, it's not very believable to have all this background information from his original body's memory given the infantile age. 

Needless to say, there was no reason for Tang Muxin to not believe it, and the discrepancy between using his real name and the system in her mind telling her Jin Bao's name served as solid supporting evidence if nothing else.

They agreed to refer him as Jin Bao in the future though. No matter what, Jia Hyson now lived in Jin Bao's body, it would be rude to erase the last bit of identity that was Jin Bao for no reason. 

During their mental chat they had briefly discussed future plans. Right now what Tang Muxin didn't have was pretty much everything but money. General knowledge, allies, a good standing in her family, a decent reputation... No matter how it looks she has a large disadvantage in surviving well without following the plot right now. 

The best thing right now was to start off with baby steps and let her properly meet another human first. Other than the maids and servants that would occasionally come to give and take her meals, she had nearly no contact with anyone. Even the guards have long slacked off in their duties, many people in the household having a very apathetic attitude toward her. 

Jia Hyson had a bit more general knowledge than her, even without Bebe's input, but he won't have the street smarts and practical experience to help Tang Muxin out in integrating herself to the world. Ye Cheng who travels and socialises a lot on the other hand, is the perfect person in contrast. 

Tang Muxin who seriously listens to Jia Hyson's suggestion quickly agrees and the conversation finally ends.

The next morning Jia Hyson coaxed his vinegar soaked rooster to bring Tang Muxin over to see Ye Cheng. Da Gong was naturally reluctant to invite a home wrecker into the in-laws house but after some calculations in his heart he decides to follow what his worm says. 

Ye Cheng is a male human. This home wrecker is a female human. Da Gong has seen that Ye Cheng is rather popular with other humans. Maybe not as successful mate-wise but as a friendly acquaintance Ye Cheng has many. The home wrecker can become one of those and will no longer be interested in seducing cute little worms. 

Home wrecker Tang Muxin: But... I didn't...

Mate-less Ye Cheng: ...Even his rooster knows his love life is pathetic. ORZ

Trotting along time Ye Cheng's house, Tang Muxin couldn't help but feel the path was a little familiar, like the original body had been here before. However the emotions she was grasping were fairly complicated and smothered like the memories had been purposely pushed to the bottom of her mind, barely out of reach. 

The odd feeling gets a bit more pronounced when the odd trio arrive a street away from the house. Tang Muxin frowns and presses her forehead, massaging it in small circles anxiously. She could have sworn she had most of the original body's memories but why in regards to this Ye Cheng person she had a weird feeling. 

Silently she curses this shitty cannon fodder character. The Tang Muxin of this world was an idiot who hates the poor and loves the rich, stupid, naive, and frankly, a little delusional. She disdained anyone with slightly less status and wealth than herself, even toward the village leader's favourite concubines much less the poor villagers. Obviously due to this she only paid minimal attention to them. It was surprising enough that there is an emotional reaction to this Ye Cheng at all.

In short, even though Tang Muxin probably could see these memories clearer then the original, it doesn't stop the fact that these memories held little practical value and even she had trouble extracting any good information from it.

She briefly touches the hidden blade in the long sleeve of her dress, reassured by the security that a sharp blade has. Admittedly it wasn't the best, she could only quickly snatch the smallest knife from the kitchen that was about to be thrown away but it should be enough to ensure a safe escape if things went south. Glancing at the large rooster and the tiny skinny dragon sunbathing on him.

...She should probably be able to grab Jin Bao and run if needed ah.

Da Gong trots over to the door and pecks at it before crowing. 

In response there was a faint curse and a clatter before the sound of running is heard along with some background animal sounds. "Coming! Coming! Da Gong, don't you dare break my door again, I'm coming!"

Tang Muxin stares at Da Gong aghast. What is wrong with this chicken?!

Da Gong glances at her and clucks provocatively.

...Maybe it would be for the best if she just left Jin Bao there. He seems to have lived well without her anyway. 

Finally the door opens, revealing a ruffled Ye Cheng. It looked like they had disturbed what was a very laidback morning for the young man. Ye Cheng's handsome face had a slight scruffy stubble that made him a little roguish to look at and his hair was messily tied up giving him a rather debauched appearance. His outer clothes had also been hurriedly put on and was currently slipping off his shoulders, exposing his healthy wheat skin and collarbone. 

Tang Muxin silently admires the man. 'Not too bad to look at ah,' she can't help but praise internally.

'Oh-ho,' Jia Hyson snickers cheekily, opening a single golden eye to look at the protagonist while sunbathing on Da Gong. This mischievous, indulgent appearance really causes Tang Muxin's eye to twitch. Without a proper system like Bebe who can help filter things through the soul bond, it's hard for Tang Muxin to control her thoughts so they aren't broadcasted to her fellow transmigrator. 'So you like the sunny boy-next-door type ah.'

Tang Muxin stays silent. Unfortunately Jia Hyson, secure in his knowledge that she can't throw him away now, continues to chatter.

'I get it ah, personally I like the domineering but doting CEO type and the rough, cold on the outside, warm on the inside types but I see the appeal.'

Tang Muxin forcibly suppresses her scathing comment about how it seems his type was feathered and tastes good deep-fried. Though she did have to reluctantly agree that the rooster, from her short term observations, does seem to fit most of those personality traits.

"You came early ah," Ye Cheng greets Da Gong and Xiao Bang with a smile.

"Cluck." Da Gong clucks domineeringly. "Cluck, cluckcluck, cluck. Cluck, cluck, cluckcluckcluck, cluck."

[Be grateful human. I have brought a female human who might be interested in you. She is a loose woman but her chest is swollen like you like them.]

Jia Hyson almost did a spit take reading this.

Ye Cheng obliviously felt touched by the attention his aloof rooster was giving him. Generally Da Gong is a quiet chicken, it's rare that he will talk so much at once. Seeing that Da Gong was gesturing with his wing, Ye Cheng finally notices there was someone a few steps behind the rooster.

Feeling embarrassed for his appearance and lack of manners, Ye Cheng looks up with a smile, ready to greet the arrival. But then he sees who it is and his smile stiffens. "Miss Tang." He says coldly.

Tang Muxin who had been having trouble recognising Ye Cheng finally remembers after seeing the handsome face filled with stiff disdain. The reason why she couldn't remember this was probably because the original deliberately suppressed those memories due to unprecedented embarrassment and guilt. Immediately she wishes to die and hope that her next life won't be as full of pits as this one.

In theory, Da Gong had a good idea. Even though not many women wished to openly pursue such a chatterbox like Ye Cheng, many still liked his bright personality and handsome face so Ye Cheng had many female friends and a few secret admirers. Overall there were few who disliked Ye Cheng despite not necessarily seeing him in a romantic light. 

However, Da Gong failed to realize one thing. 

Ye Cheng may not be disliked by some people but he will still have people he, himself, dislikes. 

Tang Muxin, the arrogant idiot daughter of the Tang Family was one of the few people he outright loathes.




So, the story behind Tang Muxin and Ye Cheng went like this:

Ye Cheng was a clever, handsome young man with a sweet if chatty mouth and was also one of the relatively richer villagers who showed a lot of potential. Tang Muxin, the original, had a not so secret crush on him a few years ago.

Unfortunately despite being quite pretty and having the benefit of a good family to add to her appeal, she too was heavy handed and arrogant, believing it was Ye Cheng's privilege for someone like him to catch her eye. She aggressively pursued him and chased away many of his friends, both male and female alike, and therefore chased away a lot of his clientele. 

Jia Hyson eating melon seeds as he listens to the internal monologue: 'Oh damn.' _

But it didn't end there.

Finally, she somehow managed to get him drunk, stripped their clothing and pretended he took her chastity the next day in attempt to get him to marry her. 

When he still rejected her, she loudly accused him of rape. 

Jia Hyson eating melon seeds as he listens to the internal monologue: 'Oh daMN.' _

Ye Cheng had been severely and publicly punished with a hundred strokes with a heavy stick by a furious head of the Tang Family. It should be known, this sort of thing could actually kill a person or at the very least, guaranteed to severely cripple them. 

Luckily, upon seeing the man she liked get beaten bruised and bloody, the original vicious but still young Tang Muxin grew frightened and guilty. By the thirty-seventh hit she finally ran ran out of the crowd to kneel in front of her father and confess she lied in order to try get Ye Cheng to marry her.

The head of the Tang family was of course so angry he vomited blood. 

Did she have no guts as well as no brains?

If you're going to do something do it all the way! The fact she rescinded her accusation in front of such a large crowd was a huge slap in the face for the Tang family. People will think they had no concept and morals or etiquette for raising a daughter with such vulgar schemes, they will think the Tangs are full of bias toward their own and will harm innocents for selfish reasons and so on, so on. 

At least half her father's love was lost that day.

Ye Cheng also was not grateful to her sudden change of heart. Which, like, fair enough ah.  

Taking thirty-seven blows did not take a short amount of time after all. The punisher will give him a short period to take a breather after every ten beatings, letting the hot sun burn over his already heated wounds. The pain and humiliation he endured was excruciating. Not to mention death was common after heavy beatings like his punishment was meant to be- often due to infection setting in through the ruptured skin and internal damages.

Though he felt great relief there was no way he felt gratitude.

Who cares if she stopped it. She was the person responsible for the whole farce in the first place! 

The original Tang Muxin of course wouldn't be able to pick up on it but the transmigrated super spy assassin doctor Tang Muxin of course could with these memories. It would be strange not to feel such bone deep hatred ah. Honestly it's a testament to Ye Cheng's good nature and restraint that he didn't do anything rash and merely went home to recuperate and avoid the Tang family.

Of course the patriarch has to make amends given the public faceslapping so Ye Cheng eventually albeit very reluctantly reconciled with the head of the Tangs and by extension, the Tang family. At the very least now the Tang family gave him some protection and benefits that helped him gain his own small status and riches, more than enough to let his parents live nicely when he wasn't around so most of the dissatisfaction toward the Tang family had faded. However his hatred for Tang Muxin was much harder to shake off.

Maybe over time the fierce, vicious, mind-numbing disgust and hatred he had for her had been tempered and slowly forgotten but it wasn't even close to say that he had completely gotten over it much less forgiven her for her repulsive actions. 

Jia Hyson: 'Bruh, if I was Ye Cheng, you wouldn't have had a body to transmigrate to.'

Tang Muxin: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Because the other Tang Muxin would be dead.'

Tang Muxin: '...Yes. I got that.'  

To have a body who is irreconcilable enemies with the most suitable person to be friends with at this moment.. Tang Muxin could feel the malice of the universe. 

"Eldest Miss Tang," Ye Cheng repeats impatiently, the heat of irritation searing underneath his glacial tone. "May I ask what you are doing here? And what I can do to make you leave?" 

Jia Hyson was a little impressed. There was not a hint of etiquette or politeness that should have belonged to a person of a lower caste ah. In an era where even dirtying the sleeve of a noble can get a passerby flogged, this was really bold, hatred or no hatred. He didn't expect it from the easygoing, sociable and relatively intelligent Ye Cheng. 

Tang Muxin, who was holding a big shiny stinking black pot in her hands, felt her eye twitch before her expression turns solemn and blank. Ye Cheng was suprised by the change, after all, this aloof coldness was very different to the temperamental and arrogant air Tang Muxin usually had. 

His eyes sharply caught the faint tremble of her clasped hands as she softly says, "If I had any other choice I wouldn't want to bother you either." There was still pride in her voice but it contained exhaustion and apology. 

Ye Cheng frowns, he likes gossip but he tends to avoid the topics related to Tang Muxin. Unfortunately, who told that stupid girl to be worthy of so many rumors and scandals with her terrible behavior and loud personality? He of course had heard that she had recently done another bad thing to the Tang head's main legal wife and daughter resulting in a harsh solitary confinement that had been going on for a while now.

Initially Ye Cheng felt a dark sense of twisted satisfaction from this. After all, if any woman deserved it, it was this vile narrow minded young lady who constantly digs her own pits to fall into. However, Ye Cheng had a soft heart. Now that he saw Tang Muxin who was clearly thinner and less well off than before, from her pallid pale skin to her simple slightly dirty garments, he felt a bit bad for scorning her. 

Plus, whatever she had experienced in isolation seemed to change her attitude a little. Ye Cheng isn't sure what it was but it's clear to him that she's changed quite a bit, even the atmosphere around her seemed a bit more dense, domineering even, like a predatory animal, solitary and powerful. The arrogance in her was no longer loose and filled with unfounded confidence, instead it seemed like her large pride has been whittled into a sharp blade.

Ye Cheng had seen a few nobles in passing as well as their guards. Tang Muxin right now reminded him faintly of the strongest guards he had seen. However, this comparison seemed a little ridiculous, those guards learnt and trained in martial arts and strengthened their bodies into weapons. No matter how terrible the punishment Tang Muxin had to endure, as the only daughter of the Tang head's sweetheart, she wouldn't have been treated so viciously to cause such a qualitative change...

...Right?

Tang Muxin then bows 90 degrees at him, "Please," She says softly, voice quiet but firm.

Ye Cheng still didn't want to but he felt a little sympathy toward her now. After hesitating for a second he figures it wouldn't hurt to let her in for now ah. Worse comes to worse, he can always kick her out if she acts unruly again and maybe even get a reward from the Tangs for reporting her escaping the confinement punishment. 

Rubbing his forehead he steps aside to let her in, "Don't expect this granddaddy to serve you tea ah."

"Of course," Pleasant surprise flits through Tang Muxin's eyes and the corners of her lips turn slightly upward into a small, grateful smile momentarily dazzling Ye Cheng. 

Ye Cheng had initially been a little attracted by Tang Muxin who was a bit plain but quite cute and pretty when she wasn't wearing garish makeup and flashily unflattering expensive dresses that didn't suit her. So in the beginning he had actually been flattered by such an aggressive and passionate pursuit. 

Unfortunately Tang Muxin had been a crazy person who immediately took his tentative but interested attitude as agreement that he would be hers forever and that he would do everything she wanted and not talk to anyone she didn't like- which was pretty much everyone.

Obviously he didn't take it well and tried to break it off resulting in the most traumatising event of his life.

Recalling this he immediately returned back to reality with a renewed unfriendly and hostile attitude toward his guest. Even if she had suffered and changed a bit who knows if this was permanent? It's easy for a good person to go bad but it's almost impossible for a bad person to become good. Ye Cheng liked to be optimistic but he didn't believe that Tang Muxin wasn't still the selfish, delusional bitch she had always been. It's difficult for the core of a person to change.

Once she entered the room, Ye Cheng was left with an expectant Da Gong and Xiao Bang waiting at the doorway. Ye Cheng wanted to get angry at them but he couldn't muster up the irritation looking at his proud rooster and the tiny lizard clinging on his neck. 

"Some good you are ah," Ye Cheng sighs before squatting down and lightly poking Da Gong's little head playfully, "How could you bring the enemy home. Aiyah, usually you're so good at telling good from bad, did you eat something strange today?"

Da Gong tilted his head confusedly, "Cluck?" Why was he poked?

Didn't he already say that this was a homewrecker? Doesn't Ye Cheng understand that by bringing this homewrecker here she can be distracted by your male pheromones and forget about his worm? Tch, his human is still so stupid and doesn't understand his deep thoughts.

Seeing the rooster's befuddled and unamused expression Ye Cheng just chuckles helplessly and lets the rooster inside after one last poke. 

Da Gong, despite his domineering and wild nature, was only two years old. Roosters reach sexual maturity at around 4 to 5 months old and generally have a lifespan of 5 to 8 years. 

When Ye Cheng picked him up, it was after the public beating so Da Gong wouldn't have recognized Tang Muxin. In a way, raising the tiny domineering fluff ball Da Gong helped him soothe his heart and recover most of his mental state as well as the support of his parents and fellow villagers. 

His eyes catch onto the faint golden coloring of his new small family member Xiao Bang, who was clutching at the Da Gong's feathers. Xiao Bang turned to glance up at Ye Cheng, meeting his gaze. The little lizard's eyes were large and oddly entrancing. In a split second those eyes seemed to curve into crescents and it almost looked like the creature was smiling reassuringly. 

Ye Cheng felt his heart settle down a bit more at the sight. That's right, past is past ah. So many things have changed and his life is filled with lively animals and financial stability. Since that incident his life had only gone uphill, unlike Tang Muxin who's trajectory had slowly dropped to the pitiful state she's in now. Even if he can't completely push aside his dislike he can at least bear with it and listen to what she had to say. 

...

Under Jia Hyson's helpful prompts, Tang Muxin who was already well versed in the art of talking thanks to her spy training, spoke circles around Ye Cheng who while smart was still an uncultured and essentially uneducated young man. She first gave him some sincere apologies for all the shit the other Tang Muxin had done before striking the iron while it's hot and started selling tragedy. 

Talking about how the legal main wife and daughter were two-faced vicious people, reluctantly admitting that she wasn't as smart as them causing downfall after downfall, even subtly implying that it was their egging on that caused her to act the way she had around Ye Cheng back then.

It wasn't a lie per say anyway. The Tang legal wife and daughter were very good at hiding daggers behind their sweet smiles. And they did put more than a few ideas in the original Tang Muxin's head that caused more than a few pitfalls for herself. Tang Muxin was unlikeable and had no friends, so it wasn't hard to manipulate her thinking by getting servant girls to gossip about how romantic X dogblooded story is and how it was such a shame that Miss Y wasn't possessive enough and lost her husband to a brothel worker and so on. 

Of course... if the original Tang Muxin wasn't so naive and had read or tried to learn anything from her tutors she wouldn't have so easily believed these sort of things after a few weeks of prompting but who told the Author God to create such a dumbass? 

Anyway, after selling her small tragedy without overselling it and stimulating Ye Cheng, Tang Muxin cleverly moves on to her repentance during isolation. "I've now realized how stupid, selfish and moronic I have been," She seriously says before dissing on the original Tang Muxin's various flaws with an enthusiasm that made it clear to Jia Hyson that she had been holding back her feelings about being transmigrated into such an awfully annoying character. 

"-I've been a stupid idiot with nothing in her mind but petty vengeance and fashion that was easily swayed just by eavesdropping on a few maids, like who is that gullible? How can she, I mean, I, somehow take some passing by servant's gossip to heart and yet I don't recall even a single important thing from my tutors? Can this brain only retain dirty water? It's ridiculous!"

Ye Cheng: '???' Don't know what's going on anymore but understands Tang Muxin has definitely somehow seen the light and is now disgusted with her previous way of life. 

In fact, Tang Muxin seemed so disdainful and loathing toward herself that he didn't even get to say his part. He had even felt a small urge to placate her and tell her that she wasn't as bad as she said. Of course that wasn't true so he didn't say anything, just silently listened to vicious verbal self abuse with slowly growing numbness. 

Finally though he really could take the negativity anymore and interrupts her. "What exactly do you want?" Ye Cheng asks but his voice is much less aggressive and more tired. 

Tang Muxin stops her ranting, suddenly realizing she had gotten too absorbed in venting out the anger in her heart. Embarrassed, she quickly gives the man a 90 degree bow as she shouts, "Please teach me life skills!"

Ye Cheng: '...'

Tang Muxin, rightfully afraid the other will reject her quickly continues using hard to refute logic, "There is no one in the Tang family that will be willing to help me and those that are I'm afraid may be planted by mother and sister TingTing. Father has also lost hope in me and I don't have a strong connection to anyone. If I try get an outsider's help wouldn't it be easy for them to spill the beans to my family and sell me out for money?"



"That's.. true," Ye Cheng sighs. Once again he felt it was good to be a poor little bachelor. The richer and bigger the families, the more schemes and deceptions and drama seem to arise. Even though he wasn't completely comfortable with his powerlessness, at least the most he had to worry about was paying respects to his parents and making enough money to feed his pets. "But still, I can also see you out you know ah. The only reason I originally disliked the Tangs is because of-" He coughs awkwardly.

Tang Muxin also felt very awkward. However, even though she didn't know Ye Cheng and the man wasn't a character in the story, she could sense he was a good person. After all, despite their history, the man still invited her in and let her speak for the most part interrupted. Even after hearing her demands, he didn't immediately kick her out and sneer at her but still held a relatively patient albeit tired attitude. 

Not only that, his home was small but warm. An old dog, a small cat with half a tail, and signs of other animals present in the house... Tang Muxin can deduce he has been keeping an assortment of animals and taking good care of them. Jin Bao had also attested to his good nature. 

From what she's seen, Ye Cheng is trustworthy and kind. So even though she probably would be ultimately fine going off alone, Tang Muxin felt that if Ye Cheng could find it in his heart to help her she will receive only benefits. 

So she truthfully replies, "Because you're a good guy."

Ye Cheng who got a good guy card: '...' 

He looks at Tang Muxin whose eyes were wide and sincere. Not a trace of that disgusting obsessive love, just some hopeful tentative optimism. 

Ye Cheng struggles with himself for a few seconds before finally acquiescing, "In two days I'll be going to visit the nearby town. It will be a relatively long two week trip. If you think you can go unnoticed that long you can come. If you don't then wait a week and-"

"No, I should be able to." Tang Muxin immediately agrees. She has no intention of living in the cold and complicated Tang house only to be sold as a maid later on. It's better to grasp this opportunity to leave as fast as possible. Two weeks learning the basics and getting an idea of the economy and trending products should be enough for her to muddle through life afterwards. After that she can bid Ye Cheng farewell, grab Jin Bao and leave. 

Ye Cheng, oblivious to become an accomplice to a future runaway, merely thought the girl was being naive and stupid again. 

After all, there were quite a few romantic little girls in the village that like to sneak out for the night to play or meet with a boy, thinking that they will never get caught. Sure maybe the first few nights they are successful, but there is always a day when they're not. 

Though Tang Muxin is clearly neglected during her confinement period, there are still servants that will occasionally give her food and drink. If they find the meals are untouched after a while they will check on her properly to confirm her health and the truth will then come out.

However he is also familiar with this girl's temperament and if he denies her outright she'll explode and do something crazy. Even if he admits she has changed a bit, a person's temper is hard to tame. 

"If you don't find a servant or maid willing to cover for you, you'll probably be found out by the second day you leave," He kindly tells her.

Hearing the advice, Tang Muxin felt even more assured he won't sell her out. "Don't worry," She assures, "I'll deal with it."

Ye Cheng gives her a faint look of disbelief before shrugging it off, ignoring the anxiety in his heart. He did try and warn her, it wouldn't be his fault that she will get punished later. And if she tries to throw the pot on him... well it was common knowledge that he loathes her and will not associate with Tang Muxin if he could. Who would believe her if she said something like he offered to take her on a trip and elope?

"I also expect monetary compensation," Ye Cheng firmly adds on. If he's going to help his enemy, he might as well do it in return for something useful. The Tangs were filled with money anyway, even just taking a few trinkets from their jewellery boxes might be enough for Ye Cheng to provide his hungry household a few months worth of rice alone. 

"Of course ah," Tang Muxin quickly agrees, embarrassed that she didn't offer it first. 

They don't shake their hands or anything to seal the deal. The pair of humans just stood awkwardly for a bit before Ye Cheng finally sent her out. Tang Muxin for her part hurried back to the Tang residence. She had a lot to prepare for.

Jia Hyson: '...I feel forgotten.'

Seeing his protagonist leaving, Jia Hyson tries to scurry off toward her. Unfortunately, Da Gong, this rooster filled with vinegar was very upset with his action. Before Jia Hyson could drop to the ground and crawl, Da Gong managed to catch him with his beak, holding him in place.

"Mreep!" Jia Hyson shrieks in protest. What was Da Gong doing? That was their literal meal ticket running away ah! They didn't have too many spiritual energy syringes left okay! Tang Muxin you air-headed assassin, come back!

However, Jia Hyson's protest only served to make the rooster even more indignant and wronged.

Which worm was it that cuddled him so tightly while the humans were talking? Who played with his chest feathers and playfully nibbled his comb and tickled his wattles like a rogue? Da Gong had been awfully embarrassed and flustered by his worm's bold moves in front of the humans that he had stayed as still and silent as possible which only made his worm even more arrogant and unrestrained. 

And now, now that his worm was satisfied he immediately tried to run off with that human wench!

Is this... the infamous dine and dash? 

Unacceptable! (  )




Jia Hyson gasps and groans. His breath coming out in short uneven panting as his slim body writhes in a mixture of discomfort and pleasure. "No, ah, no, stop-!" 

The long black primary feathers graze over his bare body, the touch causing him to buck and twitch and gasp. "Da, hah, Da Gong, you, ahh, you stop right, right, hahahahahaha!"

His tiny limbs fruitlessly try to push away those awful feathers as they tickle his sensitive thin scales on his belly. 

"Cluck, cluck, cluck." Da Gong clucks sternly as he once again lightly brushes his feathers against the worm's sides.

[Don't leave me to chase ugly humans.]

"Noooo," Jia Hyson's body twists and turns in an attempt to escape, "I won't ahahaha, I won't, haha, promise, ah, ah, just stop hahaha!"

Ye Cheng watches the adorable scene of his family's Da Gong play with his family's Xiao Bang. The little lizard was really strange though, the way it shrieks and cries was really unlike any animal he's heard of. 

In fact, lizards are predominantly pretty quiet creatures that don't really make too much noise in general. Other than house geckos that like to make those clicking noises, Ye Cheng doesn't think he's seen or heard any reptile as vocal as little Xiao Bang. Not to mention Xiao Bang who doesn't click like a gecko but likes to 'mrp' and 'meep' and even occasionally 'muah', it really feels quite unusual. 

But also very cute ah. 

Ye Cheng felt very warm as he watches the unusual and cute Xiao Bang scream it's little head off as Da Gong bullies him to tears. By the side Da Shen, the old dog, was covering his eyes with his paws and Xiao Shua was facing away from everyone with it's ears flattened, the very image of 'see no evil, hear no evil'.

He has so many unique fluffy cuties, it made himself feel very fluffy inside. 

Meanwhile Tang Muxin was not feeling very fluffy. 

She had managed to arrive back unnoticed but not an hour later, a servant came to summon her to the main hall where this body's cheap father and his vicious main wife were. Luckily she could manage to muddle her way through the basic courtesies and greetings thanks in no small part to her terrible reputation of being an uneducated crazy wastrel. Unluckily it seems that her cheap father has been convinced by his wife to sell her into the palace when spring comes. 

It's the end of autumn currently. 

Tang Muxin listened numbly as her cheap father tries to sell her on the idea of entering the palace with coaxing words and half-truths while her mother smiles with faint smugness. She sneers inwardly. It seems no matter what time they live in, they'll always be human scum. 

The cheap father in a way has his good points. After all, it took him this long for him to run out of patience with the original Tang Muxin's frankly and objectively horrible antics and he did protect her a lot much to the dissatisfaction of other people. In fact, one may say that the Tang family could have been much more successful if not for the multiple blows in their reputation caused by the original pulling them down. 

However he was also a bit braindead like his daughter ah. Easily manipulated by the main wife and other concubines, he actually thought sending Tang Muxin, who has shown no talent, skills or even emotional intelligence, to the palace to essentially die instead of doing what most father's who want to kick out their kids and send them... literally anywhere else honestly. 

A more rural village in the backwater countryside or a monastery were good choices ah. Tang Muxin felt like not just her cheap father, but the main wife's brain was also quite unfathomable to persuade everyone to send her to the palace. After all, the humiliation and suffering would also be quite heavy if she was sent to the previously aforementioned options as well. 

Was it because of the money the palace would pay? It was, wasn't it? Fuck, they're already one of the richest families in this small area and yet they sold their daughter for some gold like their family was in poverty! 

The original Tang Muxin was in the wrong but these people should at least try to help correct her before it became this bad. Even if they had reached this breaking point, the actions they took to remove her were too stupid. It should be said brainlessness runs in this family. 

Tang Muxin sighs, she really can't wait to leave this place. Jin Bao her fellow transmigrator had given her lots of good ideas on how to proceed in the future but without basic knowledge she won't be able to take a single step until then. Fortunately Ye Cheng was a rare good man who was willing to more or less let bygones be bygones and help her when she was in need. 

Walking back to her isolated villa she can feel the sneers and whispers of the people around her. Even though it isn't truly 'her' they're sneering at, it still left an awful and familiar taste on the tongue. 

Her hands slowly clench. 

She hates that feeling. 

...

Jia Hyson was completely drained from the tickle attack but still somehow managed to convince Da Gong to go back to Tang Muxin's courtyard in the evening. 

Da Gong: 'Hmph, if the courtyard wasn't so nice who would want to go back again? Tch, it can't be helped, if the worm wants to go he'll accompany it ah.'

"Thank you," Jia Hyson croons as his slim noodle body wraps around Da Gong's neck with happily, his snout nuzzling affectionately against the feathery black cheek. 

"Tch," Da Gong pretended he didn't notice his worm being so physically intimate and coquettish while ignoring how his heart flutters beneath his breastbone. 

When the pair of unlikely animal companions arrive, they see Tang Muxin- all packed up and one step out the door.

Jia Hyson was suprised. Didn't they agree to leave in a few days time?

'Eh? Mu Mu what are you doing?' He telepathically calls out.

Tang Muxin: '...' Who the fuck is your Mu Mu?  

"Plans have changed." She announces as she hikes up her makeshift sack filled with what sounds like an awful lot of stuff. It seems Tang Muxin had no intention of acting above material things and leaving with her pride and other such nonsense. She was going to be potentially facing a period of poverty, it's best to take as many valuables as she can to avoid that situation. "Let's go and sell tragedy again."

Jia Hyson: '...Okay.' Girl, it hasn't been a day yet and you're going to sell tragedy to the same person twice with such an aura filled with righteousness. Are you addicted to selling tragedy now? 

However Da Gong who had just been appeased flew into a rage again as he finally realizes what's happening. 

His worm wanted to go back to their courtyard and coaxed him so hard, Da Gong had thought it was because his worm was coquettish and enjoyed their alone time together. While Da Gong had still been unhappy with it he was a generous and accommodating rooster who can't help but give in to his worm's wishes. 

But! But! But! It turns out the only reason his worm wanted to come was because of the human woman! Now that she was leaving his work also wanted to leave! His worm didn't care about their courtyard at all!! (  )

Jia Hyson of course, while not very well versed in rooster psychology, had good EQ and was very experienced in the art of coaxing crazy lovers. He could immediately sense he had made a misstep in his eagerness to cling to the protagonist. 

Initially he had planned it so during the two days before leaving with Ye Cheng, he can use the time to get Da Gong more acquainted and hopefully a bit more accepting of Tang Muxin who would feed them with food infused naturally with spiritual energy. Even if Da Gong didn't like her, if he explains that he had run out of spiritual energy syringes, Da Gong would reluctantly accept her as a chef if nothing else.

But now, the jealous rooster had been stimulated too many times and had no chance to properly recover from all the vinegar he had been guzzling. The food Tang Muxin had initially given them had too little spiritual energy to be properly acknowledged by the prideful and arrogant bird, so to Da Gong she probably just seemed like a piece of trash in his eyes.

Jia Hyson: 'Ahhh, this is a bit like when I tried to matchmake my sexfriends, where A was way too sticky with me and B was secretly in love with A but A didn't know who B was and just thought of him as a love rival.'

Bebe: '...Why were even your relationships with your casual fuckbuddies so complicated?')

Jia Hyson: 'I like having a little spice in my life ah.' 

Bebe: 'Bebe thinks you're a little too spicy. You should tone it down.'

Jia Hyson: 'I can try, but only if you will take a lick to check my spice level-' 

Bebe:   'ROLL.'

While they were bantering inside his head, Jia Hyson was busy selling meng and trying to appeasing Da Gong. This was probably the only thing he could do while multitasking, after all, he's spent many a time trying to coax and flirt with people while thinking about the newest chapter he had to write later and so on.

Bebe: 'Scum alert.'()

Jia Hyson: 'It's called being productive dumbass. Do you know how much time I waste trying to on damage control?'

Bebe: 'Well maybe you should stop causing so much damage.'

Jia Hyson: 'Tch, you really have an answer for everything now don't you?'

Bebe: 'Well it helps that you have a stupid question for everything.' \ () /

Jia Hyson: '...' _

Unfortunately while he was great in doing this sort of scummy thing as a human to another human, as a dragon to a rooster, his abilities were greatly reduced. Not only in terms of body language and seduction techniques, but even the language barrier was very difficult to overcome. 

With the high-level linguistic improvement pill and the skill [Subtitles], Jia Hyson is able to learn, comprehend and speak animal languages faster than normal but he had always been a bit of a language slag and it hasn't been that long since he had arrived. It was inevitable that he couldn't spout his usual flowery and seductive bullshit. He really only knows basic sentences and words that probably read at an elementary school level. 

Da Gong is also aware of this and had always made it a point to be very patient with Jia Hyson, doing his best to help whenever it seems he's struggling with finding a word. However right now, Da Gong wasn't feeling very understanding.

"Da Gong, Boss, I'm sorry-" Jia Hyson chirps cutely, tiny claws gently tugging and pawing at the bird's soft chest feathers, "Forgive me? Please?"

"Hmph," Da Gong clucks coldly. He is an intelligent rooster that will not be fooled again. 

"Please---" Jia Hyson boops his snout against the large rooster's chest before peppering it with soft, light kisses, making Da Gong feel ticklish but on the outside and inside. 

"H-Hmph," Da Gong turns his head away from his worm. He will not be moved.

"Pwease------" Boop. Boop. Kiss. Kiss. Boop. Nuzzle. Boop. 

Da Gong: (" (,,,,) '...' 

Critical hit. Attack was super effective.

"Tch." Da Gong clucks irritatedly but he is still as gentle as ever as he picks Jia Hyson up with his beak and flings him onto his back. 

"Mrp!" Jia Hyson squeals in delight. His Da Gong was so adorable! "Mrp! Mrrep!" He continues to excitedly cry out happily and places as many soft kisses as he can to show exactly how pleased he was with his sweet chicken. 

Under his little worm's enthusiastic cheering Da Gong's feathers puff up pridefully and his neck straightens up as he struts back to Ye Cheng's house. Passing by a motionless Tang Muxin who had been watching this melodramatic scene of a slag man successfully winning back the enraged 'legal husband' by selling enough meng, Da Gong stops and stares up at her. 

Silver eyes glint dangerously, no longer looking down on this human. Even though she was clearly beneath him, this human was sneaky and filled with tricks. Da Gong can't afford to underestimate this woman anymore. 

However, she really was too ugly to look at. All pasty and pudgy. Da Gong really couldn't see why his worm seemed to be so infatuated with her ah. 

Disgusted, Da Gong 'tch'-ed disdainfully and began to run off toward Ye Cheng's house. 

Tang Muxin: '...' It seems I've made an enemy ah?

Feeling a bit stifled by constantly being suppressed by a rooster, Tang Muxin adjusted the heavy sack slung across her shoulder and also began to run after Da Gong. 

Even if she felt the rooster was a bit abnormal, a rooster was still a rooster. Physically, she should still be able to beat it despite her diminished physical strength. If not, all the trainers she had teaching her light footwork, parkour and other escape skills during her youth might as well just roll over and die!

Seeing the wretched home wrecking human try to outrun him, Da Gong clucks irritatedly and pick up the pace. How foolish. It seems this woman wants to lose face in front of his worm. Fine, Da Gong will generously let her hah.

Luckily during this time when the sun was almost completely set, most people had already closed up shop and were either at home having dinner or starting to drink themselves blind at a bar or indulge in less savoury things so not many people saw a small pampered-looking young miss carrying a huge sack while racing down the streets against the infamous black feathered tyrant. And even if they did, the pair were so fast and the scene was simply too ridiculous that many people couldn't help but believe it to be an illusion. Those that still felt the need to tell people what they saw would only be mocked and scolded for drinking too much.

Ye Cheng who had also been one of the people getting ready to have dinner, did not have the same privileges of denial as he was interrupted by from his bowl of rice mixed with savoury chicken soup in order to open the door and be greeted with two panting, sorry looking figures. 

Tang Muxin looked very messy after running, at some point having almost no care for her own life much less appearances with the way she ran. Her hair was all over the place looking like it had been played with by a cruel two year old, her body was covered in dust and grime, and she was matted with sweat in a rather unattractive way. However her eyes were bright and full of energy. She hadn't run so freely and for the simple fun competitiveness of it for a long time.

Da Gong was in a slightly worse state. His pristine black feathers were ruffled and also covered in dirt, even more so given he is closer to the ground than Tang Muxin and was more affected by the dust that flew up from under their feet. 

Unlike Tang Muxin and her sack though, he was carrying precious cargo so Da Gong had to sacrifice some of his speed and mobility for stability. Still, Da Gong gave the woman a grudgingly impressed look. This human was better than he had thought. Even better than Ye Cheng who Da Gong had always figured was very athletic among humans. 

Ye Cheng didn't notice the subtle improvement between the relationship of transmigrated super spy-assassin-doctor and tyrannical rooster. All he saw was the pair's bedraggled appearances. "Aiyah? What is this? Did you two go fight pigs?"

Da Gong didn't even deign to give Ye Cheng a 'tch' to such a question. He had beaten up most of the adult village pigs until they squealed for their daddies a while ago, those pigs are smart and won't try rise up against him anytime soon. Honestly, his human really was not smart. 

Tang Muxin raised an eyebrow and gave Ye Cheng a cold look. Did he really think she would be stupid enough to fight pigs?

Cough On second thought... it seems she really was. 

Ye Cheng, used to Da Gong's attitude and not really caring of Tang Muxin's ignored their frosty reactions. Still a bit befuddled he let them in. It was already late ah, it wouldn't be good to make Tang Muxin, this idiot girl, go back on her own. Even if he still didn't like her, his heart has inevitably softened given their last meeting. 

As they pass by, one embarrassedly thanking him for his kindness and the other strutting around like he owned the place, Ye Cheng notices the golden hue of Xiao Bang lying on Da Gong. With quick hands he picks up the limp dragon much to the dismay of his rooster friend. 

"Cluck! Cluck! Cluck!" Da Gong protests loudly, flapping his wings angrily as he runs in circles underneath his worm that Ye Cheng had stolen from him.

"Oh hush you," Ye Cheng chides, lightly poking the distressed rooster with his toe as he brings Xiao Bang closer for inspection. 

Jia Hyson, who had finally been granted relief from the hellish ride back, slumped over Ye Cheng's hand, clinging onto his thumb in relief. Even though Da Gong tried his best, as a rooster, his skill does have limits and inevitably the ride was filled with bumps and all sorts of thrills. To Jia Hyson who can't stand fast-paced roller coasters and other such joyrides, it was quite an adventure ah.

"Cluck?" Having calmed down, Da Gong intelligently and patiently sat in place, waiting for his human's verdict. Ye Cheng was very good with animals and Da Gong did trust him implicitly. If he really saw something is wrong with his worm, then Da Gong will not hold Ye Cheng's crime of worm-stealing against him.

"Your little baby is tired." Ye Cheng knelt down and passed Jia Hyson back to Da Gong who gingerly help him in his beak. "Maybe it was clinging too hard to you, you were running right? It must have been quite a race given you're so dirty, did you forget about Xiao Bang? That's not very good ah." He chatters, "It's getting late and the temperature is dropping so we can give you a bath Da Gong or your feathers won't dry. However you can probably wipe down Xiao Bang here before you sleep. Do you remember how to do that or do you want me to do it?"

"Cluck." Da Gong lifts his head up arrogantly.

[Me of course.]

Ye Cheng chuckles and strokes the head of Da Gong who allows the affectionate action. "Okay, okay, I'll get some warm water and a rag."

"You can understand it?" Tang Muxin asks curiously as she watches the interaction. Her heart felt a little warm but at the same time a bit envious. She had never experienced such a sweet familial love like that, her life was cold and lacking in meaningful human interaction. Seeing Ye Cheng being so kind and caring toward his animals made her instinctively crave this sort of caring as well.

Ye Cheng stands up and stretches his back, his smile fading into something more neutral as he shrugs, "I've raised Da Gong since he was a chick. His body language, his personality, I have a good grasp of. I can't really tell what he's saying obviously, but we have a connection that makes it easier I suppose." His eyes soften, looking like a proud father, "Besides, Da Gong is special. Smarter than most animals really."

Tang Muxin blinks and glances at Da Gong who was carefully trotting over to the corner of the room where a nest of old clothes were, gently placing the tired Jin Bao on the edge of the clothing before rummaging through the pile and pulling a thin piece of fabric on top of the small dragon. Once satisfied, Da Gong turned to face the pair of humans and sat down, patiently waiting for the warm water and rag to wash his friend. 

"...Smarter than most humans too." She's seen husbands married for decades that were much less attentive than this rooster.

"Pft," Ye Cheng chuckles, "I think so too but most people aren't too happy hearing that."

"That's probably because they're dumber than a rooster ah," Tang Muxin tries to joke, delighted that she somehow got a positive reaction from Ye Cheng. Unfortunately she wasn't very skilled in joking given her usually serious nature, so it came out quite awkward and forced. Ye Cheng though was naturally sociable and was good at keeping a conversation alive. Feeling goodhearted given Tang Muxin's positive comment about his family's Da Gong he laughs naturally at her flat joke and offers her some dinner.

Feeling flattered, she tentatively accepts the olive branch. Ye Cheng of course, didn't forget to give Da Gong the warm water and rag, letting him play with Xiao Bang while he ate dinner with Tang Muxin. They began to talk over the table. Initially it was mainly Ye Cheng chatting about simple topics while Tang Muxin quietly listens however both were skilled conversationalists and quickly those lighthearted topics became serious.

"That sack..." Ye Cheng glances at the large makeshift bag by her side. He could see the contents inside and could already tell they weren't cheap things.

"My father is planning to sell me to the palace." Tang Muxin truthfully replies. The truth will come out sooner than later anyway, it's better to be upfront. "So I ran here with everything valuable I could carry."

Ye Cheng had already figured as much. Maybe not specifically the palace thing but why else would an unmarried woman run away from home in the middle of the night if not due to something like this. There have been many similar tales of this sort of thing after all. Though usually it's along the lines of escaping a forced marriage. Still. This was really troublesome.

Sensing his worries, Tang Muxin felt a little moved. After all, she was an old enemy of his, worse than a stranger, and yet Ye Cheng was so kindhearted to still look concerned for her. "Don't worry," She assures, "When you show me the ropes and teach me life skills I will be able to leave and live on my own."

Ye Cheng looks at Tang Muxin who had a confident expression on and felt that she was still naive and stupid despite the personality change. Just learning a few things won't magically give her the ability to live well by herself ah! If that was the case would poverty still exist? Not to mention she was a woman! A pretty young woman with no status or backing! There were many unscrupulous men and people of both genders that will look down on her and bully her just for her appearance alone. 

Ye Cheng had seen a lot of terrible things that happen in the streets. But there was little one could do without suitable money and power. After all, even the judicial system around these parts were fairly corrupt and rotten. 

However, Tang Muxin had already burnt her bridge with the Tang family it seems. Ye Cheng can't just not help her at this point. 

As he changes the subject and offers her his bed while he sleeps on the floor, he silently thinks about the future. His parents were old but they were healthy and lively, plus the village was very close knit and could support them in his place if he left for a while. He has many connections around the villages and even the nearby towns given his wandering merchant type business, so he doesn't have much to worry about work-wise at least. Currently he has a lot of savings too...

Ye Cheng thinks quietly for a bit longer before he goes to Da Gong. Whenever he made any big decisions he liked to go talk to Da Gong about it. While the rooster can't actually communicate back other than a few clucks of agreement or disagreement, Ye Cheng always felt much better and assured afterwards. Little did he know, it wasn't just Da Gong listening in, but a certain host and system duo as well.

Jia Hyson who was still laying limply on the floor failed to hide a small smile. Ye Cheng's plan wasn't in his calculations but it definitely made his own plan much easier ah.




When Ye Cheng announces that he's planning to leave the village to expand his horizons the next day many villagers were saddened but they were not surprised. 

Many young men liked to go out of their small village if they had the chance and head to the city for better job opportunities. Those that are literate and intelligent will try to become a scholar and sit through the imperial examinations while those with poorer conditions will leave in hopes of getting an apprenticeship and learn a trade such as pottery or smithing. 

It was just Ye Cheng and a few other men from poor farmer families who stayed behind. However for those farmers it was because they had little choice but to stay and take over the farm but for Ye Cheng he was very happy in his comfortably small pond. As a merchant he can travel a little but he never ran off too far so he still was familiar with many people and places and could go home any time. 

It was quite a free and unfettered life in his opinion ah. 

So of course he did have some concerns and anxieties with his plan. However, when he looks at Tang Muxin, this girl born with a silver spoon in her mouth who had tossed it all away and now is determined to make a drastic change in her life, he felt his own worries were much smaller. 

Tang Muxin on the other hand felt both moved and guilty at Ye Cheng's decision. Even though he had assured her that it wasn't entirely based on her actions and that he was always interested in becoming a proper wandering merchant, how could she not comprehend that if it wasn't for her selfish reasons and her complete lack of general knowledge, he wouldn't have gotten so concerned over her situation that it incited him to make this decision in the first place? 

She has to change her way of life because if she doesn't she'll be sent off to the palace full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons. Given her minimal knowledge and limited strength it was pretty much sending her to her death, that's why Tang Muxin so easily gave up the wealth of the Tang family. But Ye Cheng was fundamentally different in that he is happy with his current life and has no large benefits to changing his lifestyle. Especially changing it so abruptly without ample preparation time.

His financial situation will no longer be stable, he would have to essentially live on the road, and he won't be able to take in as many strays as he pleases anymore. 

So even though Ye Cheng seems confident and showed little regret, Tang Muxin still felt flustered. This is the first time someone was being so considerate and kind to her for no underlying motives whatsoever. There was no reason to go so far for her, especially given his previous enmity. Never had Tang Muxin met someone so genuinely sincere and softhearted.

'I must pay him back somehow,' she vows as she quietly helps Ye Cheng pack up his belongings while he went out to buy any produce or wares to sell on the road. 

'How?' Jia Hyson, who was being a nice flat salted fish on top of a napping Da Gong asks. 'With your body? Because, and I can't believe I'm saying this, that's probably not a good idea given the whole 'the previous owner of my body stripped naked and screamed rape' thing that happened.'

Tang Muxin: '...' 

'You are so annoying, did you know that?' She complains telepathically. Given how much the rooster, Da Gong, loathes her very existence right now she didn't dare to speak aloud as much as she badly wishes to. She was going to be sharing a cart with that rooster for most of the journey after all, and Tang Muxin was not confident she could come out unscathed. 

'But-' Jin Bao rolled onto his tummy so his big golden eyes blinked adorably at Tang Muxin, 'I'm cute, so it's okay.'(  )

  

'...Is that so?' 

'Yes.' Jin Bao nodded adamantly and shamelessly. 

Tang Muxin was speechless. She wished that the system that initiated the soul binding contract had come with a character profile before she accepted ah. 

Even though Jin Bao is undeniably intelligent and very helpful with his ideas and manipulations, the personality was really a bit... just a bit...

The small dragon squints at her suspiciously. Unlike herself, Jin Bao seems to be more proficient in hiding his thoughts so she had trouble hearing anything that her fellow transmigrator didn't want to leak out. On the other hand, Jin Bao had no trouble hearing her own clumsily masked thoughts.

'What's wrong with my personality ah?' Jin Bao demands, 'Aiyah, I'll have you know I was one of the most popular men in China! I was known as the Beauty of the Books, rated as the top male god three years running on Duzhe!'

Bebe: '(_;) None of that is even remotely true.' 

Jia Hyson: 'Shut up! It's called establishing my character! Establishing! Character!'

Bebe: 'And your character is the most popular man in China?' 

Jia Hyson: 'I said one of the most popular ah. I may not have been top ten-'

Bebe: 'Pft... Bebe wouldn't even say top hundred.'

Jia Hyson: '...' The fact I'm rated on the list is still impressive okay? QAQ

Unfortunately no matter how handsome he is, how rich he is, or how popular his writings are, one can't beat film emperors and sport stars in popularity ah. Damn those fucking extroverts and athletic people. 

He at least got to taste a bit of that nationwide and even global popularity as Prince Farrell but it wasn't the same ah. Because as Prince Farrell he was more or less acting as an extroverted person in public in an athletic body which only proves his point further.

Fucking extroverted athletic people. ()

Tang Muxin unlike Bebe, was a little convinced by his egotistical lies. After all, his voice was very handsome, it wasn't hard to imagine an equally handsome appearance to match with it. 

Not to mention, Tang Muxin had already gathered that all the transmigrators, whether it was herself, the original protagonist Pan Shuchun, and Jin Bao, they all seem to be from slightly different worlds. Alternate universes if you will. 

In Jin Bao's world, his sister was the one who wrote this story and the dragon character had been present albeit in a very minor supporting character role that faded into the background. 

In her own world, while she can't confirm whether the author had a brother, the story she recalls really had no mention of an actual dragon save for a brief mention in an author's note that she had only remembered when Jin Bao brought it up. 

And in Pan Shuchun's case, she was a world that didn't have such a story at all as she had transmigrated completely unaware that this world was a story in itself. 

So all in all, any inconsistencies with her reality and Jin Bao's did not necessarily mean he was lying. 

Besides, would anyone really be so shameless as to tell some virtual strangers they were the top national male god three years running?

Still, she pretends not to be a little impressed by his credentials. 

'Well, now you're a dragon.' She goes back to packing. Ye Cheng didn't have a lot of stuff but they were not coming back to this house for a while so it was better to stock up as much as they could. Given the short preparation time, there were many things that can get overlooked after all and Tang Muxin didn't want to waste a single coin on something they already had but forgotten to bring. 

'What face do you have now ah? Right now the only person to regard you as a male god is a chicken.' She disses. Even though her banter was a bit stilted, she seemed to slowly be improving the more she interacted with the eccentric transmigrator slash dragon.

'Aiyah, Aiyah, you say that but that chicken can kick your ass,' Jia Hyson immediately shoots back, sticking his cute little pink tongue out and landing a critical hit to her assasin-spy pride. 'Da Gong is so good to me, your clearly just jealous bah!' 

Tang Muxin: '...' She doesn't want to admit it but she is a little jealous. 

Jealous that Da Gong wasn't the animal she spiritually bonded herself with! 

Look at that magnificent size, those glossy black feathers! The abnormal physical strength, that quiet domineering nature! Those piercing silver eyes! No matter how you look at it, Da Gong was more dragon than the actual dragon sitting lazily on top of him! 

Tang Muxin glares at the tiny skinny golden dragon who can only sell meng, hating iron for not becoming steel.

Jia Hyson who can more or less understand her thoughts: '...This protagonist is terrible, how can she disdain the cute and love-able me?' 

Bebe: '...' The only thing cute and love-able thing about you is the fact you're a baby animal. Everything else is garbage.

Jia Hyson who can more or less understand the meaning behind his system's silence: '...' Everyone is against me ah. 

Is this the price he must pay for his cuteness? If so...

Jia Hyson looks down at his thin serpentine body which was still suffering from previous malnourishment. Then he looks at the humble ancient housing of Ye Cheng's with not a trace of electricity or technology.

Well. He rather have asked to be rich instead ah. 

Jia Hyson fell into contemplative silence. 

This was like the feeling of choosing between ordering the slightly healthier fresh lemon cake and the indulgent rich chocolate cake while on a diet. After some debate you choose the lemon cake since you don't want to lose face in front of the people at the table but you find that the lemon cake was not as good as you thought and is too dry and overly sweet. Meanwhile the chocolate cake the table next door had ordered looked just as decadent and moist as it looked on the counter.

The regret one feels while not very large, is still quite long lasting ah. 

His little claw touches his snout in regret. It seems the lesson of this story is that appearances are superficial and as dry as a bad lemon cake but the indulgent power of the rich is bone deep and consistently a delight to experience like chocolate cake. 

Bebe: '...Bebe gets it.'

Bebe: 'You're fucking hungry aren't you?'

Jia Hyson: 'No...'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'I'm fucking starving ah!' A

Bebe: '...' Bebe knows this spicy chicken host too well now. Somehow Bebe seems to know Jia Hyson much better than all it's other hosts before despite only going through a few worlds with him. Bebe is currently experiencing a complex string of emotions. 

Jia Hyson: 'Wuwuwuwu I haven't had proper solid food other than that rice and bok choy from the other day okay?! Liquid diets are terrible! How are there people who voluntarily do this to themselves?!' 

He wants to eat sweet French pastries and soft Japanese cakes and drink Swiss hot chocolate! He wants Korean fried chicken, Thai massaman lamb curry with fried rice and cheesy American Pizza! He wants deep fried greasy potato chips and doughnuts and tempura!

Ancient! China! Sucks! 

Because Jia Hyson was physically still an infant, the petty but numerous grievances inside his heart finally built up and overflowed into fat salty tears. 

Even though he wasn't actually emotionally distressed, he was fairly annoyed and upset about the situation. He was a spoilt rich man who hated to wrong himself that now had to live a life that had none of the basic modern luxuries he was used to. After all, even the palace doesn't have an air conditioner. 

Honestly he was surprised Tang Muxin was taking it so well. Unlike him, she wasn't a host and her whole life will really be stuck in this era. 

The most unrealistic thing about these sort of ancient transmigration stories may not be the OP-level knowledge and skill transmigrators bring but the lack of grief and yearning for their original world.

Tang Muxin who didn't hear anything from Jia Hyson looked up from her packing and was shocked to see him crying.

Fuck! She had only teased a bit right? Even though Da Gong was indeed very cool she didn't really mean what she thought about how she wished she was bonded to a rooster instead of Jin Bao.

The slightly socially awkward assassin spy doctor felt bad all over. She had worked with rough men and tough bosses who said various crude and deplorable things on a regular basis. And even though she was trained a little for it she rarely was sent for honeypot missions given her skillset so it was fair to say her view of normality was somewhat skewed. Were regular modern men so delicate? 

Immediately she felt anxious. Jin Bao and her were bonded so they would be together for the indefinite future. It would be bad to not be on good terms with him no matter how contrasting their personalities were. 

Plus... she had never had a good friend before. Not one she could've trusted enough to hold her purse much less her anxieties and other feelings. 

Over the short term she knew him, she can understand Jin Bao is flighty, flamboyant and fickle. Very different to herself. But he was also witty, observant and knows how to make her feel comfortable. His over exuberant and frankly rather loud personality coupled with his cute body and his strangely ambitious interactions with Da Gong helped her forget and ease a lot of her discomfort after transmigrating. 

She had almost forgotten that he too, as a fellow transmigrator was also suffering the same way. 

In her mind Tang Muxin created a large brain hole that wrote at least three paragraphs worth of tragedy in the perspective of Jin Bao. With her keen logical deductions she had already determined the dragon was not only infantile in body but greatly malnourished from the physical appearance. Even though she doesn't know much about the character given it had never appeared in the story she had read, it's clear that the setting of the story is still the same which can only indicate that Jin Bao, for reasons, is possibly one of the few dragons still around. Maybe even the only one. 

Looking at it that way, Jin Bao's transmigration was the must unfortunate out of the three transmigrators and yet he seemed the most exuberant.

He clearly must have been hiding his sorrows deep down in order to help cheer her up!

If Bebe and Jia Hyson had bought a skill to see affection bars, they would have seen Tang Muxin's affection increase by at least twenty points. 

She quickly drops what she's doing to comfort him. 

Da Gong however, awakened by Jin Bao's distress, does not understand at first what is happening and fiercely pecks her when she suddenly rushes toward them. In his mind, his worm is sad and the human home wrecker was running toward them, the fight or flight response immediately kicked in and Da Gong's instinctual reaction was to protect his worm.

Luckily Tang Muxin's reflexes were still good and she managed to deftly step back and remove her person out of pecking range. 

Da Gong raises his wings up and ruffles all his feathers to try look bigger in an attempt to intimidate and get Tang Muxin to stand down. Unsure whether to laugh or cry Tang Muxin calls out to Jin Bao helplessly, "You- are you alright? I'm sorry for thinking that you weren't good," she stutters out remorsefully, "In fact you're very good, I feel happier talking to you, and I, I don't think I would have been this calm and level-headed if you weren't my companion."

Jia Hyson didn't actually know what she was talking about, his internal monologue about cake and regrets had stimulated his digestive system and has long wiped out his short term memory, but he was still a very sly man with decently high EQ so he easily played along, 'It's, it's okay,' He sniffles out while 'mrp'-ing outwardly, 'I was only a little hurt, it's just...'

'It's just?' Tang Muxin quickly switches back to telepathic communication. Even though there was only other animals in the house that couldn't spill their secrets, as a spy-assassin-doctor she naturally felt more comfortable using the most secure form of communication possible.

'Well, the truth is...' Jia Hyson coughs embarrassedly but quickly plasters on a thick face.

'Yes?' Tang Muxin leans forward, eager to help patch up their relationship as best she can.

'Wuwuwu I'm really hungry...' Jia Hyson felt his stomach grumble a bit more, it was always barely sated but thinking about all the delicious food reminded it how unbearably hungry it was. His little claws touched his stomach. The soft gurgling noise only punctuated Jia Hyson's meaning even more. 'I want to eat cake ah,'

'...'

Tang Muxin felt helpless at the cute and pitiful creature that she is unfortunately soul bonded to. It couldn't be... that he really wasn't offended by her thoughts and was only crying for food?

What national male god in the last life? This was more like the national big baby!




When Ye Cheng came back he was greeted to the sweet smell of baking. 

Tang Muxin was in the kitchen carefully pulling out some lopsided looking fao gao (prosperity cakes) under the bright eyes of all the animals in his home. Ignoring Xiao Shua the cat and Da Shen the dog who lived in the house full time, even the visiting ravens and pigeons he occasionally fed had all come to sit outside the only kitchen window to stare at Tang Muxin's cooking efforts.

When Ye Cheng entered the kitchen, numerous pairs of eyes turned toward him.

Ye Cheng: '...' 

Even though these were all his fur babies it was really quite discomforting. 

Tang Muxin, either unaware or purposely ignorant of the hungry gazes, takes her time to put the steaming hot cakes onto the nearby table. She lightly frowns in dissatisfaction. 

Baking is quite difficult in this era, usually things will be roasted, fried, deep fried or boiled. It's difficult to produce desserts like cake which require even heating. Even steamed cakes were not as easy. 

As a bit of a perfectionist, it definitely irritates her to see such unrefined dessert made by her hand. Dessert making is like chemistry and pharmaceuticals. And as an assassin slash spy slash doctor, she hasn't failed any of those subjects since she was a little girl. 

This imperfect fao gao became even less pleasing to the eye as she recalls the bitter memories of being punished by her trainers and handler for failing to uphold the expected standard. 

Too lopsided.

There are parts that are too burnt and parts that are too soggy. 

The cake looked too dense, not soft at all. 

Evaluation: No need to taste. Failure. A complete failure. 

Have to redo it a hundred times until it reaches satisfaction. Then have to do it a hundred times more. 

Even after death, her left hand trembles ever so slightly.

Seeing Ye Cheng enter, her anxiety increases. Of course, as someone who has gone through the muddy waters of the underworld, her expression doesn't show her inner feelings, only coldness and more coldness. However her left hand shook a little harder. 

"This- this isn't good, I'll redo-" She starts but immediately stops herself. Right. This wasn't modern times where flour and such were common commodities. Right now it is ancient rural times where the life of the lower class is filled with poverty and famine. Even wasting a single chicken bone can be considered something to be beaten and scolded for. 

As expected, Ye Cheng frowns, "Redo? Why redo?" 

Tang Muxin lowers her head, unsure how to answer. On one hand the cakes were failures and to say so would be telling Ye Cheng that she had wasted food. But if she offers him such ugly things to eat would he not be offended to death? 

Ye Cheng frown deepens as he noticed the strange reaction of the once noble girl. Where was her usual arrogance and pride? Even though she has changed that didn't completely sweep away her pride, merely changed it into something more dignified and restrained. However, just an ugly looking cake and suddenly she becomes meeker than an unfavored concubine in front of the patriarch. 

He felt a little distressed inside. The loss of status and wealth, he has never experienced but he's very aware reality is cruel. For those who dined in heaven, there's nothing worse being forced to fall and beg in hell. 

He had been thinking Tang Muxin was taking it all surprisingly well but maybe she was just hiding it and ignoring the reality. Seeing that she can't even bake some cakes the truth about her lack of ability must have suddenly hit her hard.

This sort of scene he has heard about from many storytellers during his travels recently. Dogblood is the big trend nowadays that can attract an audience so may storytellers will use many themes related to fallen nobility, family hatred, forbidden love, secret identity, revenge etc. 

The fallen vicious noble believes they can make a comeback but realizes after falling that without servants and status that they are nothing but roaches in a garbage pit. Even the simplest task of cleaning and cooking they can not do. It is like they are living in a completely different world. One where they are wastes who can only be scorned by others. This harsh bitter fruit they are forced to eat is too much for their noble pride and they hang themselves in despair. 

Ye Cheng, whose mind is filled with all sorts of dog blood: !!!

Even if he once wished she would die by a thousand cuts, his attitude toward life is strong and his courage toward death was weaker than a baby chicken. Ye Cheng couldn't bear to see the girl walk step by step towards suicide when she was right in front of him.

Ignoring the heat of the small cakes, Ye Cheng reaches out to snatch one and takes a big bite out of it. 

Immediately he opens his mouth, 'Ah, ah, ah!' 

Fuck, too hot!

Tang Muxin, wide-eyed and shocked, was not completely offline and quickly ran out and came back with a cup of water which Ye Cheng took gratefully. "You-" She trails off, unsure what to say.

Ye Cheng swallows the water and begins to chew the now mushy bite of cake. Once finished he smiles widely at the girl, bright and sunny and comfortingly warm, "It's delicious." He croaks out before coughing violently.

Tang Muxin: '...' Are you sure about that?

Seeing her doubt, Ye Cheng forces himself to stop coughing. "I'm serious ah, look,"

Tang Muxin turns around to see that all the animals have jumped onto the tray of baked goods, eating them happily. 

Even Da Gong, the cocky cock was pecking at it with enthusiasm.

'It really is good ah,' Jin Bao comments the moment they make eye contact. With his deep handsome voice seriously praising her, even if he was saying the sky is chocolate she would feel inclined to agree. 

Seeing the warm scene of a good looking man and a bunch of cute animals all ravenously eating her ugly cake, Tang Muxin felt moved. Even though it wasn't enough to completely rid herself of the ghosts of her childhood, it was enough to remind her that this was a new life with a new identity. She doesn't have to be perfect to be appreciated. 

Tang Muxin snatches a piece of the cake and unhesitatingly puts it into her mouth.

A bit gooey.

A bit burnt.

A little bitter.

But very sweet.

Very warm.

...

The trip had to be delayed another day due to stomach illness. 

Apparently the power of love can't win against the power of salmonella. 

"I'm so sorry..." Tang Muxin, who had only eaten a small bite was the one most affected. Ye Cheng had some problems but as a healthy villager constantly travelling and raised in the rural countryside, his immunity and resistance to bacteria is much stronger than a spoilt noble girl who barely left the clean family household.

Surprisingly, none of the animals had gotten ill. In fact, due to the innate spiritual energy, the animals had actually become a bit more energetic. Jia Hyson and Da Gong however, who were used to consuming pure spiritual energy were of course less affected. The pair decided to be good pets and spent the day rounding up the other animals to inform everyone about the delays.

Only a few animals like Xiao Shua and Da Shen were coming along, such as a fat rat known as Little Fatty, a rice paddy snake named Little Paddy and a rabbit called... Little Rabbit. 

Ye Cheng wasn't the best at names and he had too many animal friends that come and go resulting in these half-assed titles. 

The other animals were originally strays who stayed around for the free shelter and occasional meal. Though they liked Ye Cheng a lot, it was because they liked him they were unwilling to burden him on his journey. There was only one cart and one horse after all. 

Hearing they had one more day left, the other animals were very cheered up and immediately rushed into the house to sell meng and hope Ye Cheng will understand their gratitude by letting him touch and rub and play however he sees fit. Usually they would never demean themselves unless needed, especially the reptiles and birds who disliked being touched. 

Jia Hyson and Da Gong watched, bemused. 

"Ye Cheng... very nice." Jia Hyson comments mildly.

"Cluck."

[Of course.] 

...

The first village, Small Snail Village they arrived at was just in the neighboring area, a day's trip at most. Ye Cheng was the most familiar with this village and almost always comes to it first at the start of any big trip. 

Little Leaf village was more of a farming village, and produces basic but important produce such as fruit and grains and meat. However Small Snail village specializes in handicrafts and silk making. Even though it's very crude and unrefined compared to the big city stuff, to the other villages of similar status these handicrafts can sell well. Not to mention the raw silk can fetch good prices even in the city. 

After all, this sort of natural free range countryside product is considered very charming no matter the era. 

Jia Hyson and Tang Muxin listens carefully to Ye Cheng's basic introduction to Small Snail village. Given Ye Cheng's chatty nature, the man was actually a very good lecturer albeit a long winded one. Even though it was just a rundown on Small Snail village, Ye Cheng will also go onto tangents about pricing, silkworm rearing and the relationships between the other villages. Even though it was a bit hard to bear for a prolonged period of time, there was no doubt there was great educational value.

"-so, in short, we shall stay for a few days here." Ye Cheng finally stops his tirade, licking his dry lips. "You will accompany me around and I'll show you how I do business. Mainly it will just be talking with my supplier and going to the market stalls to sell what we can sell from Little Leaf. When we're free we will also visit the stalls to buy things to sell in other places."

To be honest, the job is a bit unscrupulous. Buying at low prices and selling for high and there are few vendors who are not happy with merchants who gain profit over their work. However, there is not much they can do. Unless they were willing to travel and sell like the merchants, they can only sit around and be indignant. However, if they recognise merchants they may be more stubborn and raise prices to make things more difficult. 

Ye Cheng however has managed to avoid the worst of the attitude by virtue of being so friendly. Merchants need not only a good eye, and quick thinking but also a sweet mouth. These three main skills are not only important for his job but also will help in life and so Ye Cheng intends to teach Tang Muxin these skills. If she wishes to leave, at least he will do his best to make sure no wolf by the roadside will eat her up so easy once alone.

Listening to his plan, Tang Muxin nods obediently, feeling that Ye Cheng was indeed quite far-sighted. If she was the real Tang Muxin of this world, this sort of method would have also been quite beneficial for her as well.

Unlike the original though, she didn't think she would take too long before she could start helping out and paying Ye Cheng back for his kindness,

Tang Muxin had a good eye, strong intuition and a knack for precision, observation and finding discrepancies. Not to mention she had learnt to distinguish micro expressions and is able to more or less accurately determine whether a person is lying or not. She felt confident that once Ye Cheng showed her around after a few days, she would definitely be able to have a decent grasp in determining the quality of silk cloth and handicrafts. 

Ye Cheng who still had a long lasting to the point of scarring impression of the original inhabitant, the lazy idiot Tang Muxin, deliberately kept silent upon seeing the faint confidence flash in those eyes. 

Even though he has the urge to scorn her overconfidence, after all his old hatred is still stuck in his heart and he had his own pride as a merchant that refuses to be belittled, he did not want to break this arrogance either. 

He still remembered her reaction with her first attempt at baking. That devastated lost look she tried to repress, and the way her hands tremble as if trying to hold back her emotions. This sort of reaction made it clear to him that she was at least trying to re-mold herself into a better person but Ye Cheng still couldn't help but doubt. After all, it's only been a few days at most. Anyone can change their actions for a few days but it's much harder to keep it up for a lifetime.

Aiyah, forget it, don't belittle her. This little girl will understand the true hardships of the world soon enough. There are many old shrews out there that take great effort to swindle just a few extra coppers from them and even he, who has been working for a few years now, still makes mistakes and loses profit. 

Ye Cheng felt like he suddenly had to raise a big bear child. The bear child was dumb and arrogant but recently he finds the child is actually a little soft and sensitive. The type who will announce they wish to be the top scholar in the imperial examinations but the moment they fail a test they feel upset and might even want to completely give up the dream and not study anymore. In short. Very difficult to teach. 

With some thought he makes a plan. He has chatted a lot with aunties and they like to talk about the children they've raised. Even though Ye Cheng doesn't have much practical experience, his theoretical was much much greater than most men. 

This sort of temperamental child, the type who becomes more arrogant when praised and yet loses all motivation after a loss, one has to of course be more careful with raising. Afterwards when she makes a small mistake he will make sure to scold her so she becomes more cautious and then coax her with some funny stories of his own mistakes to make her feel better. Maybe even buy her some sweets.

Ye Cheng felt very smart. 

Unfortunately, reality was cruel and three days later Ye Cheng watched Tang Muxin bargain with a vendor expressionlessly. His face for the last few days felt like it had been slapped repeatedly.

His plan, he felt was very good. Ye Cheng was assured that once Tang Muxin made her first mistake he can swoop in to humble her and then help her understand what went wrong. Classic stick then carrot approach. There seemed to be nothing wrong with his idea.

However the premise was that Tang Muxin had to make a mistake first.

Yet, not only did she manage to pick up things almost abnormally fast, her ability to recognise the worth of objects seemed to be much better than his own! Tang Muxin had even pointed out a problem with a vase he was going to buy for an expensive price! 

Is this what they call a genius?

Ye Cheng had to take a few minutes alone to swallow the envy and resentment in his heart. After all, he had suffered a lot when he first started out as a merchant, and had experienced a lot of trial and error before he finally picked it up.

If you didn't have stable suppliers, this sort of job was a bit like gambling and required luck to succeed. If you buy something and can't sell it, then you lose money and have wasted the space and energy needed to carry it around. But occasionally you can hit it big by finding a treasure in trash and earning an amazing profit with almost no cost. Unfortunately, most people will have experienced the former far more than the latter, and generally will only earn a small amount of money overall.

Ye Cheng had quite a few suppliers due to his network but they weren't stable. Lately there have been droughts and bandits, making it difficult for many businesses to produce a lot. This in turn makes their prices higher and more people are turned off by the raise causing less things being bought and the owners unwilling to produce more items due to cost. It's a vicious cycle so he's been relying a lot on the 'gambling' method, finding hidden gems from the stalls to try sell in the bigger more prosperous places closer to the city. 

His luck isn't bad and his eyes are pretty good, honed from years of hard work and experience. He had even bowed his head to many older merchants in order to learn more about the ins and outs of the job and struggled a lot to learn to read a little since he's aware literacy is very valued. So even without the suppliers his pockets were still full enough to pay for small luxuries such as fruits. 

But Tang Muxin who the entire village looked down on, who was lazy and couldn't recount the three obediences and four virtues of a woman if she tried, had managed to come out after three days learning some things in Small Snail village, and had managed to not only grasp the fundamentals easily but also found various hidden treasures such as a 200 year old ginseng, a spool of high quality silk thread that was almost translucent, and a rock that actually contained pure fucking Imperial Jade.

This can't even be called genius anymore, it's more like the incarnation of the saying 'Peng Niao flies ten thousand miles'.



After a few minutes of feeling spiteful and envious, Ye Cheng calmed down and looked at the bright side. He was not the type of person to fail to see the great Taishan mountain, and no matter how he feels about Tang Muxin he would not push that negativity onto her. 


In fact, wasn't he also reaping the benefits as her master? Even splitting it 50-50 the profit made is enough to feed Da Gong the highest quality mix of grains and vegetables for half a year. 

This wasn't a question of his own lacking abilities, the fact it was he who helped uncover such talent in Tang Muxin might be the best example of how well astute he was! 

If Tang Muxin is Peng Niao, then he is Bo Le the horse expert. 



After sorting out his mental state, Ye Cheng came back and sincerely praised Tang Muxin.

Tang Muxin was surprised. She had sensed that Ye Cheng's mood had become a bit gloomy today and was familiar with this sort of thing. After all, she had always been abnormally talented and intelligent. It would be strange if she had never experienced the poison-tipped daggers of jealousy before. 

But Ye Cheng had only gone away for a short while and had come back to his sunny optimistic self. The praise in his words no longer had even a shadow of forced happiness and fakery. 

She had seen many people who had drowned in their jealousy, unable to escape from this unfairness and their obsession of closing a gap they couldn't reach, however Ye Cheng had done it so easily.

Was his mental fortitude and attitude so good?

She felt a bit jealous ah.

But more than that, she felt extremely happy.

This man, she will acknowledge him as her good brother for life!




Meanwhile, a few streets away from Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin's thrifty shopping time, a dragon and a rooster were taking a nice leisurely stroll.

Jia Hyson chirps happily as he lightly tugs at Da Gong's feathers, indicating him to take a turn like the bird was a horse, and he was holding the reins. 

Da Gong clucks and indulgently plays along, feeling his worm is very cute when he is spoilt like this. 

His worm has also gotten a little chubbier too, no longer so light that Da Gong worries about his worm rolling off his back whenever a strong wind passes by. Thinking of the human woman's cooking which is the cause of this positive change, Da Gong was no longer so unsatisfied with her presence. 

Actually, the human woman turned out to be quite sensible ah. His human, Ye Cheng, brought her out to teach her human skills and the woman left his worm alone with him. Not to mention, when she makes food she always feeds Da Gong and the worm first out of all the other animals. 

Clearly, Da Gong must amend his previous thinking of the homewrecker. She was a good human who understands privacy and recognises his sovereignty. Plus, she didn't like to chirp and cluck as much as Ye Cheng.

Tang Muxin: '...' Before I have even gotten a boyfriend, I seem to have gotten a rooster-in-law ah.

Jia Hyson is also very satisfied with his 'saintess'. Just a few days of having the all important three meals a day plus snacks and he had finally unlocked the important foundational skills [Year of the Dragon] and [Pure Golden Dragon Blood Lineage].

[Year of the Dragon] is a passive skill that only can be activated in healthy reptiles which will naturally boost their basic physical and not so physical traits by 50%. If the body is of an actual dragon those traits will have an extra 25% boost on top of the previous 50%. Speed, endurance, defense, magic and melee... with this skill Jia Hyson will no longer be so worried about survival. 

It will also give the owner a greater affinity to similar creatures. Lizards, snakes, other dragons and related reptilian creatures will always have a good initial impression and favouribility toward a person with this skill. 

[Pure Golden Dragon Blood Lineage] is even more overpowered. However as a special bloodline type skill, it cannot be activated unless the owner has at least a drop of golden dragon blood in their bodies. If a host wanted to permanently keep this skill they would have to pay an exorbitant price of 66.6666 million p. Even if Jia Hyson somehow managed to steal this skill back, he would still have to pay the 66.6666 million in order to activate it since he doesn't have any dragon blood inside him. In short, it's probably the one skill he actively hopes he doesn't steal.

However many people would still be interested in it despite the disgustingly high price. The golden dragon in Chinese culture is the most revered, representing the emperor and symbolizing prosperity, health, wisdom and compassion. Even westerners not familiar with eastern culture will hear 'Golden Dragon Blood lineage' and immediately assume it to be a very awesome thing. 

In fact all bloodlines are awesome things. It's practically a package of great support skills in one and can also automatically boost any skills you already have that have a relation to the bloodline type. For example a Water Nymph bloodline can give you control of water, breathe underwater, an increased chance to find underwater treasure etc, will enhance the effects of any water related skills and is fairly compatible with most other bloodlines other than fire and undead related ones. 

The only downside is that it's not like clothing where you can switch it out easily, generally one can only have three bloodlines at the same time and the price to take one away is double the cost of it's original price. Not to mention, if one of the bloodlines is incompatible to another, then the best case scenario is that half their skills are rendered useless and worst case scenario is self-detonation. It's a bit like choosing a college or university degree really. 

If you want to invest in bloodlines it's better to plan long term, save, and then plan some more. There is even a bloodline consultation that will help a host determine the best bloodlines to pick according to their preferences and current job, in a given budget. They also look at your previous work results, character reviews from their system and other individuals that have previously interacted with the host, and can offer discounts if satisfied enough.

Really... really like choosing a degree in higher education ah. 

Jia Hyson shudders. What a short yet anxiety fuelled period of his life. 

Bebe: 'You know you'll have to do that again one day right?'

Jia Hyson: 'But decisions are so hard.'

Bebe: '...Do you hear that?'

Jia Hyson: 'No. But is what I'm hearing, you not giving a damn about my whining?'

Bebe: '...Yes.' 

Bebe: 'Why must you ruin everything?'

Jia Hyson: 'Cuz you suck.' (-)b

Bebe:   '...' 

Anyway [Pure Golden Dragon Blood Lineage] is really close to a god tier bloodline. After all it's a bloodline that has powers related to fortune as well as powers that improve attack and defense value of a host. However after some consideration it was set as a heaven tier bloodline. 

The grades of bloodline from highest to lowest are- god, heaven, mythical, then either immortal, demonic, supernatural or magical which are roughly ranked the same but are grouped by different attributes. 

The [Pure Golden Dragon Blood Lineage] skills that support fortune and karma is god tier but the other supporting powers which are rated mythical tier and below brought the overall bloodline rating down. Still, [Pure Golden Dragon Blood Lineage] should be considered half a step towards god tier anyway. It's a bloodline that gives the host, protagonist level luck, and not the type of luck where protagonist A finds an amazing treasure and A's whole family dies, but the sort of heaven defying luck with little karmic balance. 

To make it even easier to understand... Normal people should, in general, experience 50% good luck and 50% bad luck in their lives. Protagonists may have 60% good luck, 22% great luck, 15% bad luck and 3% extremely tragic luck. But with the [Pure Golden Dragon Blood Lineage], good luck will be around 70%, great luck 25%, bad luck 3.75% and extremely tragic luck 1.25%. 

Not to mention, the host will also be more sensitive to karma and fate. With the skill [Karmic Insight] the effects for both are boosted greatly and gives the individual almost prophetic abilities but unlike prophets who generally give out long term, vague predictions [Karmic Insight] is far more flexible. 

For example, if A has [Karmic Insight] and is arrives at a crossroads, they can look to the path on the west and be able to sense good fortune and bad karma suggesting if they go that direction they will be able to gain some wealth but at a moral cost that will come back to bite them such as stealing a treasure from corpses. 

Then they'll look at the eastern path and see a bit of bad fortune and good karma, possibly someone down this road needs something from you. Of course even if you go down the road, if you don't loot the imaginary corpses or help the imaginary person the karmic fate of course changes again.

The higher level the skill is, the further and more detailed A can see, to the point where they can determine the very actions others can make to gain the best luck, wealth and happiness. Even the simplest decision or lack of one can greatly influence things.

After all, fate is not the most straightforward thing, it is like the veins of a tree. A prophet may be able to see the most probable future at that point in time but a person with a high levelled skill like [Karmic Insight] will practically have the ability to see various futures at once. 

Anyway, the point is Jia Hyson is very happy and is equally as eager to activate [Karmic Insight]. That can be his 'thing' as a mascot character. His raison d'etre. Other than being super cute and witty of course ah. 

Bebe:   '...' 

And somewhat just as importantly, with the lineage activated, and the inherited knowledge of his ancestors , Jia Hyson can now easily understand and speak to other animals. 

Of course once the bloodline is no longer available to him he will only be able to recall the words that he had managed to proactively learn. Unfortunately with such a good golden finger it is difficult to not rely on it blindly over time. 

It's like between memorizing the encyclopedia and having access to google, once you have the convenience of the latter who the fuck wants to do the former? However if there is no Internet and no google to rely on would they remember the previous knowledge they had learnt in the sites? 

Jia Hyson who has a poor memory and attention span can confidently say- hell to the no. 

Sure they'll always be a few things people will remember due to their own personal interests but even Jia Hyson whose brain can only easily retain good stories and ideas won't be able to remember the finer details. Overall, the advantages of this universal translator golden finger is good but unless it's permanent then it can only give short term benefits. 

'Bebe, after this world...' Jia Hyson sighs, 'Sign me up for four basic animal languages courses. I want reptile, domestic fowl, feline and canine.' These were the ones he was more familiar with thanks to practical experience. It's best to consolidate it immediately once the golden finger expires. 

'Host...' Bebe is a bit moved and immediately signs him up before Jia Hyson could regret it. 

How can it not know that Jia Hyson is lazy and hated foreign language classes the most? Even in his original world, the grades for his foreign language classes were so bad the tutor and his parents had completely given up on him. The only reason Jia Hyson had even worked so hard on mastering the english language in the first place was only because American movies and other media tended to be consistently superior to domestic shows. 

Fucking chinese censorship laws. Forcing him to learn english. And also restricting people's right to access information. But, the english thing, mostly.

Jia Hyson sighs again. He never thought that becoming a host would involve so much school. 

"You okay?" Da Gong clucks, sensing his worm is a bit absentminded. Carefully he slows his pace, worried that his worm may slip and fall in it's daze.

"En," Jia Hyson smiles and pats coquettishly at the black rooster's neck. He couldn't help but feel a bit shy listening to Da Gong after the lineage kicked in. Before, Da Gong still sounded like any other rooster. But once Jia Hyson could fully understand, comprehend and distinguish between animal voices, he realised Da Gong's voice was really quite... quite handsome ah. (  ) 

Jia Hyson: 'His clucking is a bit deeper than other roosters, bit husky and his clucks are slow and clear. Even his warbles are just, ahhhh.' 

Bebe: '...' Ew.

Only it's host can use a super rare bloodline skill and make it fucking weird. 

Jia Hyson lifts his head up, eyes glowing faintly as he looks around before tugging at Da Gong's feathers, "That way please,"

Da Gong clucks affirmatively and begins to trot along. Jia Hyson gives him a soft kiss to his cheek in encouragement. Da Gong doesn't say anything in response but his feathers were a bit fluffed up and his pace had become noticeably faster. Seeing this, Jia Hyson buries his head into the soft black feathers shyly. 

Aiyah, why was this guy so cute?!  

Wasn't he meant to be the cutie? Ah, ah, ah! () How come he felt his family's Da Gong is much better than him?! 

Bebe: '...' () To be honest, Da Gong is pretty much better than it's host in every way ah. 

Right now, Jia Hyson was using his newly honed intuition to find hidden treasures. Because, come on. When you get a bloodline that can literally give you the ability to see good fortune, you just have to go treasure hunting okay? That's the rule.

Of course since it's a newly awakened bloodline that requires time and spiritual energy to produce it's full potential, Jia Hyson wasn't too skilled with using his new instincts, leading Da Gong around and around so he can try catch and follow the metaphorical scent. Fortunately his family's Da Gong is obedient and is very happy to take a 'romantic stroll' through the street with his worm. 

'How is the bloodline?' Bebe asks curiously. It's previous hosts were generally the type that preferred buying skills and items then bloodlines so other than bodies that already had a bloodline in them such as the common vampire bloodline, Bebe isn't too familiar with the topic personally. Not to mention, this golden dragon bloodline is really unique in terms of karmic powers, it would be good to get some information and submit it to the research department for some system points. 

'It's really interesting,' Jia Hyson admits, his golden eyes glowing as he looks around again, 'but it's definitely not something I can keep using for long periods of time ah.'

It can be said that the skill [Karmic Insight] is very important to the bloodline since the combination of such compatible things being active naturally produces a big boost in effectiveness. Right now it was like Jia Hyson could suddenly see all sorts of auras, not just from people, but from animals, plants, items, even the sky and the earth had a faint aura. Can even see a faint trail from them as well, like scent that lingers in the air, making the view even more colorful.

If he had the [Karmic Insight] activated to help him, he would be able to focus better on things and ignore unwanted background noise. Unfortunately without it, he can only cope through the cacophony of auras whenever he wants to look at someone's karma or luck. To put it plainly, if you want to say it kindly, it's a very artistic sight to behold, if you want to say it harshly, it's extremely headache and nausea inducing after more than a few minutes. 

Still, it was undeniably useful. He can instinctively tell between good and bad auras albeit only in a general sense and his intuition sensitivity has increased a lot. Currently there was a very strong feeling that Jia Hyson instinctively wanted to follow. While looking at the auras, it's even easier, a strong deep bronze and red aura trail, was lingering around the street. Despite the clashing of colors it cut through everything like a golden sword covered in drying blood. 

"Big boss Gong, we're going to strike it rich," Jia Hyson chirps happily, excitedly curling around Da Gong's neck and nuzzling him affectionately. To any bystanders, it really looked like the rooster is wearing a very fancy golden necklace. If the rooster wasn't the tyrant Da Gong, they would have long beaten the bird and stolen it.

"Whatever you say," Da Gong clucks dotingly. He didn't really believe the other, whether it was being a dragon or finding treasure with his new 'dragon senses' but as long as his worm says it he will also play along. It is good to see the worm happy. Besides, such an imaginative worm is very good. Very cute. (,,,,) 

Jia Hyson could now tell from the tone of the clucking that Da Gong was treating his previous explanation as the ramblings of a child. He could only shake his head helplessly and hope he can show him evidence of the truth with his new powers. Who told him to be a baby dragon in a world that is more or less a historical non-fantasy setting? He also wouldn't believe it if someone suddenly came up to him and claimed to be a dragon. 

Finally they arrived at a deserted alleyway. It was only a few meters before entering it did Jia Hyson realize that it wasn't one strong aura but two similarly strong auras overlapping each other. One had the base color of gold, tinged with a vicious dark red and the other had a steady rusted orange bronze color that had a tinge of bright gold. 

Jia Hyson was immediately excited. There's a good chance that one of those would be a legendary treasure or something equally as good. 

However there was no great legendary treasure hidden among the rubble. Only two dirty and smelly men. One was large and full of muscles and the other was skinnier in frame. However both were clearly injured, and not lightly either. 

'This is...' Bebe takes half a minute while Da Gong and Jia Hyson circle curiously around the two men. 'Ah! These are plot characters!'

'That explains the aura,' Jia Hyson inwardly mutters, heart filled with disappointment. He had wanted to use his newfound powers to fish up a treasure to show off to Da Gong and then they could sell it or maybe it would be some sort of panacea that will help Tang Muxin's weak body. 

Yet all he did was fish up some men.

He didn't exactly need superpowers for that ah.  

Bebe: '...' It's been a while since host brought up your slag past, Bebe almost forgot host was a playboy and not just a pervert into chicken beastiality.  

Jia Hyson: '...' Suddenly feeling so fucking angry right now but unsure why.




Suppressing his sudden inexplicable annoyance Jia Hyson jumps down from Da Gong's back and crawls onto the larger man's leg. Da Gong clucked, displeased but was also curious enough to follow, hopping onto the other leg of the man. 'So who are they?' 

'The one host is standing on is a rising star in the military, General Duan Mengyao. The Duan family is a noble military family with great achievements throughout their eighteen generations and are currently supporters of the third prince.

The other man, surprisingly enough is the eighth prince who should be currently allied with the crown prince at this time.' 

The general is quite prominent in the original story. It is mentioned he is silent, strong and very loyal to the third prince. He is also Pan Shuchun's first supporting male lead. 

The reason for this is very cliche. 

He engaged in a harsh battle, he got severely injured and had amnesia. Pan Shuchun as the original protagonist find him in an alleyway and picked him up using the goodness of her heart and raised him. He was moved by the kindness and became her protector. 

Unfortunately given that Pan Shuchun isn't the true protagonist and the story is unfinished, there actually wasn't much else that Jia Hyson could say about the general. With this sort of backstory that is a very typical trope to push together protagonists the general is probably a potential male lead. However his status isn't too domineering or tragic, and his screentime was smaller compared to the other men who circled around Pan Shuchun in the story. 

The eighth prince on the other hand is less prominent but no less cliche. Actually, despite not actually making much of an appearance, it could be said that he has a greater impact to the story.

Because it's rather strongly implied he is a big villain boss. 

The mother is unfavored and with commoner blood. He is a hardworking genius full of pride and ambition. While he doesn't necessarily want to be emperor he wants to at least be in a place where no one dared to look down on him. So he allied with the one person he felt was trustworthy and almost as intelligent as himself, the crown prince. 

Aka: the go to antagonist slash cannonfodder in most imperial harem intrigue stories. 

Typical of the crown prince who is arrogant and even more arrogant behind his kind facade, he secretly hated the eighth prince who was a peerless genius. Under the guise of friendship and brotherhood, the crown prince treated the eighth prince like a cow and horse, squeezing out as much as he felt was enough before throwing the eighth prince away. 


However, it wasn't enough to throw the eighth prince away, he had to make sure the other couldn't counterattack. Frame him. Cripple him. Let him experience the common people's life that he rightfully belongs to. 

Pan Shuchun picked up the general but she never picked up the eighth prince who ended up living as a beggar for two years. In Pan Shuchun's story, other some background and lasting impressions, the eighth prince never appeared. But in Tang Muxin's super long story which took forever and had a weird amount of timeskips, the eighth prince finally managed to crawl his way back to the palace after the two years and was treated like a joke and a waste to everybody. 

Half a year later, Tang Muxin entered the palace to try cure the poisoned emperor and solve the mystery. 

During that time the suspects were all the royal family, some high ranking ministers and the harem. The reclusive eighth prince who is stuck in a wheelchair and the crown prince who is a two faced, impatient tyrant were the most suspicious. 

The collective reader IQ for those who read this story till the end was not high so many more or less believed the crown prince did it given the scant clues and implications before the story was dropped.

However Jia Hyson could easily infer from reading the premise a few times that in this case the crown prince should be innocent and the blackhearted eighth prince is the true mastermind that wants to frame the crown prince. 

Most likely the story goes- Tang Muxin finds clues and accuses the crown prince, the crown prince gets punished, most likely beaten and exiled or something, later on in the story Tang Muxin discovers a clue that goes against her previous accusation, enter the true villain the eighth prince, male lead who has been soy sauce this whole time finally (hopefully) does something important, imperial politics and fighting, eighth prince loses and either dies or commits suicide, happily ever after. 

They had never described the betrayal that lead to the eighth prince's blackening, which, honestly is probably something the author never even thought of properly hence the super vagueness of it all. Meaning that the world's consciousness most likely had to make up it all up using the law of parsimony, aka Occam's razor, aka the least effort is the best way. 

Looking at the two characters of varying importance in the same alleyway, all messed up and unconscious, Jia Hyson felt he knew what happened even without Bebe consulting its [World Encyclopedia]. 

The general went on a secret investigation misson, got injured and lost his memory in a small rural village. The eighth prince was sent on a 'simple trip' by the crown prince which was actually framing him and shoving him into a trap resulting in the prince becoming injured and crippled in a place filled with poor commoners. Both things happened roughly around the same time. Very convenient to smoosh the two poorly described events together.

Jia Hyson: '...Does that mean in the original original story Pan Shuchun saw two half dead guys in an alley, and only picked up one?'

'Eh, there's all sorts of things the world's consciousness can do to avoid this sort of mishap.' If Bebe could, it would shrug. It is a veteran that has seen many tricks of various world consciousness. 'The eighth prince is dressed a bit better, can get the attention of bad hooligans who drag him away. The general can temporarily wake up and stumble away into a different alley because he knows he has to get a distance away from the other to increase his survivability. If really lazy, the world's consciousness can conveniently make the alley darker than usual or throw garbage onto the eighth prince to hide him before Pan Shuchun came to pick up the general.'

Jia Hyson listens with interest as he starts to crawl up the general's chest, his sharp claws further ruining the man's dirty clothing. However Jia Hyson wasn't really interested in checking out the general's chest right now, climbing further up and disregarding any concept of personal space as he steps all over the man's already bruised face to sit happily on his head. Even though he was tired but the workout he was very satisfied with himself.

Jia Hyson: 'Ha, it turns out I can top even in this form lol.'()

Bebe:   '...You did all that for such a stupid joke?'

Jia Hyson: 'Nah, I just figured it would be fun to climb him.'  

With his passive dragon skills that unlock more of his instincts, Jia Hyson has quickly started to slowly notice weird urges like wanting to climb high things or hoarding. 

Da Gong clucks unhappily below him. "Baby come back. Baby will get dirty."

"Don't wanna," Jia Hyson refuses in a spoilt tone. He was enjoying the height and found it quite enjoyable to mess around on this man's head. It's especially funny to use his very flexible prehensile tail to play with the handsome general's face, pinching his cheeks and smoshing them so he can make kissy goldfish faces.

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe. Squishy, squishy.'( )

The rooster looks disdainfully at the dirty man. His curiosity had quickly turned into one of disgust and disdain as he watches his worm play with the human so uninhibitedly. "He's so smelly and ugly. Tch, this human probably has a disease."

Seeing Da Gong guzzle a pint size jar of vinegar, Jia Hyson felt like a hundred arrows have pierced his heart. Before he could only read the subtitles but now he can clearly discern the sulking tone filled with grievances and jealousy. The effect is improved twofold and Jia Hyson's fragile slutty heart can't take the damage. 

"Brother Gong don't be like that," he coaxes, his chest filled with sweetness. "You will always be my favorite ah,"

Da Gong stares at his playful little worm looking at him with bright, warm eyes before pointedly looking away and kicking the dirt on the ground. "...Tch." 

Jia Hyson could probably vomit out honey with how much sweetness his family's rooster is feeding him. His claws twitch. Fuck. He finally understands the appeal of the tsundere. 

So fucking cute. Why were they not human? He can't even emotionally vent this pent up happiness through sex right now! He wanted to, wanted to-!

Bebe watches as it's usually slaggy host bit his claws, squealing into his little paws like a teenage girl fangirling over her idol, while his tail started wagging subconsciously like an excited dog. It felt that it's host was acting strange in regards to Da Gong. Even though Jia Hyson has expressed affection for Drake and Sefu, as well as express some interest in the other personas, he's never really acted so... in love before. 

This sort of constantly blushing, easily excitable and sticky state, Bebe had never seen it before. After all this was the slag host who claimed to love Sefu but relished in hurting him, pushing his buttons, flirting with other people and giving him green hats for x years. Even after they got together Jia Hyson still remained more or less the same except the green hat thing. Sefu spent a lot of his lifetime only getting the upper hand in the bedroom. 

Bebe felt like the only thing that could cause such a change in romantic response must be the lack of eroticism in the relationship. 

In Bebe's opinion, Jia Hyson's view were naturally skewed at birth. For him, love was probably something like 50% sexual attraction, 10% mutual respect and dependence, 35% compatibility and 5% emotional fulfillment. To put it nicely, Jia Hyson is looking for a partner that fills his sexual appetite and has personality that works well with his own. To put it crudely, Jia Hyson just wants a living sex toy that is interesting enough that he won't get tire of it until death. 

Once you take the factor of sex away, the weight of emotion in his heart will naturally become bigger to compensate. Jia Hyson this slag man child has probably never handled such pure romantic love before and was at a loss at how to deal with it. He can't vent through sex, he can't tease with Da Gong in his usual flirtatious manner and he doesn't have the capabilities nor the heart to bully a rooster. 

Hence. This. 

Unable to take the almost itchy, ticklish feeling inside him anymore, Jia Hyson energetically jumped off the general's head toward Da Gong. Da Gong squawks in shock and quickly tries to be his best to be a soft landing for the small dragon, sitting down and lying flat on the ground with his wings spread to increase the surface area and the chances for his worm's safety.

Luckily with the new passive skills, Jia Hyson's reflexes have improved greatly and his mastery over his reptilian body had also increased. Not only did he not miss his landing, he even had the ability to aim for the rooster's neck, deftly grabbing it and using the momentum his elongated body to swing around the neck and encircle it in a full body hug. This sort of amazing almost fairy like movements was like a gold medal gymnast in the cuddle Olympics. 

"Hugs!" Jia Hyson chirps, body wriggling and impatient hands petting everywhere. He can't help it. It was like he needed to be close to Da Gong, touching his soft feathers, enjoying his warmth and feeling his breathing. Only then could the itching desire in his heart be a little sated. But it was only a cup of water against a house fire. 

In truth, he really just wanted to, wanted to-

Really wanted to rip his cute rooster's fragile throat ah- ( >  < )

Bebe: ...

Bebe: ???

Bebe was partly correct in it's theory. However Jia Hyson had one more, very important thing that has to be factored into calculating his love- that is, his inherent desire for sadism and violence. 

It was the ugliest part of his heart that he hid tightly away. Drake never really experienced it, but Sefu had been emotionally abused as Jia Hyson purposefully paraded bed partners after bed partners in front of him, relishing in the anguish and discomfort of his turtle like love interest. Even Li Guiren and Tian Shun had some exposure to it, or they wouldn't have become as twisted and insecure as they were under his care. 

He likes to hurt people. He likes to comfort them. The act of breaking them and then fixing them up. The dependency. The trust. The control. 

Sometimes Jia Hyson will look at his loved ones and imagine dark things, terrible things. Only by exhausting his emotions through passionate, stimulating sex, or venting through his writings and pushing those morbid thoughts into written word, could he feel like his mindset had been temporarily cleansed. 

However right now there was nowhere to vent these emotions filled with excitement. Not through sex, not through writing, and so only the thought of destructive violence remains. 

He wants to curl around Da Gong's neck and slowly squeeze it with his whole body, he wants the rooster to feel his love literally choke him. He wants to bite down and taste the blood that flows through this adorable creature, to have a part of him inside himself. He wants to let his claws sink inside the strong yet fragile body, to touch inside of him where no one else has touched, before ripping it to shreds. 

He wants it all, he wants to ruin him, destroy him but he can't, he can't bear to hurt Da Gong who seems so strong but in reality, compared to himself, is so breakable.

Dragons are possessive and have an inherent primitive violence in them that they take mental training to subdue. Jia Hyson who has awakened these instincts of course has no such training. Fortunately he is a host and his life spent in human society with strict laws is enough to more or less push back that inherent violence with logic and self awareness. Unfortunately, Jia Hyson himself is quite an amoral human being with various mental issues he's hidden under masks and lies and years of self discipline.

Silently he sighs in irritation. This would have been so much easier if they were both human and capable of sex. Then again, he might not have felt this strongly in the first place if he was human ah. 

Like Bebe he had more or less figured out something was a little different with his mental state. His libido was a large part of his lifestyle. It is one of the main forms of his stress relief as well as an outlet for his less savory inclinations. With it gone, it's to be expected some cracks will show and alter his mental stability, especially with these new skills subtly altering his behavior.

Well, with all the jokes and sarcasm pushed aside, a man who has a skill like [Psychotic Break] and [Corrupter of Children] is naturally not a normal man. 

Jia Hyson sighs. He hopes he doesn't need to get a therapist after this. Without the coupons, those appointments are so goddamn expensive. Like real therapy. Not to mention, it would be a frankly embarrassing situation to explain. 

Bebe: 'Bebe sees..' So in the end, host is like a horny dog- if he couldn't have sex, he would become destructive. 

Jia Hyson: 'Oh shut up, that's such a rude thing to say after my serious monologue about my underlying mental health issues.'

Bebe: 'You're not denying it.'

Jia Hyson: 'Still rude. For being so insensitive, I'm revoking your gaming privileges.'

Bebe: '...' What are you, Bebe's motherboard?

Jia Hyson: 'And I'm taking away your access to our data plan for a month.'

Son Bebe: '!!!' Motherboard! Bebe's sorry! QAQ

Despite the initial indignation, Jia Hyson knew Bebe was just trying to distract him from his current mood. The usual banter did help slightly, however it was like the off putting feeling of having to hold back your words during an argument. It's a lingering complicated irritation under the skin. Jia Hyson who was wrapped around Da Gong's neck dug his claws into his own wrist. The pain helping distract his mind a little more from going anywhere too dark.

"Baby?" Da Gong clucks confusedly as he felt the small body tighten around his neck. Instinctively he felt his little worm's attitude was a bit off though he couldn't comprehend it well. He looks down and is startled to see his worm hurting himself! 

Da Gong:  !

Flapping his wings in panic, Da Gong quickly recollects himself and uses his wingtips to brush against the little dragon's scales. Only the faint tremble of his feathers betrayed his anxieties.

However, this display of affection was counterproductive to Jia Hyson who was converting his emotional response to cuteness into violence. The urge was growing strong his old skill [Malevolent Intent] which recycles the user's negative emotions and malicious thoughts into energy, had passively turned on. On the bright side, at least he was getting some free spiritual energy out of all this ah.

Tensing his body, Jia Hyson tries to ignore the soft caresses filled with sweet emotions and the bubbling warmth brewing in his heart. And when he says bubbling warmth, he means the bubbling warmth that comes with wanting to fiercely maim from the sheer cuteness of it all. 

His claws dig even deeper to his arms, piercing his scales and flesh. Even though his dragon blood faintly glowed gold, it still carried the same base scent as all blood. Da Gong who is very familiar with that scent immediately became even more alarmed.

Without thinking, he squawked, "Little worm! What are you doing?!"

Jia Hyson who was trying to hold himself back: '???' 

Eh?

Eh??

What the fuck did he just call me?

Little worm?!

Suddenly, Jia Hyson no longer felt the rooster was very cute anymore. Though strangely enough, the urge to maim was still there.




Jia Hyson was so upset at this new revelation that he no longer had the capacity to think of other things. 

A worm? His Da Gong thought he was a worm?

Isn't he the cutest dragon? Didn't he ask to be the cutest?

Where the fuck is his cuteness?! 

So in shock he immediately stopped self harming and slipped off Da Gong's neck, scuttling backward so the rooster can see all of his indignant adorable glory. 

He takes a deep breath and then,

"Kreee!!!??" He screeches. 

Sometimes animals will produce specific sounds for the sole reason of conveying an emotion or an idea. Fear. Discovery. Hunger. 

Or, in this case, the sound of being deeply offended to the core. 

Unfortunately, only other dragons will instinctively comprehend and decipher the meaning of this sound. 

Da Gong stares unblinkingly at his little worm with little comprehension. The worm was using its tiny limbs to hold it's body almost perfectly horizontally parallel to the ground. Only the tail was raised upwards, making his worm look more like a hissing kitten than a worm. 

However compared to Xiao Shua, that annoying fat cat, his worm was indeed much better to look at, even when obviously angry. 

Xiao Shua: '...' Wow. Suddenly shot out of nowhere.  

Seeing that his little worm seemed to have no signs of stopping, which is quite impressive given how small his lung capacity must be, Da Gong patiently gave the small thing some time to screech a bit before picking it up with his beak and letting the worm dangle there.

Jia Hyson: '...' 

Didn't see that coming ah.

Now that Jia Hyson had stopped, Da Gong carefully placed him back on the ground. "Better now?"

"...I'm not a worm." Jia Hyson finally says, voice soft and sulky. To a human's ears the voice would be soft, a mix of displeased hissing, impatient chirping and the underlying throaty quality that comes from purring. It is a unique yet endearing sound. 

To Da Gong, it was the equivalent of a milky child's voice, sweet yet petulantly spoilt. Da Gong liked it a lot and felt that anything his worm said with that voice must be agreed with. 

"You're right baby," Da Gong clucks dotingly, lowering his head to rub against the other's, "I was in the wrong, you're not a worm. Forgive?" 

"Do you think I would forgive so easily ah?" Jia Hyson sneers, "How long have you thought I was a worm? Do you think I am so weak?"

Da Gong stopped rubbing. Straightening his posture Da Gong stands up and stares calculatingly at his haughty worm with his silver eyes. His worm seemed very upset and didn't look open to explanation. The best thing to do is...

With only some hesitation, Da Gong laid down, then rolled onto his back with his wings splayed out. His legs were bent close to his body but he gave a few tentative kicks as he adjusts his neck so Da Gong could see his little worm. Softly he clucks.

"Forgive?" 

Jia Hyson: "..." Turns out he's pretty weak ah. 

This isn't fair! Selling meng was too much ah! ( >  < )

Chickens don't actively sell meng so Da Gong, using his higher than average intelligence, decided to mimic the cats and dogs who loved to act cute. Even though he used to disdain such vulgar shameless behaviour, now for his worm Da Gong even wiggled his body and tried to stick his tongue out of his beak. 

To other people this may look like a silly humorous sight but to Jia Hyson who has somehow been bewitched by this rooster despite physically and mentally being a different species to him, felt this was adorable beyond words and was instantly moved. 

Immediately he runs over and hugs Da Gong with his whole body, "Forgive ah!" 

However he was too excited and his claws had subconsciously pierced the birds flesh in his excitement. 

Da Gong stiffens for a moment before relaxing, giving his worm a considering look. It seems his worm was stronger than he had thought. That was good. At least he didn't have to worry too badly about his baby being bullied by any wandering rooster. 

Jia Hyson, after seeing how he had harmed Da Gong quickly panicked and released his hold. An instinctual sound of worry and fear rumbles in his throat as he sees how the bird's feathers were slightly wet with blood. 

Feeling guilty he hesitantly followed his instincts and licked the wounded areas. His snout scrunched up in disgust, no matter how clean Da Gong tries to be it's impossible to be really clean in this era, especially after walking around the dusty streets. It was like sticking one's tongue into someone else's unwashed hair. No matter what it wasn't pleasant in any way. 

However animals don't just lick their wounds for fun ah. Saliva has enzymes that not only have some blood clotting properties but lysozyme which helps fight bacterial infections. As a dragon his saliva should be much more impressive. 

His claws weren't large but they were sharp and Jia Hyson knew that he had really tore the flesh. Of course it's not just that he was responsible for those injuries, if it was anyone else he might not even give up a sliver of guilt much less wrong himself to help them. It was because he truly liked Da Gong he was willing to endure his disgust to try treat him the best he could. 

Still, if Bebe wasn't such a spicy chicken he would have liked another option other than this ah.

Bebe: '...' Sorry we don't sell chicken related magical healing products.   Somehow that never came up in the last R&D meeting. 

Or the past billion meetings really.

The pills were mainly created specifically for human consumption. Higher level pills would be for higher level entities such as cultivators, demons, and other mythical beings. Due to popular demand there were dog, cat and even fox friendly varieties at least but for normal, non-magical, non-demonic domestic fowl they really never thought of determining the right prescription for them. 

Sure they had healing items and artifacts that can heal anything, including chickens, but those were out of their pay grade right now. 

At most they can afford some bandages that will staunch the bleeding and heal the covered wound three times as fast but then they would have to explain where they got such bandages in the first place. 

As he began to lap up the blood Jia Hyson felt something was strange. 

The blood... wasn't it a little too tasty ah?

'Da Gong has been absorbing almost the same amount of spiritual energy as you,' Bebe explains, sensing it's host's confusion and faint horror, 'While he hasn't absorbed as much, it's enough for him to be considered a very low tiered spiritual beast now. Plus, Da Gong is still a prey animal, it's no wonder host finds him so delicious.' 

To be honest, if there was someone who had the balls to kill and cook Da Gong they probably would find that the quality of this rooster's meat would surpass any others, red or white meat. In simpler terms... he's like the matsusaka beef of chickens. 


Swallowing the saliva that had filled his mouth after one taste of that delectably spiritually rich blood Jia Hyson felt the incredible malice of the universe. Not only was he sort of romantically interested in a rooster and had trouble suppressing his violent inclinations toward him, but now Jia Hyson even had the strong desire to eat him. 

Jia Hyson: '...I have to say, out of all my relationships, this may be objectively the most messed up.' 

After all, he may have done a lot of things with his partners but eating them, or at least wanting to eat them, has certainly never been one of them ah.

"Baby?" Da Gong, who was enjoying the intimate behaviour that comes with trusting another animal to lick his wounds, was puzzled the little worm had stopped so quickly. He had barely had time to register the tiny, warm wet tongue wriggling past his feathers and against his sensitive skin. "Baby, what's wrong?"

Jia Hyson felt a little torn. On one hand, he should help Da Gong with his wounds, but on the other hand, if he helps anymore he may just end up eating him instead. It's already quite hard to keep himself in check, and after his previous state of starvation not too long ago, his self control when it came to food was much weaker as well. 

Bebe also felt a bit helpless. After all, this sort of ridiculous situation... it had really never encountered such a thing before. 'What about,' Bebe hesitates for a moment before tentatively offering, 'With host's permission Bebe can administer a small shock to your nerves if you lose control?' This sort of thing was looked down on for systems since it was a very ugly and inhumane function that many rogue systems in the past had used to control their hosts. Nowadays every system has an inbuilt consent program but most systems naturally dislike hurting their hosts in such an unnecessary manner so it's nearly never brought up. 

Even though Bebe felt it was a viable solution, it can't help but feel uncomfortable to even suggest it. 

Jia Hyson also was naturally hesitant. After all, who would feel happy granting permission to allow someone free reign to administer shock treatments to them? However he trusted Bebe to not abuse this power and agreed after some thought. 

Comforted, that he no longer posed a danger to Da Gong, he began to lap up the bleeding. Even though the feathers ruined the whole thing somewhat, Jia Hyson still found himself immersed in the delicious taste of blood. His body was still quite small so even though the wounds weren't big it was enough to swallow a few mouthfuls. 

It was really too good, Jia Hyson hadn't felt so sated for a long time. Tang Muxin's cooking was good but maybe because this was still the beginning of the story, her 'halo' was not fully matured and so her food did not have a large amount of spiritual energy compared to the syringes of pure energy he had previous consumed. Not to mention Ye Cheng wouldn't be able to afford meat everyday so a lot of the food consisted of rice and vegetables. 

Da Gong's blood was not only fairly concentrated in spiritual energy but had a rich meaty taste that satisfied both the bloodlust and the predator in Jia Hyson.

Da Gong who was on the receiving end of such an intense and passionate licking lowered his head embarrassedly and 'tch'-ed. 

He felt very shy. Even though they were unconscious there was still humans around! This was in public! And it was still in the middle of the day! 

However.. he didn't hate having such a shameless worm. (,,,,) 

As a pseudo-low grade spiritual beast Da Gong's wounds of course would heal much faster than a normal bird's. Not to mention he was already abnormally strong and resilient before, so it only took less than half an hour before there were signs of healing already showing. Jia Hyson was a bit surprised and a little bit disappointed. He took one last lick before reluctantly pulling away. 

Da Gong was also unhappy. He didn't notice anything strange since he had always been a bit of a fast healer. If anything he silently lamented his greatness. If he wasn't born with such an amazing physique for a rooster then wouldn't his worm still be flirting with him? Such a shame ah.

Now that the 'lovey dovey' atmosphere had cleared away, the two animals focused on the humans present. 

"These guys seem useful, Boss Gong I want to bring them to Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin." Jia Hyson decides. His intuition as an author told him these guys will make the story quite interesting. At best they'll be important supporting male leads, at worst at least they'll have some foreshadowing to what's to come. 

"Tch, fine." Da Gong was no longer guzzling vinegar after his worm had so blatantly showered him with affection in front of those two men so he felt these humans were no longer so disgusting to look at and agreed. He even felt a little sympathy for these humans.

These two humans look like adult males and yet in the middle of the day they were sitting in a dirty alley alone, injured and possibly inebriated. Da Gong had seen a few male animals like this. Because they were too unappealing they were isolated from the flock and had to sit by the side and do their best to amuse themselves. These were the males who will never be able to find their little worm.

Da Gong clucked and shook his head pityingly. How pathetic.

The two beaten single dogs, General and Eighth Prince: '...' Seriously, can these guys just leave?

"How do you want to handle this?" Da Gong gives both men a once over. No matter how tyrannical he was, a rooster couldn't carry a grown man. Even though he felt he had gotten even stronger these past few days it was still impossible to even think of. After some thought he suggests, "Why don't I call one of my lackeys to help us? There's always some nearby ah."

When Da Gong said lackeys he was referring to all the animals in the village. It would be much simpler to get one of the horses or goats to help out in this sort of situation.

Jia Hyson shook his head, "No need," He says confidently, "I got this."

Da Gong: '...'

It's cute when his worm is so overconfident.

However Jia Hyson was actually quite serious.

The skill he gained in the second world [Psychic Terror] was currently at level four. Jia Hyson had met the conditions for the previous levels when he was playing with the lives of his victims using this skill in the second world. He hadn't had a need nor an excuse to use it in the third world but in this world where he plays a mythical creature he can freely use it. 

Unfortunately it does take quite a bit of energy to exert so he hadn't dared to use it till now. Revitalized with spiritual energy and with his new activated skills that will assure his health and vitality, he no longer feels so stingy about using his old special skills. 

Plus, after that insult, he really wanted to show off to his family's rooster.

Little worm! Ah, ah, no matter what he was still so angry! His sister's a little worm! His whole family are little worms!  

Even though the name was enough to snap Jia Hyson out of his previously problematic thoughts, how could he be happy? If he was human he could show how big his worm really is! 

Bebe: '...One, ew, Da Gong is still a rooster and that's sexual harassment. And two, you're slightly above average, what on earth is host boasting about?' 

Jia Hyson: '...' That first point is fair but the second point is literally below the belt. 'So hurtful, don't you know my pride and joy has given so much to society? How can you say it's only slightly above average?'

Bebe: 'Hehe.' Whatever you say, slag man. 

"Watch this ah," Jia Hyson chirps, faking casualness. Using [Psychic Terror] he focuses on the general who was unconsciously sitting with his back against the wall. With the skill at level four he should be able to lift human beings with only some strain. However he forgot he was rusty after not practicing and still in the body of a baby, meaning that it would be impossible for him to utilize this skill well on the first try. 

So what happened wasn't the awe inspiring, heaven defying show he wanted to give. To be honest the effect wasn't underwhelming per say, it's just a bit-

Under the power, General Duan Mengyao's head was slowly lifted up, and then... almost violently shoved to the side. The side of his face eating shit on the dirty alley floor. 

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: '...'

Unconscious General: '...'

If that guy turns out to be the male lead he's probably got an even worse halo than Zheng Jinhai ah. 

No. Even if Zheng Jinhai got battered to the point his skull became an eggshell, it was undeniable that at the very least he always looked handsome and never ugly. At the very least his face has never face-planted on the ground in such an unsightly manner. 

Bebe: 'Bebe has recorded this and will now insert the caption: When your host is such a dumbass.' 

Jia Hyson: 'Does the general represents the system's reaction to the host or the host being so much of an idiot he can't even sit properly?'

Bebe: 'Does it matter?'

Jia Hyson: 'Haha no, it's not my face on that gif after all.'

Bebe: 'Haha so true.'

The unconscious general: '...' Even unconscious he can feel great malice from the universe. 

The unconscious eighth prince: '...' I am just a humble dying prince, please don't look this way ah. 

Da Gong clucked disdainfully, "This human really must be a drunkard. Look, can even slam his face onto the floor like that. Tch, he must be completely out cold. Tch, tch, let's just go baby." His previous pity and goodwill was gone. This human was too ugly, he's afraid his human may get affected by the stupidity. 

However, Jia Hyson was unwilling to give up looking cool. He had enough energy to spare for a few more tires. Da Gong was convinced the previous action was due to drunkenness, at the very least he has to prove that it was due to his own abilities! Just some floating of the arm or something... 

"Wait, let me just," Jia Hyson squinted his eyes, concentrating on the general's arm closest to himself. Slowly and unsteadily he managed to lift it up while the man was still slumped over with his face in the dirt, a clearly unnatural position. He made it wobble and wave a few times before giving Da Gong a triumphant look, "See? Look! I'm doing that!" 

Because he looked away for praise, the limb fell down and the other side of the general's face that wasn't in the dirt received an awful backslap from his own hand.

The unconscious general: '...' Seriously, did I kill your whole family ah? What grudge do you have against me?

The unconscious eighth prince: '...' Thank fuck it's not me ah.

"Did you see? Aren't I great?" Jia Hyson continues to pester, his tiny limbs lightly hitting Da Gong's body coquettishly with bright eyes.

Da Gong who could only see a drunkard trying and failing to blindly pull himself up, could only chokingly cluck, "...Wao so amazing, my baby is the best."

It was better to give his little worm some face and keep him happy ah. 

"Mn," Jia Hyson's little chest fills with pride, eyes shining brightly. It made Da Gong's heart flutter. 

Though he didn't really believe his little worm, when he's that cute how could he be wrong? And if he is wrong then Da Gong will make it right!

"Why don't you try on the other human?" Da Gong dotingly suggests, "That one is a bit smaller, you won't have to strain yourself as much baby."

The unconscious eighth prince: '...' QAQ

...

In the end they, as in Jia Hyson, finally gave up on moving the bodies. Instead Da Gong suggested Jia Hyson wait there while he goes to bring Ye Cheng and the homewrecker to do the dirty work. It'll bring less attention than getting animals to carry them anyway.

While he was reluctant to leave his worm with these unconscious possibly drunk humans, Da Gong had turned the little abacus in his head and decided it was the best option. If his worm left he may get bullied by passing humans and animals, but if they left together the humans might do something to the drunkards and his worm would be unhappy. Da Gong leaving was the quickest and most efficient way.

Of course the true best course of action would be to leave these ugly humans to die in the alleyway. The more Jia Hyson had played- ahem done his best to move the men, the more humiliating their situation became and the more Da Gong's impression of them fell. Now the rooster really didn't want those men near his humans. Even the home wrecker. 

These men were too embarrassing, he was very reluctant to take them under his wing and tell others that they were a part of his humans. 

At least his worm seems to like them ah. 

Da Gong was like a bloodhound and quickly found Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin. At this point they were practically carrying all sorts of hidden treasures despite it only been a few hours since they had separated with their animal friends. 

"Oh hey buddy, where's Xiao Bang?" Ye Cheng immediately crouched down to stroke Da Gong's head.

Tang Muxin: '...' I wonder when I should bring up that his name now is Jin Bao?

Her mouth twitches. She had almost forgot Ye Cheng still referred to the little dragon with such a tacky name. Unfortunately this topic of telling someone they've been saying the wrong name all this time was a bit awkward, not to mention in this case, a bit hard to explain.

Da Gong, unaware of Tang Muxin's thoughts just clucks impatiently. He bites the hem of Ye Cheng's robe and tugs twice before leaving, indicating they follow.

Ye Cheng, used to this behaviour merely shrugs and gestures Tang Muxin to follow as well. Tang Muxin nods, silently swallowing down her praise. She was very impressed by Da Gong's intellect but she felt that if she voiced it the rooster may disdain her for stating something so obvious. 

...She was already too used to those looks these past few days ah. 

When they arrived, Jia Hyson was sitting on top of the eighth prince's buttocks which was raised up to the sky. 

The poor prince, after being manipulated by Jia Hyson's [Psychic Terror] was now in a very embarrassing position of being on his knees and having his face completely eating shit on the floor in a () pose. 

Of course, the general wasn't much better off either. He was stuck in a sloppy (  ) pose that looked especially vulgar in his ripped, dirty clothes and unkempt hair and beard. 

Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin: '...'

The now conscious General and Eighth Prince: '...'

Yes. a few seconds before Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin arrived the two men finally woke up after being physically manipulated to such an extent. However they truly wished they hadn't after realising their positions. 

Da Gong, who no longer viewed these men as 'men' didn't feel any jealousy that his little worm was on top of another man and even joined the fun by flapping his wings and sitting on the eighth prince's legs. Facing his human he clucks and uses his wing to hit the eighth prince's thighs to indicate imperiously that he wanted to bring these men back with them. His aura and attitude was like a CEO at a jewellery store, telling the clerks that he'll buy the whole store out for his baby.

Store clerks Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin: '...' 

Luxury products General and Eighth Prince: '...'

It could be said, this may be the general and eighth prince's darkest history.




In the end, with much reluctance, Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin brought the men to the inn they were staying at. They didn't know if it was from the embarrassment or the injuries but the pair of unfortunate men had passed out the moment they reached the threshold of the inn, becoming dead weight that required some good Samaritans to help them with.

Tang Muxin was naturally the most reluctant to bring the pair in apart from Da Gong. She didn't trust people easily and is naturally a wary person given her upbringing. Jin Bao by virtue of being a fellow transmigrator who was in a weaker position made it easier for her to feel close to, and Ye Cheng was vouched by Jin Bao.

She was happy with this small group of friends that she had somehow been integrated into. Ye Cheng was kind, simple and sunny. Jin Bao was a bit strange but he was funny, insightful and weirdly cute albeit exasperating at times with some of the thoughts in his head. Da Gong was domineering and a little intimidating but had accepted her a little as a rival where they would often compete in silly races that made her feel childish yet giddy. 

Tang Muxin had never had real friends before. Now that she had some she wasn't willing to take the chance of altering the relationship dynamic by introducing two random strangers. Even when Jin Bao told her that these were plot characters, she didn't really want to agree. She was a little curious sure, but it wasn't like she had planned to get involved with the plot in any way anyway. 

It was only after seeing Ye Cheng, this kindhearted idiot, who had noticed the men's injuries and unhesitatingly knelt down to check on the extent of them, did Tang Muxin stop herself from saying anything. 

Ye Cheng was too nice. He would even help the person who had scarred him both mentally and physically much less strangers in need. If she said anything she was afraid that he wouldn't want to be friendly toward her anymore. 

...Loneliness is so much colder after experiencing warmth.

Luckily, Ye Cheng may be a typical bleeding heart, but he's still sterner toward humans than animals. Though he trusted Da Gong's intuition, he wasn't stupid enough to bring back two strangers blindly. After dumping them into the hotel room he clumsily wrote a message for them in case they woke up and left to gather information. 

Tang Muxin followed along and was surprised by just how large Ye Cheng's network was. Maybe it was because he was very familiar with the village but it was still impressive how willing everyone was to answer his questions. As an ex-super spy slash assassin slash doctor she had experienced various ways to gain information. 

Secrets were secrets because no one wants to talk about them and sometimes even easy to answer questions could be a hassle to pull out from people's mouths. Sometimes it's due to being threatened by someone, sometimes they have their own secrets indirectly related to the revelation of another such as seeing the murderer's face while out with a mistress, and most of the time it's just unwillingness and lack of trust. 

However Ye Cheng with his naturally friendly and chatty disposition made people feel comfortable and relaxed. Not to mention his appearance was good and not in the intimidating way, a very simple, handsome fellow, making one naturally feel a good impression toward him. Even strangers and passing travelers were willing to spare a few words and thoughts. 

It took just over an hour but Ye Cheng managed to piece together some basic information. The two men didn't travel together but by themselves. They were quiet and uncommunicative people but generous with money. 

A few people saw the larger man speak with a blind man two days ago who had been sitting by the roadside for the past few weeks asking for donations. The smaller man had also been seen walking toward that direction around a similar time. Later on a commotion in the marketplace was held in the early morning, though only sounds were heard as people were afraid to witness anything that could cause them to be silenced by others. The blind man is also currently missing and no one has seen him since then. 

Ye Cheng didn't need much more to understand these people weren't simple. Tang Muxin who already knew their identities felt relief when she saw Ye Cheng furrow his brows after piecing together the clues they could gather in this short time. 

"We should leave them," She asserts, seeing that Ye Cheng might be more receptive to her ideas, "They're dangerous, I..." Tang Muxin hesitates before honestly admitting, "I don't want them to ruin our, ah, our adventure." She immediantly flushes, feeling she was acting too childish and her wording was even more so. 

Ye Cheng chuckles and pats her on the head. Even though his body instinctively breaks out into chills and goosebumps from touching her- one of the many remnants of his trauma toward the girl- Tang Muxin was acting too cute! As a man who loves animals and is weak to weakness, he has trouble denying the urge to soothe the wounded appearance of a soft baby faced person. 

"You ah," he says a bit helplessly, "did you learn how to sell meng from Xiao Bang? Of course we won't let them leech off on us the whole trip. However they're injured and nobody seems to be looking for them right now. They don't seem to have any valuables and might not be able to survive unless we help them. Can you really be okay knowing that?"

Tang Muxin, a super assassin who has actively killed many people and is totally fine with letting them die: '...' 

Ah, it's a pity that Ye Cheng was such a sugary cinnamon-bun. She really didn't deserve this man as a friend much less anything more. If he wasn't so soft and their history wasn't so awful they probably could have made a beautiful couple ah. 

With this basic information at hand they went to go buy some groceries and snacks for everyone. It was cheaper than inn food and Xiao Ban-Jin Bao vehemently insists on eating only Tang Muxin's cooking. 

Currently they had many small treasures thanks to Tang Muxin's protagonist halo but the best thing to do right now was to keep it until they reached the more populated and upscale towns and city areas to fetch a bigger price. In short, they couldn't afford to splurge lest they become beggars halfway through the journey. 

More importantly... what Jin Bao demands, Da Gong always backs him up. 

Tang Muxin sighs with a mixture of fondness and tired exasperation, she also wants a domineering golden thigh too ah. 

...

Meanwhile in the inn, General Duan Mengyao was the first one to recover consciousness. Jia Hyson, who had stayed behind to watch over with Da Gong, felt this made sense. After all, his wounds were lighter and Duan Mengyao's character is meant to be the type of invincible military general that can slaughter an army with the power of love. The eighth prince on the other hand is meant to be more on the intellectual scholarly type, though clearly he had enough martial artist prowess that he could go on secret missions or whatever.

Bebe: 'You keep referring to the eighth prince as the eighth prince... do you not know his name?'

Jia Hyson: '...' He doesn't even remember what he had for lunch yesterday, why would he bother to remember this guy ah?

Bebe: '...' Right, what was Bebe thinking? That spicy chicken host doesn't even remember what he had for lunch yesterday, why would he bother to remember this guy ah?

To be fair, the eighth prince was mainly referred to as thus for most of the story and even then he was mentioned rarely. It wasn't that surprising Jia Hyson couldn't recall it. 

Jia Hyson: 'So?'

Bebe: 'Hm?'

Jia Hyson: 'The name, what's his name?'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: '..You don't remember do you. Aren't you supposed to be a system made with the highest level of technology?'

Bebe: 'Shut up and give me a second! Who told the guy to be so forgettable?'

The forgettable Eighth Prince Huizhong: '...'  Sorry I'm so hard to remember.

Seeing that the general was about to wake up Jia Hyson was very interested to see his response. After all, according to the plot, the general should have gotten amnesia ah. Jia Hyson was interested to see if the typical 'Who are you? Who am I?' line will naturally come from a newborn amnesiac like in the movies. The story didn't describe the exact scene so there shouldn't be any scripted dialogue here. 

Only Song Chuntao saw Zheng Jinhai when he first woke with amnesia. Even though at the time she was worried half to death later on over some drinks she had later confessed that it was a little funny thinking back on it. Zheng Jinhai's face at the time looked very stupid since he had regressed into a child and had immediately burst into tears, begging this fairy sister not to send him to heaven. 

Jia Hyson felt regretful that he wasn't there and even though Bebe hacked the hospital surveillance cameras, the quality wasn't good and the angle was even worse. No good video could have been made. Though he still did the best he could and put the clip into their, Song Chuntao and Zheng Jinhai's, wedding slideshow ah. Because that's what friends are for. 

Zheng Jinhai: '...' Even after death my sole regret is somehow being tricked into being friends with Prince Farrell and letting him into his wedding.

Unfortunately, just like his character in the story, the general's reaction was very dull. Silent and slow, the general scanned the room and blinked a few times. Jia Hyson clicked his tongue annoyed. If this guy is going to be like that the whole time he may have to think of a way to kick him out of the story. 

We can have good people, we can have bad people, we can have terrible people, the worst human scum on the planet even, but the one thing readers will not stand in a story is boring people. When writing a story there are three original sins. Awful, incoherent grammar, disgustingly stupid plot holes and finally, boredom. 

Any of these three things will easily cause the overall reader satisfaction to drop by at least half. 

A boring character is okay if the boring character is playing a 'straight man' in a plot full of weirdos. This will give people a sense of relatability to a character and his normal responses of disbelief to the abnormal situations presented. 

However this story is written fairly realistically and even blandly in term of characters. Tang Muxin is the only one really talked about and most of the description was practically variations of 'overpowered, talented, cold beauty.' The rest were there to react to her 'overpowered, talented, cold beauty' and be two dimensional and ready to be thrown away once the author wanted Tang Muxin to do other shit. 

Right now Tang Muxin is, frankly, still a bit cliche. While she's a touch warmer in personality now than the original story, she is still a very reserved, quiet character with her most amusing side currently only shown when responding to Jia Hyson's silliness and Da Gong's overbearing president acts. Ye Cheng is also relatively normal with his selling point being his chatty, sunny, kind personality and softhearted love for animals. He serves nicely as the summer to Tang Muxin's winter. 

Overall Jia Hyson is satisfied with their small main cast so far but unfortunately as a story set in ancient times, it's very difficult to keep the cast small. The biggest problem with these types of things is having many forgettable yet important people that literally no one can keep track of, nor want to for that matter. It's best to find a few key people who will not only serve as good allies and enemies but as good characters.

Jia Hyson who was sitting on the bedside table clicked his tongue as he surveyed the goods critically. This is a potential supporting male lead after all, there had to be some good selling points other than military value and his strong, silent personality. 

Body? Pretty good, very muscular with large chest and bulging muscles exploding with masculinity. Hair? Eh, nothing to write home about but it's weirdly silky looking given he's meant to be a macho steel straight army man. Face? Handsome but to be honest it's not striking or anything. If Jia Hyson could describe it, it's the sort of handsome that will make you double take if you walked by him on the street but you probably won't verbalise your appreciation with anything that enthusiastic like a wolf whistle or a 'damn, he fine.' Personality? Currently not enough information but seems to be lacking a lot. 

In conclusion Jia Hyson can only rate him as a tentative 65. In terms of looks he's above average but definitely no honor student, and his personality seems dull and cliche. His status is also neither high nor low. 

More importantly, while his Meng family may not be troubled or full of cheap relatives, there were many men with military achievements and titles and honestly, those were very confusing to write and read about as a modern person. 

Jia Hyson clicked his tongue again. No one likes to spend effort in understanding something they don't really care about. 

'So what do you want to do host?' Bebe asks curiously. While they like to bicker with each other, when it came to work Bebe knew how to be restrained and respectful. After all, if Bebe understood these sort of concepts there would be no need for a host in the first place ah. 

'Catch and release probably.' Jia Hyson decides. 'We'll keep him around for a few months until he gains his memory back then release him to the wild. At best he ends up more interesting than assumed and we can find ways to meet with him occasionally, at worst we forget about him and maybe he'll come back during the later arcs to help solve a problem for us out of gratitude. We'll put more effort on the eighth prince who is more mysterious and villainous.'

Jia Hyson clicks his tongue in thought once more. Then again. Click, click, click. It really sounded like your typical house gecko.

Naturally the general heard it and turned to the side to see a skinny noodle like golden lizard staring at him with faint disdain. 

"Click."

General: '...'

He looks down to see a big fat black rooster staring up at him with much more vivid disdain.

"Cluck."

The small reptile and the large fowl looked at each other with tacit understanding before staring back at the general. Even though they were just animals, he could have sworn he saw amusement in their eyes. 

"Click."

Jia Hyson looks expectantly at Da Gong.

"Cluck."

Da Gong tilts his head dotingly at his worm.

"Click." 

Jia Hyson's sharp milk teeth flash in childish amusement.

"Cluck."

Da Gong, bemused at how silly his worm is couldn't help but indulge him and play this inane little game.

"Click." 

"Cluck."

"Click."

"Cluck."

"Click." 

"Cluck."

"Click." "Cluck." "Click." "Cluck.""Click.""Cluck.""Click.""Cluck."

"Click cluck click cluck click cluck click cluck click cluck!"

The Ignored General: '...' You guys are having fun huh?

The eight prince who woke up from the noise: '...' What the fuck is happening and why did I dream that I was bent over in an alleyway by a lizard chicken?

General Duan Mengyao and Eighth Prince Huizhong both blearily stare at the happy pair of animals and inexplicably couldn't help but feel a swelling of shame and irritation looking at them. They weren't sure why, but their instincts seemed to tell them these two creatures were responsible for their previous shameful state that they were aware they were in before fainting again.

Jia Hyson however looks back and forth at them and chirps in faint surprise. 

They both have black eyes! ()

Ah, could it be-?

Quickly though, he squashes his faint expectation, scolding himself for his eagerness. There are only three signs Jia Hyson knows so far that can help him determine a shard piece of the Bipolar Prince, if they have silver eyes, if they have heterochromatic eyes of black and silver or if they have black eyes. 

The former two options are very rare unless the world is set in a fantasy type setting but the latter... 

Black eyes are pretty much the default colour for any important character. Even more so if they're asian or in a modern slash historical setting. 

General Duan Mengyao is a supporting male lead at minimum and Eighth Prince Huizhong is a villain. It was pretty obvious they would have black eyes. The only way a supporting character didn't have black or typical brown eyes was if the author had given them a mixed blood lineage and even then there's only so much you can do with it. 

Honestly, anybody who would immediately assume that somebody is X person because of a single physical trait must be stupid and naive ah. And people who will immediately lower all their barriers and fall in love with X person solely because they discovered they carried that one physical trait and despite being completely different to the original personality they fell in love with, is a retard in his opinion. 

That sort of love always feels more like the love for the idea of a person rather than the person themselves. Those situations where a quick transmigration protagonist will grumble about how if it wasn't that this person is the reincarnation slash same soul slash soul fragment of X they would have never wanted to deal with them or they would have just beat the current person up because he's such a fuck... Jia Hyson finds it humorous but he would hardly find it romantic. To him at least, that sort of attitude... While it may not be considered a fake love it certainly is a forced one.

If Jia Hyson finds the other person he will find him. If he likes him he will like him. If he doesn't, he doesn't. The past may help improve his current impression of the shard's identity in this world but thats all. People will be different every time, it's impossible to love all variations. Leave it to fate and go with the flow. 

Besides, he has his Da Gong by his side anyway. 

Da Gong:  

Still, no matter how he chided himself it was a bit hard to ignore the small bit of disappointment and anxiety. It's like having a preference for hazelnut flavored custard in your cream puff but in the large box of cream puffs there's only on hazelnut one and the rest are all chocolate or coffee or mocha flavored cream puffs, and you're only allowed to take one. From the outside they all look the same and it's impossible to tell which is which until you have a bite out of it and by then it's not like you can put the cream puffs back. That's gross. 

This metaphor stopped working near the end but one generally gets the gist of it. 

'The systems in research and development are currently working on a way to identify the shards host, don't worry,' Bebe assures. 'It's not just you that has a vested interest in this mystery after all.'

Jia Hyson's anxiety eases a little. That's right. Even though he and Bebe doesn't have a lot of information, it's easy to tell that the reemergence of a previously thought to be dead Royal system is something many systems would be wanting to investigate. While this news isn't released to the public, the ones in the know must be very excited. There were only so many Royal systems and from the sounds of it, quite a few have been destroyed due to various reasons that Jia Hyson currently isn't allowed to know. So a secret research project had been established during Jia Hyson's third world mission to look into this topic with Bebe helping supply information as they go.

It's a pity the device isn't finished though. A royal system is considered 'royal' for a reason after all ah. 

As a basic system upgrades to an advanced system the amount of information, abilities and spiritual energy it can store increases by at least five fold. The complexity of it's data increases and the personality becomes more refined. As you go up tiers, from Overseer level systems to Nobles this improvement goes up exponentially. Then from Nobles to Royals... the gap is like between heaven and earth. They are able to do things other systems are simply incapable of.

If a royal system didn't want to be found there was a reason why they haven't been found. Jia Hyson somehow acquiring the shards could only be attributed to luck really.

Da Gong watches as his worm looks back and forth at these two things and regrets allowing his humans to bring them to their temporary nest. It's okay to look once or twice, they were very unslightly to look at after all, it can't be helped but too many times was not okay! 

The unslightly general and eighth prince: '...'

They gazed at the rooster with unfriendly faces. Even though it was just a rooster they couldn't help but feel like it was disdaining them.

General Duan Mengyao may have lost his memories but he hasn't lost that ingrained hatred pride of a soldier and the demeanor of a noble. Of course he would still be uncomfortable with being looked down on by an animal.

The eighth prince Huizhong who did have his memories felt it was even more unacceptable. He was a prince after all! An unfavored prince but royalty nonetheless. Plus as an ally of the crown prince his standing is actually fairly good for the past few years and his arrogance hasn't yet been beaten down by his years as a crippled beggar. 

However even though he has escaped his original tragic situation, his fate as a cripple could not be avoided. 

As he was about to get up to shoo the chicken, Eighth Prince Huizhong's face turned pale and ugly.

He couldn't... he couldn't feel his legs! 

Even though he was still injured and weak, the fear and anxiety had gripped him so tightly that a burst of energy sprung forth inside him. The eighth prince trembling pulled off the blanket in one rushed moment and pulled up his ripped pant legs before howling aghast.

The General who had lost his memories couldn't help but gasp at the tragic sight. 

Jia Hyson took a peek at the mangled looking bloodied limbs before wincing. Now he felt bad for playing around with him from before.

Even Da Gong couldn't cluck at such a terrible injury. 

Jia Hyson looked at the horrified General and felt this man's original personality might be more than he seems. A dull, straightforward righteous military character wouldn't have caused such sadistic wounds.

Needless to say, the Eighth Prince's legs were really awful. Even though it wasn't a long distance to the inn, it was impressive that the man could've have stood on them much less walked any distance. Then again, the prince was used to abuse in his childhood and could have attributed the pain and nausea to his overall state and ignored the warning signs his legs were blaring at him, further ruining his chances at recuperation. 

Jia Hyson had always assumed there would be the typical 'the crippled villain stands up and shocks the crowd, turns out he had recovered long ago and was faking it in order to be the tiger playing the pig,' but now he wasn't sure. 

Those legs seem pretty damn ruined ah. 

Bebe: vomits

Jia Hyson: 'You are a weak ass bitch you know that Bebe?' Sure it's disturbing and uncomfortable to look at but he had once ripped a guy in half with his hair okay? You would think a system would get used to it ah. 

Bebe: 'Sh-shut up! Bebe is a delicate flower on an untouched snowy mountain cliff that refuses to be ruined by such cruelties of the world!' continues vomiting

Jia Hyson: '...I'm sorry I have to check the dictionary to understand your nonsense. Let's see... ah, I understand, basically, you're just a. Weak. Ass. Bitch.' 

Bebe: 'Roll!'

Jia Hyson: 'You roll first!' Delicate flower on an untouched snowy mountain cliff my tail! 

Meanwhile the eight prince was having a very serious mental breakdown. He had never had a good life. At a young age his intelligence made it easy for him to comprehend exactly how unfair his treatment was compared to the other princes and princesses. Even the servants and eunuchs didn't respect him and went out of their way to humiliate and beat him in private. 

However he had never truly given up. Ignoring the bullying and jeering the eighth prince had studied hard in order to gain some worth in this ruthless place and put down his face in order to flatter whoever was useful. He had even secretly learnt martial arts, spying on his brothers' lessons, laying on the dirt behind the walls like a worm and relentlessly practicing until his limbs went numb from exertion. 

Finally the crown prince who had always shown him the minimum attitude of cordial respect and brotherhood picked him up and let him ascend the ranks. Huizhong had been moved and flattered by this attitude. He never resented that the crown prince didn't go out of his way to help him when he was weakest, he understood that such behaviour is inefficient. Kindness is given when the effort to exert it is less than the benefits gained. It is a privilege that only the useful, loved and worthy can wield. 

That's why the eighth prince strove to do his best to aid the crown prince, to show that he is worth the kindness and respect given. That his prestige, unlike their stupid, spoilt siblings, was carved from his own bloodied hands and tireless work. To prove that he is somebody also destined for greatness. Deserving of living despite his shameful background.

And look where that got him.

Used.

Thrown away.

Crippled.

His dark eyes were filled with malice and hatred. The crown prince who betrayed him. The general who crippled him. The palace who mocked him. Everybody who looked down on him. The ungrateful, ignorant masses who see him not for his successes and merits but only that he is an unwanted bastard and will treat his disappearance as a blessing of heaven. 

He will make them all pay one by one, a thousand fold.




"You.. are you okay?" General Duan Mengyao asks tentatively, his voice hoarse and raspy. 

The eighth prince stares at the man, calculation flickering in his eyes. That one sentence had already told him a lot.

He lowers his head and secretly smiles maliciously. 

It seems he wasn't the only one damaged from their fight. 

The abacus in his heart quickly clicked and clacked. The general had amnesia and he was crippled. Even though his injury was far more severe right now the general is the most vulnerable, unable to recall the hatred he has sowed with himself. As long as he has time to recover enough strength and contact his trusted men, Huizhong can then happily kill him and go into hiding to slowly build up enough firepower to rebel. 

It could be said the eighth prince really is deserving of the big villain title. The logic was sound and relatively simple but to put such a thing in practice is harder. Think about it, if a person you already didn't like went and broke your legs or something equally as drastic and you're suddenly roommates with them the next day who could bear it? Much less pretend the previous incident didn't happen? 

It's possible but only people with strong perseverance, patience and restraint can pull such a thing off. If it was Jia Hyson he may be able to do it in the short term, a week, no, a month at most, before he inevitably snaps goes and slits the bitch's throat in the middle of the night. 

Eighth Prince Huizhong managed to live as a crippled beggar on the streets for two years. Recuperating next to his amnesiac enemy is probably nothing in comparison. 

Huizhong, after gathering his resolve, looks up toward the concerned amnesiac with a weak, frail smile. He already had very handsome, if slightly feminine facial features so this fragile expression made him look more like a weak pitiful beauty. It was one of the many reasons he was bullied a lot as a child ah. Weak, small, unfavored and too pretty for his own good, it was like the Heaven's molded his person solely to be abused in that hateful palace. 

With tears brimming in his reddened eyes, the eighth prince choked out, "H-how can I be okay? This one had been strolling through the market when a depraved, disgustingly smelly old man attacked me in the alley. Luckily this one knew some martial arts and successfully defended my dignity. However the overly muscled beast in human skin was enraged and stabbed and ruined my legs!" The more the eighth prince talked the more tragic and emotional he sounded, each word filled with despair and hatred and fear. It was very moving.

The general who was only a few years older than him, well known for his restrained abstinent personality, who does his best to maintain his hygiene and is perfectly muscled, immediately feels indignation and sympathy for the other person. "How can there be such an awful person?!" He exclaims, "Really deserves to be neutered."

The eighth prince nods solemnly, eyes red but a faint smile was on his lips. "This one also thinks so." His smile widens a little as he adds, "Of course, from what this one saw, there isn't much to cut off if you know what I mean."

The well-endowed general: "Haha that man sounds truly pathetic. I hope he was injured terribly."

The sniffling but trying to maintain a strong smile eighth prince: "Indeed."

Jia Hyson who knew the basic situation: '...' Eighth prince you're really something ah. 

Bebe: '...' That general is going to die isn't he? 

Da Gong: '...' The smaller more injured human will kill the bigger human it seems. 

Da Gong felt this smaller human was not a good thing but currently holds no intentions toward his own interests. The bigger human was not Da Gong's human so as long as they don't make a mess it would be okay. 

"Oh they're awake," Ye Cheng observes with some surprise as Tang Muxin and him enter the room, bags of products in hand.

Almost immediately, Ye Cheng noticed the bloodied legs of the eighth prince. 

"Fuck, what happened to you?" He blurts out unthinkingly before flushing in embarrassment, "Oh, right, you got beaten up in an alley. My bad. Are you feeling okay? Wait, I have some medicine. It won't do much but it'll help with the external wounds, no, actually we need to wipe down the dirt. Can you stand? No that was stupid, here, let me-" 

The eighth prince didn't even get to open his mouth, much less get a word in during the bombardment that came out of Ye Cheng's mouth before he was grabbed and picked up bridal style by the muscular young man. Once everything finally registered in his usually quick-witted mind, the other was already half way to the bathroom. Eighth prince Huizhong flushes and begins to struggle, "You- you dare to-"

Ye Cheng frowns at the struggling. Even though the eighth prince has martial arts training and has good muscle definition, he was at heart, a literati whose biggest advantage is his brain, not his brawn. For Ye Cheng who is used to lifting heavy products, helping out in the farm when he comes back home and being nice by helping people with whatever hard jobs that need doing, it is not difficult to carry the injured man despite him being taller in height than himself. However if the stranger in his arms resists it becomes significantly harder to hold. The man is greatly injured, it would be bad to drop him.

"Don't move," Ye Cheng scolds, "didn't you hear me? Are you deaf ah? I just bring you to the bathroom to treat your wounds, that's it. We're both men what's there to be ashamed of?" 

Ye Cheng had a wide network but mainly it belonged in the more rural country areas. Unlike the scholars and nobles in the city, the farmers and commoners were more loose and relaxed with basic etiquettes. Things like multiple people living in the same room or bathing in the nearby pond are forced by their living situation. Who cared about modesty at that point? Seeing another man less half dressed or even completely naked was not considered perverted unless someone makes it perverted. 

Of course if one of them was a women it would be a completely different story ah. After all, this is a feudal patriarchal society where if women expose more than they should to a man, their only options pretty much boil down to marrying him or killing yourself. 

The original Tang Muxin who had stripped and pretended that she had been forced by Ye Cheng is one of the only exceptions to the rule due to her thick face and her incredibly low intelligence. Plus the Tang family were big fish in a small pond, while there were rumors and curses for such a shameless girl to still live on after that farce, the Tang patriarch was able to shelter the worst of the barbs for his child, costing him a lot of face in the community and most of his remaining affection for the girl. 

One could have said that Tang Muxin's father wasn't bad. It was just the original Tang Muxin was too terrible and so poisonous that she could even make people lose their fatherly love. 

Anyway, under the eighth prince's stuttered protest full of indignant confusion, Ye Cheng was unperturbed, treating the man's words like a fart. A noble's dignity, what was that? Can you eat it? 

The eighth prince didn't actually have much ingrained noble pride. He was beaten and humiliated by even the lowliest servants of the palace when he was young. Only in the last few years has his hard work bore fruit and he can stand up with a straight back full of poise and grace like the other princes. However it is because of this that he holds onto his pride tighter than anyone else.

Putting it simply. A child who has no toys since birth, is often teased for not having a toy, is discriminated and bullied for never having a toy, finally, through making money by doing chores and working hard, earns his first toy. Compared to the other children who are used to toys everywhere, this child will become much more attached to his first toy, and would hate to even let it go from their little hands. 

People may like and appreciate their toy, but to that child who had to earn his toy, that toy weighs far heavier on their hearts than the others. If someone tried to take the toy away, even temporarily, obviously there will be some kicking and screaming.

Unfortunately for the eighth prince, 'pride' was his toy, and kicking and screaming were actions that would make him lose that as well.

It wasn't an exaggeration to say the eighth prince was completely uncomfortable with this situation. Thanks to his childhood he isn't used to people serving him hand and foot, and he had also developed strong paranoia and unwillingness to be touched. When he had power and standing he refused to let others go near him much less take off his clothing. The fact he was injured and vulnerable made it even more unacceptable in his mind. 

However, he could only swallow up most of his protests. Right now he had to play nice with these vulgar commoners in order to recuperate. 

Yes. In order for his plan to work he needs to heal well without any prying eyes. So he must play nice. Play nice... play... nice... play...

"GET OFF OF ME YOU UNCULTURED PIG! I'LL DO IT MYSELF! DON'T YOU- SHUT UP! NO! STOP! SERIOUSLY YOU- FUCK YOUR MOTHER!"

Everyone who can hear the screams in the other room: '...' 

General Duan Mengyao chuckles awkwardly, "That man is quite a character." He comments mildly. 

Jia Hyson, and Tang Muxin who knew the basic character profiles of the eighth prince had faintly strange expressions. Indeed. It turns out the villainous vengeful and aloof blackened genius was actually quite a hysterical person ah. Who would have thought?

Da Gond merely clucks disdainfully, "Tch. So noisy ah." These new humans were no good. The little worm is cute but sadly has no taste for picking servants. Fortunately, Da Gong is here to train them well. 

Meanwhile, in the bathroom, Ye Cheng clicks his tongue faintly annoyed. He also can't help but feel this man was a bit too energetic for someone so injured. "Uncle, there's no need to shout ah, this one can hear just fine." He complains as he gently wipes the blood off the eighth prince's legs. Currently, the eighth prince is bare from the waist down in order for Ye Cheng to properly assess the extent of leg's injuries.

The eighth prince who is only twenty-one years old: '...' Uncle? Who's an uncle? It can't be he's talking about laozi? 

The eighth prince felt indignant. He stared gloomily at this brutish and uncouth man with faint disdain. Even if the face is above average, the child has no concept of manners and personal space. Not only that he is dark skinned from being under the sun and the clothing is rough and poor quality. Such a poor uneducated man, what right does he have to insult him? 

Of course Ye Cheng was thick skinned and used to ignoring uncomfortable situations. If he didn't have that sort of ability how can he have the courage to go up to complete strangers and coax them to buy his products? 

Still, this man was clearly being ungrateful. Acting like he was being wronged so loudly and obviously while being treated for his injuries by kindhearted strangers. Ye Cheng is nice but he will not help count the money while being sold. It's best to kick this one out after getting the basic injuries healed. 

However he did not show his satisfaction. The haughty man is a noble with some background. It's best not to offend him too badly and even better if he gains a good impression. After all Ye Cheng loves to add people to his network, for business reasons if nothing else. 

Thinking this, while his face shows some dissatisfaction with the prince, his hands are gentle and thoughtful. No matter what the injuries really did look awful, even if it wasn't for sake of business connections Ye Cheng didn't have the heart to ignore it. 

Luckily he has some skill in this sort of thing when treating animals. Wiping the legs down with warm water, covering the open wounds with bandages, mixing the medicinal herbs into paste, massaging it into the skin and finally even giving a professional foot massage to improve circulation and target the acupressure points. 

The eighth prince Huizhong who was still silently holding back his anger, quickly felt it fade away under Ye Cheng's hands. In fact, a lot of his tension since waking up seemed to dissipate under those firm yet careful ministrations. His pale face taut with pain and anger seemed to relax and flush faintly pink as more time passed.

This was the first time anyone had touched him like this before. 

The commoner was clearly annoyed by his attitude and held a faintly perfunctory expression yet his treatment was still attentive and full of compassion. It wasn't disdainful or fearful, nor overly affectionate or exaggerated and falsely pleasing. Just an ordinary kindness that was neither too hot nor too cold.

Coupled with the amazing massage skill that seemed to know where his sore points were, and the rather meticulous care toward his wounds, the eighth prince felt a bit moved and subconsciously couldn't help but have a better impression of this uncouth commoner. 

In fact, the more he relaxed, the more pleasurable it started to feel. He began to feel a little drowsy despite himself. 

However, his tranquil state was broken by a soft but pointed cough. Snapping but into reality, eighth prince Huizhong saw the commoner was giving him a faintly bemused and puzzled look. Maybe it was because his favourability toward the stranger had risen slightly but the eighth prince felt the expression was quite charming. 

Until he realised where he was looking at.

Ye Cheng who was a little embarrassed at the situation saw the mortification of the haughty noble and suddenly wanted to be a little cheeky. Trying to fight the smile off his face he couldn't help but chuckle a little dryly, "Uncle, it turns out you are like that ah. No wonder you resisted so hard when I took off your pants. Unfortunately, while this lowly one does not judge people's preferences, this lowly one will have to politely decline. After all, I am materialistic and prefer uncle pay with wealth rather than the body." 

Perverted uncle Huizhong who is mistaken to want to pay with his body: '...'

The eighth prince who is now full of shame roared, "ROLL!"

Sensing the other needed some time to calm down, Ye Cheng cleverly rolled out, passing him a dry rag to wipe himself down and some fresh clothing. Once the door to the bathroom door closed the eighth prince heard the commoner burst into giggles like an immature bear child.

Eighth prince Huizhong grits his teeth as he began to wipe himself down, doing his best to ignore the raised manhood between his legs that had inexplicably made such a prominently inappropriate appearance. 

Good! Very good! He, Yan Huizhong, of the Imperial Yan family, will remember this humiliation!




While Ye Cheng was treating the eighth prince in the bathroom, Tang Muxin reluctantly began to help the amnesiac general. However, she felt these people were outsiders to her small circle of friendship and couldn't help but show a sour face and curt attitude. 

"I am Tang Muxin. I'll help you dress your wounds." Was the first thing she says, eyes coldly looking at the battered man. She pauses for a few seconds before dryly adding, "I hope you recover quickly." So you can leave as fast as you can. 

The general nods gratefully, "Thank you. May I ask, do you know me?"

Tang Muxin blinks at the question before she comprehends the implications to such a question and immediately her face goes ugly. The first man is crippled and now this one is an amnesiac. Neither injuries are easy or fast to cure. 

Meaning... these two men will be hanging onto their thighs for who knows how long. 

If her attitude before was cold, it had now become completely icy. "No. If it hadn't been for Da Gong who called us over to help we wouldn't have crossed paths at all."

Duan Mengyao felt a little awkward at such an obviously chilly reception but he had no memory and is naturally anxious for any information. Thickening up his face he gives her a polite flattering smile that didn't look completely natural on his chiseled serious face. "Then I'm grateful for my stroke of luck. May I ask where this helpful young man is so this one can give thanks?" 

Tang Muxin's face relaxes a bit and she smiles faintly, "Of course," she replies, her monotonous voice now with a trace of humor in it. 

Duan Mengyao of course is happy that the guard was lowered a bit. Even with his memory gone his intuition and common knowledge was still present. The couple that are helping him and the other stranger is currently his life saving line. He doesn't know how he got to this state but it's very likely that whoever caused so many injuries to his person wanted him dead. 

Right now it's best to lay low, see if he can regain his memories and recover well. 

The young man seems friendly and easy-going but the biggest problem is the young lady who looks at him like he killed her entire family and fucked their corpses for good measure. Luckily it seems this Da Gong character is her soft spot. Could it be her child? 

Tang Muxin's mouth curls up higher and her eyes turn into joyful crescents. Coupled with her baby face it made her seem very sweet, like an innocent maiden. Duan Mengyao inexplicably felt a little flustered.

While she wasn't a devastating beauty like most transmigrated people tend to become, her simple pretty appearance and plain, natural looks unhindered by rouge and paint, can be considered quite refreshing, like a daisy among roses. Not to mention she is the true protagonist of the story. It wasn't strange for the General to be a little moved at her smile. 

It's pretty much a given that all protagonist halos come with beauty filters ah. If they didn't than how can all those 'normal' girls and boys get so much romantic attention in harem stories? Their mediocre, basic personality? Psh. Please bitch. 

Not noticing the general's current nervousness Tang Muxin took a step to the side and gestured down. "Go ahead, he's right here ah."

The general: ?

Did he not notice the child entering the room? Even though he wasn't sure of his own identity, somehow he felt like he should have definitely have the ability to notice such things no matter how carefully a child sneaked in. 

Slowly looking down his gaze finally lands onto the only presence next to the young lady.

Da Gong: "Cluck."

General Duan Menyao: ...

Da Gong 'tsk'ed disdainfully at the man's dumbfounded face. Really ugly ah. "Are you sure you want to keep them baby?"

"Just for a while," Jia Hyson lazily chirps, "If the new humans don't meet the standard we can always release them into the wild when they've healed."

"Or when they die." Da Gong adds wisely. As a wise rooster who has experienced many things that most roosters don't get to, he knows that those with heavy injuries can easily lose their life even during treatment. Some animals think humans are very magical but Da Gong is aware of the limits. Even Ye Cheng who is unlike other humans and does his best to do what he can, cannot always save their lives. "Little w- Baby, you should steel your heart just in case the servants you picked don't make it through the treatment." 

Jia Hyson twitched. It seems he won't be able to shake off this awful nickname in Da Gong's heart until he grows up a bit more ah. Also, even though Jia Hyson knew that Da Gong was just concerned, why did it sound a bit like he was cursing the General and eighth prince to die? 

It was a bit... handsome ah- 

Bebe: 'Bebe can't tell if host actually thinks cursing people to death is an attractive trait or host is just blinded by his love for a rooster and Bebe hates you for that.' 

Jia Hyson: 'Eh, it's a little of both. But love is a strong word you know, let's not get ahead of ourselves here ah.'

Bebe: '...' 

Jia Hyson felt a little embarrassed by his system's silent judgement. He knew it sounded scum but he didn't like the word 'love' very much. He had always been a bit uncomfortable with using the 'L' word seriously. 

Even with Sefu and Drake, it generally said in a joking tone and he would try use other words to describe his feelings for them. Like. Affection. Adoration. Infatuation. 

Love was... a bit harder to admit. 

Sometimes Jia Hyson felt like he didn't understand love or at least, what he views as love isn't really love. After all, if he really loved Drake with his whole heart he wouldn't have loved anyone else regardless of having the same soul right? Because who he loved is Drake, silly, sweet and stupidly endearing Drake, not someone that wasn't Drake that just happened to have part of the same soul. 

And if he really loved Sefu why did he still want to sleep around and enjoy himself even after acknowledging his feelings for him? If he really loved Sefu wouldn't it be like in the stories where his heart and body would be unable to be moved by anyone else? Even now after their happy married lives had ended Jia Hyson wanted to play and indulge in debauchery once again. 

Look at the stories, the movies, the scripts and the plays- they produce such moving love filled with determination and pure beauty and Jia Hyson feels like he doesn't have the ability to really contain any of that in his heart. He's broken somewhere inside and he knows it and yet at the same time he doesn't. 

All he knows is his love can't really be called love. At least not a love that others can call love. What love is to other people... he may just be incapable of it. 

And that's okay. Jia Hyson may be a bit insecure about it but he wasn't unhappy with his lifestyle either ah. Sex is fun. Dating is fun. And if he can catch someone he really likes enough not to let go until they die? That's pretty fun too. 

It's pretty half-hearted he admits but then again, if he only has the ability to use half of his heart, doesn't that mean for him being half-hearted is wholehearted? 

Bebe: 'In short, Bebe shouldn't judge your abnormal slag outlook in life and love by normal standards.'

Jia Hyson: 'Exactly. Technically you can view me as mentally ill. Is it fair to push your standards of normalcy onto people who don't fit and then scold them for not being able to fit? That's awfully self centred and arrogant of you Bebe, tsk, tsk.'

Bebe: '...' It's really hard to refute this logic. Bebe would feel bad except the things that make Jia Hyson 'unfit for normalcy' was being a fickle unrepentant slag that's addicted to sex, emotionally playing with people and a murdering psychotic bastard which were traits very deserving of being scolded for.  

Also, why did the topic diverge like this?! 

How come most hosts are very serious and cold, disliking inefficiency and such while his own host is so chatty and likes to talk circles and make all sorts of tangents in his mind? 

Jia Hyson: '...' That's not because of anything really, it's just cause I'm an author ah. 

After all, you can't write a good book if your mindset isn't a little cluttered and messy. 

In reality, Da Gong stares expectantly at his little worm. However the little worm seemed dazed and unwilling to communicate at the moment. 

Da Gong felt a little regretful. His worm is surprising thoughtful for a worm but is also quite air-headed and likes to daydream a lot, always zoning out and staring blankly at things. Right now he was probably contemplating the harsh truth that Da Gong had provided him with about how the humans they saved won't necessarily live. 

Even though the little worm is very intelligent. It is still a baby. The concept of death must be very scary for it. 

Da Gong 'tsk'ed. As a righteous rooster he must take responsibility and make his baby feel better. However it's not good to disrupt the baby's thinking...

So General Duan Mengyao watches blankly as his 'savior' he was meant to thank, clucked at the nearby odd looking lizard before flapping his wings and trotting to go lay down next to the reptile. The black wing facing the skinny yellow lizard was spread out and blanketing the creature in a protective manner. 

Duan Mengyao: '...' 

Was his understanding of the world gone along with his memory? Why can't he comprehend this situation at all? 

Were roosters always this smart? No, we're roosters always this doting??? ()???

Tang Muxin who is already numb to Da Gong's overbearing CEO behavior couldn't help but cover her smiling mouth at the amnesiac man's stupid confused expression. There is a bit of sympathy in her eyes but more than that there is a ticklish feeling of schadenfreude. Suddenly she felt that the man wasn't too unbearable to live with. 

At the very least it won't be her at the bottom of the hierarchy anymore ah. 

"Hehe," Ye Cheng who had rushed out of the bathroom at this moment, giggled cheekily as he closes the door behind him, muffling the eighth prince's embarrassed anger. After composing himself somewhat, he joins the group around Duan Mengyao's bed with a wide, friendly smile. "Hello, I am Ye Cheng, this is my friend Tang Muxin who I'm sure has already introduced herself ah. The little lizard is Xiao Bang, and this handsome fellow is Da Gong." 

Da Gong clucked proudly, puffing up his feathers arrogantly. Jia Hyson who had snapped out of his daze once Ye Cheng came back, chipped in agreement before snuggling up to those fluffy side feathers underneath the rooster's wing. 

Tang Muxin closed her eyes and wished she hadn't watched so much brainless idol dramas in her free time. However she still couldn't help but compare Da Gong and Jin Bao to a scene she saw once where the arrogant underworld boss is laying splayed out on a club's couch, one arm wrapped around his current pretty schmoozy of the week while surrounded by quivering yes men. 

As for why she doesn't compare them to the bosses she knew in reality... 

Well who asked real life bosses to be so proper and boring?! If they weren't practically your usual cutthroat businessman, they were corrupt second gen rich boys who were pretty much just assholes. Sure that's what television shows generally depict them to be as well but real life doesn't have editing or a beauty filter.   Real life sort of sucks.

It's probably why she likes these stupid dumb over exaggeratedly unrealistic stories so much in retrospect ah.

"So, what's your name?" Ye Cheng continues to talk.

Duan Mengyao, already accepting his own situation, lowers his head slightly with some awkwardness, "I... I don't know."

Ye Cheng blinks and for a second one could actually see a touch of annoyance in his eyes. 

"Huh, I didn't know he could be annoyed about this sort of thing," Jia Hyson chirps at Da Gong.

"Ye Cheng is a stupidly nice human but he is also very stingy toward other humans." Da Gong explains, happy to show off his human knowledge to his little worm. "Ye Cheng is what other humans call a 'merchant' and to be good at merchanting you have to be strict with prices and find if the good outweigh the bad." 

The rooster pauses. Looking at the cute shiny eyes of his worm he felt that maybe he was speaking too complicatedly. "In short, one human is crippled and one is amnesiac. They are both adult humans. The food and clothing will be high. The cripple looks rich and well connected, there should be some benefits if he has a conscience. The amnesiac is trickier, unless someone finds him we may have to keep him for a longer time than than the other human." Da Gong tilted his head downwards so he could see Jia Hyson better, "Do you understand?"

Jia Hyson: '...' Of course I understand ah. I just didn't think Ye Cheng was actually so pragmatic. 

Da Gong made a 'tsk' noise. "However even if the costs do outweigh the benefits, Ye Cheng, this dumb human, will still help them since he took them in. He calls it a 'moral code' or 'karma' or something. Seems useless. If it was laozi I would have kicked them out already." 

Jia Hyson sighs in agreement. Unless the other person was attractive beyond belief or seems very useful, there was no way he would bring injured strangers into his own living space. After all, who knows if they're white eyed wolves who will steal your furniture, or rapists or an assassin sent by one of your exes. 

Bebe: 'Did you really get sent an assassin?'

Jia Hyson: 'You would be surprised how many I used to get. Though to be fair, it's mainly work related than any romantic reason ah.'

Bebe: '...You were an author.'

Jia Hyson: 'Did you forget I died because of a rival author's daughter?' 

Bebe: 'Touche.'

Jia Hyson felt increasingly like Ye Cheng was probably the hardest character to understand in his point of view. He's kind to people but kinder to animals. He's laid back but clearly ambitious enough that he refused to continue his family's lifestyle as a farmer. Generous but materialistic. Softhearted but secretly stingy. Disdaining the poor on some level but unwilling to not give a helping hand whenever someone is in need. It's not over complicated but just small contradictions in a character are what make them more interesting and real. 

Tang Muxin's character is fairly simple in comparison, but at the very least there's depth. Her outward personality is cold but after speaking with her telepathically for the last few days Jia Hyson realises that at the end of it all, her main core is loneliness and loss. An assassin, a spy, a doctor, these are all jobs that require an organisation, a strict set of rules and some sort of support system whether that's a handler, a direct supervisor or a fellow coworker. 

In fact, Jia Hyson couldn't help but think, maybe the explanation created by the world's consciousness for Tang Muxin being so slow in the original plot was this loss of structure she had in her life. She is born in an agency and told what to do and what to learn ever since. Without that, it is hard to do things by yourself and a limited ability to think for yourself is naturally developed which is what these sort of dark organisations tend to encourage.

If a soldier is without an army to fight alongside with and a country to fight for... then what is the use of the weapons in their hand?

Fuck, that was poignant. He should write that down. 

'What was poignant?' A soft voice enters his head.

Jia Hyson looks up to meet Tang Muxin's faintly interested gaze. It seems he accidentally let his last thoughts slip away a bit ah. Blinking his large golden eyes innocently he communicates in a sexy mature voice contrasting with his appearance, 'Oh I was just thinking about how my original appearance is elegant like willows by a still lake under the moonlit sky. Poignant right?'

'...Right.'

Tang Muxin felt like her transmigration buddy was getting increasingly shameless the more she spends time with him. 

She turns back to focus on Ye Cheng who was grilling the amnesiac man with various questions in order to determine the severity of the injury. From the sounds of it, the man at least retained most common sense but details were not too good. 

Knowing this is General Duan from the plot, Tang Muxin felt that while she wasn't happy with his presence it wasn't entirely unacceptable either. After all he is strong if nothing else and in the story he really didn't brush up much presence and therefore did not cause any big troubles, instead he helped solve various small problems the protagonist Pan Shuchun had gotten into. In short, he was troublesome but not difficult. 

The other man, however... that one will be difficult.

"I should go check on the other one," Ye Cheng whispers to Tang Muxin, "It's been a while and I'm sure he's too proud to call for help."

Tang Muxin hesitates but agrees. Even though she had some doubts, she felt that Ye Cheng probably knows what he's doing. Probably. 

Either way, while her current body isn't completely suitable for fighting she had no doubt that she could at least handle a crippled man if he decides to do anything to Ye Cheng. Not to mention she highly doubts Da Gong wouldn't help her out either when his human is involved. 

...She wonders how she got to a point where she, a super-assassin spy, is assured by the presence of a rooster.




Ye Cheng didn't take long to carry out a rather damp, grumpy looking but fully dressed eighth prince out. 

Both Tang Muxin and Jia Hyson tilted their heads slightly to the side, unable to help admiring the way Ye Cheng's exposed forearm bulged as he held the unhappy prince. Just because Ye Cheng lived a rural lifestyle where people (men) were more vulgar and relaxed with social etiquette, due to his old trauma he almost never exposed anything he couldn't. The group had travelled together for a while now and it was still considered a rarity to see his wrists much less his arms.

To the modern woman and slag man, seeing the arms of another person was really nothing. But blame Ye Cheng for acting like his body couldn't stand the light of day, even the slightest bit of skin from he felt like a treasure being unveiled. This is the mindset of loving the rare and dismissing the common. Not to mention Ye Cheng is good looking and lovely, making the rarity effect of seeing his skin even better. 

Silently in their heads both of them whistled in appreciation. They were vaguely aware he was pretty fit but seeing it properly really rubbed in just how muscled and toned Ye Cheng was beneath his clothing. 

The original body Tang Muxin may have been an idiot, but she definitely had good tastes ah. 

Ye Cheng didn't notice the looks, too busy trying not to drop the fully grown man in his arms but the eighth prince Yan Huizhong did and his face immediately went a shade darker. 

His dark eyes flicker between the honest and unaware Ye Cheng's face, with his cat like eyes narrowed and lips slightly pursed in concentration in a rather sweet and attractive manner, and the woman staring unabashedly at the man like a piece of meat. Yan Huizhong face was lightly frowning like before but inwardly he sneers. No decency. Such a vulgar women would be disdained and scorned by every noble in the capital. 

Tang Muxin had good instincts and could somewhat recognize Yan Huizhong disliked her for some reason. However Yan Huizhong wasn't a spicy chicken and his time in the palace filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons has tempered his ability to disguise his emotions. Even Tang Muxin had trouble getting a solid read on him without further scrutiny and more time to gather an in depth understanding. 

Jia Hyson who had been ignored by the prince had failed to be unnoticed by the duke and found his vision immediately hindered by glossy black feathers.

"Don't stare," Da Gong clucks, "Humans find it very rude." He pauses before quickly adding, "However roosters are not like humans and enjoy appreciation. My wing muscles are also very strong for a bird and my talons are sharper than a tigers. I am also very clean. Shiny." 

Jia Hyson was overwhelmed by the cuteness. Now that he was in the body of an infant dragon, his admiration for sexiness is much weaker than his love for soft, cute things. It was easy to throw away the image of Ye Cheng's arm muscles in favor of snuggling and rubbing against his Da Gong. 

Duan Mengyao, this steel straight military man, didn't even notice nor care about some village boy's surprisingly toned arm muscles. Instead he felt a little uncomfortable looking at Tang Muxin's expression of clear entrancement. 

Mirrors around this era weren't common items, especially in rural areas like these so Duan Mengyao didn't know what he looked like but he felt like was someone that was popular and handsome. 

At the very least his arms were bigger. 

He looked at the other injured man surrounded by the two good samaritans who had saved them, then he looked at the rooster giving out dog food with his lizard and then he looked down at himself who was all alone. Duan Mengyao who was once ignored on the sidelines, sulked a little.

"So what is your name?" Ye Cheng, after tucking the older man into the bed questions lightly. Inwardly his mind is trying to recall as many of the big families that he can. While he hasn't met any really big names, he listens closely to the gossip and storytellers so he is somewhat familiar with a few. 

For example he had heard of the noble Liu family who are full of people that are not only cruel to others but also to themselves, with a very messy family environment. If this stranger was from there then it would be best to treat the man with caution and let him go half healed with some living expenses just in case they raise a white eyed wolf. 

If he's from a family like the Su family who pride themselves on being noble, virtuous scholars, then it's best to give him the full spa treatment and hug the golden thigh till his family inevitably finds him. 

Don't think Ye Cheng is a bit too pragmatic. Being a merchant while reaping more rewards than a farmer, could be said to have more difficulties in this era. 

Merchants in ancient China were considered the lowest job class and disdained by nearly everyone. They are seen as conniving, lazy and with low morals, making profit from other people's hard work. If Ye Cheng didn't have his friendly disposition he was sure he wouldn't have made it one foot out of his little village.

He was still a young, only in his early twenties, but in order to see the world and succeed as a merchant Ye Cheng had to understand the value of networking, selfishness and utilitarianism. His nature is naturally kind but his experience and knowledge tells him he can be kind but only when he can afford to be. 

A farmer can live fine with a soft hearted temperament. But a merchant cannot. 

However they must not be known to be too hard hearted either. After all the general public disdain them too much already.

Ye Cheng smiles kindly and comfortingly at the rather temperamental cripple, but his eyes remain vigilant and assessing. 

"My name is Cao Huizhong," The eighth prince smoothly fibs. His first name isn't too outstanding or unique so not many people will associate it with the eighth prince who wasn't exactly that popular in the first place. "I'm a scholar that came from the Cao family in the capital, but I'm not very close with my relatives given my status in the family. I came to visit the rural areas to be inspired, unfortunately..." 

Unfortunately he was framed and he had stumbled onto a scene where the bastard on the bed across from him was being attacked under false orders from himself. 

An embarrassed and bitter expression shows on his beautiful face, "I saw this man being attacked and I couldn't help but step in." 

And help give the finishing blow. After all, no matter how he would explain it, he would never be able to scrub off the suspicion. It was better for everyone to be silenced.

He chuckles self deprecatingly, "I don't regret going to help but it was definitely a foolish move on my part." 

A foolish move not to have brought some trusted bodyguards to help beat this wretch and those fake hired thugs to death.

Thinking about the state of his legs, Eighth Prince Yan Huizhong's eyes redden, making him really look like a pitiful white lotus. 

Ye Cheng and Duan Mengyao were clearly moved by the story. To be honest, Ye Cheng felt there should be more to the story than that but he would be stupid to point that out. Anyway, most of the tale didn't seem false and matched with the eyewitnesses testimony more or less. Besides, no matter if the story is true or false, the injuries were undoubtably real. The story just helped deepen his sympathy.

More importantly, if he remembers correctly, the Cao family is a decent sized noble family on the outskirts of the capital. They recently had a big sex scandal that involved the sixth daughter and the second son in an incestuous relationship that caused them to lose a great deal of face. Before that unsightly blemish though, the family had a fairly decent low key reputation that were known to give birth to many trusted officials for the emperor and had strong family unity. 

If Ye Cheng could, he would be flashing dollar signs in his eyes as he looked at Yan Huizhong with even more tenderness. This investment seems to be worth the long term costs. It's okay to unleash his mother hen on him, this golden egg. 

Yan Huizhong who was very sensitive to emotions couldn't help but flush under such a gaze. He felt like this commoner must have fallen for him. Why else would he be looked at so lovingly? Like he was the most precious thing in the world?

But, even though he clearly wasn't a cut sleeve... receiving such a look full of love wasn't wholly unpleasant ah. 

Meanwhile Tang Muxin and Jia Hyson who knew the prince's real identity couldn't help but scoff and admire the man's shameless acting. Look at his teary expression, his trembling hands, his 'I'm trying to be strong but really I'm not' voice! 

This is truly a scheming green tea bitch! 

'See that?' Bebe sighs emotionally, 'Now that is acting.' 

Jia Hyson who until then had been admiring the other's acting: '...Oh shut up.' It's so annoying when he can't say anything. 

"Well it's nice to meet you Cao Huizhong," Ye Cheng smiles, reaching to give the man a friendly pat on the back. However he was immediately rebuffed, the eighth prince quickly brushing his hand off with a faint look of disdain. Even if he has a better impression of the commoner that didn't mean he would let the other touch him unnecessarily. Especially now that he knew he was most likely a cut sleeve.

Ye Cheng falters for a moment but gives an understanding smile, "Not a fan of touching ah? That's fine. I was like that too for a while."

Tang Muxin's eyes avert as she hears this. She had a good idea of what Ye Cheng was referring to. 

Even though he didn't seem to say it to provoke her and it wasn't technically her fault, she was still wearing the body responsible. It was impossible not to feel some guilt when she comes across the topic.

Yan Huizhong however only sneers in his heart. What would this commoner know? Clearly he's just making it up to save a bit of face in front of everyone. 

Jia Hyson who can see the situation clearly can't help but sigh. An emotionally and physically abused prince and a young man who had been sexually harassed and wrongly accused of rape... obviously neither of them can fully understand each other's trauma but if they talk they would find they may empathize more than they would think. Unfortunately, both men have their own barriers, it's really, tsk. 

Jia Hyson: 'It seems this is going to be what the young people call a 'slow burn romance'?'

Bebe: 'Why do you assume they'll get together?'

Jia Hyson: 'What, you mean you don't?' ()

Bebe: 'This could just be a start to a very touching brotherhood!'

Jia Hyson: 'Pei, as expected of a system who's never had a 1 in their 0, so naive.'

Bebe: 'Fuck your mother! That's not true! Bebe has-'

Bebe: '...' Fuck.

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Oh ho-h?' 

Bebe: 'Systems have needs too! ,,,,,) Scram!' 

After all the introductions, Ye Cheng calmly set out a short term plan for everyone. Generally their lazy roundabout journey to visit various places and teach Tang Muxin various life skills to survive in this dynasty is unchanged other than the final destination which will be the heart of the capital city. 

For the new additions he also gave out a rough idea of what they should expect. If they weren't happy with the conditions set out Ye Cheng would reluctantly give them some money and let them go.

Cao Huizhong is currently more favored in his heart, not only as a valuable investment but because his physical injuries were much more severe, eliciting a stronger feeling of pity, so his part is simply to rest, recover and be a salted fish. 

However safety comes first and if Huizhong can't stand the living conditions and blend in with them, then Ye Cheng refuses to let him stay. Bandits and people with malicious intent are happy to prey on the weak and easy to slaughter. Their group consists of only one able bodied man, a woman, some animals and two injured men. If Cao Huizhong insists on acting, dressing and living like a noble they might as well wear signs begging to be robbed and killed. 

The amnesiac man is different. His clothing is a bit shabbier in comparison to Car Huizhong's and his body isn't as injured as his mind. It would only need two weeks to a month to recover from most of the wounds, and even then with his strong body he can afford to help out a little bit. Of course they couldn't keep referring to him as the amnesiac so Tang Muxin has, on behalf of Jia Hyson who couldn't contribute to the human conversation, dubbed Meng Meng. 

Duan 'Meng Meng' Mengyao: ...

Meng Meng grit his teeth and tried not to show how fiercely he opposed the nickname in his heart, "This.. of course I am happy to help my benefactors but the name is a bit..."

Tang Muxin interrupted him with a sweet smile, "But it's quite cute ah?" 

Jia Hyson quickly chirps approvingly. 

Eighth Prince Yan Huizhong who was trying not to laugh, "It is a bit, pft, suitable,"

Duan Mengyao looked toward Ye Cheng pleadingly. Ye Cheng also felt it was a bit funny but seeing the man's unhappiness he hesitated. Seeing the indecision, the general felt some hope that he wasn't going to be pinned with such a stupid nickname until Ye Cheng looked down and ask Da Gong, "What do you think?"

Da Gong: "Cluck cluck!" Of course, you must side with my baby! Do you want laozi to lose face?!

Ye Cheng nods seriously before turning apologetically to Duan Mengyao. "Sorry, Da Gong has spoken."

Meng Meng: '...' You might as well have not have hesitated at all! 




After two days Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin had run around the village getting their things all in order. Since Ye Cheng wasn't planning on coming back anytime soon, he figured it was best to buy a few more local specialties, while also looking into trading in their cart for a larger carriage and buying an extra horse. 

Originally they had only planned enough space to stock up various speciality products of a few different villages before heading straight to the nearest city which, while not a short distance, was not an awfully long one either, a few months at most. 

But the capital is different. Not only does it take longer to travel to but the cost of living is much higher than any other place. 

"I'm not familiar with the capital of Beijing," Ye Cheng explains frankly to Tang Muxin while carefully boxing up the treasures Tang Muxin had managed to unearth up at the market place into inconspicuous packages and cheap jars to avoid unwanted attention. "It's best to stick to the original plan as much as we can to maximise our profits and minimise any unknown problems. We'll head to Eastern Stone village and sell half our cloth products and anything else that might be too bulky and unsuitable to long travel. Our aim is to get to Kaifeng and sell at least half of the rest of our wares. Then we'll use the money to hire a boat to cross Huang He River and travel to Beijing."

"Okay," Tang Muxin nods helplessly. What else could she say? She couldn't exactly offer anything helpful ah. 

History wasn't her strong suit and her geography was only so-so, especially without trusty Baidu to help her. Jin Bao who was sitting on a napping Da Gong nearby also gave her a mental shrug. Sure he had Bebe but he didn't want his character in the story to be too smart.

Bebe: 'Heh. () So you know you're stupid.'

Jia Hyson: 'Well, I'm actually playing this character with you in mind so jokes on you bitch.'

Bebe: '...' 

"This is-" Yan Huizhong who was helping out by covering the more delicate items with old clothing, widened his eyes as he took a peek at the inside of one of the small boxes out of boredom. 

Isn't this Silk Pearl Powder?!

Yan Huizhong had studied various treasures in order to blend (bribe) his way into the imperial court. Mainly the easiest things to flatter people with were rare medicinal ingredients or beauty products. 

In order to win people over with his initially limited funds Yan Huizhong had recruited people and together they produced fake treasures. So he was actually very good at identifying the real things. That's why he was so shocked!

Genuine Silk Pearl Powder! A mystifying thing made from ground up Silk Pearls that are said to only be seen once every hundred years! A great ingredient for maintaining youth! This was worth a hundred times its weight in gold! 

Yan Huizhong's hands trembled as he quickly closed the box and wrapped it up in so much cloth it became a round ball. Could it be.. he actually encountered some amazing people? ( )

Because of his injuries he couldn't go out and therefore didn't know about Tang Muxin's stupid amazing luck that was buffed by Jia Hyson's lucky dragon presence. So Yan Huizhong could only logically assume these commoners were not as simple as originally thought. 

Meanwhile Meng Meng who had amnesia and was also from a military family that disdains bribery and overly flamboyant gifts, had no idea about the preciousness of the things they were handling. Instead he was obediently sitting in the corner playing with Xiao Shua the cat and Da Shen the dog and a few other more sociable animals. After he accidentally broke two cheap vases and one very expensive ornately carved antique box that Tang Muxin had stolen from the Tang family after she left. 

...He felt very ignored.  

"Miao miao," Xiao Shua meow-ed cutely as she bites softly on the amnesiac's finger while clawing cutely on his clothing, making Meng Meng feel much better. Da Shen was much lazier and merely lay down on top of the man's lap. The other animals were also playing around Meng Meng, exuding calming cuteness that soothed him greatly.

Meng Meng didn't think he was the sort of person who was so attractive to small animals. However it must be true. Why else would they so naturally gather around him then?

Meng Meng looked at his three newfound companions who were all sitting in the middle of the room full of various boxes and items and vases. Tang Muxin, the rather cold young lady with a deceptively sweet baby face and the rather sunny Ye Cheng were chatting about their nearest destination while Cao Huizhong, the cripple that was found in the same alley as him had moved closer to the pair and began trying to insert himself into the conversation. From the looks of it he was doing quite well.

Meng Meng, true to his new nickname felt both ignorant and sour. After all if he couldn't remember much and relied a lot of muscle memory and basic intuition. How would he know anything about the surrounding towns ah? Plus, he didn't seem to be the talkative type and felt awkward and slow when speaking. 

He sighs heavily as he pets the plump bunny named Little Rabbit who twitches his ears and nuzzles against his calloused hands cutely. At least the animals like him.

Jia Hyson who was getting bored saw Duan Mengyao sitting in the corner surrounded by fluff and scales and feathers. Feeling curious, he slithers off the napping Da Gong to crawl over.

"What's going on ah?" It's only been about a day and a half since they brought the general and eighth prince to the group. Generally, as animals, they should be more wary right? Especially for such a big guy like General Duan Mengyao. 

"We're grooming this human, Little Boss," Xiao Shua immediately stops selling meng to trot over and respectfully answers. Since the dragon bloodline had properly activated, the other animals have begun treating Jia Hyson much less casually and more like a little ancestor. 

Animals were far more sensitive than humans and the scent Jia Hyson has now is less of a weak baby and more of a young and powerful predator. If they hadn't been ingrained by Da Gong's tyranny some of the animals may have actually chosen to jump ship and switch allegiances to this strange lizard. Luckily it seems the two powerhouses have a very good relationship so there was no problems, only benefits for them ah. 

"...Grooming?" Jia Hyson felt he heard wrong.

Xiao Shua glanced at Meng Meng who was looking at them interestedly. Twitching her ears she lies down on her stomach in a 'hunting' posture toward her little boss, her little brush like tail wagging like she was excited at seeing a new toy to play with. 

However, from the laxness of her muscles it was clear to most sharp eyed animals that Xiao Shua was not actually serious. How could she actually be thinking of attacking the little boss?! Even before her instincts were telling her that this was a powerful opponent that can thrash and eat her easily, this was still the big boss' future mate! Of course she was only faking!

Acting like she was playing with the little lizard by tentatively pawing around Jia Hyson like a dumb kitten who didn't know how to hunt, Xiao Shua explains cheerfully, "Yes ah, Ye Cheng is very good but he is still the big boss' exclusive human first and foremost. It was okay before but now he is busy with other humans and have less time for our needs." Xiao Shua rolls on the floor, but her glittering eyes did not stray from Jia Hyson's golden ones, "That's why the best thing now is to groom one of the other humans to be our ideal human!"

Jia Hyson: "..." Is that what animals are really like?

Mistaking the silence for disdain, Xiao Shua immediately rolls back so she's on her stomach again, "Usually we will not debase ourselves so easily, don't get me wrong Little Boss, but we have limited time to train a human to our satisfaction! Wouldn't it be a waste to groom him so well only for him to leave immediately and use our teachings for some other furry slut while we get no benefits? Therefore, in order to reap the reward faster we must swallow our pride and sell meng!"

Jia Hyson: "...That seems to make sense."

"Plus, this human has no memory right? That makes it easier to teach him and be more devoted to us! And he is big and warm and seems energetic enough to go on walks with which is a good bonus." Xiao Shua concludes, her chest puffed up in pride at how smart she is. The other animals around Meng Meng call out their agreements.

"This human will be ours!"

"Laozi will teach him to brush me just right!"

"Watch us Little Boss, we will conquer this human within a week!"

"Hahaha a week? This dumb human will be kneeling and calling us daddy in four days maximum! ."

Meng Meng, surrounded by the cheerful voices of his animal companions: 'Aiyah, they are so stupid and adorable.' (..)

Jia Hyson and Bebe: '...' Lighting a candle for Meng Meng.

One should never look down on the IQ of animals ah.

...

It had been nearly three days since they had left the village and were on the road traveling. Even with an upgraded carriage it was inevitably to feel cramped and uncomfortable. Luckily the biggest person in the group, Meng Meng had retained the muscle memory of years of riding horses so he was often riding by the side of the carriage, instinctively acting as a guard. 

Lok Lok the horse seemed to be a little interested in the new horse Mei Mei though so often Meng Meng would somehow end up in front of the carriage chatting with Ye Cheng. Ye Cheng was happy to have someone to chat with during the long ride and Meng Meng was satisfied that he was finally integrating well into the small ragtag group.

Yan Huizhong of course could also ride- that is, under the premise he still had two working legs. 

Tang Muxin did not know how to ride a horse either so she was stuck in the carriage with the eighth prince. Maybe it was because they were the protagonist and the villain but neither liked each other at first sight and that impression had never improved nor have they strived to improve it, making the atmosphere in the carriage suffocating. 

The other animals who sensed the stagnant mood turned desperately to their two bosses for help only to find...

"Baby are you feeling a bit better now?" Da Gong clucks worriedly as he fans the nauseous Jia Hyson lying limply on a small box. There was a bit of old fabric Da Gong had pulled out of one of the vases in order to cover his little worm's eyes, hoping it would help bock the glaring sun in the sky.

"Nm," Jia Hyson groans appreciatively, his tail affectionately moves to curl around one of Da Gong's ankles, "Thank you Brother Gong-"

"Tch," Da Gong looks away awkwardly but shuffles closer toward his little worm so his tail doesn't get too strained from stretching out too far, "It's what any good rooster would do. No need for thanks."

Other animals: '...' Dog blood on the left, dog food on the right. Oh no. They're trapped.

Xiao Shua: "Big boss, I'm also feeling a little stuffy-"

Da Gong turned and gave the silly cat a cold look. "So?"

Xiao Shua: '...Nevermind.' QAQ

Other animals: '...' What good rooster? This was just a tyrant rooster bewitched by the beauty!

Unfortunately... the beauty is also a baby tyrant. Helpless.jpeg 

...

When on the road, it is inevitable that relationships will grow a bit stronger and strangers become more familiar. 

Tang Muxin who has been trying to retrain her body has become friendly with Meng Meng who couldn't help but feel restless if he didn't train and exercise in the mornings. They had quickly bonded through fists and Meng Meng felt very impressed seeing such a strong and ambitious girl with such interesting fighting techniques. It was common to see them practicing basic martial arts early in the day before Tang Muxin helps Ye Cheng cook breakfast.

Ye Cheng was a bit of a happy little social butterfly and usually ends up landing on the thorny flower that was Cao Huizhong. Since he was crippled, there was a large limit to what he could do and it was easy for him to feel moody and depressed if left alone. Ye Cheng had heard many labourers that become like this after breaking one leg, much less both so he took it upon himself to brightly chatter with the sullen man.

Surprisingly they had many topics to talk about and exchange with. While Ye Cheng was not as well learnt he had a lot of experience and insight that was fresh and interesting, not to mention he was witty and good at telling stories. Cao Huizhong was also a person who relied on sweet-talking and making small talk so he also had many interesting things to speak of as well, carrying a sarcastic tone that could make Ye Cheng chuckle a few times at. To both their pleasant surprise they found they could chat for hours without realising it.

It was very harmonious. But that also didn't mean there wasn't some friction. After all, unlike Ye Cheng, everyone else wasn't so used to this lifestyle. Jia Hyson and Tang Muxin where transmigrators who have experienced the luxury that is modern life and it's conveniences like air conditioning, fridges, and easy access to meat and seasonings. And the other two have more or less lived with a higher standard of living.

Especially when it came too food there was quite a bit of dissatisfaction, some more obvious than others.

Shockingly to Tang Muxin, Ye Cheng and Jia Hyson, it wasn't Cao Huizhong who was the main problem but Meng Meng. Cao Huizhong despite his initial attitude brimming with arrogance didn't complain or even make an obvious face of reluctance when eating their simple small meals filled with vegetables and rice. At most a light grimace really. Instead it was the large Meng Meng who became unhappy.

From portion size to food quality to a lack of meat... he couldn't help but grumble. He was bigger and required more energy after all ah.

Yan Huizhong who saw the man make a sour face at his watery soup sneers. In the palace the imperial chefs were as cruel as any concubine. To those in favour they will give them sumptuous feasts and carefully planned diets. But to those that not only are disdained and can't even afford to bribe them with a few silvers... it was lucky to get warm leftovers that hadn't been messed with. 

Even though he was a prince, his life before allying with the crown prince were worse than some servants. A pampered and loved son from the noble family who could bring his own military chef and was given some of the best food the military could provide given their limitations... how can they compare? 

Yan Huizhong chews the rice soaked in the soup with a slow and refined elegance, even if he was eating shit he refused to show an unsightly appearance unbecoming of the prince he knows he is. Even if his thoughts occasionally were bitter and full of envy and hatred and disgust for falling back into this pitiful situation, he just lowered his eyes and meekly chewed. 

Ye Cheng who was watching the two men on the opposite side of the table kept his mouth at a lazy smile but his cat like eyes were narrowed in thought. 

People can learn a lot from eating habits. Meng Meng clearly dislikes the food in all aspects but other than some small complaints and not so subtle questions poking around the topic he hasn't outright complained. Clearly he's used to some good quality of life, definitely not a commoner- but he's also very well disciplined. From the looks of his appearance, strict, taciturn personality and past actions highlighting his strength and physical capabilities he may be a soldier of some sort. 

Cao Huizhong though felt much more contradictory. Ye Cheng knows nobles well, even the wealthy commoners will look down on him like he was an ant not to mention those who believe they have some sort of blood superiority toward him. There is always a gap between people and inevitably as a consequence there will always be someone a little higher that can't help but look down on the other. 

Meng Meng does it. Tang Muxin will also do so. And even Ye Cheng also will admit to doing the same. 

Cao Huizhong is certainly no exception to this, though he does well in hiding it when he remembers to do so. 

And yet it was also Cao Huizhong who was the easiest to feed. Ye Cheng clicks his tongue thoughtfully. Could he be unfavored? A mistress's child that was lucky enough to be adopted into the household? 

It's a good thing not to be so picky and incur losses trying to satisfy their taste palates but in the long term, in Ye Cheng's eyes anyway, this man's value has lowered significantly. 

After all, who doesn't know how messy large family's can be, especially the rich ones. If you're unfavored to the point that one can even eat clear tasteless vegetable soup without complaint there's a good chance they may not be that happy having that person come back. Hell, they could even be punished for bringing Cao Huizhong back, much less rewarded. 

Scratching his head, Ye Cheng sighs loudly as he begins to fill up the food bowls for his hungry babies that were pawing at his feet. His luck is usually so good, how come it seems he's picked up three fully grown burdens, each with either a complicated family situation, a serious injury and or an inability slash lack of knowledge on being a self reliant poor person. 

Tang Muxin is okay because it seems her luck in buying treasures defies the heavens and she has adapted to cooking more or less though she still struggles with using the fire for anything more complex than cooking rice, boiling soup and frying meat. She also seems to have adapted well without servants, which is fair since in the Tang Family she had long been punished by not being allowed servants to help her anymore since she forced three to try poison the official wife. 

In short, the bear child is on her way to reformation but is still at the level of an eleven year old when it comes to dealing with society.

No wait, that's not fair. Eleven year olds in this society are already considered able to work in the farms and gain apprenticeships ah. She, who is almost seventeen and didn't even understand the concept of their currency, can be considered inferior to an eleven year old.

Inferior to an eleven year old Tang Muxin: '...'

Meng Meng was a bit slow and had a voracious appetite which was a huge downside given how Ye Cheng wants to try tighten their purse strings until they reach the more populated towns and cities. Fortunately, other than the loss of memories, the man has common sense and has got physical strength. He was also a bit gruff but obedient when offered extra food, very tame-able.

Really, like a literal bear child ah. 

Literal bear child Meng Meng: '...'

Then finally there was Cao Huizhong... other than not being picky with food and having the best brain, he was pretty much useless in most domestic chores. From washing dishes to doing the laundry, he was incapable and lacking in knowledge. If Ye Cheng had any doubts that the man was a noble, they were definitely gone now ah. So pretty on the outside but the truth is Cao Huizhong is in reality useless and possibly might even be lacking in value- he really picked up a cheap fucking vase! 

Cheap vase Eighth Prince Yan Huizhong: '...' 

Secretly poisonous Ye Cheng: 'Aiyah, it's so sad, why am I so kind oh-?'

Tang Muxin, Duan Mengyao, Yan Huizhong: Hehe ()

...







"Ah!" 

Meng Meng quickly reaches up to steady Tang Muxin, his large warm hands holding her waist and lower back firmly. Tang Muxin however wasn't so self conscious about it, too absorbed in trying not to fall off Mei Mei the horse. 

Once she feels more stable she looks down at Meng Meng gratefully. "Thank you," 

Meng Meng nods curtly, "It isn't a problem, try leaning forward and find your centre of balance."

If a stranger passed by they would find this scene of a handsome man teaching the pretty young girl how to ride a horse rather ambiguous and full of subtle romantic air. Unfortunately Meng Meng was written as a straight steel man who was incompetent with feelings and Tang Muxin was a protagonist who didn't have a male lead and therefore never awakened her awareness to men or some bullshit. 

Jia Hyson tsk-ed, flicking out his little forked tongue. He didn't know if Duan Mengyao will continue to fulfill his destiny as a supporting male lead or surpass the heavens and turn into a proper male lead for Tang Muxin but at the very least they can't ditch him anymore. Even if Jia Hyson felt that the man was a bit too lame to be a male lead, Tang Muxin seems to like him well enough and there was so much playing god he could do given the situation. 

Jia Hyson: 'Hah, you can play with people's lives but it's difficult to play with their hearts.'

Bebe:   'Did you just quote yourself from a previous book?'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe, cut me a slack, it's still my words okay? Theres a limited amount of poignancy in the world, it's fine to reuse and recycle a bit.' 

Bebe: 'Heh.' 

Seeing that his relationship with his system is full of thorns, scum Hyson immediately ran away to be comforted in the arms of his little lover. 

Wife Bebe: 'Oi, who says Bebe was blind enough to marry you?' 

Little lover Da Gong: '...' This rooster was promised an official title. Don't make laozi into a little three all of a sudden. 

"Brother Gong-" Jia Hyson nuzzled into his neck feathers, chirping coquettishly, "Aiyah, you're really the best-, let's hug oka-y?"

Little lover Da Gong: '...'

Da Gong puffed up his feathers to become even fluffier to the touch, "Whatever you want baby." 

"Brother Gong! You're so good to me ahhh!" (,,,>  <,,)

Tang Muxin who was in range and can telepathically hear Jia Hyson: '...' 

Fuck! Why is it that she feels her fellow male transmigrator is more of a green tea bitch cheering for her sugar daddy?!

"Is there something wrong?" 

Tang Muxin looks at Meng Meng who looked back at her with faint concern and blushed a little. Over the past few weeks she had accumulated a lot of goodwill towards this man. 

As a supporting male lead, while a bit dull in comparison to the other supporting male leads, Duan Mengyao had a good character. He liked strong independent women and did not discriminate as much as other men of ancient times. There was a natural bias of course, it would be a miracle to find a man who fully believed in the existence of gender equality in this patriarchal era, but he was good enough. Trainable and obedient. In short, very cute. 

"No, it's nothing," she denies with a smile. "I was just looking at Jin Bao and Da Gong spread their daily serving of dog food." 

Meng Meng chuckles. After so many days living together, both him and Cao Huizhong have gotten more or less used to the strange pairing of rooster and lizard. It had become normal to joke about their overly affectionate interactions. "That rooster is really..." he shakes his head exasperatedly. 

While he still didn't have all his memories he can confidently say he had never met such a rooster like this in his life. 

After all, this was a rooster who was as strong as a grown man ah! No, even grown men would struggle to take down a horse with no weapons but this bird, tsk, forget taking them down he can make them kneel and cry daddy! 

A week ago while traveling on the road they encountered bandits. It wasn't surprising. The carriage they used was bigger than before and it was clearly full of items. Plus there were only two able bodied men, a cripple and a woman taking care of the cargo. Who wouldn't normally see this group as a fat pig ready for slaughter? 

Unfortunately, this fat pig had a big wolf... and that wolf was actually a rooster. 

Meng Meng and Tang Muxin who were ready to fight and show off their innate strength, honed fighting skills and natural abilities could only pull down two bandits each before Da Gong flew up and scratched the flesh off the bandit leader's throat. 

Not only did they not get to flex their character strengths and cement their status as being a useful member of the group, they even had to be stuffed with dog food as the fierce chicken pretended to be a weak chicken feigning injury in front of the damn lizard! 

Jia Hyson who was hidden and guarded by the animals at the time (orders from Da Gong) had genuinely been a bit frightened. He had heard a lot of Da Gong's strength but he had never seen it before. And even if Da Gong was stronger than the average rooster, no matter what, birds had hollow bones and a lack of flexibility due to the their skeletal structure. These bandits had knives and swords ah! 

You can't just bring a chicken to a knife fight and expect to win okay?! 

With his new baby dragon strength Jia Hyson had wanted to rush out to help but the sharp eyed eighth prince had grabbed him at the time. Even if his stats were boosted he was still a baby unfortunately. Maybe he could've slipped out from Ye Cheng or even Tang Muxin's hands who would have hesitated to hurt him but to the rather ruthless and annoyingly strong Yan Huizhong, he could only struggle and squeal in anger. 

Jia Hyson: 'Wuwuwu you beast! Where are you touching? Let go! I need to save my family's Da Gong!'

The beast Yan Huizhong who can only hear baby lizard screeches: 'Huh. This thing is actually pretty cute.' 

Of course in retrospect what Yan Huizhong did was probably the best. Jia Hyson hasn't shown any skills other than selling meng and holding golden (chicken) thighs. He would only needlessly distract and worry others if he made an appearance with his eye catching golden body. 

However that meant Jia Hyson could only hear the fight and didn't have much information. Of course he had Bebe but Bebe's commentary was... very lacking. 

Bebe, eating melon seeds: 'Aahhh! Watch out! No! To the left! Dodge it! Aaaah why didn't you dodge?! Oh damn that's so smart! Fuck! Ah, ah, ah! Too damn exciting!' 

Jia Hyson who got no information: '...' Fucking useless system, why on earth do I even let you steal my data? 

By the time the fighting finally ended Jia Hyson could only rush out the carriage and check the rooster worriedly for any injuries. By now his dependence on the bird after only a few weeks had probably reached what took Sefu years to accomplish (Sefu shard:   suddenly hit from nowhere, critical hit). 

Jia Hyson: 'Are you okay? Did you get hurt? Why did you rush out like that? You have to be more careful aiyah!' 

Da Gong stares at his frantic looking little worm contemplatively for a few seconds before immediately pretending to totter around as if exhausted before falling to his side. "Pain," he clucks pitifully.

Tang Muxin and Meng Meng who watched Da Gong take down at least nine bandits without a scratch: '...' 

An emperor on the battlefield and a queen in drama. Is there nothing Da Gong will conquer? 

The pair of animals then proceeded to enact out a scene filled with sweet dog food as Da Gong points out to all the ruffled feathers on his body pretending they're body wounds and Jia Hyson following along by carefully grooming and petting him. 

Jia Hyson: 'Does it still hurt?'

Da Gong: 'Hurt.' (  )

Jia Hyson, brushing the broken feathers out carefully with his claws, 'Better?'

Da Gong: 'No.' (,,,,)

Jia Hyson, shyly licking the 'injury': 'Now?'

Da Gong: 'En.' (" (,,,,) 

Tang Muxin, a bruised and battered fellow transmigrator who is literally bonded to the ingrate of a dragon through their soul: '...' Fucking useless mascot, why on earth do I even feed you? 

This memory was deeply engraved into the hearts of everyone but Ye Cheng and his group who were used to the absurd OP-ness of their family's Da Gong merely waved it off as another memory. To them, the only thing unique about this scene is when Da Gong decided to shamelessly spread dog food with his lizard friend which also made them speechless. 

After all, they knew Da Gong was a tyrant, but who knew he was also moonlighting as a film emperor too?! 

It's really inconceivable how talented this fucking rooster was.

Da Gong: 'Cluck.' 

Anyway, the point is, even the physically skilled general and the arrogant eighth prince could not help but feel a bit of respect and awe for such an amazing big cock. 

Not only does the cock have great attack power, he also has stamina and technique, able to easily aim for the weak spots in a man causing them to cry out and kneel. Yan Huizhong and Duan Mengyao (if he had his memory restored) could only admit that even some of their less skilled soldiers could only beg down and worship this tyrannical cock. 

Bebe: '...' For some reason Bebe feels like it should retort but Bebe isn't sure why. Almostbreakingthefourthwall.gif

To be honest, if Da Gong wasn't such a... rooster, Meng Meng and Yan Huizhong would treat him as a fellow warrior comrade or scheme to turn him into a loyal follower. 

In contrast, Tang Muxin who had a useless animal companion with human intelligence as a comrade had long reconstructed her three views and treated Da Gong like a little ancestor with minimum internal struggles by now. 

As for Ye Cheng... that pet slave had lost any trace of normal understanding to the intelligence levels of animals. It was even to a point where, when Tang Muxin finally mustered up the courage to tell Ye Cheng that Jia Hyson's dragon name is Jin Bao, the man didn't fight her but just went up to Jia Hyson to ask for his opinion. 

"They look like they're getting along really well." Ye Cheng mildly comments as he sips on some watery tea. He and Cao Huizhong were sitting on by the campfire, enjoying the evening breeze. Both of them weren't really inclined to athleticism, though in Cao Huizhong's case that was purely due to his current disabilities holding him back. So unlike Tang Muxin and Meng Meng who spend their free time exercising and training their body with Da Gong occasionally tagging along, Ye Cheng and Cao Huizhong were more inclined to chat and play various card and board games.

Tang Muxin, out of pure boredom, had introduced various easy tabletop games to pass the time and had earned her a lot of praise. Ye Cheng and Cao Huizhong were especially fond of them. Right now they were playing chess as they watched idly. 

Yan Huizhong took a glance at Tang Muxin laughing at something the general had said while the general watches her with a quite indulgent smile. He scoffs, "Fools go well with fools."

Ye Cheng maintains his smile, taking another sip of tea as he moves his knight across the board. Maybe it was because Tang Muxin carved the knight pieces as the typical horse appearance, but Ye Cheng was particularly fond of using it the most. 

Yan Huizhong who noticed that Ye Cheng had once again chosen to move his knight can't help but roll his eyes. Still, even though the knight was open to be attacked by his bishop, he silently ignores this freebie and moves a pawn one step forward on the opposite side of the board.

"I really thought you would've taken my knight ba," Ye Cheng sighs in relief, seeing the other man had carelessly failed to notice his disadvantage. Quickly he moves his knight to a safer spot. He protected his two horses better than he protected his king really. 

Clicking his tongue Yan Huizhong uses his queen to take down one of Ye Cheng's rooks skillfully. "I'm still not used to the game," he complains, "That Tang Muxin is really awful at explaining it. Of course I would have a few oversights now and then."

Ye Cheng's cat like eyes flicker over the reddening earlobes of the haughty noble man but doesn't say anything. The only indication to his thoughts was his widening smile. 

Surprisingly quite easy to read, tsk, tsk. It seems like it'll be another win for him ah. 

Under close quarters and the loneliness of long travel, it was inevitable everyone had gotten closer over time. And while there was naturally some preferences and clashes, the group was small enough that the relationships were not too complicated. It also helped there was an assortment of animals that could sell meng and diffuse the majority of any tension created. 

Jia Hyson who was now playing hide and seek with Da Gong and the other animals looked at the rather ambiguous scene between Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao, and the rather soothing scene of an elderly couple starting Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong, before sighing. This sort of ancient transmigration slice of life story that didn't solely revolve around cooking was actuality quite popular. It wouldn't be too bad to keep it up like this.

Unfortunately, as the protagonist, Tang Muxin had really not face many trials or tribulations. The only faceslapping that had ever occurred since she came was from Da Gong. It wouldn't be too bad but it was just that Da Gong had a tendency to faceslap Tang Muxin's face.

It was really very unbecoming of a protagonist. 

'Bebe..'

'For fucks sake Bebe is not going to use Bebe's limited abilities to scout out where the other animals are hiding.' Bebe snaps, 'Bebe does not condone cheating. Don't blame Bebe for not helping. It's not Bebe's fault you suck at hide and seek.' 

Jia Hyson: '...' This relationship is falling apart. 

'I wasn't going to ask about that,' Jia Hyson coughs embarrassingly. Though to be fair, he really was not very good at hide and seek. It wasn't that his senses were bad or anything, it was just that these animals were too powerful. They lived their whole lives in nature and their ability to camouflage was vital to their safety and ability to find food. Not to mention, save for Da Gong and Da Shen, everyone else but the horses that were busy with Tang Muxin and Meng Meng, was quite small. 

And he... was also quite small.

In short, hide and seek was very hard for this human in a baby liz- dragon's body! 

Jia Hyson scuttles around to try find someone while conversing with Bebe, 'It already been a while, why haven't we reached any towns yet?' In the past few weeks they've only come across two other rural villages. Jia Hyson felt like, while the story so far is quite comfortable and fluffy, too much may be a bit dull. Other than the bandit fight there wasn't many exciting points in this plot yet. It would be best to enter a town and do some faceslapping or something. 

'Host,' Bebe sighs, 'this isn't modern times where getting to the next city takes a day trip by car. You're using horses and carts now. It'll be impressive if you get to Beijing in three months honestly.' 

From Kaifeng to Beijing in modern times, the shortest distance of A to B is about 653km, loosely estimating about six to seven days travel by foot if you disregard the need to eat, sleep or human fatigue and injury. And this is when there are smooth pavements, roads and easy access to food and water. 

In this time period, Tang Muxin the protagonist, and Pan Shuchun, the original original protagonist haven't made any waves yet. In order for both these individuals to show off their haloes, the current climate of the country wasn't very good, especially in the rural areas. Bad weather conditions, sudden rainfalls and drought, rocky and or slippery roads, constant mountainous hills and bandits are everywhere like sprinkles on a children's birthday cake. 

Plus they had to make time to gather food, to set up camp, and to sleep. Not to mention they would spend a few days to a week in every settlement to stock up and trade for goods. To get from Kaifeng to Beijing would probably take ten times longer. Especially since the Huang River will not have any nice little engine boats to push them across either.

Of course, that stuff about crossing the river was not really a concern currently. Right now they haven't even reached Kaifeng yet. 

Jia Hyson who listens to this explanation with a blank face: '...' It seems he and geography will never be fated to understand each other. 

As a man who was used to taking the plane or taxi, and had also almost failed the map reading part of geography classes, Jia Hyson could calmly and honestly say, he really couldn't comprehend how long it would take to travel across half the county in ancient times. 

"Squeak!" 

Jia Hyson jumps in fright. So into his own thoughts about the travel situation and how the slow plot may affect the interests of the readers, he had accidentally found the hiding place of the fat field mouse Little Fatty and stepped on his tail. "Ah, sorry, sorry!" 

"Wuuu..." Little fatty clutches his tail and looks pitifully at Jia Hyson. "It's fine, luckily you're not as heavy as the others," 

Even though Jia Hyson grew a bit bigger thanks to Tang Muxin's cooking, he was still embarrassingly small as a dragon. It seems unless Tang Muxin improves her cooking technique or gains some ingredients with more spiritual energy, Jia Hyson's body won't grow. 

The only difference is that his scales are now a beautiful shining gold color now and his claws looked like they were carved from white jade. Even his tail hair was like a beautiful white paintbrush dipped in pearl powder. While the humans other than Tang Muxin have grown a little suspicious over what Jia Hyson was, the animals have already instinctively identified Jia Hyson as a dragon baby. 

If they treated him well before, they treated him like a little emperor now. The only one whose behavior was unchanged was Da Gong's, which puzzled Jia Hyson and Bebe somewhat. 

In short, while he hasn't become bigger the more he ate, he had become much more attractive ah. 

"Still," Jia Hyson felt a bit bad, for rodent's their tails are relatively more sensitive and delicate. Even if he wasn't using any strength and he wasn't that heavy, he couldn't retract his claws and and had accidentally gave the poor rat a small cut. "Let me lick it."

It must be said, after a while living as an animal, Jia Hyson has adapted fairly well. His first reaction to every small injury seemed to be using his tongue now. To be fair, his dragon saliva was really good. Not only did it have healing properties, it was antibacterial and still soft on the skin. Honestly, if it wasn't so disgusting and hard to explain, Tang Muxin who had now developed a small interest in being a merchant from Ye Cheng, would have suggested to bottle and sell his spit. 

Of course what wasn't disgusting wasn't really using dragon saliva. After all, bird's nest is a popular medicinal drink many people love to consume, Jia Hyson included. But knowing that Jin Bao wasn't just an animal but one with a human soul, the thought becomes a little hard to swallow. Tis is the double standards of humanity. 

It is not necessarily a cruel practice either, as swiftlets will make nests and discard them 5-6 times a year so humans can pick up the leftovers and free up space for a new bird to build another nest. Of course there are some unscrupulous people but eh, isn't that the same with other things as well?

Little Fatty, as a born and bred mouse did not object, and was even very flattered this small boss is willing to lick his injury. After all, one can interpret this as both animals having a good relationship as licking and grooming is often a very communal act for many animal groups. This clearly shows the small boss has him in his heart aiyo! Doesn't that mean he, this simple field mouse, is considered to be viewed on a similar level to this dragon? 

With excitement he lifted his tail and held it to Jia Hyson expectantly. 

His ancestor stepped on an ox to reach fame and glory, if he became close friends with a dragon wouldn't he ascend straight to heaven?! 

Funfact: In the story the rat also screwed over the cat (some stories say they were friends in the past some said the cat originally always bullied the rat) by not waking it up for the race, letting it miss the opportunity of a lifetime and that's also why the cat chases the rat. 

Jia Hyson was unaware of a little mouse's calculations and dropped his head down and licked the wound. 

[Ding, ding! Animal Charmer has increased to Level 3!] 

[Ding, ding! Cinderella's Little Helpers (Active) has increased to Level 2!]

Jia Hyson: ???

Simply put, [Animal Charmer] levels up when you become friendly with three or more individuals of one species. However there's a bit more to the requirements since many hosts have complied about the vagueness of certain skills' instructions on how to level up. For [Animal Charmer] one can improve it by successfully gaining a certain amount of favourability with at least three or more individuals of the same species, unlock a specific prerequisite or gain an incredibly high affection rating for one animal. 

In this case, Jia Hyson had managed to accomplish two of those- gaining a high affection rating and unlocking the prerequisite of healing a mouse and earning its gratitude and acknowledgement. To be honest the two are pretty interconnected as Little Fatty only increased it's loyalty and love because Jia Hyson was willing to heal itself who was of a much lower status than him. 

Of course if Jia Hyson wasn't a dragon, and just some lizard who happened to be doted on by Big Boss Da Gong, Little Fatty would have been a little appreciative but would not have increased his favourability as much. It's the difference between the dragon emperor bestowing favour on a subject and a concubine bestowing favour. One clearly would move an individual far more.

As for [Cinderella's Little Helpers (Active)]... to be honest Jia Hyson had forgotten about this skill. But once it appeared before his eyes he quickly remembered this skill he had randomly bought during the fairytale sale on Bebay. This skill summoned three helper mice who will become more and more capable the more they level up. In order to improve the level, one must shower them with affection, interact with them often, treat them well, and improve favourability. 

Since [Animal Charmer] naturally boosts the favourability of the animals he has befriended... it seems Jia Hyson had gotten lucky and killed two birds with one stone this time ah.

Bebe: 'You are the only host Bebe has seen that could level up this skill without even using it yet.' Even though upgrading from level 1 to level 2 for this skill was abnormally easy, you still had activated it and meet the summoned mice okay?! The whole point of level 1 to 2 was so you get acquainted with the summoned mice! Don't you feel the mice are very pitiful now??

Jia Hyson sensed the silent accusation in his system's words. After so many years with this naggy system he can more or less hear all the unspoken tsukkomi that it wanted to express. He touches his snout guiltily with a claw.

"Little Boss, you're so amazing! My wound is already healing so fast oh!" Little Fatty admires loudly. Little Fatty was genuinely impressed, it had seen the little dragon lick Da Gong a lot but because of the feathers how could anyone tell if the dragon's saliva had such good healing properties? In his heart, Litty Fatty gives two big thumbs up to himself for holding this golden thigh early. Really! So good!

"En," Jia Hyson says absentmindedly, not really bothering to look at how the fat mouse was twirling around, admiring the rapidly healing cut on it's tail. He was too busy looking at the [Cinderella's Little Helpers (Active)] skill in contemplation. "Hey, Little Fatty, want to see a magic trick?"

While Little Fatty wasn't really sure what magic was, the fat mouse with it's simple calculations and now almost blind loyalty to Jia Hyson just nodded it's head eagerly. "Of course! I want to see whatever Little Boss wants to show me!" It cheers.

"Sounds, good," Jia Hyson nods approvingly at the fanaticism. "Okay let me just..."

Suddenly in front of Jia Hyson, a faint light blue magic circle glowed on the grass. The glow seemed to be filled with special effects as you can see sparkles in the light of the glow like a light show at night... it was a little cartoon-y ah. 

The sparkles quickly condense and turn into a swirl of sparkly light, spiralling upwards and producing three mice from thin air. Jia Hyson narrows his eyes at this surprisingly magical summoning. This, wasn't this almost the same effect as Cinderella's dress transformation scene from a certain big mouse's company?! There was even soft music that should be the same as in the movie too!

Fuck, they really aren't scared of copyright ah!

Bebe: '...' _

Jia Hyson crawls closer to the three little mice. Maybe because the level is low they look like infant mice. Not so young that they're pink and wrinkly but young enough that they were tiny and seemed like they had just grown in their fur. 

They looked very cute but at the same time, they were clearly just normal brown field mice like Little Fatty. The only thing that made them stand out was that they were all wearing something golden dragon themed in some manner. Mouse 1 was wearing a gold scale patterned vest. Mouse 2 had golden gloves. And Mouse 3 was the most eccentric- it was like his brown fur was lightly sprayed with some gold paint and his back was styled so it looked like it had spikes running down it similar to typical western dragons.

Jia Hyson: '...' Well at least he can pick them out of a lineup then.

'The mice are given the most basic appearance as brown field mice.' Bebe quickly informs him with the attitude of an attentive retail worker working on commission, 'Their default outfits will generally match with host's current identity but don't worry host. Once you level them up or are willing to spend some points we can unlock the wardrobe function and alter the appearance and outfits of the mice. Of course the higher the level or the more you're willing to spend, there will be more options. Personality is randomised though. If you wish to change that you have to reset the skill and re-summon all three again.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Isn't this just an advanced mouse version of any virtual raise your own pet game ever then?

"Cinderelly!" Mouse 1 squeaks joyfully. The other two mice also follow suit with equal enthusiasm. 

"Cinderelly!" "Cinderelly!"

Jia Hyson: '...' Fuck, he did vaguely remember that being called this was non-negotiable was in the description. But he really thought it was a joke!

Systems! You can create mice with random personalities and custom outfits but you can't make them change the way they refer to their master?! As if he would believe that ah!

Bebe: '...You can actually change it when the skill reaches level 59.'

Jia Hyson didn't even want to retort at that anymore.

Meanwhile Little Fatty was stunned before become excited. It seems that all dragons have mice servants? No wonder ah! 

Even though the mice were odd looking and were referring to the Little Boss in a strange manner, Little Fatty felt like this is merely because these were a different breed of mouse specially raised to be a dragon's servant. Why else would they have gold on their body? 

Ingratiatingly, Little Fatty quickly made it's way to cozy up and flatter the special mice.

Jia Hyson felt bemused at the scene. However he also felt vaguely like he forgot something rather important. Brushing the anxiety off, he was about to join the fluffy group and acquaint himself with his newly summoned mice helpers when a familiar dark shadow covered the area around him.

He looked up to see a panting Da Gong staring fiercely at him.

Da Gong who had been hiding very carefully from his little worm had been contemplating changing to a more obvious hiding place so his little worm could find him when the paddy snake Little Paddy came and informed him that it saw the little worm licking Little Fatty's tail! Furious Da Gong had rushed to the spot Little Paddy had described . 

Even though in his heart Da Gong felt like the little worm wouldn't cheat on him with some fat field mouse, Da Gong decided that if he acted a little sulky, his worm would pepper him with more affection in the next few days. Maybe if he played his cards right he could even get his little worm to cling to him for a week! 

However when Da gong finally arrived at the scene...

On one side is his little worm looking with a warm affectionate(?) gaze at Little Fatty. On the other side is Little Fatty with three even smaller field mice.

This would have still been acceptable if the three baby mice didn't have parts of them that we're golden or scaly.

Three baby field mice that had characteristics like his little worm...

Da Gong: !!!

Already had children?! How long had he been hiding?!




Jia Hyson's gaze moves to where Da Gong's were and felt the familiar feeling of meeting a recent ex-girl slash boyfriend while in an ambiguous position with his new lover. His eyes slide back over to Da Gong and had to amend his analogy. 

It was more like the familiar feeling of meeting a not so ex-stalker while in an ambiguous position with his new lover. 

However for once this was really a big ridiculous misunderstanding ah! 

Bebe: '...This is karmic gold lol.' 

However, Jia Hyson was not your typical stupid shou who would create misunderstanding after misunderstanding unknowingly. He was an author with strong emotional intelligence and an experienced slag man. One could tell this solely by the fact that he didn't die earlier by a lover's hands ah.

Bebe: '...'   This explanation started off so well and then it died a swift and scummy death. 

Taking a deep breath, Jia Hyson scuttles up to Da Gong and, under the rooster's cold silver eyes, boops the bird's chest with his nose. His golden eyes go wide and watery as he coquettishly whines, "Brother Gong, Brother Gong, don't be angry. This really isn't what it looks like. You know I like you the most-" 

He rubs his face affectionately into the soft black feathers, his breath tickling Da Gong and inadvertently thawing the ice in the bird's eyes. "Please Brother Gong, I don't want you to be angry, let me explain oh-"

Bebe: 'What disgusting display of shameless kissing up and thigh holding is this.' 

Jia Hyson: 'Hey, don't knock it till you try it, my stalkers and more yandere partners loved this stuff.'  

Straightforward and cute is a solid combination. If you try and hide it or act nervous people, especially in an emotional high strung state, will definitely overthink and overreact ah. It's like seeing delusional stalker serial killers kidnapping people because they believe they're the 'one'- if you panic, act hysterical and fight back mindlessly it's merely seeking death. The best thing is to go with the flow, play along and either figure out an escape route or gave yourself enough time for someone to save you. 

Bebe: 'That's very specific.'

Jia Hyson: 'Eh, that shit always pops up on crime shows.'

Bebe: 'Oh.'

Jia Hyson: 'How else do you think I learnt this messy stuff from ah? It didn't help that most of those killers were very attractive, tsk, tsk. I suppose this is what we get for beautifying murder with hot people in the media.' 

Bebe:   'And there it is.' 

No matter how Jia Hyson learnt it, it did seem to be quite effective. Da Gong's hackles had been lowered by half and his feathers were no longer puffing up to reflect his aggressiveness. "Explain then," he clucks shortly. 

Jia Hyson opens his lying little mouth and says, with his words slick like oil and sweet as honey, "Think about it Brother Gong. How could I have kids with Little Fatty ah? I barely speak to him much less touch him!"

Da Gong paused before nodding. This was true. Out of all the animals, Little Fatty was not very interactive with the little worm. The little worm apart from himself, will hang out with Xiao Shua, Da Shen or the paddy snake Little Paddy. And even then it couldn't compare to the time the little worm clings onto him. 

Thinking that Da Gong felt even better. But before his feathers could relax they stood up again.

No! That still doesn't explain the three babies that have his little worm's color and other traits on them! 

Jia Hyson who was an old driver in handling crazy, could easily see the normally incomprehensible jump in logic from the rooster's body language. He poked his arm with one of his claws to try calm himself. His family's Da Gong was so stupid and cute ahhh! 

He was seriously considering the logistics of getting fucked by a rooster now. It was either that or killing and eating the cutie alive ah-

Bebe: '...So the options are beastiality or vore.' How classy. 

Jia Hyson: 'Technically it's interspecies sex or vore. You know, because I'm also a beast.' You fucking dumbass. 

Bebe: '...That you are.' A beast, that is. 

Ignoring his own excitement, Jia Hyson communicates to the summoned mice helpers telepathically. Similar to his own situation with Tang Muxin, the mice can be mentally prompted to do things. The main difference between his bond with the mice and his bond with Tang Muxin's is that no matter what form, he can also communicate verbally with the mice as well. 

Giving the mice some mental instructions Jia Hyson then calls them out verbally, "Babies, come here!" 

He watches them roll and crawl quickly and obediently to him. They were only level two so they didn't have any complex thoughts and weren't able to think for themselves or actively solve problems. Right now they were more like simple high tech robots. If you told them to do something they won't question it but they also won't do much else. 

Jia Hyson didn't mind. Right now he didn't need much IQ to accomplish his goal. 

He points a claw at himself.

"What do you call me?" He asks. 

"Mummy Cinderelly!"

If Da Gong was a human, one could tell his expression was very dark right now. However before he could throw a fit Jia Hyson then pointed a claw at the rooster and asked,

"And him?"

"Daddy!" All three chorused. 

Da Gong: () !!! 

Bebe: '...Are you fucking serious?'  

Jia Hyson: 'Heh. Works every time.'

Bebe: 'You've done this more than once?! How?!' 

For a second Da Gong looked swayed but he quickly shook himself out of it. He can't be fooled! Those were clearly mice! Mice! 

Listening to Da Gong huffily point this out, Jia Hyson was not panicked. Even though Da Gong was very smart, it was only smart for a rooster. Real logic doesn't necessarily have to be applied to convince him.

Bebe silently recalls the two people who successfully albeit temporarily locked down his slag host's heart. Drake Lanzoni, who was so dumb he didn't even know Adrian's sister was Maddie, and Sefu Karamoy who's brains were full of pits and convoluted stupidity. The only other thing these two shared was strong doting capabilities and good sexual chemistry.

Bebe: 'So it turns out your type is the brain dead stupid and handsome ones ah.'

Jia Hyson: 'No, wait, that's a coincidence, I swear!' He doesn't have such inclinations! He's only interested in top tier domineering daddies! 

Bebe: 'Heh.' A manipulative scum man and a foolish wolf pup type. It's a little fitting.

Ignoring his system, Jia Hyson focuses on his foolish little rooster. Patiently and calmly like he was imparting general knowledge to a child he chirps, "Brother Gong, you don't know but it's very hard for different animals to make babies with each other. When they do they look a bit funny right?"

"I know that." Da Gong nods. There's not much entertainment in the countryside so there were many children who try encourage cross species breeding with their chickens and ducks. It was very rare but occasionally their attempts were successful, producing chickens with webbed feet or vice versa, containing both traits of the birds to certain degrees. 

Da Gong had also been curious about this but since this sort of thing didn't happen often and the little cross breeds end up dying quickly, he was too lazy to pay attention to it. 

Seeing he more or less understands Jia Hyson continues, "If the different animals are both birds the baby will also be a bird. But what about us? I have scales and brother gong has feathers. Therefore our babies must be something in the middle." 

"That's why they have fur!" Da Gong clucks, putting two and two together. Using this strange logic, willingness to agree with his little worm and unwillingness to wear a green hat, his little rooster brain turned quickly and produced other explanations from this premise. "Between black and gold is also brown! No ears and sharp ears produce round ears! I see!" 

Bebe: '...' The only thing Bebe sees is a blind person, ah, no, a blind rooster. 

As for why the thought about the fact he and his little worm never copulated made things impossible in the first place... truth be told, after some thought he had concluded he must have accidentally done it. Yes. That must be it.

After all, rooster mating is a bit different to normal animal sex. For starters, they don't have a penis. Instead they have a papilla in their cloaca which is really nothing like male genitalia other than the fact semen comes out of it. 

Generally roosters mate by getting on top of the female, dipping their tails downward and letting their cloacas 'kiss' the hen's. This all takes only a matter of seconds. Roosters also had a very high sex drive and can mate up to 30 times a day. 

However Da Gong, after the initial maturity where he had been overcome with an urge to mate, had never really felt the compulsion to act on it since. This was considered very abnormal in a rooster. 

Da Gong also felt that way but, he didn't see a need to change it. Hens were too clucky anyway. Not as good as himself. The only hen he did mate with at the beginning also died from a fever. His eggs had not survived either, so he felt less inclined to try it again. 

His human is the same way. Ever since he's been a chick his human did not like to be too intimate with other humans and was very wary of women to the extent he would try scare them off with a constant stream of babble from his mouth. Da Gong felt they really were well matched. Two abnormal animals. 

But he had noticed Ye Cheng, unlike himself, could not completely ignore the sexual urges and would often touch himself or occasionally leak a little on the bed. Ye Cheng had told him it wasn't urine and it was a perfectly normal thing and while Da Gong didn't really believe him, he figured it was best to just believe it. Having a leaky human is a bit embarrassing after all. 

But what if it was a normal thing?!

Da Gong had sat on his little worm many times, sometimes when it was cold at night he would let the worm sleep under him to keep warm- what if he accidentally did a night leak as well??? 

Therefore, to Da Gong who lived with humans more than his own kind, it felt like it was perfectly possible for him to accidentally knock his little worm up. 

Thinking like this he not only felt half convinced but very guilty. After all while it wasn't necessary to roosters, Da Gong thought his little worm deserved some courtship or wooing before they mated. His little worm was so small and cute, it must have been hard for it to deal with this unexpected birth. 

If Jia Hyson and Bebe had understood Da Gong's thoughts they would have stood up and applauded. Unexpectedly the rooster had such amazing logical deductions ah. It really... it really was... very on par with the other people Jia Hyson had slept with actually. 

Dumbass Drake Lanzoni and Stupid Self-abuser Sefu Karamoy: '...' 

Jia Hyson who insists he isn't attracted to morons: '...' 

Bebe who is only proven right with each passing world: 'Heh.' ()

"Exactly!" Jia Hyson couldn't clap but he stamped his tiny feet happily, "Brother Gong you're so smart!"

"Daddy is so smart!" "Daddy!" "The best!" The three mice squealed. 

Da Gong who had brainwashed himself to believe these might really be his and little worm's children puffed up. "Hmph, of course," he arrogantly clucks.

"Big boss is so great ah!" Little Fatty didn't really understand what was happening but everyone was cheering the big boss! 

"Shut up!" Da Gong flapped his wings at the field mouse, making the little thing cough at the sudden dust hitting his whiskers. Even if he now acknowledged his children, he still didn't feel too good about this rat that coincidentally looks so similar to his offspring. Looking at brown fur on both Little Fatty and the baby mice summons, he felt that something must be done. "Go change your fur!"

Little Fatty was stunned. This was the first time he had been given such a fucking weird task! 

Sucking up was so difficult ah! QwQ

...

"Fuck!" Ye Cheng suddenly swore. 

Tang Muxin and Meng Meng rushed over at the shout while Yan Huizhong who couldn't move from his seat could only stare at them bitterly, his hands clenched tightly as his muscles strained toward Ye Cheng's direction. He was originally a very petty and insecure man. How can he not feel helpless and jealous seeing these two fools so healthy and strong in physique? 

Forget helping Ye Cheng, he couldn't even see what was wrong. 

Jia Hyson and his three summoned mice were sitting on top of Da Gong who was lazily trotting toward the cart where Ye Cheng was and saw the 'I am so weak, I hate it so much, I must get stronger in order to protect what is important to me,' appearance of the eighth prince. Jia Hyson clicks his tongue. 'A bit cliche ah. But it's not bad.'

Bebe thought a bit and also agreed. Generally male lead love interests already come out fairly OP despite having some sort of flaw like being (temporarily) blind or ill or physically weak. There's quite a few in historical romances where they just fake their weakness in order to be tigers pretending to be pigs because of the lack of power in their backgrounds. 

However all of them will have the 'I am so weak, I hate it so much, I must get stronger in order to protect what is important to me,' monologue somewhere in the middle of their emotional development to the protagonist which will be the turning point to their fate and increase their OP levels to over 9000. 

It was rare for such a potential male lead slash villain to not only be part of the possible side CP, but to also genuinely be helpless in this situation. Who knows what General Duan Mengyao had done or if it was even him who had personally caused the injuries, but the fact is, unless they find a mystical herb or medication, those legs really couldn't be cured naturally. 

Even if Tang Muxin had really good luck now courtesy of the soul bind with Jia Hyson, the little golden dragon of fortune, it was mainly things to sell or things for beauty with some medicinal properties. Those like the 200 year old ginseng which were medicinal were mainly for internal injuries and required other equally rare if not more so treasures to produce a medication to help heal Yan Huizhong. 

Maybe if it was 10,000 years old like in proper cultivation novels it would do something but that sort of ultra rare SSS item could not be simply stumbled upon with even boosted protagonist luck. That sort of treasure is probably only in heaven or hidden safely by an old family, maybe even the imperial family themselves. Needless to say, unless they unlock some secret side mission, there was no way Yan Huizhong, this unfavored crippled prince, would be gifted such a godly thing. 

Everyone has their strengths and weaknesses in this little group. Tang Muxin has modern knowledge, a lucky dragon mascot and some combat abilities. But her historical knowledge and street smarts in this era are lacking. Duan Mengyao still retains common sense, and his great physical abilities and fighting strength but he has no memory. Ye Cheng is the mood maker with high EQ, a loyal network of friends and acquaintances, strong street smarts and intelligence. But his intelligence is limited by his status and lack of schooling and his combat is so-so below average. 

Yan Huizhong however is the most flawed. His ability to fight is now nearly at zero with his currently unrecoverable legs. His scholarly intellect was quite useless other than to help count money. And while he has some general knowledge, he lived mainly in the palace his whole life and was the type of villain that disdained the common blood running through his veins, how could he actually pay attention to the ants beneath his feet? In short this man only had intelligence and nothing else. 

Well. That's not true. He also had a nice face.

Eighth Prince: '...'

Tsk, it seems like the side CP's plot will be quite slow. Even Jia Hyson had trouble predicting how it would turn out in the future. For now it seemed his job in regards to them is to make sure Tang Muxin doesn't get anything too heaven defying so early on in the story that could affect Yan Huizhong's condition before he humbles himself a bit more. 

"Do you want to check on the crippled human?" Da Gong clucks generously. Usually he would sulk at seeing how once again his little worm looked at another animal in a daze but this was before he had children ah! Now he has proof of their love there is no need to be too vinegary. 

...Also in the animal kingdom, seriously injured animals with disabilities were deemed immensely unattractive as a mate so in Da Gong's eyes, out of everyone, he was least worried about the eighth prince. 

Unattractive to the entire animal kingdom Yan Huizhong: '...' In the middle of my angsty monologue I suddenly feel like I've been hit out of nowhere by a stray arrow. 

"No, let's just head to where Ye Cheng and the rest are," Jia Hyson refuses. It's best to let the prince have some angst filled solitude by himself. 

"Mn." Da Gong bobs his head in agreement. "I will also get my human to serve us some food. The babies will be getting hungry." 

He twists his neck to look at the three summoned mice who look back at him with wide eyes, blinking dumbly. They were very stupid looking, not a shred of intelligence like in their parents. Da Gong felt like something was a bit off still, but he quietly scolded himself the moment he thought of it. 

Weren't they just born? It would be too harsh to expect them to be quick witted at such a young age. Besides, many cross breeds had a lot of problems. 

Jia Hyson glances at his summoned mice before using his flexible noodle body to curl around them and give the three soft creatures a full body hug. 'You guys did good ah,' he praises with a tone full of affection and love. 

[Ding, ding! Cinderella's Little Helpers (Active) has increased to Level 3!]

Jia Hyson watches the mice intensely but didn't see much consciousness in them. They were still just obedient summons with no free will or their own individual personalities slash intelligence. 

'Tch.' It seems he'll have to try level them up quickly to make them more lively. 

Bebe: '...' Can even scum children now. How awful.

However it does seem that Da Gong, despite his naive deluded mindset in regards to how cross breeding works, still had a shred of common sense and suspicion clinging on in his rooster brain. While the rooster definitely trusted Jia Hyson, it would be impossible for the smart bird not to feel a little doubt secretly. It was already very good for him to even believe such a ridiculous lie in the first place. 

Jia Hyson sighs. A lie is only as good as it lasts. As long as Da Gong never finds out the lie, then he would never get hurt. Now that he bullshitted like he did, he has to be prepared to follow through. It's the same as murder really. If you have the conviction to kill a man, you must also have the resolve to bury the body and destroy the evidence. You can't just puss out and turn yourself in ah. 

Bebe: '...None of that.. none of that was even remotely good morally.' 

Bebe looked at the still innocent blank expressions on the three summoned mice and felt a large responsibility on it's shoulders. While the mice are preset to have certain personality traits once they reach level 5, they will also be influenced by their host as well. What jobs they are given, how they're treated, and what they thought would be a large factor in their resulting personality. 

Aiyah, it couldn't, in good conscience, watch as its spicy chicken host corrupt three more babies while it could still do something about it. 

With that thought Bebe quickly messaged some of his system friends that currently specialized in these sort of things like the Character Correction system YeYe or the Raise the Villain Right system MeiMei. They should be willing to give Bebe some tips in exchange for the cute animal videos it had saved up just for this sort of thing. Bebe can then use it to educate the baby summons at nighttime when it's scum host was sleeping. 

As they reached the carriage where Ye Cheng and the others were they quickly realised why the man had swore so vehemently.

In the cluttered carriage filled with merchandise, there was splatters of red everywhere. Ye Cheng was staring fiercely down at the heart of the mess- a very red coloured Little Fatty. "Bad Little Fatty!" Ye Cheng scolds, "What were you thinking?! That cinnabar powder could fetch us a very high price!"

Jia Hyson's eyes widened. It seemed Little Fatty was quite creative ah. In order to follow the Big Boss' orders, the mouse had broken one of the oil bottles they had and wet his fur with it. He then found the box containing natural cinnabar powder that they had bought from an old miner a while back, and rolled around in the red dust. 

Cinnabar powder mixed with oil can produce a very long lasting effect. It seems Little Fatty would be known as Little Red for a long time ah. 

'Hey, will Little Fatty be alright?' He consults Bebe silently. Cinnabar is actually very toxic in certain conditions such as heating and inhaling the gas produced, as the red pigments come from it's mercury content. However generally it is classified as non toxic by itself and can be safely used in certain amounts in fine traditional chinese medication, paints and jewellery. Still, because of the fine line it has between toxic and non-toxic, the individuals with more vulnerable immune systems like children and pregnant women should avoid it. As a little rat, there may be problems being exposed to so much powder. 

'Don't worry, Little Fatty has consumed a lot of the protagonist's cooking and the spiritual energy absorbed is enough to improve the rat's constitution five-fold. The cinnabar won't affect Little Fatty much. At worst maybe a fever or something.' Bebe replies after a pause. 

Only Little Fatty and the other small animals can absorb the spiritual energy and produce a great physical change in a short time. Their bodily demands were lower and so they were more affected by the small amount of spiritual energy produced by Tang Muxin's cooking. Of course unless they had some sort of hidden bloodline, they would soon hit their upper limit and will no longer be able to improve their strength, lifespan and health unless they somehow learnt how to cultivate. It's the opposite of Jia Hyson's situation where he requires a great deal of energy to grown and improve but his potential is essentially limitless. 

Hearing Bebe's reassurances, Jia Hyson settles down and proceeds to eat melon. Afterwards he and Da Gong went to comfort the wronged looking Little Fatty. After all, it was very much their fault he had gotten into trouble. 

Da Gong was also moved by Little Fatty's desperate attempts to curry favour and solemnly appointed him to be the babysitter of his and his little worm's children. 

Little Fatty who somehow loosely grasped the situation had a face full of question marks. He felt like his little ears were clogged with red powder. "Wait, Boss, whose kids did you say-?"

"Mine and little worm's." Da Gong clucks proudly, "Don't you see how we look alike?"

Little Fatty: '...' You don't look alike at all! As a mouse how can it not see these were also mice! They were fellow mice! Even if they were a bit special as they were servants of a dragon they were still fucking mice! ()

However Little Fatty could only swallow his retorts down under the sharp gaze of the small golden dragon boss sitting on top of the big rooster boss. The beautifully shining tail twisted and gently wrapped around Da Gong's neck possessively, showing off how much the bird trusted the other. It was really like the appearance of an evil empress twisting the emperor around her finger.

Little Fatty swallowed his saliva. "Yes ah, they're really a mix of Big Boss and Small Boss's best traits." He replies dryly.

Da Gong nods. Little Fatty and Little Paddy were his most observant subordinates. Even though he preferred Little Paddy more he still didn't underestimate Little Fatty's strengths. If the quick witted mouse couldn't sense anything off then he can rest a bit easier ah. 

Taking this opportunity to leave, Little Fatty scampered off to inform the other animals about these new big changes to the dynamics of their little hierarchy. After all, if anyone else let slip that those three baby mice weren't Da Gong's... then wouldn't he, who said they were, also bear the brunt of the blame later?!

Sucking up was so fucking difficult ah! QWQ 



"-and so, that's why Da Gong believes these are our children." Jia Hyson turns to his summoned 'children'. "Ain't that right kids?"

"Mummy Cinderelly! Mummy Cinderelly!" The 'children' shouts. Maybe because they were Jia Hyson's summoned creatures who could telepathically link to him, they could also be understood by Tang Muxin as well. 

Tang Muxin: '...' No, no, I really don't want to be honored with this bonus gift. 

She wasn't around for only a few hours and it seems her spicy chicken animal companion slash fellow transmigrator had done something incredibly ridiculous and produced three fake children in order to better chain down his golden thigh. Tang Muxin felt like the character of her friend was really... really bad ah.

Thinking about his previous claims of being one of the most handsome men in China she can't help but think that maybe, maybe the title came from a lot of shady behind the scenes deals? The kind filled with all sorts of unspoken rules.

Unknowing that he is now considered on the same level as those slutty sugar baby cannonfodder from entertainment novels that love to hold thighs and will do whatever it takes not to let them go, Jia Hyson starts to show off his new fake children. 

"Listen, listen, at first I didn't really want to give them names, just casually call them Bao Yi, Bao Er and Bao San ah-"

Tang Muxin: 'You wanted to raise fake children and not give them proper names?' How disgustingly scum. 

"But then Da Gong, he," Jia Hyson sighs. That bird can really make this old man's slag heart flutter. 

At the time where he had given out those names, Da Gong had lightly pecked at his head in admonishment, "Silly baby," He had clucked, "We must give them names that are suitable for being our children."

Jia Hyson touched his forehead, while it didn't hurt much it felt a little numb and warm, like an affectionate flick of the fingers. His tail sways shyly. "What do you suggest then?"

Da Gong cocks his head, seriously thinking before using a wingtip to gently coax Jia Hyson closer to his body. Obediently obeying Jia Hyson found himself wrapped up intimately underneath one of Da Gong's wings as the rooster's neck cranes down to better look him in the eyes. 

"I quite like the last name Heng," Da Gong clucks, "It fits with my wishes for our relationship."

Jia Hyson: 'Fuck, that was good. My tiny shriveled black heart has just grew three sizes.' 

Bebe: 'Agreed, that was smooth as fuck. Honestly, that bird is way too good for you.' 

Jia Hyson: 'Haha you say that but that doesn't change the fact Da Gong likes me oh-' ()

Bebe: '...'   Really fucking wasted on this guy ah. 

Seeing how serious Da Gong was taking it, Jia Hyson felt moved and decided to put some thought and effort into the naming of the summoned mice. While he still didn't really think of them as anything more than pets he felt that since they're going to stick around for so long it's not really a huge inconvenience to spend some time coming up with a good name in retrospect.

Bebe: 'Bebe is starting to see why you didn't have pets as a kid.'

Jia Hyson: 'I'm very self aware ah. I like animals a lot but I'm not sure I'm capable of raising them or doing something horrible in the heat of the moment. So because I like them, I don't raise them... well I did have fish at one point but fish are boring and my mum took care of them mainly so it doesn't count.' 

Bebe: '...' It's host is too self aware of his own problematic tendencies. Bebe can't retort at anything. In fact Bebe can't help but feel it's host was a little pitiful in a strange way. 

In the end after some discussion the mice were named Heng Kai, Heng Dishi, Heng Jian.


[Ding, ding! Cinderella's Little Helpers (Active) has increased to Level 4!]

It seems naming them with careful thought and great affection caused another level up. 

'This levelling up is way easier than I thought ah,' Jia Hyson muses, feeling pleased at the notification.

Unfortunately Bebe ruthlessly rained on his parade. 'It's because they're now receiving two individual's affection instead of one now.' Bebe points out, before adding snidely, 'Also, looking at the data, it seems 76.3% of that level up was contributed to their rooster daddy you heartless bitch.'

Jia 'heartless bitch' Hyson: '...' Yeah. That does sound about right.  

An unforeseen bonus it seems to this lie, was that this skill, which would have been surprisingly difficult for the apathetic and fickle Jia Hyson to level up, was upgrading rapidly thanks to Da Gong's fatherly love which had not only moved the mice babies who now are very happy to call him daddy, but even Jia Hyson was moved.

As Tang Muxin listened to Jia Hyson boast over his big gong she felt almost nauseated by the sweet dogfood unwillingly stuffed in her mouth. 

Pressing her forehead she massages her throbbing temple. "I don't understand. Why didn't you just un-summon them and tell the truth?"

"Well there are multiple reasons." Jia Hyson shrugs, "Da Gong is smarter than Little Fatty and he's hung around Ye Cheng who likes antiques and stories. He would have easily torn apart the lie that these mice were my servants as dragons wouldn't have rodents for servants. There is no legitimate reason for me to be able to summon mice therefore I created an illogical one. 

Not only does this throw him off guard, this sort of topic is also something Da Gong isn't familiar with as cross breeding is very rare and the myths and legends of similar stories of interspecies reproduction produce very strange creatures as offspring." 

While it seems like a stupid thing to say in the heat of the moment, Jia Hyson didn't think so. Boring people pick boring options. His job is to be interesting and fun and sell meng. If he cleared this thing up so simply and concisely the plot will lose a very unique meng selling point! 

Bebe who had previously derided its host for his shameless scheme silently felt that Jia Hyson's idea was not as completely stupid as it had originally thought. Just because you can't comprehend someone's sudden actions doesn't mean there wasn't calculation in the movement. 

After all, while it was a bit more troublesome for Jia Hyson, Bebe knew that for the readers, this sort of ridiculously dumb but hilariously cute scenario will get a lot of likes. It can also act as an unique selling point that makes the story stand out from the rest.

For a good story people must experience some trouble and conflicts. Currently the atmosphere is very easygoing with some potential signs of drama brewing in the eighth prince's storyline. However that sort of foreshadowing will only come into play when they get closer to the capital. 

Tang Muxin hasn't experienced any cannonfodder to faceslap and Ye Cheng and Meng Meng are quite passive. One playing as a friend slash mentor in charge of exposition and heartwarming scenes, and the other a potential male lead responsible for spreading some slow burn romantic sweetness. 

Even if the conflict is between the mascot and his... rooster boyfriend, is very minor and small, it will at least serve to change the pace a bit for the readers and prevent them from growing too bored by this smooth cruising journey so far. 

Tsk, even thought it's host was annoying and slag, Bebe had to say that this willingness to wrong himself just for the story is exactly what is needed for a Beta system host. 

Bebe just wished it wasn't such a slag way of wronging himself. 

...And that it's host would actually feel a little bit more wronged to be perfectly honest.

So with Tang Muxin's help in explaining how the lizard and rooster they owned decided to 'adopt' three weird field mice, that's how Heng Kai, Heng Dishi and Heng Jian joined the party.

Ye Cheng: 'Yaaay! More fur babies! And they're so cute!' ():

Meng Meng: 'I also don't mind.' (,,  ,,)

Yan Huizhong: '...' No, wait, am I the only one who thinks this is weird? 

...

The journey is long but the gap between people seemed to shorten with each step of the way. 

It had taken them about four more weeks but they finally arrived at the city of Kaifeng. By that time Jia Hyson, while only having increased a little in length, had started to develop more dragon like features. Two small blunt horns the color of jade were just peeking out of his head, light silvery fuzz similar to his tail hair was starting to grow around his neck and down his spine, and even a pair of stubby protrusions had appeared under his nostrils which could only be a sign of the signature dragon whiskers developing. 

Don't even mention Ye Cheng who likes antiques and Yan Huizhong who was from the palace and were both extremely familiar with the appearance of dragons, even Meng Meng the amnesiac was constantly giving Jia Hyson funny looks now. 

The night before they entered Kaifeng, they went to an inn and all sat in Tang Muxin's room to discuss this.

"So... that's a dragon right?" Ye Cheng straightforwardly asks as he picks Jia Hyson up from Da Gong's back and plonks him onto the table. Jia Hyson blinks lazily and curls his body into a spiral shape as he stares back at the humans who were peering back at him. Since his physical dragon traits has been developing, he had become increasingly lethargic. After all it takes energy to grow all these things, it's unsurprising he was sleepier than normal now. 

"Uh," Tang Muxin glances down at Jia Hyson.

Jia Hyson blinks again, languid and slow, before yawning. He really looked like a dumb little animal right now. 'Just tell them the truth Mu Mu,' he tells her wordlessly, 'At this point it would be stupid to lie. Besides... you trust them don't you?'

Tang Muxin falls silent for a moment as her eyes flash with complicated emotions.

She did trust them. 

Her previously life was wrought with anxieties and betrayal. She didn't have any real friends much less any lasting relationships that she felt were genuine. All she had was a bunch of bad overly romantic, lighthearted and fluffy stories to pass the time when she was free and even then she had to go through absurdly great lengths to avoid her phone getting hacked or infiltrated by anyone. 

But now... she had Jin Bao her silly slag soul bound companion, Ye Cheng who has helped her when she first transmigrated and never stopped, Meng Meng who is quiet but stable like a mountain and Da Gong who is a fierce but protective rooster. Even Cao Huizhong who is shady as hell, she can easily admit she also trusts him enough that he won't sell her or anyone else out unless he has to.

Jia Hyson: 'Did she have to add slag onto my description? Like, is that really necessary?'

Ye Cheng: 'Why is it only that I helped you ah? Shouldn't you say something about my bright sunny smile that lights up the sky no matter if it's day or night and warms up your heart as well? Why is my part so dull?'

Meng Meng: '...to be honest, I think I also sound a little boring as well.' 

Eighth Prince Yan Huizhong: 'What the fuck do you mean shady as hell? And done think I don't know this touching description is going in order of who you trust the most to least. Why the fuck am I less trustworthy than a rooster???'

Tang Muxin: 'Heh.' Everyone's a critic. 

Tang Muxin looked at everyone present and couldn't help but feel a little warm inside. While they were a bit annoying in their own ways they were now also people she wouldn't trade for anything and would kill to protect if she had to. Jin Bao was right, it would be stupid to lie about such a big thing and would only serve to drive a wedge in their friendship. 

"Jin Bao... is indeed a baby dragon," She confesses. It wasn't as difficult as she had thought. Instead she felt like a weight she didn't know she had was lifted off her chest. Tang Muxin was almost tempted to talk about her transmigration as well but she quickly quelled the desire. 

Dragons were one thing, soul swapping is definitely on the lines of black magic. Besides it was hardly something people would suspect and other than Ye Cheng who already accepted her for who she is, she didn't have anyone else connected to the original body that cared enough to notice her changes. 

Maybe one day she'll tell them. For now, they all looked like the confirmation of the dragon thing was enough to mull over for half a year.

"Wait a minute, why are we just believing her?" Yan Huizhong snapped out of his daze. "We should find an animal doctor or something first to confirm."

No matter how the royal family called themselves the sons of dragons and loved dragons and so on, there were few and far between that actually believe such a mystical creature exists. Not to mention, if they did, how could they be like this guy who was not only originally gecko size but also only knew how to sell meng and flirt with chickens? 

No! He refuses to believe the great noble dragons are like this! 

Ye Cheng tsks and smacks the back of the prince's head lightly, "Are you stupid? If Jin Bao ends up to be an actual dragon do you think that an outsider will be able to keep quiet? Even the emperor would have trouble keeping this under wraps much less us!"

"Tang Muxin is the closest to Jin Bao." Meng Meng pipes up, voice slow and words short. Really... very much like a typical male lead who treats his words like gold. Unfortunately the cool, domineering factor of a typical male lead was not very strong and was constantly overshadowed by a certain tyrannical and overbearing CEO rooster. 

Nodding his head in agreement Ye Cheng's eyes glance between Tang Muxin and Jin Bao. "I've also noticed that. Out of all the animals Jin Bao will always look for Muxin first and vice versa. Not to mention the time spent between you two silently staring at each other is suspicious to the point even Da Gong would get jealous."

"Cluck." Da Gong flaps his wings. "Cluck, cluck, cluck."

Yan Huizhong looks down at the bird with black lines down his face. Da Gong didn't react to anything until after being depressed from his wife but the moment they talked about Tang Muxin spending time with Jin Bao he suddenly had to be part of the conversation. This bird... really loves to eat vinegar and spread dog food ah. 

Sensing the disdain toward himself, Da Gong looks back at Yan Huizhong before 'tch'ing and turning away so the prince could only be faced with his tail feathers. He was too lazy to look at someone more prideful than him yet was just a plant that flowers but does not bear fruit. 

Yan Huizhong: '...' He really didn't like this bird who loved to give him no face and only chicken butts ah. 

Tang Muxin knocked on the wooden table lightly with her fingernail. Jia Hyson, hearing the command in his mind, yawned and slithered toward her, letting her stroke his back like a docile pet. In the background, Da Gong's clucking became angrier but Jia Hyson heartlessly ignored his cute rooster husband in favor of helping build the scene. 

With such a display of control over the dragon it was easier for Tang Muxin to explain how she had accidentally bound to Jin Bao when they met in her courtyard back at the Tang residence. Watching as Jin Bao curl around her fingers playfully and nipping at them gently, the others were already more than half convinced. After all while Jin Bao was the most obedient animals here, he never went around particularly cuddly or being clingy with anyone but Da Gong.

Da Gong: 'Cluck.' Laozi is furious.

Tang Muxin, secretly sweating furiously: '...Jin Bao do you have to be so intimate with me?'

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe a woman's fingers are so soft, it's been a while since I've gotten caresses by a lady ohh---'

Bebe: '...' Scum man, I hope you get neutered. 

While Jia Hyson has never cheated, it is indeed impossible for a leopard to change his spots. His coquettish and fickle, slag nature could not be curbed even without the current ability to feel sexual desire. Even when he was married to Sefu there were times where he couldn't help but want to tease and string a few bees and butterflies along, wrapping them around his finger before crushing them and running back to his vinegar eating hubby. 

...It could be said that if Jia Hyson ever became a eunuch and also got together with some tyrant emperor, he may still be unable to stop flirting with anyone he can ah. 

After the explanation there was a lull in silence between the humans. Da Gong took this opportunity to jump onto the table and drag back his cheating wife with his beak, and fling him onto his back in a very handsome move. 

Meng Meng and Yan Huizhong: '...' Feeling inadequate in comparison somehow.

Jia Hyson nuzzled into the feathers, patting the angry rooster soothingly and making little kissy noises near his earholes to appease him. "Brother Gong, did you miss me-?"

"Even if I did it, it wouldn't matter to you." Da Gong sulkily clucks.

"Of course it would ah," Jia Hyson licks the bird's neck before curling his whole body around it in his usual affectionate body hug. Now that he's started to grow a dragon's mane, the soft hair brushed against Da Gong's sensitive feathers, making his heart ticklish. His rage had been immediately halved by this one action but Da Gong refused to show this to his little worm.

He needed to teach this naughty worm a lesson! Hmph! <(  )>

While Jia Hyson was acting out a coaxing scum husband with his wife play, the humans were having a more serious discussion.

"Dragons, especially golden ones are a symbol of fortune and luck." Ye Cheng comments, "Could that be the reason we have been so lucky when looking for items and finding treasures?"

"But if we were really blessed by a dragon then would we have run into calamities like droughts and bandits?" Meng Meng points out seriously. Unlike the other two men, he was less superstitious. Even when he was Duan Mengyao, he didn't believe much in the superstitions of the older generation and therefore was much more practical if considered a bit too disrespectful at times.

"It is only an infant dragon," Cao Huizhong mutters, "In the legends they even say the biggest and most ancient ones formed the Heilongjian, Zhujiang, Huang and Yangtze river."

"Jin Bao said his powers will improve as he grows," Tang Muxin agrees. While she wasn't sure of the validity of the four dragon legend, it was indeed true that Jin Bao had a lot of room to grow. 

"Does he have any fighting capabilities?" Meng Meng asks.

Tang Muxin hesitates. After a long time hanging out with Jin Bao she knew he actually was a bit of a braggart and likes to exaggerate a lot of things about himself. While he did say he can fight, given his past actions and his shameful thigh holding... "He, uh, he... shouldn't have much?" 

"So he's pretty much a small glowing lucky item right now that's just begging to be stolen." Cao Huizhong summarises, his nails tap the table, betraying a faint anxiety. While this was beyond his wildest calculations... as a man aiming for the dragon throne, wouldn't having a literal dragon by his side practically guarantee his chances? 

The closer they get to the capital the more powerful the means to steal Jin Bao, while they can protect the dragon now they may not have the ability to do so later. If the dragon falls into the hands of someone else...

Tang Muxin shoots the eighth prince a cold look. While she had grown close to everyone here that didn't mean she had forgotten the original personality of the eighth prince. The hatred he harbours is deep and impossible to wash away in just a few months alone. While she doesn't doubt that they had all become fond of each other as friends, for the sake of revenge who knows to what lengths Yan Huizhong will go to in order to achieve it.

Now she has Jin Bao and explained her relationship with him, there was no way the prince will backstab her. And to be honest Tang Muxin doesn't believe Yan Huizhong would hurt Ye Cheng either. So Tang Muxin was not currently too worried right now. The only one now really in potential trouble is the still clueless Meng Meng.

If it's just to protect one person, Tang Muxin was fairly confident she could do it.

Still... she needed to keep a closer eye on the prince as they get closer to the capital.




In the end, it was inevitable that some trouble would come once Jia Hyson began to reveal his dragon appearance. 

Jia Hyson wasn't unhappy though. He had wanted some events and conflict in the first place after all. 

"How much for it?" A pompous looking and arrogant noblewoman greedily eyes the golden dragon as her friends surround Tang Muxin and her, ready to watch a good show. 

It was only less than an hour before Wen Xia had been fuming when the cold faced commoner girl had not only stolen a bracelet she had been eying on, but had even given her no face, ignoring her threats and bidding above her with more money than she had! If Wen Xia hadn't had decided to dress a bit more low-key when going out today and running off from her attendants to play freely with her friends then she would have easily been able to slap this wench's face with her money! 

Frustrated and shamed into anger she insisted on following and harassing Tang Muxin, calling her out for various things and getting face slapped almost immediately after. 

For example disparaging Tang Muxin for buying such a cheap trinket of a bracelet for so much money, implying she had no eye for value and merely wanted to gain some attention from others with her exorbitant purchase. 

A passing famous jeweler: "Aiyah! Isn't that the x bracelet with hand carved beads of pure lightning jade that was promised to Emperor x's beloved empress but was lost during x dynasty in the war? How much will it cost to buy I'll pay x amount!" 

Tang Muxin: "Sounds good."

Wen Xia: '...' 

Then when Tang Muxin went into an old, almost abandoned and shabby looking store and bought an ugly wooden statuette Wen Xia immediately laughed and scorned her.

Wen Xia: "Do you think you come across one treasure and suddenly you've been blessed with luck ah? Even if you want to be pretentious there's no need to be like this. Did your eyes go blind from greed?"

Tang Muxin: '...' I only bought it because it looks a bit like Da Gong and I wanted to see his reaction to it.

A famous official's wife who had been shopping with her friends: "Oh my god! That wooden carving! That's clearly my second brother's work, but he was kidnapped x years ago and my family have been searching for him since! See that scratched in symbol at the bottom! Yes! That's really X ge's work!! Wuwuwu young lady, we must be fated! If you need any help my husband Official x and family are forever indebted to you!"

Tang Muxin: "No need for debts. Rather, can I ask you if there's anywhere with good quality produce? I have some picky eaters at home."

Wen Xia: '...'

Finally Wen Xia really couldn't take it and secretly tried to throw mud onto Tang Muxin, feeling that at the very least she can humiliate her in this manner. Sensing the projectile, Tang Muxin immediately moved to block it with her long robe sleeves, swatting it fiercely to the side and ruining her dress and appearance.

Wen Xia: "Hah! You-"

Person behind Tang Muxin: "Miss you are so brave to step out and help protect me without hesitation! Even though I am the unfavored middle son, my word as one of the children of x family's main branch has some weight. I am moved by your heroic blah blah blah."

Tang Muxin: "No problem. If you really insist I can only ask you to help me pay for my grocery shopping." Capital prices for good food were higher than expected ah! 

Wen Xia: '...' 

What the hell is this?! This is blatant cheating! If I knew what hacks was I would call it okay?! ()

One had to admire the tenacity cannon fodder can have ah. Even her friends at this point were embarrassed for her. But they still persisted. It was clear from this that Wen Xia must be the doted child of an important family, if not they would have left her ages ago to save their own faces. Still they wouldn't be very happy with her after today.

Tang Muxi, who at that time was merely browsing stalls and buying cheap things to resell for higher prices later, had never thought that her one act of buying a handsome carved jade bracelet would bring so much trouble to her. People at the market place bid and barter all the time. She really didn't see why this person had to be so troublesome about a bracelet. 

...though in the end, the girl didn't seem to be very smart and kept making a fool out of herself while Tang Muxin somehow reaped quite a few benefits in the form of connections and freebies so she really couldn't complain ah.

Finally Tang Muxin had grown tired of being followed by a group of little bullies and reached the small stall their group had set up. 

While she still wasn't in prime condition like in her original body that had undergone years of vigorous training, she could have easily exerted her current skills to evade these troublemakers. However learning from Ye Cheng had caused her to gain a slight materialistic bias overtime. Seeing the low key but high quality fabrics, the natural arrogant disdain and curiosity for commoner life and a few more clues, Tang Muxin could deduce these were some rich kids that had secretly gone out to play. 

Given how badly they tried and failed to trip her up, Tang Muxin felt that these kids were a bit stupid. So of course she had to lead them to their stall Stupid and rich were the best customers.

Plus given that their items now were genuinely rare goods thanks to her good luck blessed by Jin Bao, it was better to have customers with proper backgrounds who could appreciate their wares better. While villagers and such can be more gullible, they are also unlikely to recognize treasures and more often then not will accuse them of being blackhearted scammers once they hear the prices.

Plus, given the rarity and authenticity... none of them were willing to lower the prices of items to the point any commoner can afford it after some hesitation and haggling. So they really hadn't had the opportunity to put out, much less sell, any of the antiques and rare items they possessed currently until now. 

In short, they were running out of space in their carriage and Da Gong was getting upset so they needed to sell some stuff ASAP. 

Da Gong: 'People keep getting too close to my worm now that my worm has gotten prettier! This is unacceptable! Anyone who comes close to my worm will eat my chicken feet!"

Other animals and humans in the cramped carriage: 'No, that's not, we're not...' CryingwithoutTears.gif

"Muxin, you're back early?" Ye Cheng who had been chatting with Cao Huizhong as they manned the stall gave her a surprised look. Cao Huizhong just gave her an annoyed one. 

"En," Tang Muxin nods, eyes softening and shoulders relaxing. She walks around to the back of the stall and puts down her recently purchased items. "I've brought customers." 

At this moment, Wen Xia and her group arrived, panting and looking a little disheveled. Even though Tang Muxin didn't try to shake them off, her light footwork techniques naturally made it easier to walk agilely in a crowd. For pampered second and third generations like them, it really was difficult to keep up. 

Jia Hyson who had been basking on the stall table lazily lifted his head up as he looked at the rather pitiful looking group. Overall most of the people were plain with only a few okay looking ones in the mix. The only one with above average looks was the young lady at the front of the group. 

'That's Wen Xia,' Bebe identifies, 'she's the well-loved daughter of Kaifeng's head of the judicial office's main wife. Her father has often taken bribes and such from nobles to minimize their punishments or get out of them completely. The Wen family is very rich and are considered a very old but relatively small noble family. Because of their position over the law they're very influential.'

Pretty face but not outstanding. Arrogant, dumb and full of pride. Rich and corrupt family. She really couldn't be more cannonfodder ah. 

While he wasn't with Tang Muxin during her walk, knowing her luck and the typical direction these stories go, he can more or less guess the general process of the whole outing. Given Tang Muxin's personality, Jia Hyson would bet good money that Wen Xia was the one who got herself all angry because of something unintentional that Tang Muxin did and tried to harass the protagonist in order to vent but failed. 

Very hateful. Very good. They need a nice stupid one for starter cannonfodder. 

When Jia Hyson moved to look at the group, Wen Xia was immediately drawn to the action. Even though Jia Hyson was small he was now incredibly eye catching and beautiful in appearance. While his horns and whiskers were no fully developed yet and his mane was still short, with his glittering golden scales and glimmering hair he looked like a dragon stature carved from gold and pearls and jade. 

In fact his underdeveloped appearance gave him a softness and vulnerability that you couldn't find in adult dragons, coupled with the large bright eyes... it was an appearance that could finally make people fall to their knees in cuteness. 

Jia Hyson: 'After x fucking months since I've arrived I finally got my goddamn wish to be cute.' +.(^ ^).: FireworkPartyTime.gif

Bebe: ( _) 'Oh. Congrats.' 

Jia Hyson: 'Tch, tch. You're so awful, so unwilling to support your significant other in anything. No wonder I'm planning to divorce you.'

Bebe: 'Heh, go ahead. In the divorce you can take your cuteness and I'll take your life okay?' ()

Jia Hyson: '...fuck. Baby forgive me. Daddy really loves you okay?'

Bebe: '...' Dammit. Bebe almost won this round but had to forfeit due to disgust. 

Wen Xia who, like most typical female cannonfodder, was very fond of glitzy to the point of gaudy things, a materialistic spoilt woman. Jia Hyson at one glance had completely captured her heart. 

Which brings us to the current scene.

"Hey," one of Wen Xia's followers whispers to another, "that... is that a dragon?"

"It... shouldn't be?" Follower 2 frowns, "Though it does bear a striking resemblance to the paintings."

"Don't be stupid, dragons aren't actually real, and if they were why would they be at some street stall ah?" Another follower snaps. 

The first follower glares at follower 3, "Then explain why it looks like a dragon then?"

"Just some weird lizard," Follower 3 dismisses but the more she looks at Jia Hyson the more doubt arises. "It.. it's probably a mix breed of some sort. Though I admit, it's pretty cute for a hybrid."

"Your sister's a weird lizard!" Follower 2 hisses, "Lizards are brown or green! What lizard is pure gold and has silver hair? Fuck are you blind?"

"How much?" Wen Xia repeats in a louder voice, ignoring her arguing followers. Her eyes were shining more than Jia Hyson's scales. It was clear she had already forgot her original purpose and just wanted the baby dragon. 

Tang Muxin's expression darkens as she sees the almost fanatical glean in Wen Xia's eyes. She lowers her hand in front of Jia Hyson, silently coaxing him to crawl onto her palm. 

Jia Hyson was also a little perturbed by how strong the reaction of this cannonfodder was and quickly obeyed, crawling onto her hand and wrapping his tail like body around her wrist like a beautiful scaly spiral bracelet. 

'Bebe, what's up with Wen Xia?' He asks internally. 

Bebe was silent for a moment before clicking it's nonexistent tongue, 'Aiyah, this is really interesting. Bebe had to pay for a bit more detailed information about Wen Xia's background and it turns out she's one of the people with a special bloodline.'

It turns out Wen Xia's family had a direct ancestor that was blessed by a golden dragon back in the day. They were huge dragon worshippers and when the dragons left the family who were servants that loved their draconic masters with their hearts and souls almost killed themselves in grief. Moved by their sincerity and love, the golden dragons have them parting blessings, wishing their family line a prosperous thousand years and a promise to see them again in the future.

Even after a thousand years has passed and this world slowly forgot that dragons and spiritual beasts really once walked amongst them, the Wen family who had persisted in their beliefs still maintained their blessing albeit it was diluted somewhat. 

Each person of the Wen family was raised to love dragons, be loyal royalists to the emperor's family that is the closest to the dragons, and store as much gold and beautiful things in their treasury as possible in order for the day a dragon will one day remember the loyal Wen family and visit the again. 

In fact, excluding the imperial family, the Wen family can be said to hold the most dragon-themed items and were well known avid collectors for them. The bracelet Wen Xia had lost to Tang Muxin coincidentally also had small carvings of lively little dragons on the beads which is what initially attracted her to it. 

Of course it had been over a thousand years, no matter how fanatical they were before it would be strange if there weren't doubts and disbelief with each passing generation. And as the blessing became weaker and weaker so did their faith which would further weaken the blessing causing a bad cycle. 

Still, even if they didn't believe as strongly as before, they still respected their family traditions and raised the next generations on stories of dragons and times of wonder. Wen Xia was no exception and as a child had loved the idea of being the first person in thousands of years to meet a dragon. Though she had grown out of it more or less, as a childish person she still retained a lot of her childish heart. 

Thus upon seeing Jia Hyson, all her previous arrogance and attitude had been wiped away. Maybe it was her upbringing or the faint blessing that still ran through her veins or maybe Jia Hyson was really just that cute but Wen Xia was so moved she almost cried.

Jia Hyson falls into contemplative silence as he digests this information.

To think the first cannon fodder they meet would actually be a dragon-con. Should he say Tang Muxin's luck is too good or his own luck was too bad? 

Watching Wen Xiao throwing her family's name and money at an increasingly colder Tang Muxin, Ye Cheng and Cao Huizhong, Jia Hyson silently clicks his tongue and touches his snout thoughtfully. What he wants is a proper simple brainless cannon fodder to face slap. It wouldn't do if they got a brainless sister character joining the party instead. 

Best case scenario is if Wen Xia is dumb enough to make trouble and then her mother or someone else comes in to make more trouble before finally the head of the family steps in, sees everything with clarity, scolds Wen Xia, punishes her and then offers their assistance to Tang Muxin. 

Worst case scenario is that Wen Xia sobers up a little and becomes Tang Muxin's little follower. The annoying type that will cuss strangers and bring aggro to the group before feeling bad, helping out a tiny bit, apologising and then doing it all over again until she finally learns through some harsh consequence. 

Since the story is going toward the feel-good transmigration story, Jia Hyson truly doesn't want the latter to happen. 

Seeing that Wen Xia looked like she was going to calm down and think more rationally thanks to some strong coaxing from her followers and the metaphorical cold water of the constant rejections from Tang Muxin and the group, Jia Hyson decides not to risk it and steps in. 

Flicking his tail and letting the shine of his scales attract everyone, Jia Hyson activates his absolute favourite skills in this lifetime [Cutie Beam, Level 7] and [Selling Meng One Paw At A Time, Level 3]. For maximum effectiveness of [Selling Meng One Paw At A Time] Jia Hyson twists his body so he's lying on his back and wiggles his little legs and claws as he stares at Wen Xia with his large golden eyes. Then as a finishing blow he sticks out a little pink tongue and cutely 'mrrps'.

"Fuck." Follower 1 swore under her breath. She had never seen such a cute animal. Sure before she had thought the weird little dragon lizard was quite adorable but now... it was like she was being whipped with cuteness, it was almost painful.

"Fuck." Follower 2 agrees.

"Fuck," Follower 3 looks at Follower 2 weirdly, "Did you just get a nosebleed?"

The followers all took a large step away from Follower 2.

Follower 2: "..." No, it's not, I didn't...

Wen Xia stares at Jia Hyson, the frenzy that had just calmed down in her eyes suddenly reignited even brighter and a tad crazier than before.

...

Da Gong and Meng Meng came back a few minutes after Wen Xia left, carrying some basic necessities that they needed to restock on. Sensing the atmosphere, Meng Meng puts down his shopping and concernedly asks Tang Muxin what was going on. Da Gong in contrast went straight to his little worm.

"Baby?" Da Gong clucks as he gently nudges the little dragon's stomach which had gone back to basking in the sun. 

"Mnnnn..." Jia Hyson lazily twitches his legs, halfheartedly kicking the rooster's head lightly as the bird continued to nudge him, "Brother Gong, stop, I'm sleepy..."

Da Gong cocks his head, then drops to sit next to Jia Hyson with a faint thump. "Okay." The humans can sort whatever problem they have out. His worm's nap is more important right now ah. 

Of course Da Gong later regretted his complacency later on.

Because that night, Jia Hyson was stolen.




"Tsk, this Wen Xia isn't completely brain dead after all ba." Jia Hyson mildly comments as he's swinging back and forth in a little bamboo cage stuffed with soft fur. 

He was being carried through the night by one of the Wen family's most trained and trusted guards, feeling the night wind against his face as they jumped from rooftop to rooftop, experiencing for the first time the amazingness of fictional ancient qigong and the light footwork skills. 

Jia Hyson had to admit, he underestimated Wen Xia's intelligence. Maybe it was she had cooled down somewhat after leaving the scene, but from the quality of the guards it seems she had gone and told someone higher up in the family about the little dragon, allowing her to control some of the family's personal guards. 

The guards then snuck into the inn, threw out a light sleeping gas into the corridors outside their rooms and went about looking for Jia Hyson. Unfortunately Jia Hyson was sleeping next to the most sensitive super assasin/spy/doctor Tang Muxin and even more unfortunately he was specifically sleeping... underneath the super protective rooster Da Gong. 

The Wen guards who saw a shiny golden tail under a giant black rooster: '...' What the fuck is this??

The guards looked at each other helplessly. The sleeping gas they used is pretty good but given the order was deemed to be low risk since they were just stealing from some commoners, they didn't bring out their most potent batch or even second or third most potent. These sort of things were expensive and limited to get. 

So even though the sleeping gas will make it harder to wake up and notice something off, it's not impossible to resist it given enough external stimulus. If they moved the rooster and the rooster woke up in fright and crowed right next to the lady's ear... forget being drugged even a dead man might wake up after that ah. 

However the other guards who checked the other rooms came out empty. It seems this so-called dragon the young Miss Wen Xia wanted to take was the owner of the golden tail underneath the rooster. 

The Wen Guards surrounding the sleeping rooster: '...'

...it was really hard to be a guard these days la.  

The leader of the group looked at the youngest guard, a young girl called Little Fifteen since she was the fifteenth personal guard of the current generation who was born with deft hands and nimble fingers making her perfect for the job. A few other guards also nudged at Little Fifteen with looks filled with expectation. 

Little Fifteen: '...' 

She had done a lot of things for the Wen family, mainly theft and lock picking, but she really didn't know how to hold a chicken without waking them, much less this giant black rooster with her small hands. 

Circling her inner qi and controlling her breath, Little Fifteen squatted down and lightly held the sides of bird, making sure to place her hands underneath the wings since she wasn't sure if they would be very sensitive. Finally, she used her knees to help her carry the weight of the surprisingly quite muscular bird up and lift the rooster from the ground like some sort of heavy ceremonial bowl. 

The leader of the guards knelt down, ready to snatch the little dragon in this moment but immediately stiffened.

Curious, the other guards tilted their heads, trying to see what exactly made their usually unflappable leader freeze. Then they all froze in disbelief.

The sight they saw... was so cute!

Too cute!

Wen family Guards: Kyaaaaaaaaa-! (,,,>  <,,) 

Jia Hyson as a dragon, was not actually affected by the gas, so he had already started to wake up the moment the warmth of Da Gong left his body. He sleepily blinked as he lifted his head up from the tight spiral he had curled himself into, his large golden eyes faintly glowing and bright, like someone had crushed the stars in the sky and scattered it into his irises. His golden scales and iridescent hair sparkled despite the faint moonlight as if not even the darkness of the night could tarnish and dim the shine of each delicate scale and hair.

If his appearance alone wasn't enough, there were also three baby mice cuddled against him! Sure they were wearing weird golden clothing but the dress up only increased the cute points! This is a foul! Unfair! 

The leader of the guards, Guard Yi was the fastest to get over the sudden attack of meng and quickly snatched the still waking dragon. He pulled out a bamboo cage lined with soft fur that was strapped to his back and placed the struggling dragon reverently into the cage. Jia Hyson half-heartedly tried to frantically escape and squeal for help. 

Little Fifteen who was still quite tender, softened almost immediately as she heard the heartbreaking cries coming from the cage. However seeing the stern look of her leader she didn't say anything. As guards personally raised by the Wen family they were instilled with blind loyalty toward the Wen family. Even if they were told to kill a baby they had to do so with no questions asked. 

Still, the little dragon was so cute even the hardened hearts of the guards that had been unprepared were moved. They were brought up with the expectation that all dragons were fierce and majestic creatures. No one told them they could sell meng so effectively!

With a sigh, Little Fifteen forced herself to turn away from the cute baby dragon only to meet the fierce silver-eyed glare of a very, very angry looking rooster.

Da Gong: "Cluck. Cluck. Motherfuck." ( )

Little Fifteen: "..." 

Before she could even react Da Gong crowed loudly, spreading his wings and flapped wildly, startling her into loosening her grip. Da Gong 'cock a doodle doo'-ed, his voice piercing the ears of everyone nearby. Maybe because he was bigger than most roosters, his cry also seemed to be even more domineering and frightening to hear. More like a battle cry than a rooster call.

Tang Muxin immediately woke up. She didn't even need to stop and assess the situation before she took out a knife from under her pillow and threw it at the nearest black figure making them grunt in surprised pain. Not wasting any time she pulls out two more knives from under her pillow and charges out to fight these unfamiliar enemies.

Tang Muxin's fighting ability has improved a lot since she came here and has become more familiar with her new body. But the body was still naturally soft, unfit and lacking in muscles. It would take more than a few months on the road to get to her top tier super assassin-spy caliber even with her super doctor skills supporting her as well. Compared to these personal guards whose body and mind were harshly trained since they were young, she was still a little lacking. While she could fight off one or two with some difficulty, there were numbers on their side as well as the sleeping gas which affected her reaction speed. 

Da Gong, this OP rooster was not fairing any better. No matter what he was still a bird and the dosage of sleeping gas is more effective for him. After the initial adrenaline started to wear off, his movement became naturally sluggish. To be honest, the guards were truly shocked to see the bird had lasted this long. It should be known even with this potency, the guard dogs that have been trained by them may not even last half as long as this rooster.

Somewhere in the middle of the heated battle, Ye Cheng and Meng Meng had burst in to try help but even then it was ultimately a fruitless effort and the guards managed to escape with Jia Hyson in tow. 

For the first time since Tang Muxin's transmigration, she had tasted a complete defeat.

...

The Wen household was quite bright and lively from a distance. Jia Hyson was a bit suprised. It couldn't be that Wen Xia told everyone about her discovery could it? Even then, how can they be so brainless as to all accept it? 

However as they reached the entrance Jia Hyson instantly retracted his previous doubts. There were some sneering women, both young and old with similar features to each other with their arms folded and expressions mocking. 

"I can't wait to see what that dumb girl fished up," one of the woman snickers.

"Saying she saw a dragon, and even asking for some of our personal guards from grandfather, pft, if this doesn't cast her out from favour nothing will."

Jia Hyson clicked his tongue. It seems that the concubines who married in and don't hold the same traditions and uniquely obsessive beliefs about dragons didn't believe Wen Xia and purposely made a big fuss to 'help' the girl. Very good. The bigger the commotion, the more face Wen Xia would lose in the family. 

It made sense. Wen Xia was fairly annoying and super pompous. Quite like the original story's Tang Muxin actually. It wasn't strange that the concubines and their daughters who were probably bullied by her would want to find ways to retaliate. Jia Hyson would've probably done the same thing in their shoes to be honest. 

Unfortunately for them ah, the dragon was 100% real. 

The Wen family guards had grown up in the family and were more inclined to those that carried Wen blood than the people who married in. Not to mention, these concubines weren't favored and their daughters were generally just as bad as Wen Xia. 

Luckily the Wen family had two sons that were well-educated and brought up to understand how to conduct themselves without looking like a fool. If not the Wen family really would be on the decline. 

Ignoring the coquettish women who were trying to grab their attention and check the rumored dragon for themselves, the guards walked into the main residence. It seemed all of the Wen family in the surrounding area had come to watch, some interested, some excited and some mocking and waiting to see a good joke. 

Jia Hyson who had cleverly wrapped himself in the fur carpeting like a little dragon furritto, poked his snout out and blinks lazily. He didn't expect the faceslapping he will be able to help out with was not for Tang Muxin but Tang Muxin's cannonfodder. 

Tsk, tsk, it's not really what he wanted but it's also not a bad development to be honest.

The Tang family could not compare to the Wen family's riches. Even though Jia Hyson had to hide in order to do a better a dramatic reveal he could still see how rich these people were. As a dragon living on the road, he couldn't help but guzzle vinegar. Fucking rich people. Peh.

Bebe: 'You're double standards are showing host.'

Jia Hyson: 'Look, until I become rich again, I'm going to resent not being rich. Pretty much everyone does it on some level ah.' 

However thinking about how these rich guys were obsessed with dragons and feeling the silky soft fur around his scaly body, Jia Hyson felt that his days of being a poor dragon may be finally coming to an end. He quietly 'mrp'ed in satisfaction. 

Given their souls bond, Tang Muxin and him were connected by fate and will reunite eventually. And there wasn't exactly much he himself could do so he might as well relax and enjoy himself while he waits. 

The only thing that he couldn't dislodge was the faint guilt and unease of not having Da Gong by his side. 

He snuggles into the white fur aggressively. Closing his eyes and pretending it was black feathers instead. 

Bebe: '...' What to do, Bebe finds it's host a little cute right now.

The nap Jia Hyson took was longer than expected. It seemed many people were interested in blocking the way for the guards and tried to pry into the little bamboo cage. Not to mention, the masters of the house had been called off an hour ago for some administration emergency or so the event had to be pushed back. 

Bebe who didn't need to sleep was casually playing the popular game among systems, Alien Virus where a random number of systems are randomly assigned as a virus and they must try destroy the other system players before they get found out. Looking at the drama it sighed and felt very sorry for these poor guards who were practically reduced to huddling around the bamboo cage protectively like a bunch of penguins defending their egg against bloodthirsty predators.

'Aiyah, it's hard being a guard.' Bebe comments.

The funniest system ever Lolol: [A guard system? Didn't you say you were a basic system in the last round?]

System 666 is looking for love: [Bebe did. It also has no alibi this time.]

Baby Bebe: [No, wait Bebe was distracted and didn't do anything! Bebe isn't the virus!]

The funniest system ever Lolol: [Sounds super sus.]

Waiting for my promotion 145: [+1]

System DanDan doesn't like Dandan noodles: [+2]

ShockingtheworldasaFighterPlane8261: [+3 sorry Bebe, but everyone else checks out for now]

Waiting for my promotion 145: [Fuck me 8261, do you have to keep bragging about being a fighter plane? It was one world!]

ShockingtheworldasaFighterPlaneandFuckingover145_8261: [Heh. You're just sad because you got demoted back to a Minor Supporting Character system. That's what you get for betting on bad hosts all the time.] 

Waiting for my promotion 145: [I just think maybe I can change them with my love and dedication!]

The funniest system ever Lolol: [lolololol you certainly changed them into perverts who want to fuck you ah.]

Baby Bebe: [+1]

System DanDan doesn't like Dandan noodles: [Honestly, you would have kept your job if you just dated them or something. At the very least they wouldn't have gone crazy and stole enough system and heavenly energy through various means to become Worldbreakers in order to try find a way to be with you forever and also kill off any of your other hosts as well.]

Baby Bebe: [Or you know... choose a less weird host.]

Waiting for my promotion 145: [Tsk you should talk Bebe. I've seen your posts.]

Baby Bebe: [That's different! I didn't get to vet my host this time! The overseer did it because I'm new to the job! They promised me that my host fit all the requirements of a Beta host and would be top tier quality!!!] 

Waiting for my promotion 145: [Ugh I want a specialized job too, my pay is so low now, boo.] 

ShockingtheworldasaFighterPlaneandFuckingover145_8261: [Thats because 76% of the hosts you raised became Worldbreakers...]

Waiting for my promotion 145: [Well they didn't kill any systems!]

Baby Bebe: [Which is why you're still able to work with hosts ah.]

Waiting for my promotion 145: [QAQ Maybe I should go into R&D or marketing. I'm still young. I'm only 241 years old. Bebe, you'll help me right? You have connections there.] 

Baby Bebe: [Hahaha hell no. We were in the same general Logic class, Bebe has seen your grades. Unless Bebe slept with the head of R&D there is no way Bebe would be able to get you through the backdoor.]

The funniest system ever Lolol: [Wait... didn't you sleep with Overl-]

[The funniest system ever Lolol has been muted]

[The funniest system ever Lolol has been unmuted]

The funniest system ever Lolol: [Rude.]

System 666 is looking for love: [Guys, times running out. We're voting for Bebe right?]

The funniest system ever Lolol: [Ya]

Waiting for my promotion 145: [+1]

ShockingtheworldasaFighterPlaneandFuckingover145_8261: [Totally]

System DanDan doesn't like Dandan noodles: [Let's do this]

Baby Bebe: [Guys, no, come on QAQ]

[Baby Bebe has been deleted... Baby Bebe was not a virus.]

Bebe curses before switching to ghost mode and curses again. It turns out System 8261 and System 145 were the viruses. No wonder, they suddenly started bickering. It turned out they were distracting everyone so that way only Bebe would be the only suspect present in everyone's minds when time runs out! 

How insidious! 

"The old master and master has arrived!" A young male servant came into the main hall. Seeing everyone's eyes on him, he trembles a little but keeps his back straight. "The first young master has been intercepted by his fiancee so he will be unable to make it and the second young master will arrive soon. Master has asked for Guard Yi to bring him the dragon to the study to personally confirm the presence of the dragon with his father."

The people in the room held looks of great dissatisfaction at the announcement. Especially the concubines and their less favoured offspring. If they didn't get to see the dragon with their own eyes then there's a chance that Wen Xiao can still be protected when the fake dragon is revealed by spouting some lies about how the dragon flew away or some nonsense. 

Wen Geming, the old man of the Wen family only produced one son with his childhood sweetheart, Wen Xing, the current head of the family. Generally even though Wen Geming is old, he should still be considered the head of the family however he loved his son very much and gave him all the family power a year after his wife died, happy to sit in the background to help Wen Xing out but not stifle him. 

Both this father and son were very intelligent, and sly like foxes but not too ambitious so the Wen family maintained a high status but not too high they would easily be pushed out as a target during any large conflicts. While many family members were not satisfied with the current status quo, they were only branch members that unfortunately was not able to produce anyone with as much talent and skill as Wen Xing. Therefore they did not have the authority or ability to complain about Wen Xing and Wen Geming's choice of personally inspecting the dragon up close first even though the pair were clearly not giving their family members any face and were openly favouring Wen Xia.

It had to be said, Wen Xia was a brash idiot like the original Tang Muxin but unlike her, she at least knew how to use her position as a child of the main wife and curry favour well to be able to win the hearts of her father and grandfather. Her brothers were also quite indulgent toward her but they were much more strict and nagging so Wen Xia preferred her father and grandfather more.

Guard Yi showed a faintly relieved expression and hastily obeyed. He didn't like dealing with these blood sucking leeches of the Wen family since as a guard, even a respected one in the family, he could neither talk openly against them much less hit them like he would have wanted. 

As he walked toward the study, Bebe quickly woke Jia Hyson up and filled him in.

Jia Hyson listens and frowns. It seems he'd miscalculated Wen Xian's shrewdness and the love the head of the Wen family has for her to protect her like this. He had wanted a big reveal in front of all the cheap family members to best slap their faces but he supposes this was okay as well. He felt a little helpless. It was really hard to manipulate things given his identity.

Guard Yi knocks on presumably the study door. 

"Come in," A deep slightly rough voice commands. Jia Hyson's ears perk up at the sound. Mature and elegant. It was... quite nice to listen to ah. 

Bebe: '...'  

The study of Wen Xing's was surprisingly quite ostentatious. 

Everything seemed to have a faint shine of gold in it and every decoration had some element of it. There were also various symbols of fortune and various scale patterns around the room. It was a not so subtle yet not super tacky show of worship for the golden dragon the Wen family has adored for so long. 

In fact if it wasn't that the five clawed dragons were reserved for the emperor and four clawed dragons were reserved for the princes and certain high noble families, Jia Hyson was sure that this room would have been much more blatant and filled with dragon posters and motifs. 

Wen Xing and Wen Geming were both seated by the desk. The relationship between the two were very close, as both father and son shared similar views and intellect. If there was one thing they disagreed on it would have to be in the topic of marriage since Wen Geming only brought his sweetheart into his household while Wen Xing was a typical man of the era and had five concubines. 

Fortunately for Wen Xia who was useless and arrogant, her father still had the opinion that children from the main wife were worth more than a concubines'. It could be said that even though he didn't have the same level of affection as Wen Geming had for his wife, he still valued his own wife above the other women he brought in which is considered pretty upstanding given the time period. 

At the very least there wasn't any of that drama of the concubine overthrowing the main wife and her children bullshit like in the original Tang Muxin's family. 

Wen Xing was not a very handsome man but his temperament that is honed as a good leader of the Wen family helped add twenty points of attractiveness to his plain face. Wen Geming however, despite being in his sixties, was much more striking. It was clear he had been a looker back in the days and those good looks had not completely faded over time. 

While Jia Hyson couldn't physically be sexually aroused by them he silently wolf whistled. Tch if he was human and they were available he would have flirted with them by now. This father and son were very much in his strike zone ah.

Bebe: 'Your strike zone is so wide that it's longer than the distance between the earth and the fucking sun.' 

Seeing his little golden head peeking out of the fur blanket in the cage, Wen Xing and Wen Geming were stunned. 

Jia Hyson was not shy and slithered out of the fur, showing off his dragon appearance. His upper body was straightened upwards and his lower half half circled the cage, posing like a snake ready to attack, eyes vigilantly staring at the two men. 

The men had long left their seats, creeping closer with wide, bright eyes as they stared at the baby dragon. If they were about a few decades younger and weren't in ancient style clothes, Jia Hyson could easily imagine them as excited little boys pressing their faces against the glass as they see a real life tiger for the first time at the zoo. 

"It's so beautiful!" Wen Geming exclaims in his excitement only to get shushed by his son.

"Don't scare it ah," Wen Xing whispers like Jia Hyson couldn't hear the suppressed delight and childish exhilaration in his voice. "Ah, ah, look at how it stands so tall and upright as it sways!" 

"En, it seems very healthy."

"Smaller than I expected though."

"It's okay, with our help we'll help it grow nice and big ah!"

Second Young Master who had just arrived: '...'

Guard Yi had been very careful in holding the bamboo cage with both hands, putting it closer down to his stomach in order to better support it and minimise the amount of jostling and discomfort for the baby dragon. The moment he arrived into the study he didn't even get time to speak before the baby dragon woke up and attracted his masters' attentions. The masters were so enthralled they were practically kneeling in front of him, both fighting to get a closer look at the dragon and trying to coax the cute little thing closer by wriggling their fingers at it.

Second young master Wen Gen had been a little caught up with some documents but in order to support his sister and to do his best to brush up his father and grandfather's impression of him he had done his best to finish up quickly and join them. He had even contacted his older brother's annoying fianc to distract him. With this in mind he opened the door to the study only to be greeted with such a spicy scene.

The leader of the Wen family's loyal personal guards Guard Yi stood with his back toward him...

His father and grandfather kneeling at his feet, their hands reaching up toward what looked like Guard Yi's crotch...

And then the dialogue...

"It's so beautiful!"

"Don't scare it ah,"

"Ah, ah, look at how it stands so tall and upright as it sways!" 

"En, it seems very healthy."

"Smaller than I expected though."

"It's okay, with our help we'll help it grow nice and big ah!"

Second young master Wen Gen: '...'

Even though he was fit, healthy and in the prime of his life, second young master Wen Gen really felt like he was having a stroke.




Tang Muxin and her camp had fell into an unprecedented low mood. The room was filled with all sorts of damages and scattered black feathers but they all ignored it as they sat in various places around with a solemn expression.

Da Gong paced around the room irritably, occasionally raise his wings aggressively and clucking fiercely at the humans like an angry CEO at an emergency company meeting reprimanding his incompetent board members. Ye Cheng tried again to soothe the angry bird but was rebuffed with a powerful flick of the wing. Finally Da Gong ran out of steam and just started to scratch the floorboards in frustration. 

Awkwardly patting Ye Cheng's shoulder comfortingly, Cao Huizhong turns to Tang Muxin, "You have a connection with Jin Bao right?" He asks politely enough, however Cao Huizhong's natural overbearing personality clearly had a hint of 'do something' to it.

Tang Muxin frowns slightly at the sight of her friend's tofu sneakily getting eaten by the no-good prince but she ignores it. Shaking her head helplessly she mutters, "At a certain distance I can't communicate with him." The distance that requires them to allow communication is larger than before but it's not enough.

Cao Huizhong sneers. "Then we have to do it the hard way."

"Shouldn't it be the Wen family behind it?" Meng Meng asks.

"Not necessarily," Ye Cheng quietly replies, "One of the followers might have offered to help or even take Jin Bao for themselves or in order to flatter the Wen family. While it's less likely, we need to confirm it in case. If we want Jin Bao back we're going to offend some nobles and we don't have the power to go against them. On the off chance the Wen family didn't kidnap Jin Bao or they used someone else's family to do it, then we would be finished." 

She clenches her fists. 

Jin Bao was not only a fellow transmigrator but the person who had reached out to her when she needed it. He helped her meet Ye Cheng who she regarded to be one of her closest friends now but Jin Bao will always be her confident, his lively and silly chatter a regular visitor in the back of her mind. 

And now he was taken right under her nose.

It could be said the outcome of this small battle was one of the biggest failures of her life. 

...

"Tang Muxin should be thinking something along the lines of 'I've been too complacent, this is the biggest failure I've experienced, I need to get stronger!' Or something like that ah." Jia Hyson chirps as he crawls around on the plush and soft mattress underneath him. 

'You don't know that,' Bebe replies contrarily as it videos the way those tiny limbs stumble underneath the overly cushiony surface underneath its host. Cute animal videos were popular. Situations where hosts could be baby dragons were very rare. Therefore Bebe had realized after checking its old posted videos that it had really made a killing! The profit was enough to let it happily go shopping for game items without worrying that its stingy mother in law like host would nag at it! 

"Tsk, are you a fool?" Jia Hyson snaps. It's been about a full day since being kidnapped and he was so hungry right now. The quality of the food the Wen family has was admittedly very good. He didn't know where they got their rice but there was a faint wisp of spiritual energy in the grains so he wouldn't starve for a week or two at least... but it won't stop him from being hangry as hell. 

"Has accompanying laozi taught you nothing? No matter what hardships Tang Muxin has suffered it's undeniable that the mistakes she's actually made are incredibly low. If not how could she become a super blah blah blah in such a short time? A setback like this will hit hard for her and produce motivation, and therefore plot and character development." Jia Hyson sneers before stumbling and tripping over the corner of a pillow. "Fuck! Why are dragon legs so stubby!?" 

Even though he was swearing up a storm, externally to outsiders it sound more like, "Mrp! Mreep! Mrp!?" 

Seeing the little dragon thrash around in the soft bedding, the second young master Wen Gen stifled the girlish scream that threatened to leak from his mouth and, like the most loyal attendant, approached the dragon and helped lift it into a more stable position. 

Jia Hyson who was picked up and repositioned grunted in reluctant thanks before resuming his crawling exploration. It would be wrong to say the Wen family didn't treat him well but it wasn't really right to say the Wen family were treating him right either. 

It was a bit like they were treating him like an extremely rare beloved and fragile pet. They loved and worshiped him but subconsciously they still saw him as a small animal with lesser intelligence and treated him as thus. 

Even Guard Yi was the same, however it wasn't because he thought all animals had little intelligence. After fighting man to rooster with Da Gong, exchanging fists and feathers, the Wen guards present during the scuffle all had their world views widened a little bit and no longer looked down on animals as much as before. 

It was just...

Jia Hyson who had just got back up stumbled again under the overly soft mattress, screeching softly with his little limbs flailing about like a baby who had yet to know how to crawl. 

Jia Hyson: 'Fucking fuck, fuck, mother fuck, fuck your mum, fucking legs, Bebe stop fucking filming me, fucking embarrassing-'

Second Young Master Wen Gen: '...so cute!' ("0")

Guard Yi: '...really stupid.' (///T__T///)

Compared to the domineering rooster, this little dragon was clearly a silly white sweet. It was hard not to treat it like a beloved baby.

The night before Second Young Master Wen Gen realized his misunderstanding after his father and grandfather scolded him half to death for his hysterical yelling and vulgarities in front of the baby dragon. Wen Gen had felt wrong for about a minute before looking at Jia Hyson's appearance that was bursting with cuteness and had immediately been conquered. 

Wen Gen liked to breed dogs and secretly loved the small silly puppies the best. Seeing the little dragon, it really hit a lot of his soft spots ruthlessly. 

In the end he also had dropped to his knees and joined his father and grandfather in coo-ing at the baby dragon that was still at Guard Yi's crotch level at the time.

Guard Yi: '...' At least let me move ah.

First young master Wen Shen who had previously been delayed by his fiance and had only just arrived: '...' Wtf my secret boyfriend is cheating on me with my cheap brother, my father and my grandfather! 

Guard Yi who saw Wen Shen: (|||)"...No, wait, this isn't-"

First young master Wen Shen: "You fucking scum man! You promised to wait until I was ready!" (`)

Second young master Wen Gen who missed out on the opportunity of a lifetime to push his annoyingly talented brother from his heir position, was grinning idiotically: "Awwww, who's a cutie?"

Master Wen Xing who didn't notice that his most trusted guard and the child he was the most proud of are having a secret love affair, wiggles his fingers at the baby dragon: "It's you, isn't it? You a cutie? Come here wanna play with my fingers? Want nibbles?" 

Old Master Wen Genming who failed to become aware that his favorite and most promising grandson, was making fishy faces: "Hehe, little cutie look here! Grandpa wants attention too ah- !"

Cutie Jia Hyson: 'Shut up! Shut up! Laozi wants to see the dogblood drama happening behind me!' ()

...Anyway, the point is the second young master Wen Gen had joined his father and grandfather as dragon slaves and had volunteered to take care of Jin Bao with Wen Xia. He didn't even care about stealing the heir position from Wen Xing anymore and even used his lack of talent handling business and family matters to shove off all his work and spend even more time with the dragon, much to the others' dismay and anger.

Because of the Wen family's old loyalties and obsessions, plus the diluted blessing of the dragon, the men and women that carries Wen family blood would instinctively wish to please and serve Jia Hyson. However those that married into the family were not the same.

Wen Geming and Wen Xing had talked quietly through the night, allowing a gloomy Wen Shen and excited Wen Gen to listen in. Finally they decided to allow the men in the family above fifteen to partake in the secret for now.

Jia Hyson didn't really care about the specifics of that though. According to human nature, his identity will probably be exposed and leaked to the public soon. Whether it was because a husband confides in a favoured concubine, a servant eavesdrops, a drunk person blurts it out in a tavern, or just a very ambitious person wants to take advantage by sowing chaos, Jia Hyson was sure that the Wen family won't be able to stop it. 

It works to his advantage either way as the event will help make the Wen family a stepping stone for Tang Muxin who has the advantage of being soul-bonded to him. 

He's set up the event, prepared the conflict, provided motivation, now all he has to do is wait and let the chips fall where they may. In short, it's all up to the protagonists now.

Jia Hyson: 'Jiayou oh-' (^^)

Protagonists: '...' 

...

As expected, in a week someone finally broke and the whole city of Kaifeng suddenly knew that there was a dragon in the Wen family. To be honest the reason for the leak was a bit unexpected though.

Somebody had gone and accused the Wen family of witchcraft as in the past week they had experienced a flow of unprecedented luck. That in itself could be brushed off as a coincidence and keen insight from the talents of the family but Kaifeng was currently experiencing a drought period. In the last few days it had gotten worse and only the Wen family's garden was still vibrant and flourishing. It really looked like they had sucked up the vitality of their surroundings. 

Of course this wasn't due to any witchcraft but... cough due to Jia Hyson's daily needs. 

His poop was made of jade filled with spiritual essence. Since he had been nourished by Tang Muxin's cooking and become stronger obviously their effects would also increase as well. Plus, now that food had gone down in quality and there was a lot of excess indigestible parts of the meal there had been a lot of bowel problems for the little dragon okay??? 

Thinking about how he scuttled around the garden frantically to do his business and trying to hide it... really too embarrassing! 

Even though it was top quality jades valued by everyone, to him it was still his shit! Who would show off and let others parade their shit around ah? 

That wasn't his fucking kink! 

Only Tang Muxin knew about his unique trait but she was considerate enough not to take advantage of it for monetary gain. In fact it was better for the earth to let the jades be buried and help improve the surrounding soil and plant life. It wasn't like the luck from her protagonist halo and Jia Hyson's lucky dragon physique made it difficult to gain sellable items anyway. There was no need to collect dragon poop.

Anyway, it was due to this that some jealous people tried to incite discord and cry demon. Ancient people are like normal people except far more superstitious and sensitive to supernatural topics. Whether they truly believed that the Wen family has colluded with dirty things, the fact that they're experiencing good times while others were not were enough to move many people to point their dissatisfaction toward them.

Wen Xia as the one who found Jin Bao in Tang Muxin's possession, was the only person in the family who was under sixteen that knew about the dragon. No matter what she was an arrogant loudmouthed cannon fodder who was prone to impulsive decisions and an inability to restrain themselves well. 

She had always been treasured and doted on, and many people came to flatter her. Now that public opinion had turned, how could she stand it? 

Under scathing remarks, she burst out the truth.

Of course people are more inclined to believe the negative rather the positive. Even if she did say the truth, such an unbelievable truth at a troubled time like this, only a dog would believe it.

Still, there are many enemies and many who were just jealous or just wished to put fuel to fire. Soon Wen Xia's outburst spread out so fast that the emperor himself probably wouldn't be able to stop it. In a fortnight it's most likely the news would even reach the emperor's ears which is probably the intended effect for those who wish to bring the Wen family down. 

Bebe: 'Fuck! () Bebe was really betting on a jealous family member!'

Jia Hyson: 'Heh, I told you Wen Xia would fuck up eventually. Pay up.'()

If Jia Hyson could predict this sort of thing, Wen Genming and Wen Xing could also do so. While it wasn't ideal, it also wasn't the worst thing in the world. After all, this was similar to the situation of when Wen Xia brought the dragon to the family but on a larger scale. The dragon is real, ergo, there is really no problem except that they've failed to inform the emperor immediately. Even then they can always pretend to play dumb and say they're messenger that they sent might have been met with an accident or something.

Unfortunately for them though, their little beloved dragon had become ill.

Jia Hyson lay listlessly in the sun, his bright golden scales dim and even his growing hair was limp and lost a bit of its shine. The small and intermittent amount of spiritual energy was obviously not enough for him in the long run, especially given he was in an important stage of transitional growth. 

To be fair, the food quality was good and occasionally not just the rice but the vegetables and the meat could contain faint spiritual energy but without the ability to keep what little energy inside in the dish from escaping, it was like drinking nothing but water and juice the whole time. He wouldn't die. But after a week he wouldn't come out of it well. Everyone was very worried, whether genuinely concerned or for completely selfish reasons, no one in the Wen family, not even the servants, wanted the dragon to die in their hands.

It was just like Jia Hyson wanted.

No matter what, Tang Muxin and her party's fighting power was too low to compete with the Wen family's martial artists. There was a chance Tang Muxin's luck might have summoned a golden thigh to help them out but Jia Hyson hadn't heard of any large waves being made other than the malicious gossip toward the Wen family so he felt that it wasn't the case. 

Fortunately their collective IQ was high and had no pig teammates save for their mascot who was determined to dig pit- ahem plot points for them. Jia Hyson placed his bets on that and knew they were most likely waiting for an opportunity to either use public opinion, or find an opening to enter the residence. This was the opening he made for them.

The Wen family were a bit too overconfident they could take care of a dragon, once they see the dragon is getting sick and losing appetite, they will panic and want to find ways to cure him. The limited time before the emperor hears such interesting gossip is not particularly long and they knew that the emperor would want to see the dragon which will only add to the pressure.

After all, people were superstitious. While there's no precedent for this in the last few centuries, having a dragon die during the dynasty is probably a pretty shit omen ah.

Someone would finally bring up the question on how the dragon had survived so long and then everyone will remember Tang Muxin's group.

Jia Hyson tiredly nods in self satisfaction internally. But the truth was, he was really starving here. It seems like the theme every second world he's entered is about constant hunger for him. Honestly it's really just so bullshit. He is not into it.

Bebe: 'But this is pretty much all your own fault...'

Jia Hyson: 'I'm so hungry I'm not even going to argue with you.' 

Bebe: '...'

Bebe falls silent, a little helpless. It had offered some of their last syringes of spiritual energy left they had saved for an emergency but Jia Hyson refused. It's easy to act listless but his dragon body would give away his lie easily. One had to admire the man's work ethic during these times.

After all, there were many hosts out there who would pretend to go on a depressed hunger strike to fool someone but secretly be pigging out on delicacies bought from the system store and gaming happily, only to quickly slap on an item that changes their appearances to look sallow and of ill health. However Jia Hyson had a super doctor as a protagonist this time, using her skills and basic logical deductions that most people had, they could easily tell whether a person was truly on hunger strike for such a long time or not due to how well a patient's body responds during recovery. 

Jia Hyson felt like he could take two birds with one stone through this one week of suffering. On one hand Tang Muxin won't be suspicious and no one would think he was faking, and on the other he would have a better and deeper understanding of how a person recovering from starvation should feel. It may not be the same given that he's a dragon but it's enough to help his acting improve by half a level.

Just as expected, Tang Muxin was summoned.

Unexpectedly, it wasn't Tang Muxin that came.

Jia Hyson: (TT) ???

.

.

.

.




A pretty young woman and two decently looking men had entered the Wen family's gathering hall. They weren't exceedingly good looking but they weren't plain either. If one squinted you could almost think they look about four points similar to Tang Muxin, Ye Cheng and Cao Huizhong. 

Seeing the proud but slightly nervous Wen Xia leading them, Jia Hyson immediately more or less understood. 

Fuck, Wen Xia you dumb whore!

...He likes it a lot ah!

Bebe: '...you would.' After all, all the men that successfully caught your heart were dumb whores. 

Dumb whores Drake and Sefu: '...' 

Wen Xia was already under pressure and scrutiny from the family. 

While she brought glory by taking the dragon home, she did so using quite a few lies in order to get her father to let her use extreme measures and steal the dragon using the guards. The Wen family didn't investigate clearly whether the dragon had been not living well like Wen Xia had said but naturally had assumed with the arrogance of nobles that even if it had lived well it would live better in the Wen house so who cares? So they praised Wen Xia for her quick witted-ness and good eye.

Now that Wen Xia was responsible for the leak in information and the fact the dragon was getting ill, the Wen family's attitude had turned around and the things they ignored could not be ignored anymore. 

Wen Xing and Wen Geming were not as petty, while they were disappointed and unhappy, they were still grateful to meet a dragon in this lifetime and that will not immediately be forgotten. However they couldn't stop the other members of the family from blaming all the faults on Wen Xia making her vary aggrieved and alarmed. 

She had always been a treasure but now she was being treated like trash. Even her doting father and grandfather have become sterner with her.

For those raised like soft tofu, even a small insult will be considered a large blow to their sensitive feelings. Wen Xia was also not a complete idiot and knew that if they called the real Tang Muxin in then they would reveal their grievances with her and how she offended them and unjustly stole their dragon.

If it was before the Wen family would still protect her but now their interests lie in the people who were able to take care of the dragon for so long. What's one Wen Xia worth in comparison? 

Ancient people valued lives less than in modern day. This was a place where, as long as you had status and money, killing someone was not only easy to cover up but easy to forget. The emperor can wipe out a whole family because one member offended him if he wished. 

Wen Xia as a young unmarried girl with no fiance only had her family's love to allow her to keep her head so high. Without it she's just a pretty woman. And those are the most vulnerable and most wronged people in this era. 

Before she looked down on those simple women, so weak and pathetic and pitiful. To be unable to do anything, to be so worthless and easily discarded. But now more than anything she realized she was the same. 

She had heard that all her previous marriage offers had practically disappeared and the few that were left were planning to be snatched by her good sisters and cousins. Wen Xia didn't have much in the way of skills nor did she have a good temper or outstanding looks. Without getting a good husband who will flatter her like a princess, she knew her life wouldn't be good in the future. 

But if the family found out how she lied about Tang Muxin... saying that she was a bitch who didn't treat the dragon well and did this and that to the poor thing, that she didn't ask for the dragon first and tried to negotiate calmly like she said but instead just chose to steal the dragon as her first action... then she might not even have a future! 

So instead of waiting for a sure death she might as well fight it and struggle for a bit longer! 

It can be said the attitude was somewhat admirable but clearly short-sighted, selfish and naive. After all, the main issue was the sickly dragon. If that wasn't solved, then don't talk about Wen Xia, the whole Wen family's future would be in danger. 

Substituting Tang Muxin and the others with fakes is really self-sabotaging in the long run in this case. The only way she could actually pull off such a scheme is if she managed to find a way to cure Jia Hyson before it's too late. And somehow Jia Hyson doubts it.

Tang Muxin and Ye Cheng should have heard the gossip about the Wen situation already, and Yan Huizhong who is the most vicious would make sure to teach the group how to reap the most rewards and dole out the most punishment to Wen Xia given their current high horses they were sitting on. 

They would've been ready for a moment like this, Jia Hyson felt like it was impossible for them not to realize what's happening and rush in to destroy this farce unless 1. They had no idea about being summoned to the Wen family yet. This was unlikely as the family asked to make a small event out of asking for help in order to give them face. Plus it would make it difficult to turn down such overly public sincerity and the show of wealth would also help move their hearts. So half the city already knew the original owners of the dragon would come to the main Wen household. 

Or 2. Something happened to them. 

Jia Hyson was more inclined to the latter. Wen Xia most likely detained them using her own contacts and her own personal servants and guards. As a favored young lady she still had some servants who were blindly loyal to her or felt like she was a ship they couldn't so easily jump off. There was also her mother who of course would not let her go down like this either. 

At this point in her life, the people who haven't left her are the people who were willing to do nearly anything to help her, even if it is for their own selfish reasons. 

Jia Hyson sighs and silently lights a candle for Wen Xia. If it was him he would have tried to bribe Tang Muxin's group and apologize for his previous decorum while selling sympathy. Sure it would be demeaning as a rich noble and a sure hit to his pride but the short term embarrassment would be nothing compared to the benefits of easing up your personal relationship with people who can raise dragons. 

"Father, grandfather," Wen Xia, oblivious to the dragon's small thoughts about her, smiles widely, "I've brought the commoners who raised the dragon."

...

Jia Hyson had pretty much predicted everything correctly. 

Tang Muxin glares angrily at the two male servants leering at her as she lays in a basement bound tightly with rope with Ye Cheng and Meng Meng in a similar situation. When she was a spy slash assassin she held a lot of little hidden gadgets to help in such a situation but she had let her guard down since transmigration. The few small knives and daggers she had hidden on her body were hard to hide well in female commoner garb and they were quickly taken away. 

The only thing left was a sharp hairpin in her hair, however with the way the men were watching her, every movement she makes will be seen so it was impossible to try use it now. 

You can say a lot about these guards with no conscience but at the very least they were good at their job or they wouldn't have been working in the Wen house in the first place. 

Meng Meng was worse off as the most powerful of the group, and had been very violently taken down. He was still unconscious even now, adding worries on top of worries.

They didn't even spare Yan Huizhong who was a cripple, however they only tied up his arms, laughing derivatively at his legs and commenting about how they didn't want to waste good rope on a disabled person, humiliating the prince. 

It could be said, like master, like servant. These male servants were skilled at certain things but were overall quite brainless and good at pulling aggro. 

In order to this, Wen Xia stole more sleeping gas and got her biggest male servants and mother's most loyal guards to bind them and drag them to an unknown location. She did have some heart and only asked them to make sure the group is kept there until the moon rises, nothing else. Unfortunately the guards and servants were all scum men and after a while became bored of simply guarding their hostages.

As they circled around Tang Muxin like they were appraising a piece of meat they began to chat idly. One had even come bringing drinks, and over time not only were their tongues loosened but so were their inhibitions. Not only were they leering at Tang Muxin, but Yan Huizhong was also getting some stares with that pretty appearance of his that could beat most women. 

Maybe because Yan Huizhong was a cripple, or the men felt that since their master didn't mention specifically to be kind to the men, the guards felt he was easier game.

One of the brawniest ones finally reached up and tugged the long black hair of the prince, painfully pulling him upwards to admire that face full of androgynous beauty and arrogant charm. "Keke," he laughs vulgarly, "Better than a woman." 

"Tsk never thought you were a cut sleeve," another guard hollers while the others hoot and howl like animals. 

"Shaddup, I ain't bent like that! Who told him to look like such a lady?" The burly guard slurs out, "And don't think I didn't see you guys all looking at him either!" 

"Hey, hey, do you think a cripple would still feel good though?" Someone asks loudly. "Ya know, maybe he's all loose down there."

Yan Huizhong flushed in humiliated rage at the vulgar words. In the original story his years on the streets as a crippled beggar slowly numbed him to the cruelties of human nature. 

However in this timeline, while he still had a lot of problems with his nature, he hadn't blackened as much as he was surrounded by caring people, cute animals and the kindhearted, chatty Ye Cheng who had slowly been thawing his defenses in his heart. While he was stronger than before he was also weaker. 

"Don't worry," the brawny man coos, his sour liquor scented breath suffocating the prince with each word. "I hear men are too tight anyway. It's good to be a bit loose hehe. Better than all that bleeding and yelling from the women ba."

The other men laugh as if they heard the funniest joke this year. 

Yan Huizhong was furious and a touch fearful. He wanted to struggle but his hands were tied up tightly and his legs were useless. All he could do was stay silent and try not to provoke the drunkard any further. It had been a long time since he had felt so aware of how vulnerable and pathetically helpless he was. 

Sensing things are getting worse by the minute, Ye Cheng's eyes flash and makes an obvious and loud struggle to undo his bindings, managing to loose his gag in order to curse at the group wildly and vulgarly with all the swears he had learnt over the years. He wasn't inexperienced in being schemed against but schemes from fellow merchants and commoners were barely anything to brag about in front of the plotting of nobility. Still, noble or commoner, they were all humans and Ye Cheng knew that at the very least he could serve to distract them from harming Tang Muxin and Cao Huizhong. 

As expected, the increasingly rowdy men who were constantly looking at Tang Muxin moved their attention to Ye Cheng. As a big man with tanned skin and freckles, he of course wasn't considered as good looking so many of the guards were too lazy to deal with him. However the words spilt from his mouth were so provoking the men couldn't help but stand up and gnash their teeth with anger. 

"Laozi dares you to repeat that again!" One of the men smashes his empty wine bottle onto the floor and raises a fist at Ye Cheng. 

While Ye Cheng's back was drenched with sweat his face was cheeky and irritating to look at. "Hehe, this granddaddy is too good to waste words on you. Why should I repeat just because you said repeat? Am I a dog? No, no, even a dog wouldn't want to follow such ugly masters. It's surprising that you can even work at an esteemed place like the Wen family's main house ah given all that sperm in your brain. I wonder if your young lady Wen promised you all that you could lose your virginity if you took this job ah? I feel sorry for young lady Wen then, after all, finding prostitutes willing to-ugh!" 

Ye Check coughs and wheezes at the sudden punch thrown by the nearest enraged servant. Soon the others followed through, now unhesitatingly after someone took the lead. Because they were drunk some men missed and some men hit weakly while others hit too hard. No matter what, Ye Cheng cleverly made noises of pain and pleas to satisfy their egos and prolong his distraction as much as possible. 

"Tsk, weak." A guard mockingly clicks his tongue.

"Heh a dog that's all bark." Another sneers, "How boring, why don't I get some drinks first?"

"I'll come too hehe, the young miss was very generous. I need to make sure you don't cheap out on us ah."

Soon the group was split between going upstairs to drink and gamble, while the rest continued to beat Ye Cheng to a pulp. For now they decided to leave the beauties till the end.

Tang Muxin and Yan Huizhong's eyes redden as they watch Ye Cheng sacrifice himself to avoid their own humiliation. 

Unable to bear it Yan Huizhong uses his whole body to throw at the unconscious Meng Meng. Head butting him repeatedly in order to get him to wake up faster. Even as an amnesiac, the muscle memory was still there. Though he loathes to admit it, right now he, Yan Huizhong, could only rely on this bastard to help Ye Cheng. 

Tang Muxin wasn't a salted fish either. Taking advantage of this she pushes the back of head to the wall and tries to loosen her hairstyle and drop the hairpin. No matter what she was the lucky protagonist so despite their currently desperate situation how could they not turn it around? The world's conscious would make sure of it!

Almost the same time, the hairpin fell into her hand and Meng Meng's eyes fluttered open.

Or should they say, Duan Mengyao's eyes fluttered open. 

Yes, in this period of emergency, Duan Mengyao's memory arrived at least a month earlier than the original plot. 

Originally he would meet his old friends that were looking for him near the capital. He and the original protagonist Pan Shuchun didn't have a cart full of animal tagalongs and a disabled grumpy villain in tow, just some more handsome and loving supporting male leads and good sisters, so their journey was still faster than Tang Muxin's current one despite having encountered more problems due to the original protagonist's white lotus antics. 

After disappearing for a few hours and letting Pan Shuchun worry and fret when she finally realizes he's disappeared, Duan Mengyao would have come back with a less relaxed expression as he informs her that he had regained his memory and had to leave her. It was the typical, 'the current situation is dangerous and I can't let my beloved be implicated due to me so I must be firm and break up first' trope. 

Then of course twenty chapters later they'll reunite at some banquet or something where Pan Shuchun finally realises he's not the simple man she once thought he was... and then he gets relegated to being in the background with the other hot supporting male leads, ready to jump in whenever most convenient for plot.

But now... Duan Mengyao blearily opens his eyes only to be shocked by the frazzled and sweating face of the eighth prince. Even when they had fought before the arrogant prince didn't look as terrible as right now, stressed and exhausted and fearful. 

Wait.. the fight... 

Memories poured into his mind, making his already throbbing head ache even more. 

However the situation didn't allow him to have time to go over it carefully. His recent memories as Meng Meng still were fresh in his mind and he understood his priorities.

Circulating his inner qi, Duan Mengyao strengthens his arms and, with sheer brute force and willpower, snaps off the rope bindings. 

If Jia Hyson was there he would have only said four words: 'Damn, that's fucking hot.'

After all, Duan Mengyao was not the handsomest or smartest or most eloquent of the supporting male leads but he was definitely one of the strongest physically. Once his memories returned, unless someone came back in time with an assault rifle, it was hard to say if he would ever lose in a fight. 

Tang Muxin was also ready to fight, cutting enough into the rope with the hairpin to easily snap the rest off. Her eyes which had gotten warmer each day were now deadly cold.

Yan Huizhong bitterly smiles, even if he wanted to he couldn't do much. However... a flash of determination and calculation flickers in his eyes. He could still do something.

As they readied themselves to fight back and save Ye Cheng they all glanced at each other. Despite their conflicts and contradictions... it seems those months on the road together really meant something. Even if some people can only reluctantly admit it, they were a team. Maybe even the closest thing to a true famil-

BANG!

The door to the basement they were in burst open. One of the guards who chose to go upstairs practically fell out of the door, lying pitifully all bruised and battered. "Help m-ugh."

Before he can even finish his plea, the large paw of Da Shen the dog pushes the beaten up guard's head back down. Riding on the massive dog's back with a regal and imposing air of a warrior on horseback, was Da Gong. If this wasn't a basement scene, there would probably be a glorious rising sun behind the domineering bird. Instead there was just three small field mice in odd golden clothing.

Amidst the silent disbelief, Da Gong stares coldly at the slackjawed guards who were surrounding the bruised Ye Cheng and raises a wing toward them imperiously.

Da Gong: "Cluck."

[Charge.]

All the animals they brought along their journey, such as Xiao Shua the cat, Little Paddy the paddy snake, Little Fatty the field mouse and Little Rabbit, all rushed out to besiege the guards in a torrent of vicious little claws and fangs and fluff. Distantly upstairs you can hear the sound of hooves and neighing and the begging of mercy. It was chaos.

And the leader of the chaos, Da Gong merely stood there on top of Da Shen, surveying it all coolly. Occasionally he would see a weakness and cluck out an order, allowing his subordinates to grow even further through this battle. After being successfully put down easily by the sleeping gas, Da Gong realised that he couldn't just rely on himself to protect everyone. 

First his worm, then his humans went missing. It was a devastating blow to his ego. 

After being supported by his subordinates he finally had an epiphany.

Give a cat a fish and you feed them for a day. Teach a cat to fish and you can get them to become so loyal that they'll fight for you!

Didn't he already have such loyal subjects? Was he raising a bunch of rice bugs?! No! He must train them to fight so this will never happen again!

Watching his subordinates take down human after drunk human, Da Gong, 'tch'-ed. Still too slow but passable ah.

Seeing the tied up humans, he bobbed his head and jumped off of Da Shen's back. Flapping his wings so he flutters down in front of them and clucked assuringly. You could practically see the 'Don't worry lackeys, I'm here now,' written with striking calligraphy in this fierce and awe-inspiring image.

Lackeys Tang Muxin, Duan Mengyao and Prince Yan Huizhong: '...'

So in the end, they really didn't do anything huh?




While the counterattack of nature against humans continues, Yan Huizhong was the first to snap out of his daze. "Ye Cheng! How, how is he?" 

Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao immediately sobered at those words, quickly shaking off their rope bindings and running to check on the unconscious young man. Yan Huizhong who was left behind chuckled bitterly at his own hateful disability before dragging his body toward Ye Cheng. 

Tang Muxin, while not being able to show off her fighting skills, could still show off her medical skills as a super doctor. 

While she couldn't do much for Yan Huizhong due to lack of of surgical tools and such she had a good knowledge of acupuncture to help minimize the damages by reducing his pain, improve the flow of qi and stimulate the central nervous system to promote natural healing. It could be said his physical state was at least much better than in the original storylines and the chance for recovery was not impossible.

Ye Cheng however was much easier to help. The guards were drunk but not insane. They were still commoners and would not bring out their knives and daggers toward someone without their master's orders. 

The young miss Wen Xia was stupid but not blackened or completely irredeemable. She really wasn't at the point where she would permanently silence Tang Muxin and had even expressly told the guards not to harm them more than they should. In the cruel ancient times, this sort of kindness that lets leaks spring from dams was also an incredibly stupid act. 

People were superstitious, the Wen family even more so. Therefore it was one of the few noble families who try to avoid murder when they can. Most likely their old blessing was probably the main reason they've been okay for so long despite their rather tepid attitude in such a cutthroat period of time. Even the servants, while hooligans and thugs, were considered quite pure compared to other family's servants as most had never had to partake in the direct loss of human life before. 

Therefore while Ye Cheng looked awful, it was just surface level injuries. At worst there was heavy bruising but nothing was broken. Tang Muxin carefully checked thrice to make sure before sighing in relief and giving out her diagnosis. 

Luckily Jin Bao and her had found a lot of small treasures along the way. It was more than enough to make a herbal ointment to treat these sort of injuries easily. Add in Ye Cheng's naturally healthy young body and he should be fine in a fortnight maximum. 

However right now they didn't have time to wait a fortnight. 

Tang Muxin looks at Meng Meng seriously, "We need to get to the Wen family's main house. From the sounds of it, Lok Lok and Mei Mei should be upstairs. I'll carry Cao Huizhong, you carry Ye Cheng and we'll ride straight there." 

Duan Mengyao stares at her for a few seconds, eyes deep as he silently weighs his options in his mind. Who knew what he decided on in the end but he gave her a faint smile and nods, looking like the dull and gentle giant of before. "En. Whatever you say." 

Tang Muxin smiles gratefully. Even though she was clearly disheveled, sweaty and without makeup, Duan Mengyao felt she looked very pretty. She would have been even prettier if she didn't then say- "Thank you Meng Meng."

Duan Mengyao: '...' Oh right. He almost forgot that awful nickname he was stuck with since his memory was lost.

But he was currently pretending that he still had amnesia. How could he fight against such an embarrassing name now.

It's okay. It's okay. When he finally wins over the lady, he can try negotiate on the bed ah. 

...

At the same time, in the gathering hall of the Wen family, Jia Hyson was lazily lying around in the large cage prepared for him while the Wen family and the bunch of frauds exchanged pleasantries and polite banal conversation over tea. Ancient people and their goddamn social etiquette. 

He was a little glad he wasn't human his first time round in an Ancient China setting to be honest. Jia Hyson really didn't think he would be able to deal well with all this shit. It was easier just to sell meng and flirt with his family's Da Gong.

Bored, he rolls around the furs and mini pillows in the cage idly as he reads stories on the holographic virtual interface Bebe can produce. Personally he still wasn't a fan of this style of reading, but it wasn't like he could use a tablet or phone now. 

This time he was reading about a quick transmigration story with the subplot of the host main character falling for the system character.

Bebe who didn't want to play games was also reading it with him. 'Ugh.' It complains with some disdain. 'Can we go read the other story about farming in the cultivation world? That was pretty good.'

'What? You don't like host x system stories?' Jia Hyson retorts, 'Because I've read the system news occasionally, it does happen ah.'

'Yeah but it's not exactly the mainstream romance here,' Bebe complains, 'No matter what it's still an interspecies romance. It's like a kink thing ah. These days at the very least it's more acceptable than beastiality.'

Jia Hyson, who technically has been seducing parts of a system and is also currently in an interspecies romance between rooster and dragon: ...

'Oh, well-' That does make sense in retrospect. 

And it does explain why whenever he read those events it was always written in a scandalous tone such as -SHOCKING: A fresh meat system got married to its first host! A degradation of morals in the new generation of systems?!- or -The most talented rookie of the counterattack systems have fallen for their new film emperor host?! Is this the end of System RenRen's perfect record?- or even -You would not believe how many hosts became Worldbreakers after meeting this basic system! Should there be stricter vetting and education for system-host relationships?-. 

'Plus the authors never do the system character justice! They always make the system a dumb idiot. And the ones that aren't dumb and are usually the rare system gongs are generally written to be once human. Like, are you kidding me? Are they saying that if they don't have recycled human souls inside them hosts can only be interested in the braindead bimbo systems who act cutesy? It's disgusting.' Bebe rants, it's voice getting even more emotional. 

'Don't even get me started on the virus and bug gongs either ah. The host never reforms the virus gong to peacefully help the system world or anything! Instead they both are rebels against this 'corrupt system society' that aim to promote a destruction of social structure and order! Isn't that just encouraging terrorism in our system world? How would you like it if Bebe showed you a love story between a lunatic criminal who wants revenge on society and the leader of ISS who go off destroying different countries and defy democracy huh? How does that sound?'

Jia Hyson: ...Well when you put it that way it doesn't sound very good, no.

Jia Hyson after a moment of silence, wordlessly flicks his tail and switches the tabs on his holographic screen. 'How's this?' He asks dryly.

Bebe pauses. '...Is this the new unlimited flow one you found before?'

'Yeah ah,' Jia Hyson enlarges the cover of the webnovel. It was a very eye catching cover of an empty stage with only a spotlight shining on a rusty microphone. The color scheme was bloody and the simple image was quite eerie the more you looked at it. What was more damning was if you zoomed in, you would see that through the cracks of the curtain in the background there was some sort of pale monster staring at the reader. 'Music King on the Haunted Stage. There's four arcs finished already and the reviews so far looked good. What do you say?' 

Bebe quickly scans the reviews and agrees happily. Recently unlimited flow stories have become more and more popular so horror systems have become an up and coming new job. In fact the benefits are good and they're all the rage in the system world, many basic and even advanced systems were vying to apply, even if only part-time. After all, there's nothing more stress relieving than getting the opportunity to fuck up some annoying cannon fodder characters while earning a nice passive income as well. 

While Bebe couldn't personally handle this sort of gore itself, that still didn't stop it from following the trends. 

What could it say? Bad boys were attractive no matter what age you were ah. Those who become horror type systems even get a sexy blood red line coding into their programs hehehehe. 

Bebe pretends it wasn't having dirty thoughts and 'humph's haughtily at its host. 'Heh, you still know how to treat Bebe well.'

Jia Hyson's ears twitch in annoyance, 'Shut up and read ah.' This system was really... really hard to raise ah.

He doesn't know how long it took exactly but whatever conversation they had was as long as about eighteen chapters of Music King on the Haunted Stage, before they finally decided to get down to business. 

Jia Hyson knows vaguely that the World's Consciousness was probably doing some shit in order for the protagonists to arrive at the best and most dramatic time, but damn he can't help but judge these people a bit. Their long-windedness could probably make Ye Cheng want to cry ah.

The Wen family was also not happy with the strangers' blatant flattery and attempts at currying favour either, but because they did take care of the dragon well enough they also had to give them some face and accept their gifts and words with polite respect. 

"Tsk," Second young master Wen Gen clicks his tongue and whispers under his breath to his elder brother, "These uncouth commoners are really... I'd be surprised they could raise a cockroach much less a dragon."

"Don't be rude," First young master Wen Shen whispers but it's clear that he somewhat agrees, eyes flashing with some disdain at the self-proclaimed dragon guardians. 

Wen Geming and Wen Xing also felt like these people were very shameless and not pleasing to their eyes. 

It was even clear to Wen Xia these people were not good. Her back was practically soaked with sweat as she watched these fakes say various provoking things and demand many benefits. But what can she do? She had come this far now, it wasn't like she could drag them away and treat it as a joke ah. 

Still, it didn't make her want to beat these idiots any less!

The fake conmen were poor people she found that looked similar to the true appearances of the individuals that raised the dragon. Because she was running out of time she didn't have time to vet them well and just offered a generous sum of money to claim ownership of the dragon and then let her do the talking. 

Who knew that these three coincidentally were blood sucking vampires?! They weren't satisfied with the money she offered and took advantage of the situation by trying to coax out money and benefits from the head of the main family instead! Wen Xia was really ready to faint from anger when she realized this. 

What pig teammates! 

To be honest, Wen Xia was truly just very unlucky. After all, no matter how greedy someone is, if they had half a brain they would know not to act like this in front of people of status so much higher than their own. To find three who were willing to do such a thing is honestly quite hard. 

One should remember they bore a resemblance to the pretty baby faced and big-breasted Tang Muxin, the fairly well built healthy looking Ye Cheng, and the pale skinned beautiful man Yan Huizhong so their situations were unlikely not bad, or at least not the point they would be very desperate for money. They were simply just very greedy. 

Wen Xia had always been lucky enough to get through life so far. However with the might of Tang Muxin's protagonist halo backed by the world's consciousness, how could her small amount of luck and diluted dragon blessing even hope to fight back? 

Wen Geming finally couldn't take it anymore. He was old and was more sensitive to time passing. He was aware he only had so much life left, so each wasted breath felt extremely irritating. It's one of the many reasons why he moved his family away from the capital where tigers and dragons fought despite the dissatisfaction of many of his family members. "That's enough." 

His curt words immediately cut off whatever Yan Huizhong's lookalike was about to say. The pretty man looked irritated but didn't dare to object. Though he acted arrogant now the lookalike still had some emotional intelligence or he wouldn't have lived as well as he did in the red light district.

Yes. In truth, Wen Xia's luck this time was really, truly awful. She picked up three unscrupulous people that thrived off the corruption of the most corrupt district in the city.

Yan Huizhong's lookalike was a fairly popular male prostitute who clawed to where he was by pushing the less popular boys to serve the clients he disliked under his name. Tang Muxin's lookalike was a female worker at the same brothel who liked to steal the brothel's clients by offering her own body secretly for a lower price. And Ye Cheng's lookalike is one of the guards in the district who demands protection fees through money, sex and liquor. 

In short. They were really top grade unscrupulous and vulgar bastards. 

Lookalike Yan Huizhong gave a pleasing smile, "Yes, of course. The dragon naturally comes first. We will talk of rewards later."

The Wen family: '...'

Then what was all that blathering nonsense before?! Foreplay?!

Aaaaahhh! How annoying! 

As they crowded around Jia Hyson's cage, the three lookalikes were shocked. This was really a fucking dragon! The rumors were true! 

Jia Hyson, seeing the play had finally arrived at the second act, stopped reading the story reluctantly and proceeded to stare up at the people with wide blinking eyes. As the lookalikes moved closer, he could see their eyes were filled with shock, envy and greed. They looked especially vulgar. 

Curiously he flicks on [Karmic Insight]. He's practiced this skill the most during the journey and had a good grasp on it. 

As expected, the colors of the lookalikes aura were rather bleak and muted, with the edges blackening like they were being burnt by invisible fire. The bleak colors like muddy green and dirty yellows and such suggest their karma was not good. The dark shade meant their near future luck was currently awful with the way they were going and the black edges of their aura signifies that their current actions were literally courting death. 

Wen Geming and Wen Xing, the old master and the current master of the Wen family have a vibrant base color of baby pink for Wen Geming and a mature green for Wen Xing. There was also a very faint golden shimmer which indicated they've been blessed albeit weakly. 

The colors represented the personality and maybe even the soul, however Jia Hyson wasn't astute enough to interpret that confidently nor was his skill level high enough to help him. 

At most he could guess the pink might show how Geming is a romantic at heart since such a baby pink makes one think of immature love. He also was extremely faithful and doting to his wife which also supports his theory.

Wen Xia was a little more interesting, her color was flickering between a rich but mottled purple and a pale slightly murky blue which shows she's currently at or coming to a big decision which will affect her greatly enough to change her personality. 

Her karma isn't the best but compared to the lookalikes it was pretty okay. She's mainly just offended people and was a bitch, but the worst thing she's ever done was the kidnapping thing so far. Even then it was with the intent of delaying and not harming and there was no indirect association with death so the karmic debt isn't so bad. 

Her luck though as expected was bleak and the aura was getting darker by the minute the more she let this farce continue. However every time she reconsiders her decision the aura would lighten. That was how karmic insight worked. It can see your future luck but luck is built on your own actions and thoughts and a bit of fate to guide the way. 

If she chooses to back out now and apologize her luck will improve and when Tang Muxin comes in, Wen Xia will 'luckily' escape getting faceslapped. Conversely, the closer she lets things go like this, the closer the bad luck will come. Then again, the faceslapping may be the cause of the personality change, after all, the punishment for this will not be so simple to shrug off. 

Jia Hyson really likes this [Karmic Insight] skill. It uses a lot of color symbolism and relies on theorizing and logical thought on cause and effect, but it indeed gave you a decent prediction of a person's future. Even if he can't get it in the lucky draw he was really willing to save to buy this skill ah. 

Glancing at the two young masters of the Wen family, both their auras were light and bright. Sure there was some turbulence in their aura and a few discolourations, but Jia Hyson couldn't interpret it. Overall though, it's clear that whatever ideas they have in their head right now were correct and would lead them to fortune, or at least will let them avoid misfortune, this time ah.

"Eep!" The Tang Muxin lookalike couldn't help but stifle a sound of surprise. Whenever Jia Hyson used this skill, his golden eyes would glow brightly. Tang Muxin, the real one, had even said that it wasn't so obvious before but now they could even be seen pretty clearly in the dark. One could only imagine if it leveled up further there would be no need for flashlights in the future. 

Still, no matter how startling it looked like, if she was truly the person who took care of the little dragon, this wouldn't have been so surprising. Instantly Jia Hyson could see the three fake's auras turn ugly and dark at a visible rate. 

Blinking his eyes and turning the skill off, Jia Hyson decides to add fuel to the fire. He backs away from the lookalikes, teeth bared as he made various cute snarling and spitting noises at the three, tail waving uneasily. It was easy for everyone to see that the little dragon was hostile toward them, not pleased to see them at all.

The Wen family were immediately surprised and suspicious. The little dragon had been very docile and well behaved despite being unfamiliar with them, so how come it acts like this toward it's previous owners. Either Wen Xia was telling the truth about them being abusive toward the dragon, or... 

"Father," Wen Xing frowns and looks toward the entrance of the room. "Do you, do you hear the sound of horses galloping?"

Soon the sound became clearer, as well as the yelling and chaotic screaming of various guards and servants. Finally the doors burst open, and the valiant looking, albeit rather bedraggled protagonists finally made a dramatic and heroic entrance. The first in possibly the whole story so far.

"Step away from Jin Bao!" Tang Muxin sharply commands.

...

Finally the group was reunited once more. Jia Hyson would be lying if he said he didn't miss them. To emphasise his joy at their appearances, he mustered up what strength he still had left to act energetic and excited, chirping and restlessly running around the cage and trying to escape and run toward the group. Compared to the reaction he had with the three fakes it was like heaven and earth. 

The Wen family were not stupid and seeing the similarities between Tang Muxin, Ye Cheng, Yan Huizhong and the fakes... they knew Wen Xia had tried to dupe them badly.

The following scene was fairly typical. The Wen family were all furious at Wen Xia, scolding her as being unfilial and a wretch. After all this scheme not only harmed innocents but even risked the dragon's life! The Wen family served dragons not schemed against them. As someone who would do this they could not be considered part of the Wen family anymore.

Hearing this, Wen Xia's knees grew weak and buckled, falling to the floor. But nobody helped her. Not her brothers, her father or the grandfather who doted on her the most.

Regret filled her heart as tears filled her eyes as she was enlightened too late.

Why did she do this? What possessed her to even have such a ludicrous and illogical idea? And to go through with it? 

It clearly wasn't worth it at all!

She prostrated herself under the freezing cold gaze of Tang Muxin and apologises sincerely. Even though her eyes were red, she did not let herself weep openly and cause a scene that would disgrace the Wen family any further. It was her last act of pride.

"I don't expect for forgiveness nor ask for a lighter p-punishment." Wen Xia presses her forehead onto the cold floor, "All I ask is that you don't be angry at my family. This... this was all my foolishness. Even if I didn't expect my servants to go against my orders like that... it was still my oversight and, and, I'm sorry. Do with me as you see fit."

Her family also had red eyes. No matter what this was their most doted daughter of the main branch. Wen Gen and Wen Shen who were her brothers and still relatively young, could not contain their emotions of disappointment and sadness. The crime was heavy and the potential damage of hurting a dragon was unprecedented. Death might even be too light a punishment.

Tang Muxin held Jia Hyson in her hands as she stares down at Wen Xia. 

'Ye Cheng is hurt because of her.' She silently tells him.

Jia Hyson was silent for a moment before looking up at her. 'But do you really want to order for her death?'

It was easy to justify this one. But they'll be many people after them now because of Jia Hyson and because of other reasons as well. Tang Muxin wished for peaceful days and to distance herself from her past life. If her peaceful days was once again lined with blood on the way, would she truly have a happy ending at the end?

Tang Muxin also was aware that old habits were easy to slip back into and hard to break. If she solved this through one neat kill, she'll want to do it again in the future. 

'Jin Bao, what do you think?' She finally decides. Truthfully she really did want to kill Wen Xia but she knew this was her anger talking. Right now she needed Jin Bao to provide a more unbiased opinion. Besides, she knew he had certain skills to help her with this decision.

His eyes glow again as he activates [Karmic Insight] for a second before switching it off. As he expected. Wen Xia's aura had changed.

'I see she has potential to reform.' Jia Hyson admits, though it's something both of them have sensed already from Wen Xia's humble attitude when apologising. This was only confirming it.

Closing her eyes, Tang Muxin sighs heavily. "Cast her out of the Wen family grounds and scratch her name from the family records. Wen Xia will no longer be from nobility. Other than that, this one does not care what happens to her."

Wen Xia sat up and stared at her in shock.

It was extremely lenient.

Tang Muxin didn't tell them to break Wen Xia's legs, scar her face or cut all contact with her. Just expel her from the family home and in name.

Immediately she kowtowed in gratitude, "Thank you for your benevolence dragon priestess!"

If Wen Xia understood, so did everyone else. They also all dropped down to kowtow. Even the elderly Wen Geming. "Thank you for your benevolence!"

Tang Muxin felt a bit embarrassed at such a scene but refused to show it, forcibly keeping on her cold face. She didn't want to let them off too lightly either and quickly made various other demands, negotiating with them in a manner that would make Ye Cheng extremely proud.

As for the three fakes? Heh. The Wen family can vent on them, she was too lazy to care.

...

Despite everything, Jia Hyson liked the Wen family a lot. They treated him well and they were a valuable connection. After much convincing, he got Tang Muxin to accept them reluctantly. It helped a lot that Wen Xing unhesitatingly offered their personal doctors to look after Ye Cheng's recovery as a show of goodwill. 

They were also very eager to throw money and various other good things at them in order to curry favour, making the materialistic Ye Cheng smile for days when he woke up.

"This is really a big profit ah," He sighs as he touches his swollen face. "Just a few more beatings like this and I could probably buy a house in the capital."

Yan Huizhong silently glares at him, "Don't be stupid, how could a house be worth you getting hurt." He could buy him ten houses in the capital anyway!

The day they left Kaifeng, the Wen family were nearly in tears. It wasn't as if they had grown close to the protagonists, they had, but not to the extent of being reluctant to see them go. But the main problem was... they were taking Jin Bao with them!

Second young master Wen Gen, the most ambitious of the family, even offered to cut off his familial responsibilities and ties and become the dragon's personal servant! After getting rejected he was practically seething in jealousy at the other men in the group. To think, they could actually get to see the little dragon everyday! How hateful! 

First young master Wen Shen is admittedly also a bit jealous like his brother, but he felt Wen Gen's attitude was really too embarrassing. As the heir to the family, he had to act older and more mature just like his respected father and grandfather...

The older more mature Master Wen Xing: "Wuwuwuwu."

The much older and much more mature Old Master Wen Genming: "Yingyingyingying."

First Young Master Wen Shen: '...' It couldn't be his dad and grandpa were replaced by old mothers sending their baby off for the first time right? 

He turns to Guard Yi to ask whether he had gone mad or his family had, but the leader of the Wen Family's personal guards was looking at him sympathetically. Taking advantage of everyone's distraction he gives the first young master a firm hug. "It's okay, you can be sad. You don't have to be strong right now if even the masters are crying."

First Young Master Shen felt his heart beat a little faster. Snuggling into the muscular chest of his boyfriend, he helplessly squeezed out a small, "...Ying." 

Well, whatever. It would be weird if he didn't act emotional when everyone else was too. 

Jia Hyson who saw it all: '..Ah, what to do, I'm a little jealous ah.'

Other boyfriends have large pectoral muscles bursting with sex appeal and manly charm while his family's Da Gong only have chicken breasts. 

Da Gong: "Cluck?"

Jia Hyson: ...

Jia Hyson: "Awww, I don't care ah-  You're perfect darling-" SnugglesandLove.jpeg

Da Gong: "Cluck." (" (,,,,) 

Other shards in the safe space: FuriouslyGuzzlingVinegar.gif




"Lalalala-" Jia Hyson happily swam in the stream, his serpentine body swishing back and forth as he cuts agilely through the water. 

Unlike western dragons that were big and breathed fire, eastern dragons were sleek and were more inclined toward water. It wasn't like they also didn't have fire breathing dragons as well, but they were more known for bringing rain or becoming rivers etc. so Jia Hyson was particularly adept at swimming. 

By his side three wet little mice were paddling and squeaking happily. Maybe it was because they were summons but their ability to pick things up were very fast, especially if you praise them and shower them with affection. They were truly the representation of individuals that respond well to coercion not force. 

Da Gong who was sitting on the bank clucks, enjoying the view of his shiny little worm. He felt a little regret that he couldn't join in ah. But as a rooster his swimming abilities were not as good and he had too much pride to be seen in such an embarrassing state in front of his worm. 

Even though he knew it was impossible, he wanted his worm to see his best features all the time ah. 

Tang Muxin clicks her tongue at this beautiful scene of the soldier admiring the bathing beauty, before stabbing her hand into the cold flowing river with brutal but swift motion. With some strain she pulls her arm back and reveals the large fish that she had caught with some triumph. It seems they'll be having some fresh meat for dinner tonight. 

Duan Mengyao admires her powerful form for a moment, finding the women heroic and beautiful in her strength, before dutifully wading through the river and offering to carry the flopping fish back to the bank. Tang Muxin smiles faintly and hands the fish over to the larger man, with everyone's appetites they'll need more than one fish, and it was indeed difficult for her to keep a good grip on the energetic and slippery carp when wading back to the bank. 

The General looks at her deeply, as if to etch the smile into his heart before giving her his own faint smile and leaving, stunning her. She didn't know why but she felt that ever since the kidnapping incident Meng Meng had become a little bit more handsome ah.

Meanwhile Ye Cheng was enthusiastically teaching Yan Huizhong to weave reed mats. Reed weaving was a major economic source for local residents since ancient times since dried reeds were fibrous and flexible and could be used for multiple purposes. Ye Cheng felt that Cao Huizhong was pretty good with his hands, and decided now that they had the time and resources he may as well teach him some basics.

He had noticed the beautiful cripple's mood had been quite low since the kidnapping. Ye Cheng couldn't empathize but he definitely could sympathize ah. He had seen many men fall into depression due once they received permanent injuries and became lame or disabled. It was admirable that this nobleman had held himself well for so long. 

However it was inevitable that he must have feelings of worthlessness in his heart given how limited his capabilities and contributions were in the group. After all, Cao Huizhong was smart, the most intelligent in their group, maybe the most intelligent man he had ever met if Ye Cheng was honest. But their group was simple and very carefree, only needing someone to count the money and keep track of profits, something Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin were very capable of doing already.

In short, Ye Cheng was like an elite weak accountant from the national bank trying to find a place with a group of fisherman on a boat. The things they require he can't do, and the few things he could, the others could do as well. Frankly it was quite an awkward situation for Cao Huizhong since he couldn't even cook well and was awkward with the animals except Jin Bao who he liked well enough. 

Reed products were always popular and in demand now. If Cao Huizhong learnt it then he could help make more money with them and keep his hands busy. Luckily Ye Cheng's estimate of the noble's abilities were pretty good, and Yan Huizhong quickly picked up the basic techniques after a few failed attempts. 

Ye Cheng grinned when he saw how well the other was doing. "Tsk, it turns out you can learn so quickly? So good! Amazing! Your path in reed weaving is limitless!" He praises generously and vigorously. For people with low self esteem he felt that excessive positivity should be received well. 

However he felt this sort of praise was too crude and simple for such an elegant man like Cao Huizhong. Wracking his brains Ye Cheng finally recalled some of the lines the other had taught him a while back, "It is like the saying, um... The ah, Indigo is obtained from the indigo plant, and the color is just as blue as the plant itself."

"It's Indigo is obtained from the indigo plant, but such colour is bluer than the plant itself." Yan Huizhong immediately corrects, but his voice is filled with bemusement and indulgence. "Very close though."

Ye Cheng sticks his tongue out cheekily, "Aiyah, it's only bluer because the ink makers put more things into it ah. So technically my way is better hehe."

Yan Huizhong's eye twitches, and his mouth inadvertently curls up in a helpless smile as Ye Cheng tries to sell him meng. It was working very well. "Really... swallowing a date along with its pit."

"If you're hungry you would probably eat the stone too." Ye Cheng felt that a lot of these flowery prose was too impractical, it was still better to be more straightforward than play pretentious. Dates weren't easy to get in the countryside, many people there would happily swallow the whole thing stone and all in order to fill up their stomach a little better. 

Yan Huizhong gently poked Ye Cheng's forehead, "Stupid." He chuckles, "The stone is no good for you, that's why the meaning of this line is 'taking in something without fully understanding it,' understand."

Ye Cheng touches his forehead in a slight daze before nodding obediently. "I, en, understand." He mutters, his face inexplicably a little hot. He felt that since the kidnapping, not only was the other man a bit listless but also he had smoothed out some of his prickly demeanor and conversely became a little more gentle and handsome. 

Little Fatty the field mouse and the other animals stared sullenly by the side, and solemnly nibbled on their melon seeds.

Wu, tastes like dog food. 

...

Step by step, hand in hand, people grow old and journeys will end. 

A lot of things had happened since then. Various important things. Unfortunately this story was not really about those important things and mostly focuses on the adventures of a slag host in a dragon body flirting with a rooster.

Anyway, here is a summary of some of the various important plot points that had happened thus far:

Tang Muxin had become one with her physical body and had learnt a lot of ancient qi techniques both from an enthusiastic Duan Mengyao and a critical Yan Huizhong, surpassing both of them and becoming the strongest in their group save for Da Gong. 

With her improved physical fitness and already OP medical skills, she managed to save many handsome men along the way, not excluding: A bandit king with a sad past, a wealthy frail noble with a 'terminal' illness, a pair of noble twins who had a very convoluted misunderstanding involving a flower... needless to say, a certain general had learnt to appreciate the taste of vinegar which was consistently found in his mouth. 

Fortunately, unlike in the original story, she had not settled down to open her shop, and therefore not many of the men had the time or capability to follow and pursue her. Though they truly tried their best to woo her and convince her to stay. Promises of money, prestige, power and love were constantly thrown at her but Tang Muxin was unmoved.

Suitors: 'We can give you anything you want!'

Tang Muxin: 'Really?'

Suitors: NodsFuriously.gif

Tang Muxin: 'Can you give me another animal as cute as my Jin Bao?'

Jia Hyson: 'Mrp.'

Suitors: 'Well, no...'

Tang Muxin: 'Can you give me a rooster as impressive as Da Gong?'

Da Gong: 'Cluck.'

Suitors: 'Erm...'

Tang Muxin: 'Then at least get me a Ye Cheng and I will promise my heart and body to you ah.'

Bride gift Ye Cheng: '???'

Yan Huizhong, grabbing Ye Cheng: 'Don't you dare!' HissingCat.gif

Suitors: '...' Women these days have very hard demands for a husband now ah.

Duan Mengyao: Even though I'm happy that the suitors cannot compete, laozi just realized he also... also can't compete. Sweating.gif 

Not only were their changes with Tang Muxin and her love life, Duan Mengyao and Yan Huizhong's heart knot was finally confronted. 

Yan Huizhong found out Duan Mengyao had regained his memory and, after a few very minor conflicts that may have snowballed into one of them almost falling off a cliff- finally talked it out and have both realised their fight had been overseen by an unknown third party. 

The truth of the matter was Yan Huizhong had been led to gather information for the crown prince from a certain informant. Duan Mengyao had been on a secret investigation mission for the third prince he was supporting, which was in fact to investigate the crown prince's suspicious actions recently- leading him to finally find one of the crown prince's secret informants hiding out in the countryside. By coincidence Duan Mengyao and Yan Huizhong met and clashed. Imperial politics was cruel and bloody, with their identities revealed and in such a compromising scene, it was really kill now or be executed later. 

However they were evenly matched, Duan Mengyao was powerful and Yan Huizhong was even more vicious, resulting in both becoming bruised, battered and bleeding profusely. In the end, sensing that he was the weaker one in an endurance battle, Yan Huizhong tried to escape with Duan Mengyao hot on his heels. The chase lasted until nightfall where they reached the alleyway they had originally collapsed in and what proceeded could be, what the experts would say, a very angry slap fight. 

In the end, Yan Huizhong ended up falling first. No matter what, compared to a proper military man, he really couldn't win if he was forced to go head on without some underhanded tricks. And yet, before Duan Mengyao could deal the finishing blow, someone attacked him from behind, causing him to black out. 

Jia Hyson at the time had been hiding and eavesdropping on the conversation the whole time. What could he say? He had some control issues ah. But hearing the full story, even though it was vaguely similar to what he had thought the truth of the matter may be, he couldn't help but sigh.

It was really a classic case of the mantis stalks the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind. And whoever the oriole was- really fucking hated Yan Huizhong it seems, like damn. 

Most likely they wanted Yan Huizhong to bleed to death in a horrific looking way and pin it on the good general. After all, even though they were torturous wounds mainly in the legs, the femoral artery was there. The femoral artery in the legs constitutes the major blood supply to the lower limb and puncturing it could make one bleed out within minutes. 

Jia Hyson wagged his tail thoughtfully, there's three ways this can go. 

The unknown third party purposely let Yan Huizhong and Duan Mengyao live... for some reason. The unknown party did try to frame Duan Mengyao with the murder of a prince which would result in both the Duan family and third prince's party to suffer a great setback, but they were incompetent hired help like a random thug or bandit that was paid to do the deed and failed to follow through the job. Or the skilled assassin sent by the person responsible just missed by luck thanks to various factors like darkness and the world's consciousness doing their best to maintain the plot and protect an important character.

He was obviously more inclined to the second and third options, maybe even a mix of the two. Jia Hyson still didn't fully understand what exactly the world's consciousness is capable of and how far it will and can go in order to maintain the plot. Another host would probably have a better idea since the world's consciousness would be much stricter toward keeping the plot as it were, however as a Beta host, he had the privilege of being essentially invited over by the world's consciousness to help change and improve said plot so it was especially lax supervision in comparison.

Anyway, with that main misunderstanding solved, and a common enemy at hand, both Duan Mengyao and Yan Huizhong decided to have a truce and alliance, agreeing to work together to find the people that plotted against them and also to not reveal each other's identity to Tang Muxin and Yan Huizhong. Partly because they were afraid about the trouble their identities could cause them, but mainly because they were still trying to seduce them and they were really reluctant to leave the group.

Jia Hyson who heard everything: Hehe :)

Tang Muxin who was nearby and could telepathically communicate with Jia Hyson: Hehe :)

Ye Cheng who didn't know anything and was busy outside cuddling his animals: Hehe :3

Meanwhile during all this plot, Jia Hyson was... Well Jia Hyson was really just fucking around with his makeshift interspecies animal family of three summoned mice with identity issues and one very handsome rooster. The main changes during this journey was he had actually grew, with his body reaching roughly the length of a full adult man's arm and the width of a delicate lady's wrist, making him very eye-catching and harder to hide. Fortunately his horns and mane hadn't grown much at all during this period so if they pose him right, Jia Hyson could come off as a very beautiful golden snake or statue. 

Bebe: 'So in short, Tang Muxin became a martial art god and has amassed a nice number of supporting male leads, Yan Huizhong and Duan Mengyao went through large amounts of character development and solved the ticking time bomb between them, and you... You just grew a bit bigger.'

Jia Hyson: '...Well when you say it that way I look like an asshole don't I?'

Bebe: 'Are you not?'

Jia Hyson: 'Ye Cheng didn't do anything either ah!'

Bebe: 'Ye Cheng provided exposition among being the only decent human being in the group!'

Jia Hyson: 'I'm the comic relief!'

Bebe: 'You're the comic grief!'

Jia Hyson: 'Roll!'

Bebe: 'You roll first!'

Jia Hyson: 'AAAHHH!'

Bebe: 'Oh you wanna play the screaming game? Bebe can play the screaming game! AAAHHH!'

Jia Hyson: 'AAAHHH!'

Bebe: 'AAAAAHHHH!'

Tang Muxin who suddenly heard the sound of Jin Bao internally angry screaming out of nowhere: ???




Once they reached the capital everyone took in the bustling and busy atmosphere and glanced at each other hesitantly and with some reluctance and trepidation. 

For Duan Mengyao and Yan Huizhong, they knew once they stepped foot here they would have to inevitably separate from the group soon. Their identities were too noticeable and now there was an unknown person coming to take their lives. It would be selfish and foolish to continue staying around. 

Tang Muxin also felt very complicated. After all, she knew the main plot of the story centered around the capital and both Duan Mengyao and Yan Huizhong would leave them to follow what plot has not been changed. 

Originally she had no intention of touching the plot, she didn't have the ambition to change it to her favor nor did she wish to follow the plot and die like cannonfodder. What she wanted was to live a good life, peaceful and carefree, maybe even open a medicine shop to pass the time and earn some money. 

However this journey has changed her mind. Tang Muxin has experienced the ups and downs of adventure and the warmth of good friends and trustworthy comrades. Her original life was cold and mechanical, run by orders and full of schemes, but this life was different, it felt hot blooded and lively. Her previous dream of living a slow paced life in quiet isolation seemed a bit dull in comparison. 

At the very least, it wasn't worth it at the cost of losing her friends. And Yan Huizhong as well she guesses.

Yan Huizhong: ...

Even Ye Cheng who was the most unaware sensed the strange mood and felt his own enthusiasm dampen alongside theirs. 

However even his dampened enthusiasm was still very enthusiastic. It had always been one of his life goals to do business in the capital, even if it was just once. Unfortunately he was only a very small young merchant with an unsteady supply of village goods and raw materials. In the large capital city filled with grandeur and hidden dangers, he would be eaten alive. 

Ye Cheng weighed his odds and figured it would be better to become a big fish in a small pond first before taking his chances at the capital. Of course it was a decision using up a lot of his logical ability and restraint. So when he got the opportunity to travel there, all that shit was thrown out the window and he couldn't agree fast enough ah. It was like when someone offers you a moist and freshly baked deluxe chocolate cake- you can say no once but you can't do it twice. 

Now that he was, he was positively giddy. 

What was better was that Tang Muxin and Jin Bao, these walking lucky charms, had amassed a large number of rare and beautifully priceless items. Ye Cheng now didn't have to worry about splurging a little here and there now and can run around and play proudly and happily. 

Thinking about all the stories he has heard about the great capital city, Ye Cheng couldn't stop his heart from beating even faster in excitement. However he still had to be responsible and focus on finding basic lodgings first. 

Seeing that Ye Cheng was practically vibrating with happiness at the sight of the capital, everyone quickly pushed down their complicated moods to the back of their mind. Yan Huizhong and Duan Mengyao had lived in the capital and was not too interested. Meanwhile, Tang Muxin and Jia Hyson, who found it quite novel, were still modern people who have seen much more impressive things. Only Ye Cheng and his animals were truly country bumpkins who had never seen the world. It would make them sinners to ruin this child's mood with their own. 

Yan Huizhong gazed deeply at Ye Cheng and felt his heart being tickled at the 'I am obviously very excited to run around but I must be a responsible adult' expression the other had on. He felt that Jin Bao was admittedly very cute but it was Ye Cheng that was clearly cuter. 

If Jia Hyson knew the eighth prince's thoughts he would thump his tail on the floor with great dissatisfaction. Such sacrilegious thoughts! He didn't almost die from starvation to be second place in cuteness okay?! Don't let love bias the true cuteness in front of your eyes! 

Luckily he didn't know these things and was happily curled around Da Gong's neck. Because Jia Hyson had grown quite a bit he couldn't simply wrap around the bird's neck like a golden choker necklace anymore which was a crying shame. Instead he had to be quite careful in distributing his weight and loosely encircle the neck multiple times if he still wanted to do his usual trick.

Fortunately Da Gong had also grown abnormally quite large for a rooster thanks to a steady diet of spiritual energy served personally by the protagonist. Not to mention size, even his strength had gone up greatly. 

One morning Tang Muxin who had got up early to jog met with a large wild boar. Before she could even think about catching it to bring to the group she saw Da Gong chasing after it. Leaping up he kicks the frightened boar with his talons, toppling it over like a domino. Stepping on top of the large pig, Tang Muxin was startled to realize the rooster was already half the height of the boar. 

He wasn't turkey sized yet but at the rate he was going it would probably be another month or two before he reached that level.

Tang Muxin: '...Fuck, is this a rooster or is this a velociraptor?'

If before Da Gong was the tyrant of a small village, now he could probably be the tyrant of a mid-tier city ah. At the very least, even Duan Mengyao who was well trained and versed in qigong actually struggled quite a bit when fighting one on one with the bird. 

Of course it wasn't like Duan Mengyao and the others weren't unaffected by the spiritual energy nourishment either. The general had actually improved in strength and durability throughout the journey, coming back to the capital he was now at least twice as fit and healthy since he had left. 

Ye Cheng was no different in that regard. While he wasn't well trained he still had muscles from hard labor. With the protagonist supplement he could probably now bench press a small horse and drive the carriage for three days with only a little fatigue and soreness. 

Even Yan Huizhong had improvements albeit less obvious. While he was still crippled, his health was otherwise extremely good. Once the legs were fixed it was easy to believe that his recovery time in the future will not be slow. 

All of their bodies had gradual improved to an almost inhuman degree. Of course while they themselves feel much lighter and energetic, since they mainly only have each other for comparison during the trip, they had not discovered exactly how high their fighting power was now. 

If Wen Xia brought the same guards to come fight them again, even with the knock out gas, the group in their present condition could easily wipe them out. In pure physical strength alone they may not lose out to the most well trained and overbearing of the emperor's personal shadow guards. It was really unprecedented how good the long term effects of being medicated with spiritual energy was. 

Anyway, seeing Ye Cheng with bright eyes, Yan Huizhong itched to give the young man the world. Almost eagerly he opened his mouth to invite Ye Cheng to see the sights of the capital with him. However he quickly shut his mouth as he realized how his neck was aching from constantly craning upwards from his position. 

That was right. He was just a cripple now. It will be too shameful to stroll through the streets of the capital now. 

People were like this. They will be able to be much more open and shameless with strangers and new places but coming back to your home town where people know you well, they will immediately become more restrained and embarrassed. This was especially so for Yan Huizhong who was not only a prince but also a well known and rather disliked prince due to his previous arrogant attitude. 

Yan Huizhong liked to outargue and look down on the sheltered literati who could only clutch their books as they become overwhelmed by the eighth prince's overwhelming intelligence and even more overwhelming poisonous remarks. He disdained many of the dirty and boorish soldiers. And he would make snide remarks about the dandies. 

In short, anyone he could afford to offend, he offended. There will be no amount of mocking in store for him now that he had come home in such a disgraceful state. Yan Huizhong was sensitive, proud, and very, painfully self aware of the situation. He will not face an easy time in the near future. 

Ye Cheng had confided in him before he may open up a small store with Tang Muxin selling unique items and medical consultations, if people see him associate with himself, wouldn't Ye Cheng be targeted? Forget being able to safely open his store, maybe even his life may be in danger.

Jia Hyson watches Yan Huizhong change expressions from affection, shyness, realization, regret, bitterness and more bitterness he couldn't help but silently applaud. Very good. Even if Jia Hyson lives through three more lifetimes he probably still couldn't cultivate half as much ability to control such a wide array of beautiful micro expressions on his own face. 

After praising he then roasts the prince in his heart. Peh, how can you not hide your emotions as a prince that had been raised in the palace? Aren't you just purposely showing your sad feelings so you can sell misery to a certain someone? Aiyah how sneaky. 

Bebe also agreed. 'Tsk, tsk, this man, he's a lot like a previous host of mine. They were such a drama queen about everything.'

Jia Hyson clicks his tongue, 'Tsk, tsk, tsk, so bad, it's a good thing laozi is so low key.'

Bebe redheaded to be outdone, 'Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk, indeed. It's a nice change of pace for Bebe to have a host so low key in acting ability and general talent.' 

The low key in acting and generally talentless Jia Hyson: '...' 

Okay. It seems Bebe had won this round then. 

Jia Hyson continues watching the Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong pair. Maybe because Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao were too wrapped up in their own monologues, they really didn't see Yan Huizhong's one man act of misery, only Ye Cheng who was not as immersed noticed. Honestly, Jia Hyson had a feeling that this was the world's consciousness doing their thing so nobody but Ye Cheng who may or may not know have some romantic feelings for the prince, and himself and Bebe who were under it's protection currently, could notice these micro expressions. 

After all, in many stories there will always be scenes that say something like, 'even though everyone didn't see it, XX saw the flicker of sadness and pain in the YY's eyes and the way his mouth pursed ever so slightly. It was clear that only XX could see YY was truly not as unaffected at the blah blah blah...' However if you think about it, how is it possible for only one person to see this change? Are you blind ah? Even if you can't read the emotions of the other person's eyes there should be at least one person other than the love interest that can read the room. 

Therefore in order to explain this phenomena there must be some sort of outside force or something to cause it work so well in reality.

It's pretty interesting to observe but Jia Hyson couldn't help but think, 'Damn. It must suck to be a world's consciousness.' 

Seriously, what a stupid task that must be to do. 

World's consciousness, diligently doing it's job: '..Why do I feel like I've been shot out of nowhere?'

Ye Cheng was unaware of their little lucky mascot's roasting toward the world and the heavens, but was indeed aware of Cao Huizhong's change of mood. 

Quickly he understood the other man's mood. After all, even in the small villages, being crippled like this is practically a death sentence. Can't work and can only drag others down. It's considered a very shameful thing and people will naturally look down on it even if the reason behind the injury was just due to a cruel twist of fate and bad luck. There's no reason for the already quite snobbish rich people from the capital to have any different mindset to this discrimination.

Ye Cheng had always been very careful to maintain Cao Huizhong's mood as best he can but he had forgotten that the older man lived here and would know many people. It would be strange to feel good coming back with broken legs on a wheelchair. 

Still, even though it was a normal reaction, Ye Cheng felt annoyed and uncomfortable in his heart thinking about it. 

Luckily, Ye Cheng was quick witted and had a good memory of their rather large inventory of items in their carriage. Glancing to Da Gong, he winks and silently gestures to him, pointing at the carriage and then doing some movements around his face and head. Da Gong blinked and bobbed his head twice before trotting off to the carriage.

Startled by the rooster's movement Jia Hyson 'mreep'-ed in surprise. "Brother Gong, what's going on?"

"Ye Cheng asked me to grab some things for him," Da Gong clucked, "You'll have to help me a bit baby."

"Okay." How could he turn down a request from his beloved family's Da Gong ah?

As they rummaged around, it was clear that Da Gong already had a vague idea where the items Ye Cheng requested were. Jia Hyson recalls the inexplicable miming that Ye Cheng just did and felt that the human and rooster relationship between the two were really good ah. 

Meanwhile Ye Cheng gently flicks Cao Huizhong's ear, "Hey," he murmurs quietly, "After we find an inn why don't you take me around the streets for a bit? I'm sure you know a lot of good places, and we aren't worried about money anymore. So let's just take the next few days to relax together okay?" 

Ye Cheng pauses for a second before feeling his face warm. Even though it was just a casual request to go play around why did he feel a little self-conscious ah? He scolded himself internally. What are you suddenly feeling so shy for? It wasn't like it was a date or anything tsk. 

Yan Huizhong was sorely tempted by the invitation, which was only more tempting seeing how the young merchant was faintly blushing, giving a rather coquettish feel. However he forcefully pours metaphorical cold water on himself and strangles that temptation. "There's no need for that," He firmly rejects, "You're dream is to do business here. If people find out you associate with me, especially me in this condition, you would suffer a lot." 

"Tsk, it's not like you're some sort of prince ah," Ye Cheng jokes. "Don't worry, as long as you aren't any royalty that should currently be in the midst of fighting for the dragon throne we can face whatever comes our way in these turbulent times."

Eighth Prince Yan Huizhong: ...

The optimism was filled with sunny brightness. The words were kind. And the tone was warm and caring.

Everything was good but Yan Huizhong was going to throw up blood.

Before he can reject Ye Cheng again, Da Gong and Jia Hyson trotted up to them. Da Gong held an intricately carved pale jade mask in his beak while Jia Hyson had a lovely white silk fabric draped over him, his three mice children behind him holding the rest of the white cloth behind him. At first glance it really looked like a western bride and groom walking very casually down the aisle. 

Ye Cheng smiles brightly and kneels down to pat everyone's head affectionally before taking the items and pushing them into the prince's arms. "Look, if you're so worried about being seen, just hide your face with the mask and cover yourself up with a cloak and it should be fine ah."

Yan Huizhong looked at the mask and cloak and was deeply touched. "Thank you but to use these.." The jade mask was an ancient artefact with top quality white jade, and the cloak was spun from silk from the extinct Blue Snowy Mountain Spider. To say they were priceless was an understatement, he was distressed just touching it with his bare hands. Yan Huizhong naturally understood the thought behind it but it was better to use a cheap cloth and mask instead.

Seeing that the other was going to say some useless things, Ye Cheng waved it off, "Aiyah it's so hot now, if we gave you some old smelly cloak won't you stink to death? I know how much you like being clean ah. Besides, it's better to look like an important young master than a poor soft persimmon, easy to bully."

"You... you really want to walk around together with me this much?"

"Of course ah," Ye Cheng's mouth which had been warmed up, was now up and running, "How could I not want to spend some more time with you? Tsk what a stupid question, after all I-" He chokes.

Black eyes stared passionately up at Ye Cheng, glittering with heated emotion, "After all, you-?" Yan Huizhong prods, half teasingly.

"After all, after all..." Ye Cheng flushes, "I treat you as a good brother ah. Tsk. Besides, you've eaten out so much of my wallet, wouldn't you be a white eyed wolf if you didn't even pay me back a little?"

"I promised to give you reward money for sending me back home though," Yan Huizhong points out, eyes curving into crescents at the flustered appearance of the young man. 

Ye Cheng pokes him with a scowl, "Since when did you become so cheeky? How is that the same thing? This is repayment for... this is the emotional repayment ah! Anyway it's not like you'll suffer a loss playing around for a few more days. I hear the noble families are just strict and more strict, you should take the time to enjoy yourself a little now."

How can he say no a third time? Yan Huizhong swallows, putting the mask and cloak in his lap and reaches out to hold Ye Cheng's hands. "Okay," He agrees seriously, "I also want to make fond memories with you before I leave. Ye Cheng, I'll be gone for a long time after this but don't worry, I will definitely come back and make even more memories together with you."

Tang Muxin and Jia Hyson who were watching: '...' Is this a flag or is this a flag? Yan Huizhong the first sentence was okay but the second one is directly sending yourself to die you know?

Duan Mengyao was also watching the pair with some surprise. It's not like cutsleeves weren't an unknown concept to him but what was startling was how serious Yan Huizhong seemed to be. He was going to be fighting for the throne soon ah, it will really be difficult for him if this is found out.

However, that worry can still be saved for the future. Instead the general focussed on something else.

Duan Mengyao glanced at Tang Muxin expectantly. He had remembered that she came from the same village as Ye Cheng, therefore she also must be secretly quite excited to explore the capital as well. He quickly tries to recall any good places in the capital but embarrassingly enough he really couldn't. 

Silently, the good general panicked. 

In retrospect he was sort of a boring person. His hobbies was fighting, training, horse riding, archery, and more fighting... As expected of a background supporting male lead with barely any scenes, the author clearly put little to no effort into him and only gave the man some very one dimensional traits. 

In short, he really didn't know any fun places a young lady may like.

Remembering how he used to look down on the useless dandies and rich second generations that loafed around eating and drinking to their heart's content, Duan Mengyao really felt annoyed. 

Looking at Yan Huizhong and Ye Cheng, still holding hands and staring into each other's eyes, then at Da Gong and Jin Bao snuggling together, Duan Mengyao then finally stared at Tang Muxin who was at a notable distance away from him, looking thoughtfully at the others. No interest in himself at all.

It seems... Chasing a husband was much easier than chasing a wife these days ah.




Of course while Duan Mengyao felt like there was no hope for the future of his love life, Tang Muxin also fretted a little as well. After all, Meng Meng is supposed to regain his memory soon after reaching the capital. 

Both she and Jia Hyson knew that Duan Mengyao had recovered his memory after Jia Hyson eavesdropped on them, but neither of them wanted to break the peaceful status quo for their own reasons. Duan Mengyao was a soldier, not an actor or a politician or even a particular good liar. Even if Yan Huizhong tries to cover it up it's easy for him to occasionally drop his vest from time to time.

Essentially, what Tang Muxin and Jia Hyson's reaction was every time was something like 'You look at me, I look at you, pretend to play dead'. 

Really, no matter what, Meng Meng was still Meng Meng ah.

Forever an Ignorant Lemon Duan Mengyao: ...

However now that they've arrived at the capital Duan Mengyao can no longer lie and pretend to be someone he's not. Yan Huizhong as well to be honest but it sort of looked like Yan Huizhong was just planning to fuck off and ignore everyone but his date with Ye Cheng currently so whatever. 

Tang Muxin felt a bit of unprecedented pressure for herself. She personally liked Duan Mengyao a lot. He is very sturdy, stable, and a bit silly. Not to mention he respects her and her abilities, and they have similar hobbies. All in all as friends at the very least they're very compatible and she wouldn't say no to trying to cultivate a deeper relationship. 

But not minding is different to agreeing to spend the rest of this lifetime with the man ah. 

She knows what sort of world this was. Even though it's now her new reality, Tang Muxin was not unaware that in terms of romance, the male characters, especially the supporting male leads will either be scum or doting devoted followers. She didn't know what would happen if Pan Shuchun, the original protagonist, and Duan Mengyao met, nor if she was willing to fall in love so early. This isn't even mentioning the harsh double standards of society in this era, which is a whole other thing that needs serious consideration to.

A good friendship is hard to find and a sustainable love is even harder. Tang Muxin was sure she had found the former but she was not confident yet that she had found the latter. Unfortunately, she was running out of time to choose if she wished to take the chance to try before Duan Mengyao has to run off to do his duties and struggle through the complicated palace intrigue with Yan Huizhong. 

As for the idea of actually joining them in fighting?

  Sorry, Tang Muxin has read the complexities of that sort of shit, and she really rather fucking not if possible. It reminds her of her previous life working with the government and her spy-assassin agency. Too much backstabbing, two-faced idiots, political schemes, blackmail, poison... the only difference between modern day scum officials and ancient scum officials is that there's more kneeling and pregnancy drama in the imperial court then in the government. 

The fact she considered becoming an active help was already a great testament to their friendship ah. Maybe if Ye Cheng, who she considered her best friend, was roped in she would join, but right now they had plans to open a small high class shop here with the money they saved instead. Between Ye Cheng and Duan Mengyao... she would still choose Ye Cheng.

Tang Muxin knew with Jin Bao around she eventually had to enter the palace, and she's simply dreaming if she could avoid it altogether but if possible she still hopes to minimize her presence, prolong the inevitable and let the original protagonist do her thing first. 

To avoid being entangled by the drama of the palace one can only try remain neutral or become an untouchable existence. With Jin Bao it's possible to stand up high in this superstitious era but not to the point of being untouchable. In fact, many people will regard her as a free golden thigh to hug and use. 

Not to mention, the emperor at this time is getting alarmingly ill. The court was getting restless and the behind the scenes fight for the throne will soon become a free for all. This is truly the most dangerous time. 

Despite her hope to stay with her friends like before, it was really impossible even if she chose to join in the fight herself. It was better to be neutral. At the very least if she was, both Yan Huizhong and Duan Mengyao, two people who at least have to pretend to be in different factions, can visit Tang Muxin and Ye Cheng more openly and with less suspicion. 

Listening in to her thoughts, Jia Hyson suddenly spoke up in her mind, 'I disagree ah.' He understood Tang Muxin's indecision. 

After all who hasn't watched a palace drama before and thought 'fuck this place is really messy and disgusting'? The cruel concubines. Evil empresses. Despotic and ignorant emperors. Murder. Rape. Drugs. It may be a place associated with luxury and power but it's certainly not a place associated with safety and honest people. 

However Tang Muxin's approach was too timid for a protagonist. When she was in danger or in a high tension situation she was like a fish to water but she was very slow and even a bit muddleheaded during peace times. She was raised to be a natural soldier in her past life, taking orders and getting her hands dirty was normal. When released into this relatively peaceful time she had been unsure how to act normally but at the same time feeling unwilling to go back to the bloody world she was so skilled in. 

It was this sort of attitude in the story that made the plot take fucking forever to move. That and shitty writing choices. It was only because Jia Hyson had immediately pushed her to Ye Cheng that she had found a path to follow so quickly and happily went with the flow. Now that a big decision has popped up Tang Muxin couldn't help but fall into old habits that never got a chance to reveal themselves till now. 

She was like a lot of typical 'I travelled into another world and now I will live my slow life!' isekai protagonists where she had short bursts of ambition and adventurous spirit but ultimately always went back to wanting to live peacefully. It was a bit annoying but at the same time, it was also fairly normal to wish to have your cake and eat it too. People are just like that ba. 

It's impossible to change Tang Muxin's indecisive nature but Jia Hyson can suppress it with his own decisiveness as her telepathic mascot and fellow transmigrator character. 

Quickly arranging his thoughts, Jia Hyson jumps off Da Gong and scampers to crawl up Tang Muxin, swiftly reaching her shoulders and laying there comfortably. Da Gong squawked in displeasure but his sixth sense was good and he understood the two had something important to talk about, otherwise his little worm would not leave so abruptly.

Reluctantly Da Gong trots off to the carriage to go order the more agile animals to scout the area for suitable resting places for his humans. Somebody had to take charge, tsk.

'Right now is the best time to think about revealing your strengths,' Jia Hyson persuading, 'Think about it ah, Rome wasn't built in a day. It's better to show your identity as dragon priestess early and slowly stabilise that identity before things get rocky at the palace. Besides, thanks to the Wen family the emperor must have already overheard the news. It's better to smash the shattered vase and make the first move then wait too long with our heads down and miss the best opportunity to harvest benefits.'

Even though Jia Hyson hasn't used his mouth too much in this world, he was still very capable of coaxing people. As he continues to bala bala into Tang Muxin's ears about the benefits he could tell she was being moved by his words. 

'-I'm not saying we do it so blatantly or right away ah, it's best to establish the shop first, gain some reputation and spread the word naturally about my presence. That way it will kill two birds with one stone, providing the shop with popularity and garnering the interest of the palace without looking ambitious and bold. It will also give us the impression of having an aloof neutral attitude, and harbouring unknown strength, to the palace as well so they don't dare try scope out our bottom line.'

Tang Muxin quickly understood. Now that she has Jin Bad who is a bit more assertive in these matters she naturally felt a bit more confident and her talents once again come back online, 'I see. They'll overthink the reason we would choose to reveal ourselves but refused to ask permission to enter the palace. By being ambiguous and mysterious it would make people feel we're more unworldly and powerful. The moment they come to us, we'll be in the dominant permission and even the emperor may give us more face than if we demanded entrance.'

At that point they, who would already be considered powerful figures in the minds of the palace, would be placed on a much higher pedestal and given both a larger amount of respect and protection. Tang Muxin felt that compared to Jin Bao, her eyesight was like a mouse, only one inch long.

'What do you think about Duan Mengyao then?' She asks, feeling a little awkward, like a shy schoolgirl gossiping about their crushes. 

Jia Hyson flicks his tail and lets it touch his snout thoughtfully. Honestly, it would be sort of tragic if Duan Mengyao doesn't end up with Tang Muxin at this point but at the same time, he hasn't had much opportunity to show off much either thanks to Da Gong's suppression. It can really go either way here but he was more inclined to making things work with Duan Mengyao. 

With that decision, Jia Hyson changes from tactical supervisor to love advisor. 'No matter what, you're a modern, independent at heart. Don't let this society change you into something you know you're not ah. Doesn't Meng Meng like you as you are? Then follow your heart, if you like him, then just like him. If you stop, you have laozi to back you up. What are you so worried for ah-?'

'But what if he takes a concubine?' Tang Muxin felt much more assured with the support of a fellow modern man who understood her values, but she still couldn't assuage all her concerns. 

Jia Hyson felt this question was quite easy, tsk, this girl was quite cute when asking for love advice. 'Would you still like him if he took a concubine?'

Tang Muxin shook her head. Even though she knew that it was a controversial and audacious opinion in these times to be the only wife of a man, she really couldn't accept being part of a harem. If her future husband did that, even if she still held feelings for the man, she would really be disgusted in her heart.

'Then it's simple ah,' Jia Hyson scratches his ear lazily, 'At this point if all goes right, the palace will value you a lot as a dragon priestess. Even if you publicly behead the man it probably won't be a big deal.'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'What?'

Bebe: 'Bebe has nothing to argue with and that makes Bebe a bit uncomfortable ah.'

Jia Hyson: 'Hehe, you little green tea bitch, I knew you pick fights for fun.'

Bebe: (,,UwU,,) 'Bebe is too cute to respond to host's nonsense.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Now I have too much to argue with and that makes me uncomfortable.  

Tang Muxin's eyes brighten like her mind had been opened to a whole new world. Jin Bao was right. She had been thinking far too narrowmindedly. Maybe because this was a romance based story Tang Muxin had boxed herself with this romantic logic and worried about various things now that she lived in this story world. Slowly she had slowly and subconsciously adapted too much to the culture and outdated views.

It wasn't bad to immerse yourself to some extent. After all, one had to adapt to survive and live well. But to trap yourself was another matter entirely. 

Maybe in the beginning when she had just transmigrated she would have had to seriously consider these sort of problems about reputation and a loveless marriage.

But now she had a dragon!

Unless she decided to steal the emperor as her husband, there was no man with higher status than her. Hell, even the emperor probably had to give face to flatter her ah.

She can date whoever! Break up whenever! Divorce? Whatever!

Hahahaha! 

Duan Mengyao: ()!? Suddenly feel a chill out of nowhere ah?

Jia Hyson: ...

He knows that Tang Muxin was on some weird sort of long overdue feminist high or power trip or something that should hopefully be temporary but he sort of wants to change protagonists now.

Bebe: 'Tsk, first Song Chuntao, now Tang Muxin. You've ruined some perfectly good protagonists and you wonder why you can't have nice things.'

Jia Hyson: 'That does explain why I got used goods like you ah-'  

Bebe: () 

So with that off her shoulders, Tang Muxin happily goes off to invite a pleasantly surprised general on a date after they drop their stuff at a good inn. 

Watching the group split into two pairs of coquettish little mandarin ducks Jia Hyson clicks his tongue disdainfully and jumps off Tang Muxin's shoulders to get away from all the sugary dog food being shoved down his throat. "Tsk, tsk, young love, how nauseating." 

A familiar black and feathery figure suddenly blocks his vision.

Da Gong, holding a flower in his beak: 'Cluck.' (  ) 

Jia Hyson: (///o///o//)!!!

Carefully, Da Gong placed the small flower into Jia Hyson's mane, nestled behind his ear. After looking at his little worm for a few seconds, he finally snorts in dissatisfaction. "Hmph. Not as good-looking as my baby." He declares domineeringly as he raises a wing to brush it off. 

Jia Hyson raises his own claws to stop him, his heart warm and ticklish, "It's okay ah," He happily reaches up to playfully nip at the rooster's chest feathers, "I love whatever you get for me Brother Gong-" 

Da Gong: "H-Hmph. That's good. However laozi will get you something better when we explore the capital together okay?" 

Wrapping around Da Gong, similar to how an anaconda would wrap around a deer, Jia Hyson peppers him with kisses in agreement. "Okay!" (" (,,,,) 

Tang Muxin, Duan Mengyao, Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong: Tsk, tsk, young love, how nauseating.

...



...






It had to be said, under the vigorous training (tyranny) of Da Gong, and the supplemental spiritual energy from Tang Muxin's cooking, the animals in their group could probably be confidently called the smartest animals in China. Maybe on the earth ah. 

Scouting the area they knew how to hide from the shadows and avoid danger, scampering and slithering around they looked for the familiar 'pictures' that indicated the building was an inn and then observed whether it was appropriate or not. They still didn't fully understand what constitutes as appropriate but Da Gong gave them some basic indicators like if there was a stable relatively nearby for the horses and others could rest in. 

After half an hour the animals all rushed back with their findings. Little Fatty who was the cleverest follower and Xiao Shua the cat, who was the most agile, both found very good looking inns and reported thus with proud looks. 

Da Gong nodded in satisfaction. He didn't waste his time in vain. "Good job. I will reward you with good meat and better grains tonight!"

The group of animals cheered, "Thank you boss!"

"Please go get the human woman to buy meat and grain for tonight, baby," Da Gong turns to nuzzle his not so little worm with his head. Jia Hyson purrs in delight. 

"Already done Brother Gong-"(  )

"As expected of my baby, so smart." Da Gong praises.

"Not as smart as you hehe," Jia Hyson praises back sweetly.

Other animals: '...' We wanted meat but instead we got our usual dose of dog food. ()()()

Tang Muxin, who was suddenly given a shopping list before being shoved with PDA: '...' As a protagonist I feel like I have no dignity left ah.  

Of course Jia Hyson also passed on the two possible inns and roughly where they were to Tang Muxin as well. When she discussed it with the group, Yan Huizhong must have recognised one of the places and decisively chose an inn called Fairy Garden Inn. 

When asked the reason, Yan Huizhong very eloquently said:

"It's because... uhm..." He glances at Ye Cheng staring at him, then stuttered out a couple on incomprehensible words before finally weakly ending with, '...it, it has good wine there.'

Duan Mengyao glances at Tang Muxin before nodding enthusiastically in agreement.

Da Gong didn't really understand what was happening but felt like he instinctively also should agree (as a fellow male lead), glancing at his little worm before bobbing his head up and down.

'Heroines' Tang Muxin, Ye Cheng and Jia Hyson: '...' (_ ) (;) ( )

The quality of IQ in this story seems to be quite low ah.

With that decided, they began to travel through the streets of the capital to their destination. Everyone was quite excited and constantly peeked out to observe the bustling streets and chatting with each other.

However quickly, everyone's faces turned a bit odd. 

There was something a bit strange with the capital.

Tang Muxin and Jia Hyson immediately looked at each other. As fellow transmigrators they were more sensitive and puzzled to the current setting.

The first thing that was immediately wrong to them, was the lack of food stall varieties. At this point the original original protagonist of the story Tang Muxin had read and transmigrated to, Pan Shuchun, should have entered the capital by now. Pan Shuchun was an agricultural student, and like most transmigrators who come to a historical setting, was very skilled in cooking and creating new dishes.

People are greedy and there's not much enforcement on things like copyrights unless the emperor specially decrees it or something. Therefore many people would have tried to copy Pan Shuchun's dishes to varying levels of success, while also inspiring them to try create new dishes in order to compete with her small restaurant. 

However, there was no such thing right now.

Instead, and this was the second and more glaringly obvious thing that was wrong... the outfits of a lot of people at the capital were different.

Ancient style clothes currently is generally very conservative. There are layers of fabric, outer robes and inner robes and specific hairstyles for married people etc, etc. It was especially strict for women. For obvious patriarchal reasons. It wasn't until around early 1900s AD did the fashion changed drastically by incorporating western elements. 

Currently the setting is a bit of a mess but it's estimated to be roughly inspired by the Ming dynasty. This dynasty was where people began to incorporate more silks other fabrics that weren't just plain cloth to make robes as well as introducing richer colours in their clothes which previously they were limited to according to their status and gender. The style of clothes were very voluminous with a long robe with wide sleeves for men, a shorter robe worn over a long wide skirt for women.

Noble and wealthy women's dresses were also quite rich in style right now, though the basics of these clothes are mainly imitated from Tang and Song dynasties and most women wore three collars with narrow sleeves. Pleated skirts had also become popular during this time. Still the main points of the style were in hopes one would look elegant, poised and graceful, showing off their Chinese heritage proudly.

But even though the style of the Ming dynasty is quite varied and full of changes and advancements, it's still ancient style and has a strong flavour of history and antiquity.

So why... why was Jia Hyson seeing sneakers and lacy ribbons and fucking double breasted coats ah?! ()

There's a scholar reading a book and shifting his fedora so the light of the sun doesn't hit his eyes. Nearby a group of young ladies were gossiping and laughing, touching their knitted hair accessories, scrunchies and sparkly hair clips that decorated their hair absentmindedly. And coming out of a shop a handsome young dandy was showing off to his friends his silk outer robe, which looks fairly normal to be honest.. if there wasn't an ink painting of a stylised Pikachu on the corner of it! 

An elegant older woman passes by with her servants, the wide sleeves of what looks like a lovely knee length dark blue peacoat billow in the wind. Underneath was clearly a white qipao that had a blue porcelain-like design sewn into the fabric, and underneath the qipo was a matching blue pleated ankle length skirt. It was mature and subtle, yet elegantly eye catching.

A very fashionable mix of ancient Chinese and western designs that not only looked good and gave a great charm to the individual, but it also didn't violate the conservativeness and disdain of the people.

Jia Hyson stares at the older woman who strolled by with her head up high, it was clear she was proud and preening under the envious attention of the younger girls with the hair accessories. His mouth was agape and he really couldn't believe his cute little dragon eyes. As someone who has been rich twice, and has experienced a pretty decent modelling career before, he was not unfamiliar with fashion so he could immediately tell-

This was really... really modern and high class fashion. 

Immediately after fully digesting in his brain what visual input his eyes have provided him, Jia Hyson frowned. 'Bebe...'

'Bebe knows,' It's voice was also deeply puzzled, 'Let Bebe contact system administr-'

Suddenly a bowl fell from the sky and landed a foot away from Jia Hyson and Da Gong, distracting them momentarily. However it was only a moment. 

"Deng Wei you bastard!" A shrill female voice screams above, in the building behind them, "You're getting me a new bowl!"

"Shut up woman! The entire street has probably gone deaf thanks to you!"

'Okay, Bebe will now contact system admi-'

A small teacup suddenly bounced in front of them. 

"Xiao An! Don't throw your cup!"

"Wuwuwu! But I don't want to drink mummy!"

"That's no excuse! People could've gotten hurt! Honestly, what is with you..."

Jia Hyson and Bebe: ...

'...Bebe will now-'

"Ah!" The nearby people screamed and Da Gong deftly flapped and dragged Jia Hyson away with his talons as a rather sizeable golden buddha statue suddenly wan thrown at them. Looking at the place it landed, Jia Hyson couldn't help but tremble a bit, if they hadn't moved.. well it wouldn't have actually hit them, but it would definitely have been too fucking close for comfort.

'Fuck.' Bebe swears vehemently, 'Bebe knows what this fucking is.'

Bebe had been a system for a long time. While this sort of thing wasn't common, it wasn't a rare occurrence either.

'This is a bug.' 

For Bebe this may be something uncommon but normal but for Jia Hyson it was his first time meeting such a thing and was a bit slow on the uptake. 'You mean... a natural malfunction in the storyline?'

Bebe sighs, 'Yeah, but it's not technically a natural function. More like, the fucking world's consciousness fucked up.' 

Bebe then begins to explain using a common simile that many systems learnt in system school. Some hosts it had before were idiots who didn't understand it despite the simplicity of the explanation but Bebe still had confidence in Jia Hyson's intellect when there wasn't sperm clogging up his brain.

Jia Hyson: ...what happened to us Bebe? We used to be so close. QwQ

Bebe: ...Suddenly have the urge to vomit.

So. Take the whole thing like an architect firm. 

Authors are the clients. They say, 'Here's my building and do it like this okay? Do it exactly like this. Or there will be problems.'

The system world is admin. They take whatever design given and say 'We have to go consult the others, we'll come back to you in three to three thousand working days with the result.' Then they'll quietly bitch and talk shit behind everyone's backs.

The world's consciousnesses are the architects, and the heavenly path is their assistants. They'll take a look at all the building options, consider which 'building designs' are the most affordable for them, within their abilities to make and would produce the best profit for themselves, before picking a bunch. They are responsible for planning out how to make the design into reality and earn commission with each success.

Finally the hosts are the small workers. Depending on their job they can be described as the construction workers, the maintenance workers, the building health and safety inspectors or even the consultants. They come in and do their roles to help the building work safely and make money. 

However the architects cannot bully the small workers. Because the admin has two identities, one is the big boss controlling everyone's wages, and two... is the boss of the small worker union.

Therefore the architects in this scenario are quite pitiful despite earning the highest wage and getting the most commission percentage out of all of them. They do the most work but also get the most scoldings. However it's usually okay and world's consciousness are naturally quite pedantic so there never is a huge problem with the status quo in the workforce. 

But occasionally an 'architect' would mess up and cause problems to their building. Sometimes the problem is so big it would effect the entire structure of the building and maybe even the nearby buildings in the neighborhood as well. This is known as a bug. 

A common bug is when cannonfodder and other people who aren't supposed to be reborn, are reborn. Alternatively they can get some memories of their future through dreams, memories of a past life, find an artifact slash golden finger they weren't supposed to find... it's really all sorts of things. 

Once there was a bug in a romantic comedy school life plot line, it was a very small mistake but it became one of the most infamous bugs that is talked about for centuries afterwards. The world's consciousness and heavenly path gave the clumsy genius character too much ability and accidentally caused the school to blow up as a consequence. This directly killed everyone in the school save the protagonist and male lead who had skipped school to go on a date. 

Not only that, the protagonist's family, her strict but doting father, her gentle but scary mother, and her overprotective older brother, were part of the teaching staff and also died. The protagonist and male lead could not take the tragedy of the situation and broke up. Later on the protagonist who loved her family, was full of survivor's guilt and killed herself. 

The male lead who still loved the protagonist even though they broke up learnt of the news, blackened and broke out of the heavenly path's control. The new school he went to was coincidentally the setting of another highschool plot that featured a hardworking smart vice-president protagonist and a blackbellied genius school president male lead in a cute rival to lovers situation. 

Maybe because the genius student in his previous school was similar to the male lead in appearance and IQ, the blackened protagonist wished to destroy him to vent his twisted anger against the world. 

He seduced the female lead, destroyed the reputation of the male lead and caused the school to suffer the loss of one of their school tyrants. Afterwards he converted the studious female lead into a waste, introducing all sorts of bad things to her before throwing her away. 

The male lead with the ruined reputation couldn't accept this ending and killed the blackened male lead using various means with his genius intellect. Satisfied, he went back to the female lead to win her back only to find her having sex with an old man for drugs, causing him to go completely insane, killing her, the old man and then starting a school shooting as revenge against the school that turned against him. He eventually was killed by the police officers who were called in. 

Jia Hyson, after listening to the story: '...' The butterfly effect is really frightening ah.  

'Anyway,' Bebe continues, 'using the architect metaphor again- we the small workers have found a mistake made by the architect. If we report it to the admin, the architect will not only be severely scolded but their work bonus will be deduced and maybe they'll even get worse punishments depending on the severity of the mistake such as being deemed too incompetent to handle a certain level of 'designs'. This would essentially keep them as low level architects with low wages for a long time.'

'So...' Jia Hyson's mouth twitched. It was a little funny if it wasn't so pitiful. 'The stuff that's been coincidentally thrown our way to interrupt us was the world's consciousness way of hugging your leg like dead weight and crying not to report them?' 

If Bebe could it would rub its nonexistent forehead tiredly, 'Its a very typical reaction. Once Bebe tried to contact its overseer when a reborn cannonfodder was detected, and its host got bombarded with kittens. This wouldn't have been a problem but the current body of Bebe's host was allergic to cat fur.' 

Bebe didn't know whether to laugh and cry at the memory, 'Holding Bebe's host hostage we promised to try solve the bug first before reporting. That way the scolding and punishment will be relatively lighter for the world's consciousness and heavenly path.'

'This sort of throwing object method is actually quite mild.' Bebe told Jia Hyson seriously. Even though it dissed the world's consciousness a lot, it isn't good for the host to get a terrible impression of them. These entities were very powerful but at the same time they relied heavily on others in order to maintain their energy demand and life force. In a way they were just very simpleminded, stingy and sneaky wage slaves. It's not too different from systems ah. Except being poorer and stupider.

The poorer and stupider World's consciousness: '...' Why must you hurt me like this? ;-; 

Bebe was quite educated after doing so many jobs and internships, and has a better understanding of this sort of thing than some other systems of similar ages. Not to mention, as a system that got picked to become this rare and amazing Beta system, it's IQ and extrapolation abilities were not low. 'After all the world's consciousness knows that our role is the improve the story, therefore as long as it doesn't get reported and story improves, it won't get reprimanded at all!" 

'Fuck!' Jia Hyson mentally clapped for Bebe while roasting the world's consciousness, 'That's amazing! It turns out to be like that! So sinister!' 

Emboldened by the rare cheering from its host Bebe continued proudly, 'Don't worry host, Bebe has negotiated successfully many times to pull out benefits from the world's consciousnesses and heavenly paths. Once we find a bug, we have the upper hand ah. Plus, as a beta system who could potentially help them avoid all punishment, our fighting power is even stronger!'

Excited by the thought of more benefits, Jia Hyson cheered even harder, 'Yeah! Refuel! Fight on!' ():

Even though it's the first time experiencing a bug, Jia Hyson knew from the visible change in costume culture in the capital that the far reaching consequences of the bug was very, very big. Whatever the reason for the bug is, the minimum effect is that it will change historical fashion, influence future clothing styles and even sexism in society.

Don't say that a few clothes cannot do so much. Clothing can reflect the attitude of society. When society is poor they wear simple, monotonous clothing with little dye or accessory. When society is rich there is color and creativity. And when society is feudal and has a strict hierarchy, certain colours and clothing will be forcibly restricted to certain statuses. 

Female clothing especially has always been more expressive, and is a direct reflection to the perspective of female modesty. 

Altering the perspective of female modesty is a big deal in itself, as it relates a lot to to feminism and sexuality. After all, women in both western and eastern history had to originally be covered up for various reasons, and showing too much skin was considered scandalous and shameful. In many cases it was a situation of either marriage or death or joining a monastery. This sort of harsh punishment only enforced into everyone's minds how important modesty in females should be.

For modern clothing ideas to be accepted it requires more tolerant thinking toward women. When the trend catches on, this tolerance will stop being a new and unique idea but the norm. Even though it will probably be a slow and arduous journey, like how feminism was, and still is in Jia Hyson's own reality, there's no denying that this is a huge jumpstart. 

It's really too much of an alteration in history. It would be strange not to be in trouble when being reported. 

Not to mention, with such a unique historical fashion change, on top of a setting that already had a unique historical change of once having dragons and cultivation elements, wouldn't it be extremely difficult to accommodate other plots into the world later on? It was simply a pit. 

If they get reported, they will be scolded, punished, wages lost, benefits reduced and their world will become grossly unsuitable for other money generating plots to be placed in. It would become a case of needing to spend money to reset everything in order to earn again, but had not enough money to cover the costs of reconstruction. In short, at best the world's consciousness and heavenly path will be forced to starve and scrape by to generate enough energy income for millions of years, at worst it's really directly asking for their death. 

At this point, if they won't cooperate and flatter Jia Hyson and Bebe now, when would they ah? 

Everyone here was selfish and nobody here was brain dead. When these sort of egotistical and intelligent people have a common goal together can they not make great miracles ah? They can! They totally can! 

'Ask them for all the information they can provide about the current situation,' Jia Hyson demands while Bebe proceeds to contact the world's consciousness. 'Not just about the bug, but the situation in the palace, the climate and weather fluctuations, and any key hidden people we should be interested in like the Wen family who were blessed by dragons.'

Bebe felt these requests were natural and quickly relayed them. They didn't have the ability to be omniscient right now due to... reasons that may or may not be Bebe's fault, nor could they afford the proper skills and applications related to omniscience. Now that they have this plug in, it's like having a free trial. 

After a moment of thought Jia Hyson added, 'They can manipulate fate in order to best conform to the storyline right? Ask them to find a way to bring the other dragons' appearance earlier. If they manage to find a way for me to trigger it myself it would be even better since I'm more confident in my own sense of timing then theirs.'

'It's a bit trickier but Bebe is sure they can do it,' Bebe confidently remarks. It too was a little excited. Usually for such a thing, the world's consciousness would really not agree. The more arrogant heavenly path even less so. After all they had to uphold their pride as all powerful beings that can control and manipulate in their domain. Getting more detailed and accurate real time and future information from them and some small rewards is the normal exchange for helping solve a bug. But it was considered too much to actually order them to do things for them. 

Aiyah, not only did they get compensation from the overseers due to their mistake, they were now going to get extra compensation from the world's consciousness for their mistake. This was simply... a reward world on multiple levels! Ahhhhh!!! 

No wonder touching porcelain is such a popular scheme. Bebe had seen many people do it, and it's own hosts accomplish it, but it was like watching a drama to the system. Never had Bebe truly understood the benefits until it was handed so generously toward it ah.

Even though it wasn't a scheme and was all real, Bebe still felt a little swayed for a second before mentally slapping itself. Tsk, it was one thing to find mistakes but to purposely make mistakes to report and blackmail was not as easy as it seems. The overseers and world's consciousness aren't so easy to trick out benefits. If they were there would be much more successful Worldhackers in the system world ah. 

But still... how nice would it be if criminal life was easy hehe.  

Unknowing about Bebe's dreams of easy money through scamming, Jia Hyson also was a bit lost in his own thoughts. However unlike Bebe's crooked ideas, Jia Hyson was seriously thinking about the situation.

This bug was really too unique and the plot may no longer be so useful to him anymore. After all, if the style of clothes are starting to change then it means there will be new ideas and possibly new technology introduced into the capital that will alter things as well. 

Don't think that just getting a new wardrobe of clothes won't do much. In Jia Hyson's opinion it could change everything. 

With sneakers people can walk faster and at longer distances without being hindered by various things like sharp rocks which will make escaping and running errands quicker. With new unique hair accessories and cheap but fashionable trinkets it becomes easier to hide and smuggle goods, maybe even poison for assassinations. Human ingenuity and creativity is astounding, and their perversions and proclivities for violence is appalling. 

Who knows if previously unsuccessful assassinations would succeed, messages that didn't get received in time got received, fights would have different winners and people who previously did not have jobs now did? 

People that should have died, might live. People that should have lived, might die. People who missed their full potential are now maximizing it, and others have lost the chance to reach their peak. It's like a switch board. With one flick, some lights will stay the same, some will light up and some will turn off, but overall the whole picture changes. 

Jia Hyson frowned subconsciously. He was very laidback for a lot of things but in the end he was a little controlling, especially towards things like his stories. It wasn't a trait he appreciated in himself because it reminded him of his father, so he's always tried to not get so irritated when things don't go his way. Still. He felt more than a little uncomfortable facing this situation which had deviated from his original ideas so greatly. 

'Bebe, have they told you what the bug is yet ah?' Jia Hyson rubbed his snout in an attempt to fight off his frustration and anxiety.

'Yes, Bebe has just received the information.' Bebe's voice was filled with confusion and shock.

'The bug is... the bug is the original original protagonist Pan Shuchun.'

...

For some reason my comments don't show up anymore so I'll put it here now I guess (last chapter I will also put in as well so check it out lol) 







How can a little white lotus agricultural student start a fashion wave in the conservative capital city? 

They can't. 

But that doesn't mean someone else couldn't.

Jia Hyson immediately understood. 'The bug is someone else with a background in fashion and design transmigrated instead of Pan Shuchun?' 

'You're not wrong host,' Bebe answers with approval in it's voice. Say what you want about Jia Hyson, he's definitely on the higher end of comprehension on the spectrum of all the past hosts it has had the pleasure and displeasure of working with. 'To be precise, they transmigrated a person with a background in fashion and design that happened to also have the name Pan Shuchun.' 

Jia Hyson: '...'

Oh humiliation.

Not even shitty comedy movies make these sort of mistaken identity plots anymore ah. 

Jia Hyson isn't sure if the world's consciousnesses are like lone wolves or they're social animals like the systems but if this gets out, he can only imagine how much face would be lost. After all if it was merely having someone being reborn when they weren't supposed to, it can still be considered a fairly common mistake and people can still pat you on the back and sympathize. However this is the sort of mistake where if you tell someone, the other person may be too busy laughing at you to even give you the most superficial comfort. 

So, to summarize, Pan Shuchun the original original transmigrated protagonist who Tang Muxin had read about in her own world, was still happily attending the top university of agriculture. Meanwhile another student of the same agriculture course was very worried and confused because his fashion designer girlfriend Pan Shuchun who was meant to visit him had never shown up. 

This meant, just like the original Pan Shuchun, this one also didn't have an idea this was all a story and had no golden finger plot to muddle through. 

However the world's consciousness also knew it had made a very incredibly embarrassing mistake. In order to try cover it up, it had used a lot of savings to buy a basic system package for this new Pan Shuchun.

That's right, not only did this new transmigrator get pulled in, she also got premium treatment and was gifted a free Cute Homely Agricultural Goddess system. 

It was a system to try encourage this new Pan Shuchun to be similar to the original white lotus character who knew a lot about cooking, gardening and being sweet. 

...Jia Hyson didn't know the details but it was clear from the current situation this didn't work out that well ah.  

According to the information given to Bebe, this Pan Shuchun actually went against the protagonist template and human temptations as a whole and only used the fucking system seven times! 

Seven times! 

You can still count that with your fingers ah! 

If this wasn't impressive then Jia Hyson didn't know what was. 

Think about it. You're suddenly whisked into an unfamiliar world with an ancient setting which not only discriminated against women, the poor and the weak, but your new body happens to tick all three boxes. Then you get a golden finger system that tells you that as long as you complete these tasks, you can get x, y and z rewards that will help you bring you to the pinnacle of life. 

As a result? As a result? Pan Shuchun didn't grab onto this golden thigh and even treated it with faint disdain! 

After so many months, only seven side tasks and two main tasks was completed out of possible hundreds of side tasks and Ninety-seven main tasks. It could only be imagined how frustrated and anxious the world's consciousness was. 

Jia Hyson felt a bit of admiration for this transmigrator which only grew when he saw the rewards chosen for tasks completed. 

For the first main reward it was the most typical gold finger in these sort of ancient system stories- a space with a magic spring. More accurately it was called... the Cutie Flower Spring Space. It even came with a bonus makeup kit called the Starter Sparkle Miao Miao Kitty Paw Beauty Bag. This bag didn't have much, just some small things like lovely lavender lotions, fickle feline face creams, and cutie colour contacts.

Jia Hyson: '...' Wow. (_;)

Bebe: '...Don't judge ah. The world's consciousness also have their own shops to help them do their job better. It just happened this system and their special items are usually cheaper with a packaged theme.' 

Despite the... cringey name, from the description given it was clearly a good space, one with empty fields, various seasonal flowers and a healing medicinal spring. Honestly if anyone ignored this reward they would pass the point of stubborn independence and straight into the realm of brain dead. 

Jia Hyson was a bit surprised that it would be the first mission reward. Aren't they usually a bit less extravagant and superficial, like some marrow cleansing beauty pills? 

Bebe, reading his thoughts, coughed awkwardly, 'Apparently this Pan Shuchun negotiated with the system. The system is just a basic game system so the world's consciousness is the one truly controlling the system and any decision making. However...' Bebe coughed again. 

Jia Hyson's mouth twitched. 

Yeah. This silly, white and sweet world's consciousness who managed to even fuck up pulling their own protagonist into the main world plot probably broke down under negotiations and gave Pan Shuchun such a good first mission reward. 

While Jia Hyson didn't have a good grasp of this new transmigrator's personality yet he was fairly sure she was definitely quite shrewd and very self-reliant or she would have used the system more. Showing weakness in the first negotiation was the wrong move as it indicates the power balance is more weighted to the new Pan Shuchun's side. Maybe the original white lotus protagonist might not have caught on to it but he felt like this transmigrator would have. 

The second main task reward was the Dreamy Darling Sleepy Sheep Shop.

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: 'Just get over it. It doesn't really get better okay ah.' 

The shop required real money in exchange for sheep but also offered to exchange bonus sheep for number of task completions as well. It was clearly desperate to make Pan Shuchun do the tasks. Unfortunately Pan Shuchun didn't take the offer and only exchanged with money. 

Then there are the side task rewards;

Starlight silkworm starter pack which is fairly self explanatory. The starlight silkworms were spiritual beasts but they were still just worms so in the grand scheme of things it wasn't surprising it was only a side task reward, albeit still a generous one given the starter pack came with related silkworm rearing items. 

The Lovely Flower Goddess's Guide to Plants UwU  , containing an encyclopedia of horticultural and botanical knowledge suitable for this world... it was also filled with cutesy emojis but that's fairly redundant.

The Angel's most Adorable Agricultural Textiles Textbook. Also fairly self explanatory, giving the history and basic mechanics on how various agricultural related textiles like ground cover fabrics that protect crops from damages like soil drying out, too much sun radiation, introduction of weeds, or even anti-insect mesh. 

Beautiful Goddess's Manual Sparkling Sewing Machine... it was just a very durable and rather gaudy manual sewing machine. It did come with a blueprint though so it's possible to remake it. Unfortunately the blueprint was covered in glitter... 

And finally, the Princess Rose Gold Gardening Scissors. It was dainty and beautifully carved out, but the blade of the scissors was made to be able to easily cut through even the most stubborn of stems and branches easily. 

By themselves it really looks like items befitting an agricultural system but when you look at it altogether you notice that... they're all very design related items. 

The side tasks weren't much, it was merely like weekly side quests in a video game where you get a list of things you can do and a corresponding reward. In this case it was things like brush up X's favourability to a certain amount, or learn how to identify these root vegetables in the wild or make a delicious dish over 90 points using these ingredients. They were all quite difficult tasks to be honest that required both time and effort to accomplish but it was all in order to help the new Pan Shuchun gain the same amount of knowledge as the original. 

The main tasks were considerably more important as they were tasks to make the new Pan Shuchun follow the plot properly. The first task was to get out of the country side village, and run off with the original body's childhood friend. However by the time the world's conciouseness realised something was wrong and issued the agricultural system to the new Pan Shuchun, she had already fulfilled the marriage agreement with the Wu family. 

Jia Hyson recalls that when he first met Da Gong and Ye Cheng, there was a lot of gossip about this scandal. It turns out the truth of the matter was actually like this ah. 

He couldn't exactly judge and condemn her for leaving a marriage to someone she didn't know or care for in order to get a golden finger space. But at the same time he personally valued the concept of marriage very highly and without enough context he wouldn't praise her actions either. Jia Hyson felt that marriage should be a truly devoted act that shouldn't be taken lightly for both parties involved. However these were of course unusual circumstances as well. He supposes only Pan Shuchun would know what she was really thinking when she left the marriage like this at that time, and only she herself can decide whether her actions were worth it. 

The second main task was to help revitalise a certain noodle shop which was on the verge of closing due to various reasons. 

In the original story the original Pan Shuchun did this by using her amazing cooking skills and conveniently finding herbs and other delicious things around the nearby forest area which had been more or less ignored. 

She also picked up a supporting male lead who was a silent hunter that relied on the forest and was also coincidentally filial to the old couple of the noodle shop that took care of him when he was an orphan child. With her sweet and kind temperament and hard working personality, she quickly conquered not only the handsome hunter but the entire village save for a few cannonfodder. When the scum family found her later on, the entire village practically bound together to scold the scum family for her. 

However in this version...

Jia Hyson uses his tail to scroll down the holographic screen in front of him and then wiggled it in excitement. Even though it was only a summary in dot points, he can't help but feel this new protagonist was a little bit cool ah.

Disregarding the controversial ditching a marriage thing, this new Pan Shuchun was very domineering. Instead of starting with changing the family recipe, she did what she was best at- being trendy. Revamping the interior of the shop, decorating it with artistic paintings and giving the old couple some advice on presentation and strategic marketing tips. 

Even though she didn't know how to cook, she knew beautifying tips and tricks as well as how to sell things. Proposing cheap flowery and fruity teas to detoxify and refresh customers, then giving expensive options like adding milk and honey, and unique seasonal flavors... even though she couldn't improve the recipe of noodles herself, the noodles were still homely and filled with simple nostalgia. Isn't it fine to keep it as it is? Just add new things, give some good words, spruce it up a bit to be be more attractive and people will inevitably come back.

The handsome hunter never became her supporting male lead but was directly beaten into being her licking dog!

She taught him the little tricks that she used to gain popularity for the shop, explaining clearly the ins and outs of her actions and impressing him with intelligence. Before the hunter was very quiet and only had a so-so standing in the village due to his lack of family and his stand offish temperament that was a bit unlikeable to the older generation. However in order to improve the noodle shop, of course one needed a handsome man with good service ability so the new Pan Shuchun drilled into the handsome hunter the benefits of a good attitude and communication. 

Finally she pulled in one of the early cannonfodders- a relatively rich young miss who had a crush on the handsome hunter- to act as her taste tester with flattering words. Because she was also teaching the hunter supporting male lead about these things and how to experiment with making various drinks from flowers and fruit and herbs, the pair of supporting leads actually became more familiar with each other. 

With the rich miss' support, a unique looking shop design and new assortments of delicious and healthy drinks and small snacks to accompany a hearty bowl of noodles, the noodle shop business once again boomed. 

Satisfied, Pan Shuchun left with the grateful old couple seeing her off and the huntsman and rich miss supporting leads holding hands as they made her promise to come back for their wedding ceremony. 

With the money from this venture and the second reward of a magical sheep shop, Pan Shuchun immediately set off to the capital and completely disregarded the rest of the tedious main missions. 

Unknowingly skipping a majority of the plot and only focusing to go straight to the capital, of course she arrived much faster than Tang Muxin's group who meandered and treated the journey like a holiday road trip. 

The new Pan Shuchun was also very practical and had a hardhearted temperament. Unlike the original white lotus bleeding heart Pan Shuchun who would go rush in to trouble due to seeing various wrongs and offending and attracting people left and right, this new Pan Shuchun at most merely yelled and got nearby help before leaving quickly in order to avoid being tangled into anything big. It wasn't her problem after all ah.  

In this manner she heartlessly missed out on many plot points which made the poor world's consciousness want to shed bloody tears. 

Entering the capital city she was like a fish to water. With the special spring she had cleansed herself multiple times and her appearance was very clean and pure. Not to mention she had taken the time during her travel to slowly complete the few side tasks she deemed interesting to her. She had the raw materials to produce the highest quality cloth, good looks, a sweet mouth and a head full of designs and business ideas. After a few months and some lucky breaks her clothes were the new 'it' thing and naturally gained a lot of attention. At this current point the trend has really started to explode and will probably start attracting royalty if it hasn't already. 

After reading everything Jia Hyson couldn't help but feel a little strange. 

Should he say this world's consciousness was too bad or too good? Obviously they made such a stupid mistake in mixing up who to transmigrate. However in the end...

In the end the new transmigrator was a much better protagonist than the original!

As an author Jia Hyson had to say this sort of character was fresh and interesting! For one thing, it was rare for a fashionista to transmigrate, especially for ancient times. Another thing was this fashionista was also very stubborn, strong willed and a little heartless, unwilling to stray from her dreams of being the most trendy and famous fashion designer there was. 

Even though he stayed with Tang Muxin for so long and has cultivated a strong friendship with her, Jia Hyson admits between the typical overpowered super doctor assassin transmigrator and the super fashionista transmigrator he would probably pick the latter over the former to read a story about. It was almost a pity that this Pan Shuchun wasn't the main character ah.

Tang Muxin who was still staring bafflingly at the extreme changes of clothing tastes in the capital suddenly shuddered: '???' Eh? Suddenly I feel like I'm in danger?  

Of course even though Jia Hyson liked this sort of unique protagonist character, he was also more worried after rereading it again. The main reason is because neither protagonists now have a solid foundation in agriculture. 

The setting revolves around the story and the original story is written to revolve around Pan Shuchun before Tang Muxin transmigrated into it. Even then, Tang Muxin's main storyline was how she could live happily away from the plot so the overall actions and achievements of Pan Shuchun for the most part of the story that was already written, did not change much. Because Pan Shuchun was an agricultural student, a lot of the problems involved this sort of theme, such as starvation, famine, and crop and livestock problems. 

Therefore there were many unsolved problems now that the new Pan Shuchun had ignored and also didn't have the necessary ability to solve. 

Fashion can influence culture. But what good was culture when people are starving? 

For a story, Jia Hyson liked her a lot. He would definitely want to read a protagonist like her over the current main protagonist Tang Muxin much less the original protagonist. But even though she was good for this plot, that doesn't necessarily mean he believes this Pan Shuchun as a protagonist is good for this world.

Even though the world's conciseness only has one plot running right now, it is because of this that it relies desperately on this half-baked shitty plot to produce a stable and happy ending in order to be able to serve as a healthy foundation for the next stories. Unfortunately things like the overall setting can't be changed, and this country was doomed to be hit with various problems like drought and floods and locusts. 

Without the original Pan Shuchun, they could only rely on what modern knowledge the three transmigrators assassin-spy-doctor Tang Muxin, lucky meng-selling rooster-flirting Jin Bao, and fashionista Pan Shuchun can squeeze out of their brains.

Jia Hyson: ...fuck, this country is ruined.

If he had known this would happen, he wouldn't have cemented his character setting as a transmigrator with no special skills except for being super handsome and intuitive. At the very least his previous university education based in the biological sciences would help a bit ah. 

Bebe: 'Bebe thought your character's special skills was rooster fucking.'

Jia Hyson: 'Hey, I haven't fucked anyone, so fuck you.'

Bebe: 'You-! You-! You, fuck you!'

Jia Hyson: ...

Bebe: ...

Jia Hyson: 'Are you ashamed?'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'We have such high quality banter and yet you gave me this. What am I supposed to do with that? What did you expect me to do with that?'

Bebe: '...Yes. Bebe's sorry.' ( ;-;)

Jia Hyson: 'You should be. Now go reflect and come back with better comebacks or this story will never be popular.'

Bebe: 'Wait, but Bebe's conversation wouldn't be written into Tang Muxin's story.'

Jia Hyson: 'Not that fucking story. Now shut up and reflect.' 





Anyway. Now it was too late to back up and say 'oh, by the way, I'm actually the top agricultural student of Beijing's leading science university.' The only thing he can bank on is meeting this new transmigrator and convincing her to use the agriculture system. 

And in order to meet the new Pan Shuchun he needs to rope Tang Muxin into this.

But right now his character shouldn't know that the original Pan Shuchun has been replaced so it wasn't like he could say it so frankly. Luckily, with everyone around in the carriage being noisy, it wasn't the best time to do any telepathic communication so he had some time to think about it. 

Tang Muxin also knew this, and decided to go chat with the people more familiar with the capital to determine whether this was a new or old change. 

Steel straight man Duan Mengyao: 'Maybe.' 

He was mainly busy in the army and never appreciated women's clothing so he really wouldn't know.

Tang Muxin: '...' 

Villainous cut-sleeve Yan Huizhong, ignoring Tang Muxin's questions and turning to Ye Cheng: 'It seems the fashion has changed, do you want to go buy some new clothes after unpacking?' 

Even though he was confused at how the conservative style changed so quickly, imagining Ye Cheng in some of those more... progressive clothing suddenly made things more acceptable.

Doesn't really care about anything but money and animals Ye Cheng: 'Eh... Do you think this means the fabrics we brought would be sold for higher or lower than expected?'

Tang Muxin: '...' 

She turns back to Jin Bao. Even if it was a bit noisy it's probably better to talk it out now ah.

Jia Hyson, excitedly peeking outside while cuddling Da Gong: 'Ahhhhh Brother Gong, you would look so good wearing that!' ()

Da Gong: 'Cluck?' (  )

Jia Hyson: 'Yes! The most handsome!' (,,,>  <,,)

Da Gong: 'Tsk.' (,,  ,,)

Tang Muxin: '...' 

It's so lonely being competent.  

Unfortunately her core personality was more of a godly teammate and a barely passable team leader. As long as she's directed and instructed she can show off her OP spy skills in investigation. Due to her upbringing and Jia Hyson's manipulations which indirectly hindered what little sense of independence she was meant to grow into during the story, she was naturally quite passive when there was no pressure to force her into a situation and tended to feel uncomfortably anxious starting new things without some assurance. 

To be fair, most people were like that though ah.

Of course, unlike most people, Tang Muxin is blessed with a lucky protagonist halo and a lucky dragon mascot. Even though she decided to procrastinate investigating until she discussed more with Jin Bao, that didn't mean the investigation was willing to wait. 

Entering the Fairy Garden Inn, everyone was stunned at the interior. It was hard to tell whether it was Jia Hyson and Tang Muxin, the modern day transmigrators, or the native ancient men, Duan Mengyao, Yan Huizhong and Ye Cheng, that were the most suprised.

"I heard this was the most romantic inn to bring people to but this is beyond my expectations," Yan Huizhong couldn't help but mutter out, deeply impressed. 

Even though it was bright outside, once you step into the lobby of the large inn, it was like entering a secret forest party in the evening time. The windows were covered with heavy curtains with only a sliver of light leaking out, the main lighting was produced by rows of small hanging lanterns with simple inked flowers decorating the surface, making enlarged flowery patterns with its shadows. 

From the mossy green fabric mats, the cleverly carved wooden furniture in the shape of large mushrooms, flowers and insects, and the lovely painted ceiling of a twinkling night sky, everything was very fun and interesting but without crossing to gaudy and over the top. It was definitely not something an ancient person who views the lobby as a stop and go point, would design. 

Jia Hyson personally felt it was a bit childish in design but then again, an ancient person may not feel comfortable nor understand the beauty in a super modernist look either. Not to mention this sort of playful set up would definitely attract not just couples but families and young people. 

The innkeeper was an older woman who was wearing a stunning set of robes with simple white inner garments that contrasted with the deep emerald green outer robe decorated with outlines of various tropical looking leaves and vines in gold. Her face didn't have much make up but there was an interesting, fantasy-like golden painting of vines trailing down from the corner of her eyes like peacock feathers. Not only did it give her a mystical effect, but it also covered up her crows feet making her seem a bit younger at first sight. Very fairy like. 

Jia Hyson: 'I would totally ask her out ah.' 

Bebe: 'She's like mid to late-fifties. In this time period she's probably somebody's grandma.'

Jia Hyson: 'Hey, I'm just saying, if grandpa is out of the picture, I wouldn't mind being someone's-'

Bebe: 'Don't finish that sentence.' 

Jia Hyson: '-granddaddy.'

Bebe: '...'  

"Hello young immortals, welcome to the Fairy Garden Inn, I am Fairy Elder Vine Flower." The older woman greets politely, her face not showing a hint of embarrassment addressing them as immortals or her very fairy-like name. It seems they're really playing up the role play aspect here ah. 

Most likely she must be the innkeeper's wife or relative. Not many older people around this time would be willing to act like a fairy after all, they're more face-saving unless it involved their direct interests. 

Ye Cheng who had strode confidently to the forefront to speak faltered, for once a little embarrassed to speak. "Uh yes, um, thank you, ah... Fairy Elder." He stutters. "May I ask how much for a room? We need at least three rooms but two rooms are also possible."

Fairy Elder Vine Flower glanced down at some writings on her desk before smiling wider, "You're in luck sirs, we have quite a few people checking out today. We have available a deluxe couple room which is 1200 copper a night, two normal couple rooms at 750 copper each, four deluxe single rooms at 650 copper, and five normal single rooms at 500 copper per night."

Ye Cheng: '...' 

If anyone could look into Ye Cheng's heart right now they would see a thousand galloping mud horses running through.

Even though the history made up by the author was a bit messy, at the very least the exchange rate was a bit easier to understand as it more or less follows the Ming dynasty. 

In the Ming dynasty they had copper coins and silver as their main currency. There was also paper money (kuan) but mainly that didn't catch on well due to counterfeiting. The majority of the country generally relied on copper and silver to run the economy. Before the year 1840 the government of the Qing dynasty set the official exchange rate between copper-alloy cash coins and silver sycees at 1000 wn for 1 tael of silver before 1820, but after the year 1840 this official exchange rate was double to 2000 wn to 1 tael of silver. Currently it was only 1000 wen to 1 tael. 1 kuan was the equivalent to 1 tael.

However that wasn't the main point. 

The main point was the price was too expensive!!!

Just the cheapest single room was 500 copper. A well off farming family during a good harvest can earn about 50 silver a year in these times, maybe less given the increasingly bad harvests in the past few years. So ten days of staying the cheapest room of this inn would be around a yearly farmer's wage. On a good harvest year. 

It should be known 1 dou (10 liters) of good rice was roughly 110 copper pieces. You can eat for a long fucking time with 10L of rice, some more savvy families can make it last half a year if they really stretch it. 

Even if Ye Cheng felt like he was a bit rich now, they hadn't exchanged their products for money yet and had only a few taels silver and some copper at the moment. No, even if they exchanged some items now and gained a bag full of silver taels Ye Cheng would feel distressed. 500 copper for a cheap single room! The other inns he went to, the most expensive inn asked to give 250 copper for the best room. 500 copper... Why don't you just cut off his flesh instead ah? 

"Is food provided?" He weakly asked. Sometimes the price is higher because of this service. If so he would thicken his face and ask to drop it for a cheaper price.

"We do have something called room service where we can provide your meals for an extra 55 copper per room." The fairy elder replies with a smile, "With this service we provide you a menu and you can order whatever you want."

She pauses for a moment before adding, "The 55 copper is paying for the option of room service by the way. You do have to still pay for whatever meal you order. Don't worry though, the meals are much cheaper than outside meals and we guarantee the best quality. Our lamb dishes especially is-"

Ye Cheng: '...' This is daylight robbery. 

Sure enough the capital was really on another level. 

No, no, even if they could afford a few nights stay with their current savings and they could earn more later it's still better to just go to a cheaper place to stay anyway. They plan to buy a shop in the capital which would require a lot of money after all. Until then it's better to still be a bit frugal. 

"Let's get one deluxe couple room, the two deluxe single rooms and one normal room then." Yan Huizhong said before Ye Cheng could shamelessly say they got the the wrong place and leave. 

Sensing the gaze of Ye Cheng, Rich City Boy Yan Huizhong smiles and reveals his true colors with one sentence, "The price is pretty good, cheaper then expected. We can probably stay for a week."

Ye Cheng: '...' 

If Yan Huizhong had a romance-based system he would have definitely have heard something along the lines of [Ding! Ye Cheng's favorability has dropped 10 points. Refuel!]. 

However he also wasn't wrong. As a prince, even an unfavored one, he has experienced a lot of high quality things. The rich and noble will buy things at prices that commoners cannot comprehend. Their mentality is the rarer, unique and more expensive must be the best, they can show off their money and status through what they buy. 

Even if they actually aren't doing very well, a noble wife will still try to maintain face by purchasing what other rich ladies do. And the rich ladies will not shame their families by buying anything cheap in order to avoid gossip.

For example it's common for the women of the high society to say things like, "Ah, I was shopping with the young wife of the Xuan family and she didn't buy anything with us. Said she wasn't interested. Isn't that saying that she thinks what we bought isn't good in her eyes?"

Then another person will say, "It can't be, Miss Xuan bought some things with me a few months ago, me and you, we like the same things and go to the same shops. Miss Xuan is also like this, so it's unlikely that she was really uninterested."

Finally a third person may interject, "Aiyah, it couldn't be she couldn't afford it right? I know prices have gone up a bit recently but..."

From A to B to C the ladies more or less conclude in their hearts that this Miss Xuan has become stingier and the Xuan family may be experiencing some turbulent times they aren't aware of. 

The worst case is that the more vicious women or women who have enmity to Miss Xuan may spread this 'newfound knowledge' to their husbands with pillow talk. Listening to them balabala, the husbands may not take it 100% seriously but at the very least everyone would think twice about associating with the Xuan family in a 'better safe than sorry' mentality. 

The ones who trusted their wives more may choose to be decisive and cut off the Xuan family in their dealings. Then other men who see this will remember what their wives said and will feel like there indeed has been some problems with this family and will be more cautious and distant. The Xuan family of course would suffer from this, and could essentially fall into the trap of a self fulfilling prophecy. 

In short, the mentality of those born rich is to spend to save face, while the poor is to spend enough not to starve. It is hard to bridge this gap in thinking, even if a rich person falls from grace or a poor person flies up like a pheonix, there will always be something in their hearts, whether it be insecurity, arrogance, the cherished memory of their past prideful states or the bone deep fear of being unable to make it through winter, that will make it impossible to truly emphasize with each other's thoughts. 

Yan Huizhong knew this inn was really a good thing. Plus he's seen what products they've kept to sell in the capital and he was confident they could rake in a killing with only a few of those items much less all of them. It's fine to splurge.

Before the Fairy Garden Inn was also quite popular, especially for couples, known for good discreet services and a romantic scenery as the rooms overlook a large courtyard full of vibrant flowers that one could reserve for a short period of time to walk around and have tea in. 

However business is brutal and soon there were many inns with a garden or flower gimmick. Not to mention the owner was actually a widow and her daughter had previously offended someone high up, so their business had taken two big hits. 

He knew the widow would not close shop so easily, and with less business there would be less customers despite being a good quality inn which was why he had wanted to come here in the first place. Who knew that the widow had redecorated and made an unprecedented comeback. 

The new look was very both amazing and never been done before. Yan Huizhong who had been shocked by this design concept genuinely felt that the person behind this Fairy Garden Inn was very ingenious and he would like to recruit them if he could in the future. But if there was so many available rooms left it meant that word of mouth had not taken full effect yet and they were lucky enough to come here before the inn became red. 

Once the customers pour in, the price of a room will of course rise. Even if the owner is not greedy for money and won't change the room cost, there definitely would be limited opportunities to come back here. As a prince who is about to go do all sorts of fighting in the palace he will not have much time to wantonly indulge in enjoying the accommodations of such an interesting inn for a while and most importantly, for Ye Cheng who wishes to start his own business he will also never have the chance to enjoy this place before it becomes a tourist attraction.

Generally the most expensive places start off at a few taels for a night's stay so this was genuinely a good price. In fact Yan Huizhong had been previously very shocked at how cheap other places had been on the journey. 

Of course, then he actually entered the rooms of those places and he was no longer so shocked.  

Even Duan Mengyao who was a bit more conservative silently agreed with most of Yan Huizhong's outlook. His father was a drinker that likes to collect bottles worth thrice the price at minimum and his mother loved jade. He had also been numbed to these so called 'sky high' prices that commoners had. However he did still retain his memories when he had amnesia, and how his past self also felt that five hundred coppers was indeed a lot of money. 

As wandering merchants they had more potential to earn money than farmers but the amount they needed for living expenses was conversely very high. Especially given they needed to consider both human and animal needs plus carriage maintenance. Not to mention Tang Muxin had expressed interest in medicine early on, first explaining how she learnt a bit from a loyal servant, and then later citing the little dragon had some hereditary knowledge and wished to further sharpen her abilities, which also required a lot of money. 

So back then the profit was actually not high, at the very least, it was pretty high to Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin and past Meng Meng, but to the current Duan Mengyao and Yan Huizhong it could barely be considered small change.

Poor commoners Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin who only earns less than small change: '...Peh, evil rich people, peh, peh, peh.' 

Ye Cheng was very dissatisfied at Yan Huizhong, but after so many weeks spent with this man, he knew that the other wouldn't pit him like this. Besides... He looks around at the rather magical setup that seemed like straight out of a folktale. He had to admit he really did want to try staying here for a few nights. And the placement of the inn was very convenient. And they were planning to have a good time before everyone seperated...

But the price is still so...

Ye Cheng glanced at the overly beautiful face of Yan Huizhong looking up at him expectantly. In the ambiguous dim romantic lighting, the prince's attractiveness index had gone up by 20%. 

Ye Cheng: '...' 

The stingy merchant who was finally won over by beauty sighed and took out his money pouch. "So five days for one deluxe couple room, two deluxe single rooms and one normal roo- wait. Isn't there something off about booking these rooms?"

...

Duan Mengyao enters the room with his bags, and only lets himself admire the clean and attractive room for a few seconds before getting to work. Pulling out a scroll of paper, inkstone and brush, he quickly grinds the ink and uses it to write a short perfunctory message on the paper. 

Satisfied with his note he slips out of his room quickly. 

He doesn't want to waste too much time on this when he should be trying to woo himself a fianc with the limited time he has right now after all.

Meanwhile, Tang Muxin drops off her share of bags and goods into her room and looks around the place with a feeling of faint delight and unease. Sure enough this was the work of a modern day person. 

However she never had held the feeling of 'Since I have transversed here I must be the main character beloved by the heavens, bow down under my pomegranate skirt,' and didn't actually feel too threatened about the existence of a fourth transmigrator. She only felt worried about if this person would be hostile. 

After all, even though she doesn't hold much delusion of being a main character, whose to say this unknown one will be the same. Pan Shuchun the original protagonist does a lot of important things, it wouldn't be good if it would be disrupted if the unknown transmigrator had plans to steal the spotlight. 

Aiyah, who knew transmigrating would be so complicated?

She should go find Jin Bad and discuss things now.

As she walks to the door, something catches her eyes and Tang Muxin does a sudden double take. 

With almost no hesitation she rushes to the bathroom and sees a somewhat primitive but clean bathtub with a shower head. 

Tang Muxin: '...'

Well. Having a soak first wouldn't hurt ah.

Besides, Da Gong probably wouldn't be too happy for her to steal Jin Bao so soon after arrival anyway. 

Yan Huizhong was really a sneaky bitch though. He even knew how to butter up Da Gong now. 

"It's really nice that Yan Huizhong suggested to give us our own room ah." Jia Hyson comments as he lays splayed out on the soft cotton bedding, enjoying it deeply. 

"It would have been better if the selfish human didn't give us the common single room though, tsk," Da Gong struts around Jia Hyson as he surveys the room critically. Because the bed and quilt was unprecedentedly bouncy, it looked more like the large bird was hopping in circles around the dragon, looking quite cute in how serious he was. 

"I suppose it's pretty good though." Da Gong amends as he finally gets tired of looking around and sits by his little worm's side. Jia Hyson instinctively curls his body around the rooster, giving him a lazy full body hug. Because he's longer and bigger, he could easily encircle the rooster now. Da Gong lowers his head and nuzzles his face against Jia Hyson's smooth scales. "Just the opportunity to be alone with you would make even the cheapest room worth it to me."

Jia Hyson: 'Oh my god I think my scum heart is being whitewashed and I believe in true love again.' ( >  < )

Bebe: 'Fuck, Bebe also believes in true love again. If Da Gong drops you do you think he wouldn't mind a system as a companion instead?' ( )? 

Jia Hyson: 'Roll home wrecker! We don't need a little three here! Roll!'  (`) 

Meanwhile, the other animals who were kicked out by Da Gong to go live in the barn: '...' 

Meanwhile, the other animals who were kicked out by Da Gong to go live in the barn: 'Woo! The boss is gone! It's time to play!' \()/ (o) \()/

Little Fatty sits on a warm patch of hay and watches all the animals party it up in the barn. Even though they weren't living with their human and rooster masters, the area they were placed into was warm and spacious and the food given to them was abundant and delicious. As simple animals they were already very satisfied. 

The three mice babies, Heng Kai, Heng Dishi, and Heng Jian who had been playing tag around the barn ran to Little Fatty pantingly and with bright eyes. Little Fatty patted all three of them praisingly before sighing a little as the mice cuddled up to him so affectionately. 

Maybe it was because the big boss and small boss truly did not look like the kids, and he himself did, the little mice were very fond of him and often spent more time with him then their 'parents'. Even when given the opportunity to join the big and small boss in their own human room, the trio declined with the excuse that the barn was bigger and Uncle Fatty would get lonely. 

Little Fatty had been deeply moved but a little complicated at the same time. Such sweet kids, it's a pity they don't seem very filial to their parents. 

"Uncle-" they squeaked cutely, "Uncle- tell us another story okay-?" (..)(..) (..) 

Little Fatty chuckles, "Okay, okay, ah, let me tell you again about how back in the village, the big boss-" 

Seeing how obediently they snuggle up to his chubby body, Little Fatty felt very content. Even if they weren't his kids, they were so good he doesn't mind pretending he was raising them as his own ah. 

Bebe: '...Hehe.'

Those three mice were influenced by Slut Hyson and Domineering CEO Gong. Those kids knew how to sell meng and act silly and sweet but who knows how black they were on the inside?

Speaking of silly sweets and black insides, a certain black bellied scheming prince had pulled down a certain stingy scheming merchant onto the hotel bed in a certain deluxe couple room.

"I've been wanting to do this for a long time," Yan Huizhong hoarsely murmured as he wraps his arms around Ye Cheng's neck. 

"Funny," Through his flushed cheeks, Ye Cheng grins brightly, "So have I." 

They didn't know who moved first but quickly they began to slowly but passionately exchange kisses. Both were a bit tentative. After all they had a lot of theoretical knowledge from observation and books, but not so much physical experience. However both were smart, adaptable people and quickly they began to figure out the mechanics and things suddenly went from sweet to spicy.

However when, Yan Huizhong's hands moved down suggestively Ye Cheng's spine, the younger man had to quickly break away from their entanglement with a gasp. "Wu- wait, you're legs... can you even...?"

A very stiff and hard thing that clearly wasn't his own was forcefully pushed and grinded against his groin, silently agreeing that indeed Yan Huizhong certainly can. "What do you think?" The prince smiles with a dark glimmer in his eyes. No matter how logical the question was, which man would like being questioned about his ability in that area at such a pertinent time?

Ye Cheng sits up and glances down, his wheat coloured skin paling a little. "This, haha," He laughs awkwardly, "maybe I should take the lead Huizhong? After all, you're still injured, and I don't think you could actually..."

"You're right," Yan Huizhong flushes and looks down with a sad, insecure look, "I-I suppose I won't be able to do much with these legs of mine. Even though the only thing that can give me any sensory feedback is my dick and nothing else, I'm sure that I can at least still try bring one of us some pleasure with this body of mine."

Ye Cheng: '...'

He narrowed his eyes, "I'm pretty sure Tang Muxin helped a lot with the nerve damage and your legs have improved quite a bit since the start?"

Yan Huizhong blinked his pretty eyes and pouted innocently, "Do you want to go see her now and ask then?"

Ye Cheng: '...'

"Fuck!" Ye Cheng once again lost to the beauty and began to aggressively strip on top of the prince's body, "When your legs are fully healed then you have to let me top then okay?" He points harshly at the other's chest.

Yan Huizhong didn't feel any pain at all and nodded like a chicken pecking at rice, "Yes, yes, yes, whatever you say baby."

Ye Cheng: Hehe.

Ripping off the robes and revealing the tender white skin of the scholarly villain prince, Ye Cheng went and showed him the power and might of the commoners.

Viva la resistance! 

...

Pan Shuchun frowns as she sees her lighting shake on the ceiling of her room. It seems that they need to put thicker carpeting or something to avoid any future customer complaints. Unfortunately she wasn't actually an architect and didn't know how to fix this sort of problem other than more carpets or construct a better building. 

Still, these new customers did buy a lot of rooms- even one just for their pets apparently. The owner had told her they were probably merchants who had just arrived into the capital. 

Not only were they decently wealthy, they also seemed to be fairly new to the capital, at the very least their connections were probably shallow if they wanted to stay at the previously declining Fairy Garden Inn. Her advertising work has barely started so she was positive these out of towners wouldn't have been aware of the revamping of this place, so Pan Shuchun was fairly confident of her deductions. It would be good to try see if they could make a connection with them tomorrow. After all, even though their statuses are not high, it's easier to converse that way.

"System, remember to wake me up at 6:30am okay?" She orders as she walks to the bathroom mirror and begins her evening beauty routine. There was still a bit of the day left but she was feeling lazy. Work can wait for now, all she wanted to do was spend the rest of today in bed drawing up some new designs for her store. Maybe read a little. Snack on some fruit from her space. 

Just imagining it makes her smile.

World's consciousness who has been reduced to an alarm clock: '...' 

[Host, it's been four weeks since you've done a task-]

"Tsk," Pan Shuchun clicked her tongue as she started to wash her hands, "Look at how good I'm doing, why would I need to do your shitty tasks of wooing men and acting like a bimbo ah?"

Looking at the bronze mirror she gently pulls down her left lower eyelid and pinches something in her brown eyes. Carefully she slides off her contact revealing a black iris, dark and yet entrancing like the night sky. 

"Honestly," She continues, "You know that in my original world I was in my late twenties right? Do you know how humiliating some of those tasks you wanted me to do ah? Do you?"

[...No.]

"Tsk," Pan Shuchun pulls out the contact lens from her right eye, uncovering a piercing silver iris. 

Splashing her face with water she looks back into the mirror and gives it the middle finger, her black and silver heterochromatic eyes flashing in irritation as she sneers, "Fucking misogynist system."






In the end nobody left their rooms to meet up with each other till the next morning for various reasons. 

A refreshed and clean Tang Muxin was the first to leave her room, touching the doorway a little reluctantly before heading off to collect Jin Bao and Da Gong first. 

Aiyah, even if the new transmigrator turns out to be a hostile, Tang Muxin felt like she was very willing to do her best to be friends ah. Just for the blueprints of the plumbing alone. 

Now that she has gained many friends (five, three if you exclude the non-humans) she was more or less confident she could befriend this one! 

...Worse comes to worse, she had a cute dragon transmigrator by her side as a secret weapon hehe. 

In an unprecedentedly good mood after fully experiencing somewhat modern facilities including not just a bath with hot running water but even herbal soaps and conditioner, Tang Muxin felt like their was a little skip in her step. 

As she gets closer to Jin Bao's room she realises it was a bit mean of her to have left the two animals alone like that. After all, Jin Bao was also a modern day person on the inside, she was sure he would've wanted to experience what she had did but she wasn't sure that he could make all the rather finicky taps and such work with his claws without breaking them. 

She felt a little guilty thinking about it, and silently promises to give the two animals a nice 'hot spring' experience in their tub this evening. At the very least the vain Jin Bao will certainly enjoy it. Da Gong likes whatever Jin Bao does so she doesn't have to worry much on his end. 

Thinking that she takes out the spare key for Jin Bao's room and opens it. Surprisingly neither animal was on the bed. Her ears pick up the soft splashing sounds and faint clicking in the bathroom. 

Tang Muxin: '...'

It seems her worries are for naught then. 

Unable to help herself, she crept toward the bathroom door curiously. Because the two were still animals they couldn't lock the doors or at least, they were too lazy to keep jumping up or stretching to reach the handles whenever the door closes so the door was already half open. 

Silently she peeked in and immediately her eyes were blinded. 

Da Gong was sitting on the edge of the bathtub, despite being so large he easily balanced himself on the relatively thin metal side. In his beak was a glass bottle of essential oils which he would occasionally shake a few drops out producing the strong scents of roses. Occasionally the rooster will make some croaking and coo-ing noises and fans his wings, letting them drop down stiffly and making a quivering motion.

Meanwhile Jin Bao was floating belly up and wiggling lazily in the hot rose scented bath water which was also... full of scattered black feathers. Occasionally he would respond to Da Gong with coquettish trilling noises and flicking his tail upwards to ambiguously stroke the offered wings, making Da Gong shake excitedly.

Tang Muxin: '...' What kinky shit is this then? 

She recalled her lovely soak last night all alone in her room and compared it to this visual image in front of her and suddenly felt like she was being given critical damage in her single dog heart. 

Jin Bao, most likely sensing her complicated emotions at the moment, stopped swaying languidly in the water and peered up out of the bathtub. 'Mu Mu? What are you doing here ah?'

However with the little dragon changing his attention to her, he also managed to bring Da Gongs attention as well.

Da Gong was much less mild in his reaction. Immediately seeing a trespasser on his territory his feathers flared and fluffed up, instinctively making him even bigger and fatter than before. 

Tang Muxin immediately put her hands up, the motion swift and well-practiced after many many confrontations with the fierce rooster. "It's just me Da Gong!" She shouts out, "Just Muxin!" 

Da Gong puffed up harder and started flapping his wings harder, his pace of clucking picking up like a rebellious motorcycle revving up before it attacks a police car.

Police car Tang Muxin: '...' 

'You should probably run Mu Mu,' She hears Jin Bao's seductive and mature drawl ring amusedly through her head. Tang Muxin felt that it was quite irritating to the ears currently. 'Da Gong is awfully embarrassed you saw him in such an intimate setting ah-'

'Can you not do something?' She hisses mentally.

The little dragon stares at her, before glancing at Da Gong and 'mrp'ing.

Da Gong looked back at the dragon, clucked a few times before continuing to flap his wings menacingly.

Tang Muxin didn't need an animal translation skill to know that the bird was dead set on kicking her out. 

Jin Bao: 'Pft, sorry- I did all I could-'

Tang Muxin: '...' With such a coquettish tone, it would be strange to believe him.

As a lover of cliche romance stories, she knew most transmigrator protagonists were usually quite adept and intelligent. How come this particular transmigrator was such a cheap guy ah?

Thankfully her agility was top class, especially supplemented with her own spiritual energy enhanced food, so after backing out warily she turned and dashed out of the room.

"Come down for breakfast in the lobby!" She calls back before running faster as she hears the sound of Da Gong jumping off the edge of the bathtub and landing on the floor with an audible thump that was honestly loud enough to be a bit terrifying. Fuck that cock got really big. 

She would put him on a diet, but admittedly she was too afraid of what would happen if the bird thought that she was calling him fat.

Dashing out at the fastest speed out of the room and into the hallway, Tang Muxin nearly crashes into someone in her mad escape from the angry black cock. If not for her nearly inhuman reflexes, and her penchant for flight over fight, she might have really hurt someone ah.

"Ah!"

Twisting her body, she nimbly sidesteps the surprised young lady, her hand grasping toward the wall to support herself from her own sudden move. "Are you, are you okay?" Tang Muxin gasps out.

Pan Shuchun who had gripped her sleeves tightly and fully expected to be tackled to the ground, relaxed a little seeing she was still standing upright and relatively unharmed. Forcing herself to not swear like an old grandpa who saw a kid running through their freshly mowed green lawn, she smiles politely as she tries to unwrinkled the creases of her new outer shirt. "I'm fine, thank you miss-?"

Tang Muxin hesitates before sticking her hand out in offering. After all, this lady seemed quite wealthy give the clothing and wasn't offended by almost being violently bumped into. It was better to establish a shallow friendship first and see if there was any potential to develop a future customer relationship, "Tang Muxin, I just arrived here yesterday with my friends."

Seeing the offered handshake, and the clear gaze that held neither the disdain of the arrogantly spoilt nor the flattering and envious fear of a petty and submissive commoner, Pan Shuchun's smile became a touch more genuine. She accepts the handshake happily, "It's nice to meet you Miss Tang, I'm Pan Shuchun. The designer of this establishment and owner of Pure Beauty Designs."

Tang Muxin: '...'

Tang Muxin: '???'

"You are... Pan Shuchun?" Tang Muxin stares at her with wide eyes, grip slackening and hand falling to her side in shock. "You, you, you decorated this inn and made all those new clothing?"

Pan Shuchun lifts her chin up, feeling quite proud and finding the other lady very pleasing to the eyes. She was still a relatively new designer and while she had some die hard fans, it took a lot of coaxing and scheming just to get people to try her clothing given that she was a) a woman, b) an unmarried woman, c) an unmarried woman with no status or background. Now it was much easier for her to accomplish what she wanted to accomplish but that didn't mean she could so easily forget the struggles she had experienced to get here.

Even now there were many scheming bitches trying to get her things. However Pan Shuchun was shrewd and managed to outwit them all so far. She is very intuitive and instinctively, looking at Tang Muxin's expression, knew that the lady was genuinely shocked and awed. No envy or disdain or anything ah. 

This must be a true fan!

Her first true fan in this era! (`)

Pan Shuchun felt like she understood well, and immediately softens her gaze and pats the stiff Tang Muxin on the shoulder. Aiyah she's so tense, she must be super nervous. How cute ah-

Tang Muxin, still malfunctioning: Where am I? Who am I? 0w0??

Pan Shuchun: Ah, I'm feeling a bit shy now, what to do-? Maybe I should give her a free gift voucher? Oh she's practically trembling in awe! Could my beauty be intimidating her? Hehe.

This was the scene Jia Hyson came up to.

Sitting on a still huffy and embarrassed Da Gong's back, Jia Hyson coaxingly curls the tip of his tail around the bird's ankle. "Brother Gong, don't be shy- Mu Mu won't tell-"

In a way Jia Hyson felt a little bemused at Da Gong's situation. He had always been very proud and domineering, even if he was doting, it was rare to fully show off his sappy side. Now that someone other than his baby saw him like this, the bird was very upset and humiliated.

In human terms, the equivalent is probably domineering CEO Gong finally had some alone time with his little white flower Bao, the CEO relaxed his guard, took off his clothes and pounced on the little white flower. In the middle of doing the deed, the naggy secretary came in and saw his exposed white butt jiggling every time he thrusted back and forth. 

Bebe: 'Pft-!' Bebe just imagined the scene and it's... really fucking beautiful hahaha. 

Jia Hyson had to coax the embarrassed for a while before he could waddle out of the room with his head held high. Feeling the muscles under the feathers tense at the sight of Tang Muxin, Jia Hyson chuckles and begins to shower his back with soft, affectionate head nuzzles and kisses to calm him down. 

"There, there darling-" he coos gently, enjoying the soft warm feathers. Maybe it's because of the spiritual energy supplement, but Da Gong's body heat has soared rapidly, especially so when he was angry. But for a cold blooded dragon like Jia Hyson this was simply the best. 

Jia Hyson absentmindedly bites one of his front claws, the sharp, curved nail clicking against his even sharper teeth as he stares heatedly at Da Gong. He could feel himself salivate a little. Like he had just eaten a bowl of salad while there was a juicy steak sitting across the table, Jia Hyson felt inexplicably hungry and unsatisfied with his current state of affairs. Lately his skin has been itchy with something and his murderous tendencies which has been ignored for a while have slowly begun campaigning to be known once more.

Letting his tail wind and unwind around Da Gong's ankle as he trots down the hall, Jia Hyson clenches his jaw, grinding his claw against his teeth. 

'Host...' Feeling something was wrong Bebe quickly started to scan it's host's vitals. Luckily, while all the skills Bebe had previously amassed were sold up for the laser canon, Bebe's vast experience was not in vain. 

Dragons weren't very common characters, and a host would probably only get to play one once or twice in their career if they were lucky enough. But Bebe has had enough hosts to get a decent understanding of the general trend of dragon biology even if the world's consciousness' tend to change the concept to best fit the Author Gods' variations and ideas. 

Seeing the various fluctuations of data, Bebe made a tongue clicking noise, 'The increased aggression and higher demand for sensory stimulation, the current state of your physical dragon traits, coupled with your previous and current lethargy... essentially your body is preparing to enter the next growth phase but you're still undernourished and the spiritual energy provided for you at this rate is enough to survive well enough but isn't enough to meet the growth conditions.' 

Jia Hyson understood. Essentially they were at a stale mate. Right now the energy in his body is enough to maintain his current state but not anything more. His body wants to get bigger and mature both physically and physiologically but it's pretty much writing cheques the body can't cash. 

Tang Muxin has improved her cooking skills and subconsciously has gotten better in keeping spiritual energy in the dishes but three meals a day can no longer support his needs it seems. After all, in this world dragons need to be practically bathed in spiritual energy, especially the younger more vulnerable ones. 

'Can we bulk order spiritual energy?' Jia Hyson asks.

'It's a bit expensive...' Bebe hesitates. Even if they earned a bit of compensation at the beginning, spiritual energy seriously wasn't cheap stuff. Plus systems haven't been able to successfully recreate this yet and can only buy from willing Heavenly Paths. Not to mention, which Heavenly Path was willing to let systems research this thing. If they knew how to make it wouldn't that make them redundant and the world's consciousness even poorer than before? Therefore the ability to mass produce wasn't possible. 

Jia Hyson smiled toothily, 'Tsk, why go to Bebay? Don't we have a supplier right here.'

He pointedly looks through the inn window and at the sky.

Bebe: 'Oh? Ooh, hehe, of course, of course, Bebe will contact them now ah.'

Suppliers World's consciousness and Heavenly Path: '...' 

What could they do? If they don't comply aren't they asking to be reported for messing up? Wuwuwu everyone was right, hosts and systems were super mean QAQ. 

While Bebe begins blackmailin- ahem asking politely for some spiritual energy, Jia Hyson finally meets the long awaited protagonist. Technically.

At his and Da Gong's very obvious arrival, both women stopped to look at them. While Tang Muxin relaxed at the sight, Pan Shuchun was shocked silly. 

Eh? Do we have roosters this big in ancient China? No, no, disregarding that, isn't that clearly a fucking dragon on the giant rooster? Even though the features were a bit stunted and a little chibi that was clearly and undoubtedly a dragon right???

Similarly, Jia Hyson was also surprised at Pan Shuchun. 

Pan Shuchun is very pretty. 

But more than that she is very fashionable. 

Her hair was curled and pulled up into a pair of high wavy twin tails, tied up with white hair bands with petal shaped fabrics sewn in giving a blooming lotus effect. With a one shoulder pink mini dress on top of a thin simple white, long-sleeved undershirt, both decorated with a line of lotus themed golden ink patterns on the sides, it definitely produced a seductive fairy like feel without conflicting too harshly on the current societal views. A classic pale green long skirt was worn underneath it all which complemented the flashy design of the top well. 

Not only that her physique was very good, tall, curved but still within the realms of slim, and a decent sized chest. Overall, a typical provider of what was considered first class beauty for Asian standards. Western too really. Of course it was expected since she took over the body of the protagonist, not to mention being nourished by that magic spring of hers, it would be weird if she wasn't attractive. 

The most surprising thing is that Pan Shuchun didn't really look like what Jia Hyson was imagining when reading the story. Even though the story is mainly in Tang Muxin's perspective, obviously as the main character of the story world Tang Muxin transmigrated to Pan Shuchun would be given enough screentime to describe her appearance. 

Honestly her looks should fit her character archetype. Dainty, cute, pure white lotus. Big shiny lychee eyes, pink plush lips, long lashes, soft and sweet. However, Pan Shuchun was tall and elegant, with thinner phoenix eyes and... okay the lips should be the same but it was dyed a deep, ruby red, giving a more seductive and mature feel. In short, this Pan Shuchun looked like a fierce businesswoman or a top model- the serious high society type models that could probably bitch slap you and look fabulous doing it. 

'She's got good skills to make her face like that.' Tang Muxin's voice suddenly echoes in his head. She had calmed down somewhat form her initial shock and had begun to analyze the small details to process better. 'They're probably better than my own.'

Jia Hyson blinks and tries to squint up at Pan Shuchun. With his enhanced vision as a dragon he could see there was clearly makeup on her face, but only on closer scrutiny did he realise how certain shadows don't match up to her facial structure. Her facial contouring skills were definitely top notch.

As an experienced man who is affectionate to both sexes, Jia Hyson is a little familiar with make up products and application. There were many women who would look like completely different people with and without make up but usually it was to enhance their best features not to curb them and transform them into something completely different. 

Jia Hyson wasn't the sort of man who would feel 'betrayed' knowing that a lady uses such makeup to change her appearance. To put it kindly he truly doesn't care as they are both the same person he was initial attracted to. 

To put it crudely, Jia Hyson just wasn't very picky and had such a wide range of tastes that unless you've self mutilated yourself with an assortment of tacky face tattoos and piercings, he didn't care if you were plain, chubby, had an unfortunately large birthmark etc. 

It's impossible to be surrounded by pageant kings and queens everyday, the majority of people were not beautiful and no one should expect them to be. Jia Hyson personally didn't either. While he has preferences for the more handsome end of the spectrum like most people do, that didn't mean he only had eyes for people that exceeded a certain level of beauty. 

People who thought they were plain or chubby or even a little ugly, Jia Hyson could see the beauty in them and easily treat them like he would treat any top class beauty. It made many easily fall in love with him with such an attitude. 

It's unfortunate that no matter the appearance Jia Hyson was a fickle bastard who threw people away faster than he throws milk cartons out. 

Bebe: 'So... you're shallow but not shallow enough to be decrease your strike zone of being okay with sleeping with anybody who is technically human and with a functional brain.'

Jia Hyson: 'Tsk. Listen to my monologue. I don't like people with a lot of piercing and tattoos on their faces. See, I have physical preferences. Oh and I guess unhygienic people too. That's a physical preference too I suppose.'

Bebe: 'Ah. My apologies. Excluding a very small demographic of humans everyone else is fair game.'

Jia Hyson: 'In a way it is my way of promoting the self esteem of the human population really.'

Bebe: 'Oh.' More like your way of promoting the moral degradation of the human population.  

So after some mild surprise he immediately turned to appreciation. "Wow!" If he could he would clap his hands, instead he just swishes his tail enthusiastically, "You're right. The make-up is really good." He marvels. "Do you think she'll teach you if you ask?"

Tang Muxin: '...What the fuck does that mean?' _

Realising he made a faux pas, Jia Hyson immediately activated [Cutie Beam]. Right now the level was at an extremely high level 8, and at this point as long as it had a consciousness and ability to feel even a tear drop worth of emotions, the person would definitely be moved. Jia Hyson believes that because not only does he use it often but he also uses it often on important characters (protagonist Tang Muxin, villain boss Yan Huizhong, supporting male lead Duan Mengyao) the experience points gained are also much higher than usual. 

Immediately Tang Muxin's anger calmed down under the brute cuteness force attacking her heart and forcefully soothing her offended emotions. 

Tang Muxin: '...You're lucky you're damn cute you know.'

Jia Hyson: 'I know uwu.' 

Now that his meng selling powers have taken complete effect, Jia Hyson uses his sweet mouth to explain that he just wanted to learn about the skills himself ah and it would be better if Tang Muxin taught him through allowing him to see her being taught by Pan Shuchun.

Tang Muxin who was still feeling the effects of the [Cutie Beam] squinted suspiciously. It seemed even if she was easily suppressed by the skill she has gained a smidgen of resistance after all this time. 'Why would you even need to learn this skill?'

Jia Hyson: Because I don't want to pay to learn this life skill ah-  

Such a good makeup skill will be useful in the future. Isn't it better to learn a bit now than have to pay for classes later? 

Of course he couldn't say that. 

After some thought he gave a sorrowful sigh, 'My mother was in cosmetics. I didn't really care about her work but I sort of regret it now ah. She worked really hard for me and even helped me do makeup for my modelling career in the beginning. Now that I have the opportunity, I would like to learn a bit about makeup at least.' 

Tang Muxin didn't know much about Jin Bao and Jia Hyson purposely did this. In order not to blow his identity, he made sure to only give minimum information while maintaining a joking persona so it's a bit difficult to prove deeply into his so-called 'past life'. Other than knowing his sister wrote the story they were in, that he was known for being ultra good looking and acknowledged for his looks to the point he made a living off his high appearance value, Tang Muxin actually knew very little other than his personal preferences and such.

To be honest this was a skill well honed from his original life. After all Jia Hyson loved to love em and leave em, it would've been a nightmare if everyone knew where he lived and got all clingy. 

Sure he liked to nurture up a few stalkers when he was in the mood for a twisted romance but Jia Hyson always was of the mindset that stalkers were like growing potatoes. You have to grow them a few at a time, keeping an eye on them carefully in a pot lest they grow wild and suddenly your garden bed has nothing but small ugly potatoes everywhere and there's no way to fully get rid of them without drastic measures such as burning your metaphorical garden down. 

Fun was fun but one should make sure not to be excessive about it lest it reaches out of your control. 

Therefore, in Jia Hyson's original world there were many cases of men and women with a story to tell about a gentle scum man who swept them off their feet then left with barely a trace. Sometimes it was a case of reservations at the hotel and other date spots were from a fake identity. Other cases was merely as simple as a phone number no longer in use and their online account deleted. 

One of the more elaborate stories is by a very incensed man who revealed his rich boyfriend of three months suddenly ghosted him and broke up via text after his birthday. After trying to contact Jia Hyson he found that the phone could not be reached, the email address deleted, the social media accounts weren't his real accounts and the name he used was not his real name.

Jia Hyson: 'Who told my mother to give me such an uncommon and unique first name ah?'  

Bebe: 'Maybe she knew how green tea you'll be when you grow up ah.' 

Jia Hyson: ...

This ex boyfriend however was very interesting though. If not how could Jia Hyson pay attention to him for so long? The man had a fair number of connections and a strong unwillingness to part with his spicy chicken lover like in such a cheap manner. Unfortunately Jia Hyson at the time had the sort of richness that allowed him to buy apartments 

In fairness the man did a pretty good job. He had most of the things required to find a person- connections, money and just enough crazy to be borderline dangerous when stimulated hard enough. And after giving his heart to Jia Hyson only to have it so casually tossed away, he indeed went a little mental. 

Unfortunately for him at the time Jia Hyson was almost around the peak period of his career and was not only stupid rich but extremely well connected as well. The man was always a step behind and Jia Hyson took great pleasure in purposely dragging him here and there like a sadistic puppet master. 

Still, the man finally got too close for comfort and Jia Hyson was self aware enough that he knew he probably couldn't handle the guy after provoking him like this for so long. In the end, Jia Hyson gave him one final clue- the address to one of his apartments and a promise to meet him there to talk. 

When the man finally arrived, half expecting his infuriating lover to have been moved by his persistence and half planning to shove him into a little black room, he only saw an apartment being burnt to the ground.

Man: ...motherfuck.

The worst part was probably that the apartment was under a different alias and the man who finally gave up still never even got Jia Hyson's real name. 

Jia Hyson, mainly due to this sort of sick hobby, did not like to put his face on the books he wrote and chose to take the 'mysterious handsome writer route' so his face would always be partially covered or only the back of his head would be used in interviews. It was a very good selling point honestly, and in the dog blooded world he lived in, it was also a pretty acceptable concept. So unless you were a dedicated fan or someone in the literary and entertainment circle you wouldn't really be too familiar with his face. 

It also helped that while he was certainly handsome, he was only above average, neither owning particularly striking features other than his slanted eyes or an inhuman handsomeness to the point one would fall in love and never forget his appearance at first sight. 

However contingencies and such aside, it was still pretty impossible not to be recognised. Because he feared for his reputation, Jia Hyson did his best to minimise the number of affairs attached to himself so not only had a tendency not only to lie about his name, age and identity but would occasionally alter his appearance and temperament. It was pretty fun to do so either way anyway. Since it was only short term lovers, it wasn't too hard to fake it until he got bored. Luckily for him, he had changed his appearance while dating this ex or he may have had to resorting to murder again ah.

Bebe: ...

Jia Hyson: 'Anything you want to say Bebe?' 

Bebe: 'Well. Most people don't jump to murder when their lies get pierced but whatever ah. Bebe is used to it.'

Jia Hyson: ...Oh no. Am I, am I getting stale? 

Of course while this all was very scummy, other than that the ex boyfriends and girlfriends couldn't exactly call the police about it either. After all, Jia Hyson showered them with money and affection. He didn't steal money or their valuables, didn't sell any intimate photos he took or blackmail them, nor was he a marriage scammer. Just a lying scum slag man. 

And now this lying scum slag man was pouring out a bunch of misery to Tang Muxin. Those white lotus acting classes weren't for naught ah. At the very least his ability to sell pity was much better than before. 

Tang Muxin who was cold on the outside, warm on the inside, felt instinctively there was something wrong with Jia Hyson's sob story but was inevitably moved anyway. 'I understand,' Even the voice in her head was much softer and full of something suspiciously like maternal love, 'I'll see if I can broach the topic with her once we determine her attitude in this world okay?'

Jia Hyson fakes a sniffle, 'Okay. Thank you wuwuwu. You truly are my best friend and I'm so glad you were the one who transmigrated with me.'

Tang Muxin became even more touched, 'I feel the same way.' She replies emotionally. 'If it wasn't for you I think I really would have had a different journey, and I'm so happy that's not the case.'

Jia Hyson: 'I couldn't agree more.' 

Heh. It was almost too easy ah. 

Bebe, who was watching: ...No, wait, what happened to your super spy intuition? (TT) Don't just let the super slag win!




Of course the most important thing right now wasn't the free make up classes but to lead Tang Muxin's train of thought to understand the situation at hand as well as recruit Pan Shuchun into their little ragtag group. 

Unfortunately while she has become more open minded to these supernatural things like transmigration and dragons, it's still hard for more normal people to immediately go to- oh, maybe the original transmigrator protagonist was replaced with a different transmigrator by some freak accident, that makes complete sense hahaha. 

Peh, you would have to be a special kinda of genius or a special kind of crazy to have that as your first guess ah.

After all, Pan Shuchun isn't an uncommon name, the temperament, interests and to some extent appearance has all changed so it's possible to believe that she might not be the real protagonist unless you had insider information like Jia Hyson. Without actually interrogating her about her background and specific family situation it would be hard to confirm her true identity. Even then she could choose to lie.

Jia Hyson sighs at this thought, recalling how hard it was for himself to change his identity in his original world even for a month or two to play around. Without social media and technology, ditching your old life and making up a new one here is pretty easy as long as you have the guts for it. 

Bebe: 'You're totally thinking about how you want to be a human just so you can try slag better in ancient times right?'

Jia Hyson: '...Psh. No.'

Bebe: 'Heh.'

Jia Hyson: '...' This is the longest relationship I've ever had with anyone and it's really starting to show here. I don't think I like it.

Bebe: 'Lemme guess. Your commitment issues are flaring up because you're aware at how eerily well Bebe knows you and you don't like it.'

Jia Hyson: '... psh. no.' Fuck me this system has to die.

Ignoring Jia Hyson's commitment slash murder issues with his system, he really was pondering the job at hand. 

Hopefully if things go to plan, he can kill two birds with one stone by bringing Pan Shuchun into the fold and gain a bit of insight with how to best change one's appearance using various neat cosmetic tricks. Even if he couldn't, the foundation to learn it should still be present and he may even pick up how she makes her own products despite the inconveniences of the time period- a skill that would be very useful in non-modern worlds. 

Pan Shuchun is not only an interesting character, she serves as a good contrast to Tang Muxin while both being relatively strong females. Jia Hyson could personally see no downside by keeping her around however the question is how to do so without making it seem abrupt. After all, the readers are used to the four main characters of the group now, there has to be a decent build up before a new person can join the ranks.

Tang Muxin didn't know what Jia Hyson was thinking about, but her thoughts were on a somewhat similar wavelength. Right now she was considering how to approach and get to know the woman better.

After all, as a super spy assassin doctor how can she not feel a little uncomfortable that the so-called 'reliable data' that she had as a transmigrator and reader of the story this world was based on, was so thoroughly shaken. Even if this Pan Shuchun was or wasn't the original protagonist Pan Shuchun, it didn't stop her presence from severely changing things with her ambitions. 

Personally she was more inclined to believing that the real Pan Shuchun was still out there and this was a different transmigrator altogether who either coincidentally has the same name or purposely changed it to try brush up against a bit of that protagonist halo. Tang Muxin had read a lot of stories about how important a main character was in the story, how favoured they were by the heavens and fate- that's why you couldn't just kill them off. Unless heaven fucked up how could they so casually replace the main protagonist ah? Therefore clearly this shouldn't be the Pan Shuchun she thinks she is.

Heavenly Path and World's Consciousness: '...' We're so sorry (;-; (;-; )

Of course, 'shouldn't' is not 'definitely not'. Everything right now is only deduction without evidence. It's better to confirm it and not be blindly confident in her own ideas. 

Thinking about it, Tang Muxin gave Pan Shuchun a shy, nervous smile. "Hey, as an apology for almost knocking you down, how about I offer you some breakfast?"

Pan Shuchun, who was still shocked silly at the admittedly very shocking presence of the gigantic black cock and the cute chibi dragon that may not be a dragon but come on, is totally a fucking dragon, finally snapped out of her daze. Digesting the words, all her previous questions about the two animals were thrown away in favour of bubbling joy. "Okay," She nods with a wide smile.

Pan Shuchun: Aiyah- Even though she's clearly shy she invited me for breakfast? She must admire so much it's enough to overcome her introvertedness. As expected of my biggest fan! 

Unknowingly having been tagged with a 'Biggest Fan' card, Tang Muxin was just relieved it seems like this Pan Shuchun was quite easy going. Feeling that the other was very friendly, Tang Muxin happily introduced Da Gong and Jin Bao. It would be rude to ignore them after all.

Most importantly, Da Gong would be pissed.

Jia Hyson, listening to her thought process: '...Oi, lady, what about me? I also have feelings.'

Da Gong: 'It's okay, she doesn't care, but I always do.' (,,,,)

Jia Hyson: 'Oh darling-' (" (,,,,) 

Bebe: vomiting noises

"I'm sure you're wondering who these are," Tang Muxin gestures to the two animals.

"Oh my god yes," Pan Shuchun bursts out, "I was really worried you wouldn't bring them up." She added, a bit embarrassed at her manner. Maybe because she knows the girl is a fan of hers she subconsciously has relaxed her attitude and reverted back to her casual language from modern times. Luckily it seemed Tang Muxin didn't notice or mind.

Bending down, Tang Muxin lightly strokes the head of Da Gong who grudgingly bares it to give the human face in front of the stranger. "This is Da Gong, he's a rooster." 

Pan Shuchun: ...No shit.

Tang Muxin then picks up Jia Hyson with fluid and well practiced motions. This caused Da Gong's feathers to ruffle a bit but quickly he calmed. After all, just like how Tang Muxin had gotten used to himself, he had also gotten used to her. At the very least Da Gong understood this human was very loyal to his worm, similar to his own human Ye Cheng. 

"This is Jin Bao..." She hesitates for a second before remembering that they weren't really hiding Jin Bao's identity anymore. Tentatively she took a breath and then boldly declared to Pan Shuchun, "He's a dragon." 

Jia Hyson cooperatively curled around Tang Muxin's shoulders and tried to show off his dragon body.

Pan Shuchun: ...You really might as well have not have said anything to be honest. 

Unfortunately Tang Muxin has always been the quiet type. And she and Pan Shuchun were really not familiar so naturally she didn't feel much need to elaborate unless asked. 

Pan Shuchun on the other hand was too embarrassed to ask. In the end the pair of ladies and animals went to the breakfast area and Pan Shuchun had to suffocate under her own curiosity, constantly stealing glances at the dragon and the rooster who was so big it almost reached up to her hips. If it wasn't for the distinctive tail feathers and cockscomb, she really felt like this could've been a turkey. 

A very large and... very angry... turkey...

"Hey, does the bird... Da Gong, ah, it looks like he doesn't like me?" Pan Shuchun leans in to loudly whisper into Tang Muxin's ear. She didn't bother lowering her voice but she quickly wished she did as the rooster, who had only been occasionally looking at her menacingly immediately turned his head and fiercely glared at her with his piercingly silver eyes. 

Even though it was just a bird, and had shouldn't have any facial muscles capable of expressing human emotions, it still felt weirdly clear that Da Gong was expressing great disgust and disdain. 

Pan Shuchun who has disgusted and been disdained by a cock: '...'

Seeing Da Gong's contemptuous gaze for once wasn't against herself, Tang Muxin felt both sympathetic and a faint sense of superiority toward Pan Shuchun. Patting the other woman on the shoulder, "Don't worry." 

Pan Shuchun: ...Oh, thanks. 

Her fan really was the shy introverted type. Pan Shuchun sort of wished she could say a few more words nonetheless.   

Getting to the lobby, they saw all the men in the group were already present. Though Meng Meng looked distinctively uncomfortable and unhappy, standing a few feet away from Yan Huizhong and Ye Cheng. And who could blame him? The sickly sweet smell of love could be smelt the moment you entered the room.

Yan Huizhong was sitting on his wheelchair as usual, but this time Ye Cheng, this big bulky young man, was sitting on top of his lap with a faint flush on his face. A possessive arm wrapped around his waist kept him from leaving despite the shameful position. Yan Huizhong seemed to take great delight in seeing the younger man embarrassed and shy and would whisper quietly into the other's ear while occasionally stealing Ye Cheng's tofu. 

Despite his naturally beautiful face, it was ruined by his own expression as he stared heatedly at Ye Cheng. It really looked like a lecherous emperor indulging in his new favourite concubine. Maybe because the prince was wearing a mask and hiding his identity he had completely thrown away his previous princely dignity and blatantly showed off his shameless beastly side. 

Seeing the arrival of Tang Muxin, Duan Mengyao, who had originally stood next to the pairing but had slowly ended up moving further and further away in an attempt to dissociate the nauseating couple with himself, acted like he saw his life saving grace. 

Bounding up like a large loyal dog to his owner who just arrived Duan Mengyao greeted Tang Muxin with bright eyes before his expression immediately cools back to his usual stone faced neutral expression as he presents a standard greeting to Pan Shuchun.

Pan Shuchun: '...' Do you have to be so blatant? Even if she was blind and deaf she could tell that this guy was so perfunctory with her that she might as well be air. 

"-and this is Cao Huizhong and Ye Cheng..." Tang Muxin fell silent as she finally saw the pair after being blocked by Duan Mengyao's large figure. 

Ye Cheng slapped the prince's wandering pig trotters and quickly stood up to say hello with only a faint flush to his cheeks. "Greetings miss, I am Ye Cheng, this is Cao Huizhong."

Cao Huizhong merely snorted coldly. He had no intention of bothering with some random woman right now when he could be spending more time with his Ye Cheng. Only after being stared at by Ye Cheng did he reluctantly give a half hearted nod, and a very curt, "Good morning."

Pan Shuchun: '...' This group of people is really rude ah. 

Still compared with the fake snobbish courtesy rampant in the capital she felt it was a little refreshing. Irritating. But in a refreshing way.

Luckily Tang Muxin and Ye Cheng gave her enough face and were comfortable enough to talk with. Ye Cheng especially was very compatible with herself she personally felt. 

Both of them were chatty, pragmatic and loves money, plus in terms of business she was an upcoming young talent that needed a supplier to satisfy her various needs in designing and Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin were new merchants who had various rare supplies. Even if their personalities were like fire and water they would still insist on making friends just for that last reason alone.

Pan Shuchun was so delighted with this fortunate turn of events that not only did she forget about the whole unanswered giant rooster and dragon thing, but she even insisted that they could eat at this inn for free for as long as they stay. 

It should be known the food was really good. Pan Shuchun understood the simple concept that you can attract customers with gimmicks but you can only keep them with quality. From the customer service to the pillows, each thing were all more than satisfactory. As a fashionable woman she knew a lot of diets and meal plans and therefore had a little cooking skill. All she needed was to hire a good cook with decent skill and an honest personality, then it just became a matter of giving them a few pointers and ideas. 

Ye Cheng after hearing that this expensive place was partly owned by Pan Shuchun was practically ready to kneel and worship her as his grandmother. "You really are amazing," He said emotionally. The price for a few night's stay here was enough to choke him, and yet this lady of a similar age to himself was responsible for helping make such an expensive establishment. The capital was truly on another level ah.

"I think you're pretty amazing yourself," Pan Shuchun sincerely admits as she admires the precious stones glittering in her hands. In order to show their abilities Ye Cheng had gone to his room to take a few small baubles they were planning to sell among other things to gain enough money to buy a shop. While Ye Cheng understood what they gained during their journey was expensive, Pan Shuchun who had a better understanding on what's trending in the capital's markets had a much better idea at how valuable these things were.

And she was deeply impressed and shocked.

If she gets her hands on these things... the price tags of her clothes, no, her clothing itself would immediately go up three levels!

If Ye Cheng was ready to call her grandma, Pan Shuchun had already recognised this group of merchants as her long lost ancestors ah!

Tang Muxin was happy to see that Pan Shuchun didn't disdain their merchant status and even wholeheartedly wished to do business with them, especially after seeing a few of their products at hand. 

However looking at the increasingly gloomy faces of Yan Huizhong and Duan Mengyao she also knew it wasn't good to keep insisting that they should continue to hang out with Pan Shuchun for the whole. Ye Cheng may not fully comprehend it but she certainly was very well aware that those two men had a short deadline before they were forced to leave them. Both were anxious to spend as much time as they could making happy memories and personally Tang Muxin fully understood and also wished for the same. 

If Pan Shuchun hadn't randomly popped up she would have definitely chosen to take this short period to indulge herself but unfortunately the old saying 'man proposes, god disposes' still rings true. 

'Let her babysit me and Da Gong,' Jia Hyson suddenly piped up, interrupting her musings. 'That way you guys can enjoy yourselves without worry and I can determine what's this person's deal.'

It was a lie to say that Tang Muxin wasn't tempted by the idea. After all it was a bit like she was an office lady who had been working throughout the year and was finally given a week off only to have her boss call her in and ask her to complete a pile of documents the day before her holiday. Now that her coworker offered to take the work for her she felt a mixture of gratefulness and guilt. 

Jia Hyson lazily waves his tail. As a fellow chinese how can he not know that Tang Muxin was going to start a typical polite back and forth where she would insist that his sacrifice wasn't necessary and he would insist back that it certainly was and she deserved to relax etc etc. Honestly, it was like fighting for the bill at dinner. 

'Tsk, don't start acting coquettish with me.' He scolds before she even says anything, 'Girl, I already have a nice fat cock at my service, and even Ye Cheng managed to get some last night. What about you ah? Are you just going to leave whatever it is with Meng Meng undefined? Just go ah. Sure Da Gong won't be happy about it but I can easily calm him down ah.'

Single dog Tang Muxin: '...'

Tang Muxin became even more embarrassed the more he talked. But Jin Bao made a lot of sense and she was indeed looking forward to spending some alone time with Duan Mengyao and see if her feelings were as deep as what she expected. Suddenly, she accurately grasped the most important part of what Jin Bao had said to her.

Tang Muxin: 'Wait... so does that mean you let him chase me back there?'

Jia Hyson: '...'

Jia Hyson:   'Maybe-?' 

Tang Muxin:  




Da Gong was indeed not happy about being babysat. For one, being asked to be babysat was very demeaning in itself. For another, he also wanted to have a date with his little worm!

Seeing the pairs of humans wave good bye to them with no intention of bringing them away Da Gong immediately understood and fluffed his feathers indignantly. 

Even Ye Cheng his most trusted human just gave him a playful wink before running off with the crippled male human with a woman's face. 

Aaaaahh! Humans! were! terrible! 

Pan Shuchun also did not know how she managed to agree to pet sitting to these relative strangers. But she liked both Tang Muxin and Ye Cheng a lot, and the moment the idea was voiced, even the sullen and reticent large man, and the rude, scowling but annoyingly beautiful man, immediately voiced their enthusiastic approval. 

However it was true she was very curious about these animals. Ye Cheng told her that Da Gong was incredibly smart for a chicken and more or less understood human speech and Tang Muxin said Jin Bao was just as intelligent as any adult human. 

Looking at them she obviously notices that the large rooster was fluffed up. It was kind of cute. She heard birds do that when they get emotionally high strung or something. Could the rooster be getting separation anxiety? 

Pan Shuchun felt a little softhearted at that and reached to pat the bird. To be honest, every girl has the dream of having a super fluffy, sentient animal friend at least once in their life. Da Gong was a large bird and he was not only a very good looking rooster but even his feathers were clean, glossy and lustrous, it looked very good to touch. 

Jin Bao was also very cute, but he was still a reptile. Pan Shuchun liked birds and cats the most so subconsciously she was more interested in Da Gong. 

Jia Hyson: Suddenly I inexplicably feel like my affection for this transmigrator has plummeted.

Even though Da Gong was upset, he forced himself to accept the humiliating head pat obediently. No matter how he cursed the humans, he knew they understood their place on the hierarchy and would never wrong him like this without a reason. From his observation Tang Muxin and his small worm seemed interested in this human. He should therefore have been assigned the important task of determining if this new human was trustworthy.

After all, the two male humans chosen by his little worm were pretty fucking useless things. It wasn't good to bring in more shady pig teammates that bring nothing but numbers to the flock ah.

Shady pig teammates Yan Huizhong and Duan Mengyao: '...Sorry we've been so fucking useless.' 

Unexpectedly though, the moment Pan Shuchun touched him, she immediately pulled her hand back like she had experienced a shock of electricity, her expression contorting. If she hadn't been wearing contacts, they may have seen her eye colors flicker and flash. 

However they didn't so other than her strange and abrupt action, both Da Gong and Jia Hyson didn't notice anything else, merely confused at her reaction. This... was she suddenly disdaining Da Gong's head? 

How audacious! 

Seeing the looks of increasing blame toward her, Pan Shuchun chuckled dryly and touched her glabella, "Sorry, sorry, I just suddenly had a neck spasm as I was leaning down. I get them a lot lately, I suppose I've been working too long on my designs."

Da Gong's hackles lowered at the explanation and nodded his head regally to show his understanding. If it was due to an injury then he could not be petty and begrudge the human for such coincidental timing. 

Jia Hyson however couldn't help but look at her perplexedly. Before she was treating them as pets and didn't really understand how smart they were which was understandable. If you hear that a dog is smart you would still be inclined to treat them like a dog. It's only after a while of interaction can one fully understand their comprehension abilities. So how come all of sudden she was giving them a proper explanation like equals? 

It was suspicious. 

However even with Bebe's basic scan it couldn't pick up anything. Jia Hyson was tempted to ask for an advanced scan but quickly dropped the idea. Bebe could get a lot of permanent skills but apparently in order to prevent there being a saturation of permanent skills and a lack of systems buying, some things like scanning had to be bought by plan. Basic scanning was free but more intricate stuff you needed to get an advanced scan subscription plan or higher. 

They were a little rich now but Jia Hyson had the mindset to try save all the points where he could. Pan Shuchun's reaction was odd but not enough to pay 550p a month okay? 

Bebe: 'To be honest, Bebe had an ultra-premium platinum-class scanning membership before that could be supported by Bebe's large wallet of system points alone ah. Tsk, it's a little sad thinking about it.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Seriously how fucking expensive was that laser cannon? (   ) Were you fucking scammed?!

Hearing Bebe reminiscing about its past riches Jia Hyson was so angry he completely pushed the matter from his mind. 

Da Gong also ignored it after the initial offended outrage. The misunderstanding was cleared up and he was too lazy to fight with some human he had to accompany for a day. Instead he sulkily rubbed his head against the smooth scales of his little worm for comfort. 

Only Pan Shuchun looked dazed and unable to get over it, looking at her hands like it was the first time she had seen them. Only after being impatiently pecked by Da Gong did she snap out of it and left to show the two animals where she usually worked.

Keeping a calm face Pan Shuchun inwardly let out a torrent of abuse in her mind. 

That's right, even though Da Gong wasn't stimulated, she was. As a shard with both yin and yang present she was considered at a 'stable and balanced' state. Only after touching an 'unstable' yin shard like Da Gong can she be provoked. 

However to Da Gong he will be unaffected by the reaction unless he interacts with his 'unstable' yang counterpart and is stimulated by a split second change in state from 'unstable' to momentarily 'stable'. 

Simply put, its a matter of triggering a change of state that is one of the rules to stimulate the shardpiece. 

It is like if a neutral zero is added to a negative one, the result is the state of the zero during this interaction becomes negative and the negative one is unaffected. However if a negative one is added to a positive one, the result is a neutral zero meaning both numbers have changed their states. 

Pan Shuchun glances at the fierce but ultimately oblivious eyes of the rooster and curses harder in her mind.

What the fuck happened?! Why did she end up in an ancient Chinese world?! Out of all the mistakes how could the world's consciousness pick her ahhhhh?!

Even though she had this panic attack once, this second time was because she grasped about 80-90% context thanks to her new memories. Her life as Pan Shuchun was seriously not meant to veer in this direction! She wasn't meant to be a transmigrated character at all! She was meant to be the great rival character turned best friend to a protagonist in a fashion-based world plot! 

This was really beyond fucking ridiculous. Unfortunately while she had gained self awareness and a new understanding to her identity she had not gained any power other than a small boost in intelligence and a more in-depth knowledge in computer programs and hacking.

Of course... given they were in ancient china that sort of skill might as well just lay down and die ah. _(>:3)_

Honestly, if this was a story where she had to fulfill her character obligations this would be a glitch that would cause an automatic fail. Luckily, that wasn't so. 

After venting in her heart she quickly calmed down and gestures the two animals to follow her closely. Walking toward her shop Pan Shuchun felt upon some self-reflection that in retrospect there wasn't anything wrong. 

All she needed to do was live her life until this life ends. In a way this twist in fate was also a fortune in itself. 

After all, experiencing such a rare occurrence will undoubtedly put her at an advantage against those 'unstable' idiots. Though...

She glances at Da Gong with mixed emotions. She only knew she was a shard of something called a Royal system as well as the identity of this body in accordance to the world the body belonged to and finally, the reason she, a shard, was here in the first place. As a shard she had a simple mission. This Da Gong was in the same situation as herself though completely unaware for now. 

She was still blind to the information about this world and what part this rooster leads or doesn't lead. However the shard occupying that body is quite cruel to himself to choose such a life for himself. 

Though to be honest, Pan Shuchun intuitively felt that was quite natural for a yin shard ah. Pragmatic, cold, ruthless. 

But that has it's benefits clearly. Being a rooster, consorting with a dragon, experiencing a journey- what a unique life, one hard to replicate and copy. 

For the sake of the goals of her shards that have both yin and yang, wouldn't it be best to try... shorten such a rare life? 

The thought passes her mind for a second before she shrugs it off. While she has this new information, the memories of this life is still hers. Her perspective and morality on things are of a normal young lady's in modern times. To kill someone for the sake of hindering a rival is too pathetic a reason for such a harsh crime. 

She sighs. It's really a pity how good her three world views are. Once Da Gong lives out his life it could be said that the yin faction would probably temporarily surpass the yang faction and herself. 

The only comfort was a rooster shouldn't live very long ah, their lifespans are generally about 5 to 8 years. Pan Shuchun didn't know what's wrong with Da Gong to be so big and domineering but she predicted that at the very least the rooster would have two to three years left at most. As long as she lives a good long life and gain many experiences and joys and sorrows, she should be able to narrow the gap a bit given her own unique situation. 

By the time Pan Shuchun mentally sorted everything out more or less, they had arrived at her store. No matter her newfound memories and amazing identity, she was still Pan Shuchun and had great pride in this store that she ran with her blood, sweat and tears. 

Just seeing how there were women and even some men waiting in line in front of her door was enough to make her energetic like she was being injected with chicken blood.

Some of her regulars immediately noticed her and greeted her with a raised voice. While it was considered quite vulgar to shout on the streets, sometimes pride was more important than manners. Many noble men and women loved to show off their connections, especially if they brought friends as well. 

Pan Shuchun immediately understood and gave a large smile, trotting up to greet the people who called out to her. Her mouth was slick and sweet like honey and not only did the people save face in front of others, under the barrage of praise and a promise to give them and their friends a discount they even earned some looks of envy and admiration making them even more satisfied with the shop. 

Meanwhile the other customers could only grit their teeth and wish for this sort of treatment. After all everyone, no matter how shy or introverted, will feel good when they have something they perceive as 'special' to them. This is especially the case for the upper class who love face. 

To be personally greeted by the upcoming and controversially successful clothing shop Pure Beauty Designs was considered the modern equivalent of being online friends with a famous YouTuber and even being mentioned on their videos. It wasn't particularly prestigious but it was enough to brag about and feel smug over. It was especially effective in bringing in the melon seed eaters, stabilising customer loyalty and promoting a positive public opinion.

Jia Hyson who was being soothed by Da Gong's large feathery body, didn't really care about this sort of simple business strategy. After all, it was pretty similar to his own publicity stunts and strategies to promote his books, both online and offline, this sort of personal fan interaction was always a basic must. 

Da Gong was even more simple. She wasn't his worm, or his human, so he didn't really care unless she does something suspicious.

Pan Shuchun, who was ignored by the animals: '...'

Seeing that her queue and visible popularity did not interest the two at all, Pan Shuchun's professional business smile stiffened slightly. 

Aiyah, she missed her number one fan ah. She and the cute friendly young man would probably be impressed with her. 

Instead she was showing around a pair of animals who rather show off their interspecies romance. Worse than that, one of those animals interested in hardcore interspecies romances was technically once a part of herself. How depressing.

...

Pure Beauty Designs was neither small nor very large. It was two floors with the bottom floor the main shop where various outfits and accessories were shown off. Only a few of each article of clothing was available for people to touch and admire, all in slightly different sizes. 

This was to minimise any loss in possible theft. If anyone wanted to buy something, they would have to ask one of the clerks to come and take the clothes of their preferred size from the storage room, similar to how shoe shops work. 

The top floor was considered the 'exclusive' area. Only VIP members could enter and see the newest designs which have been drawn up or even see them half-done on mannequins, and pre-order them with the promise to be the first people to wear them for a week. There was also unique one off limited edition accessories and clothes they were able to claim as VIPs and can even book fashion consultations with Pan Shuchun herself. 

Jia Hyson who climbed up the staircase with Da Gong decided to explore this floor as it wasn't crowded and provided more access to Pan Shuchun's thought process. Looking at the sleek but slightly cluttered room, it gave off an artsy vibe that barely just skimmed the threshold of disgustingly messy. However maybe because of this, it made one feel more comfortable and relaxed, easier to let down their hackles and let the conversation flow. 

'It's not bad,' Da Gong reluctantly praised as he flapped his wings and jumped onto a large and comfortable looking lounge chair. Jia Hyson raised his body up and gave the bird a soft snout nuzzle on his feathery chest before dropping back down on all fours and choosing to crawl around the area to explore. 

Da Gong snorted with faint dissatisfaction but immediately jumped down from his comfortable perch to follow his curious little worm. After all, it wouldn't do if he got hurt ah.

Da Gong: Aiyah the things he does for his silly little worm. <(,,  ,,)>

After a while Jia Hyson explored further to the back of the room. It was quite clever actually, there was a somewhat hidden space at the back of the rather open floor design. Because of it's more cluttered design, it was hard to notice the room was actually smaller than it should be. 

However what sort of dragon would Jia Hyson be if he couldn't see through such a trick? Maybe in his original body, or even Farrell's body with its high physical specs, he would have some trouble figuring it out for a while, but a dragon's specs simply could not be compared to humans. His spatial memory among other things had seemed to improve the more he develops. 

...It's a pity he couldn't keep this increase given since he technically didn't earn it ah. 

Bebe: 'You're right, it is a pity.'

Jia Hyson: 'Speaking of things people technically didn't earn, how much have you abused our unlimited wi-fi plan huh?'

Bebe: '...Bebe misses the times host thought Bebe was cute and flawless.'

Jia Hyson: 'Oh. Then it's clear you didn't miss anything ah.'  

Bebe: ;-;

Curious Jia Hyson walks around to try find if there was any faint indent or crack or some sort of optical illusion in the walls to suggest an opening or hidden door. Tapping his tail on the surface just to make sure. However there didn't seem to be anything. 

There were two relatively large wardrobes on either side of the wall he was investigating, however when he opened them, it was merely filled with clothes and a full length bronze mirror on the inside of the doors. Of course now that he had scoured the walls, Jia Hyson felt like he needs to revisit these two wardrobes.

Opening the first one which was facing opposite the staircase Jia Hyson went past the clothes rack and looked around. There was a small five drawer storage unit in the corner of the wardrobe. Opening the lowest drawer, Jia Hyson just saw an assortment of lovely necklaces and bracelets placed lovingly on the surface.

The drawer above was a bunch of scarves and some more necklaces. And then the top three were a variety of shoes. Jia Hyson immediately dropped back down onto all fours after seeing them, bored. Other than Cinderella's Glass slipper, he had never been very interested in shoe fashion. 

Da Gong who was silently following him merely glanced around and couldn't be more disinterested. It seemed the bird was very unenthusiastic about all these clothes. A little annoyed he bent down and lightly pecked Jia Hyson's tail before lifting it up with his beak, pulling childishly like a kid tugging at his mother's clothes for attention.

Jia Hyson squeaked in surprise before twisting his body around and lightly clawing at Da Gong in a coquettish admonition. "Don't bully me ah-" He whined, the tip of his tail wiggling without force in Da Gong's mouth. It curled and lightly tickled Da Gong's face each time it moved back and forth, teasing the bird.

Finding something finally of interest to him, the rooster shook his head stubbornly and continued to hold the tail within his beak. However he was still very considerate, giving his little worm freedom to move around as he obediently follows behind, not letting his little worm feel uncomfortable or too stretched out. 

Jia Hyson: 'I kind of feel like I'm taking a dog out for a walk ah.'

Bebe: 'Really? Bebe see's the opposite ah.'

Dog Jia Hyson: ...  

Reaching the back of the wardrobe didn't take long as it wasn't a very deep wardrobe and Jia Hyson was already quite large in size. Using the back of his claws he knocked against the wooden wall, his sensitive ears pricking up and confirming his conjecture. There was empty space behind the wooden wall of the wardrobe.

With a bit more force, Jia Hyson tries to push the wall. Sadly it wasn't so simple.

He wasn't willing to exert anymore force lest he break the whole thing entirely. But he did at least determine this wardrobe, maybe even both of them, led to a hidden space. After a few seconds of thought he put his claw up against the wall and tried to slide it. The wood shifted a little with his movement but ultimately stalled after a few millimetres, clearly blocked by something.

Jia Hyson's eyes lit up. So there was some kind of mechanism. Pan Shuchun really was a clever little cookie ah. She would probably get along well with Yan Huizhong given the opportunity. The only person in the group she didn't have overlapping interests in was Meng Meng really. 

And really, who even cared about him ah?

Meng Meng who nobody cares about: '...' Why was this story so cruel to him? QwQ

Circling around the area with a rooster plodding behind, Jia Hyson touched his snout in some frustration, unable to figure out what could be the mechanism to open the door. 

"Baby?" Sensing his irritation, Da Gong finally let go of his tail and comfortingly brushed his wing feathers against his scales, making Jia Hyson shiver a little at the ticklish sensation. "What's wrong?"

Jia Hyson hesitates but finally decides not to say. For one thing, he wanted to exercise his brain muscles and figure it out himself. For another... it would be awfully embarrassing if he got outshone by his handsome and domineering rooster boyfriend in intelligence. 

"Just trying to think about something," Jia Hyson explains, before his bright golden eyes glitter with mischievous flirtation as he brushes his tail teasingly around the bird's magnificent tail feathers. "But I wouldn't mind a cuddle to destress."

Da Gong clucked, a little flustered, his worm was being so forward! Asking to cuddle in the closet where anyone could see them. How perverted.

He... quite liked it, tsk. (,,,,)

Bebe:   ...Da Gong, you've changed.

After a few minutes of cuddling, Jia Hyson could feel his mood visibly improve. Somewhat reluctantly he extracted himself from his entanglement with a sleepy Da Gong who clucked his dissatisfaction before closing his eyes and continuing to nap. 

Now refreshed and more clear-headed, Jia Hyson realised that there was something off with the drawer in the wardrobe. Generally shoes are placed on the bottom of the drawers and such beautiful, pricey looking necklaces would be more on the upper levels. It's strange to have it as the reversed.

The drawers weren't really too high, below Pan Shuchun's shoulder at least. That meant she put the shoes up there for easier access for herself. However those shoes were more or less very modern style. 

The wedges might become a bit popular but those stilettos and pumps wouldn't have caught on well given the amount of walking, standing and such women have to experience. Plus everyone still wears long robes, there wasn't much appeal in decorating what is always hidden to the more pragmatic ancients and the roads were unpaved and bumpy too. No one was willing to risk unnecessary injury from these shoes given the rather questionable success rate of recovery. Therefore they shouldn't be as popular as the basic accessories and jewellery which conversely should've be placed in a position of better accessibility. 

So clearly there was something there right?

Standing up and extending his body, Jia Hyson reached up with his claws and opened the third drawer. There were three rows of six pairs of shoes of varying design and type. The only thing that they shared was a similar cool colour scheme. Underneath the shoes was a pattern of polka dots that covered the inside of the drawer that he didn't pay much attention to before. Looking closely, these weren't just polka dots like he had initially thought but small holes of varying size and depth. 

But now he felt it was more than a bit strange. After all, polka dots weren't a popular pattern choice for a lot of things, especially in ancient china which preferred nature inspired patterning. And even then there was no need to cause indents into the wood like this. 

Many small black holes in such an enclosed space as well can also easily inspire Trypophobia in people and arouse feelings of disgust and repulsion. Jia Hyson doesn't really suffer much from this fear but even he felt a shudder of disgust the more he looks at it. 

He's read that research has believed that this sort of phobia stems from an evolutionary basis in humans, causing biological revulsion as a result of associating these trypophobic shapes with danger or disease to the body. 

While he doesn't know for sure, he's fairly confident in the hypothesis that ancient people would probably have a higher chance at triggering some level of trypophobia in them. After all, disease, insects, and such were all much more prevalent during this period and unlike in modern times the associated danger was much more profound. Logically their ingrained fears for this sort of visual stimulation would therefore be greater. 

He opens the bottom two drawers and notes that the inside of the drawer was painted completely back, different from the shoe drawers. The trigger was most likely the three drawers then. 

Aiyah, Pan Shuchun should try introducing escape rooms here. Jia Hyson felt like she would be pretty good at it.

Swinging his tail enthusiastically Jia Hyson uses his mystery solving skills and powers of observation before zoning on a pair of rather inconspicuous black kitten heels. The shape of the heels was a bit strange and after tipping over one of them he noticed the heel cap was sharp and had a faint indent on it. 

A key. And the lock was probably one of these holes. 

Normal people would definitely struggle with this unless they were given enough time, and even then the ensuing step would be incredibly frustrating to say the least. Luckily Jia Hyson was not only a dragon, but a lucky dragon.

"One, two, three, four, five..." Jia Hyson mutters under his breath as the tip of his tail wavers between the various holes all around the drawer. "Climb the Mountain to catch the tiger... cannot catch a tiger... caught a small squirrel... Um.. How many squirrels?"

Bebe: 'This is how you're going to pick? You're so fucking childish.'

"Shut up," He snaps, "Where was I? Ah, right... Let me count, Count them forward, count them backward, one, two, three, four, five... This one!"

With that he triumphantly sticks the heel cap into the hole. After a bit of twisting there was a faint click sound. 

Trying to slide the door again there was a bit more rattling but it still stayed put. It seems he needed to do the same for the other two drawers. Jia Hyson expected as much ah. 

Testing his good luck he didn't even bother to look as he used his flexible prehensile tail to grasp a random shoe and fit it into whatever slot he felt like. Both times it worked perfectly. And just when he turned around to go try slide the door again, his tail accidentally hit a shoe, causing it to twist into a nearby hole causing a clicking sound. 

Jia Hyson and Bebe: '...' Huh.

It seems there were four mechanisms, not three like he had thought.

'Fuck me. It's a pity there's no lottery in this world ah.' Jia Hyson sighs, stunned even by his own luckiness. After all his lucky powers have manly manifested in helping Tang Muxin. As a salted fish character who is just selling meng and cracking jokes he really didn't have much he wanted to do that luck could help with until now. 

'Agreed.' Bebe also sighs, 'There's a weekly BeBay shop lottery which starting price is at 200p but that's only applicable to bronze rank member shoppers and above. Even then to apply for membership a host has to go through at least seven worlds to be eligible.' 

'Fuuuuck. Why would you tell me that?' Who doesn't know the system shop lottery would have good things? And with his current lucky constitution there was a guarantee he wouldn't eat a loss. It was okay when he didn't know about it but now that he did he was filled with all sorts of regret and yearning ahhh. 'Is there some sort of mystery gift box or something then we could buy?'

'There is.' Bebe answers, 'But it always comes onto the market randomly ah. It hasn't even appeared in the last few decades you know? If it did come up Bebe would have told you immediately. Unfortunately it only comes when you least expect it. That's what makes it extra mysterious-'

Jia Hyson: '...' Fuck your extra mysterious.

Giving up in trying to do something more with his luck, Jia Hyson slid open the now unlocked hidden door. Despite his previous mood he was still quite excited to see the inside. 

Jumping down from the drawers Jia Hyson circles around the napping Da Gong and softly nuzzles him with his snout. "Darling? You want to follow me inside?"

Da Gong opened his eyes and shook himself awake like a dog shaking away the water from his fur. "Tsk, is there any need to ask?" He would follow his little worm anywhere. 

The hidden room turned out to be Pan Shuchun's personal office which was pretty expected. The most eye-catching thing was the physical items she had gained from the system side tasks. Most notably was the large Beautiful Goddess's Manual Sparkling Sewing Machine. It was pink and covered in glitter and you could even see what looked like some seriously obnoxious anime sparkle effects. 

Jia Hyson stared at it, then stared at his own rather sparkling gold body and fell silent. 

What's this strange feeling of self-conscious anger for being out-sparkled by a sewing machine?

"Da Gong, whose shinier? Me or that?" Jia Hyson demanded, claw pointing at the accused sewing machine, still throwing out anime sparkles like rice at a wedding. 

Da Gong who had never experienced or learnt about the classic minefield questions in a relationship that television has constantly told people were impossible to answer such as 'Do you think I look fat in this x?' or 'If you were to choose between your mum and myself, who would you choose?' or 'How's your ex doing?' did not think and honestly clucked, "Isn't it obvious that the other thing is clearly shinier than you?"

Jia Hyson: "Heh." ()

With a humph, Jia Hyson turns his face away from the confused bird and trots around the room. Obviously he would not take it out on Da Gong, after all, he knew that Da Gong would still rather look at his cute self than some metal machine, but that didn't mean he was pleased by this answer either. It was fine to act sulky for a few minutes before coming back to educate the bird on the best way to answer this question for future reference. 

Bebe: 'And what's the best way to answer?'

Jia Hyson: 'It is okay to honestly admit the truth but you have to make it up with other honest praises and maybe a few lies such as 'The machine is shinier than you but it is too much, so gaudy and harmful to the eyes, unlike you who shines beautifully and soothes even blind men's eyes.'' As a veteran playboy he more or less knew how to skillfully handle such questions. 

Bebe: '...'   Well, you do you Bebe supposes. 

Da Gong, sensing the sudden cold attitude of his usually sticky worm panicked for a moment and tried to think about what could cause such a sudden change in attitude. Luckily it seems his worm was not too upset and stayed in the room with him, so while the rooster was a bit flustered he knew he didn't do anything too bad. After some careful thought he felt like... It was his response to the question? 

Immediately he glares at the sewing machine. How dare it be so shiny and make his little worm upset! Tsk! He will remember this! ()

Beautiful Goddess's Manual Sparkling Sewing Machine: I'm really being fucking wronged here. 

Pan Shuchun's room was filled with various sketches and boxes of money. Some of the boxes were easily accessible and there were some that were well hidden, probably a countermeasure. It showed that the woman was careful, maybe bordering on paranoid. But honestly it was probably a good thing all things considered. 

Jia Hyson wasn't too interested in the money, after all, he was a man who has seen wealth. And while he covets it he knows when to be greedy and when not too ah. Besides.. since he was planning to recruit Pan Shuchun this will be all his later hehehehehehehehehe.

Instead he climbs up onto the table and looks at the various papers. For some reason paper wasn't expensive as hell here but hey, dragons also exist and now so does counterfeit Hello Kitty hair clips, so he supposes there's no point in nitpicking is there? 

Looking at the sketches he could see a wide range of clothing designs. From normal classic beautiful han fu with a few alterations to fabric and pattern, to more modern and controversial designs that were just tiptoeing on what could be considered acceptable clothing in this period. However there were even more papers crumpled up or violently scribbled scattered across the room and desk. 

Jia Hyson uncrumpled a few and looks at the rejected designs and sighs emotionally. 

Every designer has their own style and aesthetic. Unfortunately it seems like Pan Shuchun's preferences were not suitable for this conservative time. The rejected drawings were full of wild and handsome clothing. Men's designs had some touches of femininity yet the overall look was still striking and sexy. The female's in contrast were full of masculinity yet not to the point that it completely smothered a women's sex appeal, showing off the handsomeness of a woman rather than the petite beauty. 

In short her style seemed to be based on something similar to the concept of 'androgyny' or at least a mixture of gender norms with a punk-ish, rebellious flair. Unfortunately ancient china was never well known for their punk aesthetic ah.

'It's pretty good stuff,' Jia Hyson comments internally to Bebe. 'Really a pity.'

Bebe makes a noise of agreement. 

After a while of admiring fashion, Jia Hyson realised that he had forgotten something quite important.

That was the call of nature that every complex living organism has.

Without Tang Muxin, he couldn't communicate with anyone but Da Gong about his need to go to the bathroom. 

This usually wasn't a big deal of course. He was a big baby dragon and knew how to do his business on his own ah. However this was the middle of the capital city, it wasn't like he could go behind a bush right now. It was all shops and road and such.

Not only was he, himself, more eye-catching, so was his... excretions. If he went out to try find somewhere private he would almost certainly be a victim of kidnapping that may or may not end up with either Jia Hyson killing someone thanks to his current rather homicidal mood swings, or Da Gong killing someone because let's be honest, he's always a little homicidal especially in regards to people taking his people.

And while personally, Jia Hyson doesn't really care about the life or death of dragon kidnappers, he doesn't want that sort of over the top brutality and gore in this rather laid back plot. Especially when it all starts with him needing the toilet.

Call him crazy, but he isn't exactly a fan of knowing that people will be reading about how he takes a shit okay? Scat was not his thing. Watersports was a tentative okay though. Unfortunately dragons, like a lot of reptiles, don't produce liquid urine so that was off the table ah.

Bebe: 'You know, you being Bebe's host must be the accumulation of a lifetime worth of sins.'

Jia Hyson: 'Oo-h baby, what sort of sins have you been committing? You naughty system, you-?'

Bebe, monotonously: 'Oh no. You caught Bebe. The truth is Bebe has been brutally slaughtering all the hosts Bebe finds beneath Bebe. Congratulations on being Bebe's eighteenth victim.   Teehee. Would you like to die by your anus exploding or a castration gone wrong?'

Jia Hyson: '...' Bebe you've changed. 

Jia Hyson wisely decides to stop talking to Bebe for a while. After all, he knew this was probably due to his own crazy rubbing off on the other but you know what they say, the hardest person to deal with is a person just like yourself ah. 

After some thought he also silently increases Bebe's monthly game allowance. Hopefully that'll put the system in a better mood when it finds out ah. At least in a mood where his cute anus and dick won't be threatened.

And so the system-host relationship was once again barely maintained.

Unfortunately the same couldn't be said by Jia Hyson's dignity and his bowels ah. 

...

Pan Shuchun finally managed to pull herself away from the ground floor. It was hard ah, she was still training her new workers and people were more inclined to ask for her than the others given the high degree of trust she cultivated. Usually she wouldn't mind, but Pan Shuchun knew she had a yin shard running around upstairs and was a little worried. 

Seeing no bird or dragon was present, Pan Shuchun felt the veins in her forehead throb before immediately running to the wardrobe across from her. Flinging open the door, the sight of the messed up drawers and open sliding door made not just her veins throb but the corner of her mouth and her eyes too. 

She got twitchy when stressed and anxious. Sue her.

However, surprisingly enough, the room was fairly untouched. The rooster with the yin shard was sitting and facing the corner of the room like he was in a time out corner. However seeing her, he immediately raised his wings angrily, clucking furiously.

Confused, and a bit intimidated, she turns her head and sees...

A pair of wide, shocked golden eyes stare up at Pan Shuchun, a shiny golden tail lifted upwards toward his corner of the room. Because the floor was wooden, everyone could hear the audible 'clink' sound of a jade nugget hitting the floor. 

Jia Hyson: ...

Pan Shuchun: ...

Jia Hyson had to say, this was definitely one of his most mortifying moments right now. 

After he was done he scuttled away to Da Gong and buried his face into his feathers. Da Gong immediately did his best to cover his little worm up with his wing feathers in distress, as if he could protect him from the world. Silver eyes glare accusingly at Pan Shuchun while Jia Hyson whimpers and whines in his wings. It was the sort of glare one would give to the pervert who defiled their daughter. 

Pan Shuchun: ...

Helplessly she ignores the pair of distressed animals and grabs a discarded sketch of hers from the ground to use to pick up the poop. She had a lot of things to say but it can all wait until she can clean up whatever mess dragon poop makes.

However when she got closer to the corner, she realised there was no mess at all. 

Squatting down, she picks up a steaming lump of... warm jade. It was almost transparent, with a vibrant emerald green colour and was smooth to touch. As a chinese fashionista she could tell this was probably the finest quality of jadeite. Imperial jade. One of the most expensive gems in the world.

She had been recently looking for a jade supplier, especially because she recently had gotten a custom order for a young but doted on princess' birthday who loved jade. 

Who knew it could be supplied like this?

Out of a dragon's asshole?

Pan Shuchun: ...

Suddenly she didn't know what to feel about jade anymore.




Jia Hyson hugged Da Gong. He wished to never leave his warm embrace and face the cruel reality that he somehow let some strange woman he had only met today see him shit completely naked for the third time in his life. 

Bebe: '...' There's something wrong with this, but Bebe absolutely refuses to think about it. 

Pan Shuchun was also very embarrassed as she picks up the jade with her scrapped designs and struggles to decide what to do with it. 

On the one hand, this was the best quality jade. Even the royal family had a limited supply and would be willing to give her some face in order to gain this.

On the other hand, this was literal shit. The literal shit of a dragon.

Pan Shuchun: '...What sort of crazy world have I come to?' 

In the end, after soaking it in hot water to assure herself that the jade was sterilized and clean, Pan Shuchun kept it. 

'It's okay; poop can be an expensive commodity anyway.' She comforts herself. After all, isn't the high-class Kopi Luwak coffee she liked back in her original modern world also from poop? In comparison, this is really nothing ah. 

After adjusting her three views, Pan Shuchun quickly got over it and became excited about the potential money she could make from this. She had never seen or heard about anyone else having a dragon or that dragons were even real before, so it's fair to say her little fan Tang Muxin should definitely be a protagonist. 

A protagonist with a golden dragon that shits imperial jade, three men of varying handsomeness-

The three men of varying handsomeness: '...' 

-and a gigantic intelligent rooster thanks to the yin shard.

Pan Shuchun silently decides she must hold their golden thighs. It would be stupid not to. At the very least, by leeching off them, the yin shard will lose some advantages and that in itself was an advantage to her. 

But to be honest, in her mind, the ambitions of the system shard inside her are only secondary to her own. The information she has is vivid, and she doesn't doubt the authenticity, but in terms of emotional investment, it's a little worse than gaining memories of a past life or something. 

The system shard is her, but the life she leads is Pan Shuchun. Though she wouldn't turn down an opportunity to help herself while helping the overall goal of her existence at the same time, she didn't really feel the need to go out of her way to do anything either ah. 

Thinking about that, she looks at the rooster. Da Gong, who was still comforting Jia Hyson, glances at her, then at the jade cupped in her hand before giving her a disgusted look full of repulsion. Even though he was only a bird, Pan Shuchun could clearly see the 'It turns out this human has this sort of interest. What a degenerative pervert. We must protect the children!' 

Pan Shuchun: ...

Well... maybe she could go out of her way to sabotage a little ah. 

...

When the couples came back from their respective dates, they surprisingly did not look so good. 

Ye Cheng merely looked down and depressed, holding a small unconscious puppy carefully in his arms, but Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao had very ugly expressions on. Yan Huizhong was wearing a mask, but any could tell from his eyes that he was probably no less than furious.

Pan Shuchun by then had sort of given up on being a good host to the two animals after the initial tour and had just been chilling with some orange tea on the ground floor while watching with faint disgust as Da Gong and Jin Bao openly threw dog food in her face by feeding each other the snacks she got for them. It was unfortunate that there was literally no entertainment in this place, so this bitter single dog could only let her eyes be blinded. 

Why was she on the ground floor babysitting this damn interspecies couple?

Because if she was going to get blinded, then she damn well will drag others down with her!

Customers: ...You'll lose us with that attitude, you know?

Of course, ancient people were still people. At least 70% of them can be conquered by cute animals. For Pan Shuchun's customers that were primarily young people with less conservative tastes, there was really no resistance. 

Plus, everyone here was superstitious, and Jin Bao was clearly a dragon. Even without the meng being sold, there was many who flocked to the shop once word spread. Most people who came were disbelieving or felt this shop was committing fraud, but for Jia Hyson, who was a genuine mythical beast that could bless people with good luck, this sort of face slapping was only too easy. 

Pan Shuchun, who saw her clothes being sold out at record speed, reaffirmed her desire to hold onto golden thighs. Sipping her tea, she sighs meaningfully. Even if the blatant PDA was too awful, she could endure for her wallet. 

Only when most of the clothes from storage were gone did she finally chase out the majority of the people, leaving only some close regulars she allowed the privilege to stay a bit longer and continue staring at the animals. Luckily Da Gong and Jin Bao weren't the sort of animals that were intimidated by the crowd and were uncomfortable being gawked by onlookers. As long as they had enough space neither of them cared much and both quite liked having a wider audience to stuff their dog food to. 

It was at this moment did Tang Muxin and her group finally arrived. 

Seeing their dark faces, Pan Shuchun jumped out from her seat and chased out the remaining customers as she prepared herself to hug thighs. 

Customers: ...No, seriously, you'll really lose us like that ah.

With a flattering smile she offers the two couples some fresh mint tea. "The scent and flavour of mint is very refreshing, cooling and soothing the body." She explains as she closes the shop and offers them a seat. Glancing at the dog in Ye Cheng's arms, she frowns, "I don't have much in the way of medical equipment right now. I do have some herbal poultice that I made to treat inflammation and promote healing and some things with antibacterial properties. We can also use spare cloth for any open wounds."

Ye Cheng flashes her a grateful smile while the other three's faces ease up with the offered tea and active help. They look to Tang Muxin who was their resident medical expert, seeing she nodded in agreement, Ye Cheng immediately thanked Pan Shuchun.

Seeing their group return, Da Gong and Jia Hyson stopped being an obnoxious couple and trotted to them. Jia Hyson stands up to his full height, which was actually pretty high now, nearly a metre, and raised his arms at Tang Muxin, asking to be picked up.

Da Gong: '...' Baby you'll lose me like this ah. ( ) 

Half way being lifted by Tang, Jia Hyson must have sensed Da Gong's gaze, and twisted himself downwards like the makings of the shiniest pretzel ever and boop-ed the top of the rooster's head before twisting back upwards.

Da Gong: (,,,,)  Never mind, you'll never lose me baby.

Tang Muxin who was suddenly stuffed face first with dog food again: Why must you hurt me so?

While Jia Hyson tried to find a comfortable position, Ye Cheng, who was helping treat the puppy with Pan Shuchun began to talk about his date with Yan Huizhong.

"-it's really awful!" He complains to her emotionally, "Just because they have some relation to the royal family, they think it's okay to abuse everyone."

Apparently, for most of the day, Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong had a lovely and romantic time, however near the end, Ye Cheng had saw some noblemen and ladies bullying a little stray puppy and was very indignant. By coincidence, the nobles had some relation to the crown prince and were incredibly arrogant. 

Yan Huizhong also personally knew them beforehand, but his impression of them were snivelling useless yes-men who were cowardly and were full of flattery and praise. He did not know they were such domineering bullies on the streets. 

When they saw him, the group of idiotic cannon fodder clearly didn't recognize himself and instead chose to jeer at the disabled rich man Yan Huizhong and his servant boy Ye Cheng, angering them both. Maybe because the group had been oppressed by Yan Huizhong so badly before, they immediately felt great dislike for the disguised version of him, this haughty rich cripple, and wished to beat the pair up.

The capital was full of riches, but at the same time, it was also full of apathy. This group of nobles were troublemakers that had only gotten worse in recent times, nobody dared to step out to help. However could the proud Yan Huizhong and protective Ye Cheng take this standing?

Of course not, they beat them until they called them their grandaddies.

Both were supplemented with spiritual energy and were already fairly strong to begin with, these cannonfodders who rely on their names and connections to bully didn't stand a chance. I'm the end they cried and left, threatening them that they won't let this grievance go. This sort of thing, it would be weird to say the romantic atmosphere wasn't ruined from it. 

For Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao, it was a similar occurrence that happened to them as well. However, it was not the crown prince's cronies but soldiers of the third prince that Duan Mengyao had served with. 

Because Duan Mengyao also chose to be disguised, he was not recognized and saw the ugliness of three people he had considered close friends with and a few men he swore loyalty with to the third prince. While they didn't abuse a dog, they did try to attack and disgrace Tang Muxin and two young girls in the few minutes he separated with her in order to surprise her with flowers. 

The mood was also gone afterward.

In contrast, Da Gong and Jia Hyson didn't get to go on any date, but their romantic mood was stronger than ever. 

Ah, life was so hard. 

So fucking hard.

Jia Hyson listens and can't help but calculate in his heart. This is clearly foreshadowing and the imperial arc will most likely be pushed up thanks to this. 

Not to mention, the third prince, who has been rather forgettable seems to actually be quite shady. The most likely reason is that the third prince and his followers were never good people in the first place, and the righteous and strong Duan Mengyao had probably grown to be a thorn to their sides, so either the followers got rid of him or the prince himself ordered the kill. Either way he couldn't be trusted with the crown. 

Bebe: 'Bebe is surprised you remembered.'

Jia Hyson: 'Of course uwu.'

He had already accepted all the side missions. Even though he's lazy and fickle, generally, if he says he'll do it, he'll do his best to do it. That's why he tries to make minimum promises in relationships.

Bebe: 'That is both admirable and yet super scummy.'

Jia Hyson: 'That's pretty much my slogan at this point isn't it ah?'

Anyway. One of Jia Hyson's side missions required him to pick a good ruler for the country, aka a male lead. In retrospect, picking picking a male lead shouldn't necessarily mean he was picking an emperor, they weren't technically related, but generally in these sorts of stories, 95% of the time, the male lead is usually the emperor by the end of the book. If not, he's probably a god or something stupidly OP.

Looking at Tang Muxin's choice though... it seems we're going against the grain heh.

Duan Mengyao: While I admit it's true, I still don't appreciate the implication of that 'heh'.

That meant Jia Hyson had to find someone else to play monarch. The best option is Yan Huizhong, to be honest. He's smart, decisive, and his cruelty could be softened by Ye Cheng's kindness. 

However Jia Hyson liked Ye Cheng. He wouldn't want to throw him into the imperial harem unless he literally ran out of all options. The harem is messed up okay? It's like the only fucking genre which has the trope of killing babies and drowning beloved pets and small children. Jia Hyson knows he's not all there morally, but even he knows people who are super into reading about all that are definitely a bit fucked in the head. 

And since the story was unfinished, the rest of the setting was very true to ancient China where a harem was indeed necessary for the palace. 

There's a lot of modern people who think it's stupid to see emperor protagonists keep a harem when they already finally gained their true love female leads, and they will scold the male lead, but the fact is, the harem is more than just a way to indulge carnal desires. The harem was symbolic in many ways, such as showing the emperor's vitality and helped settle the court official's anxieties about producing an heir. 

There were also pragmatic reasons to a harem, such as being useful in promoting and controlling relations both in and out of the court. Sure there are other ways, but this was not only easy but effective. It wasn't a case of two birds one stone, establishing a harem was like killing a whole flock with a pebble. The only emperor in China that didn't have consorts or concubines was less due to love and more due to trauma than anything else. 

Jia Hyson personally felt this was a bit fucked but wasn't a lot of history like that anyway? Ultimately while it definitely dehumanized woman, which part of history didn't screw the fairer race over? At least the reasons behind it was logical and made sense, unlike some other more tragic old ideas like the whole witch-hunting thing in Europe. 

Thusly he didn't feel the need to try to change the harem system they've got going at all. Even when he reads about how the protagonist asks the male lead to throw away the harem or is jealous about the idea the future emperor must make a harem, he felt it was emotionally understandable but overall unreasonable in a more realistic viewpoint. The new emperor needs the harem to stabilize and appease the court, and to be honest in this situation, it was better to have more children than putting all their eggs in one basket. 

Even if it was Yan Huizhong who ends up on the dragon throne he wouldn't prevent him making a harem either. Of course, this is only on the precedent that he becomes emperor. In other situations there really no need for a harem like in the noble houses ah, those are merely to follow the trends and indulge in desire while securing sons. The stakes are far less high, so Jia Hyson becomes much less forgiving about this sort of thing. 

Bebe: 'Are you saying if you were in that position of being the emperor's beloved you would still let him have a harem of 3000 beauties?'

Jia Hyson: 'It would be better if he let me play with them too, but yeah, I think I'll be pretty fine with it. It's not like I haven't had multiple sex friends at once, isn't that the modern more consensual equivalent of the same thing anyway? Besides ancient times is so boring, a lot of ancient men are also quite dull, if I constantly spend every day with the guy I may actually end up killing him ah.' 

Bebe: '...' Wow. Bebe shouldn't be surprised, but somehow Bebe still is. 

Future arc Emperor gong: '...' I seem to see myself putting on multiple green hats due to my harem in the far future ah. 

Shard Sefu: 'Heh.' He knew one day someone else would share his pain. 

Bebe: '...why are you so smug?' Clearly the future emperor Gong is going to be a Yin Yang bitch like Sefu ah. 

Future arc Emperor Gong: '...'

Shard Sefu: '...' 

Jia Hyson: 'Um.' Why are we telepathic? No wait, are we crossing the boundaries of space and time right now? What is with this conversation? 

Bebe: 'Host is right.' This joke has clearly gone too far off the deep end.

Author God LBL: 'Sorry.' Not sorry.

Jia Hyson: 'EVERYONE GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY HEAD.'  (`) 

Honestly, though, even ignoring all that, it would be best if Jia Hyson could pick someone decent to be in charge that wouldn't go batshit insane the moment their emotional pillar gets a little hurt. After all, he was trying to create a relaxing and lighthearted transmigration story with some face slapping and plot drama, he didn't want a story about overthrowing the monarchy of a despotic, oppressive or obsessive man. 

Despotic, oppressive and obsessive man Yan Huizhong: '...' 

Duan Mengyao can't do it because that meant they'll have to kill like eight princes and do the prince regent thing where they raise a baby prince. Yan Huizhong is a last option because of the previous things said, but is still more of a valid option than Meng Meng who carried no royal blood. 

The cannon fodder villain crown prince is obviously not an option. The third prince seems like a hidden villain, most likely some sort of fake white lotus bitch or something. 

Third Prince: I haven't even come out yet and you're already dissing me? 

That left the second and fourth to seventh princes, as possibilities plus any baby princes who are currently not under consideration due to their ages. Jia Hyson had two hundred years to live at minimum so he could always try groom an emperor but... With his [Corruptor of children] skill, he felt like he'll definitely produce a tyrant instead ah. 

Unfortunately, that fucking spicy chicken skill stays as a passive skill until it hits level 10, which is it's level cap. 

While the dates were essentially ruined, Pan Shuchun successfully gained a good impression from the group and managed to wiggle her way into the dynamics quickly with her high EQ and overlapping ambitions with the others. After a week Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin both felt she was very compatible with themselves. So while Yan Huizhong and Duan Mengyao weren't looking, the three had established a sisterhood of sorts, and Pan Shuchun had told them various love advice while complaining all about the scumminess of men while fixing their nails and hair.

Tang Muxin: "Shuchun talked with me for a bit and... I decided I will accept your courtship."

Duan Mengyao: "Oh!" Thank you so much, miss! 

Ye Cheng: "Sister Shuchun told me that we should take things slower and enjoy physical intimacy without sex for a bit."

Yan Huizhong: "Oh..." That miss is fucking dead to me. 

There was even talk about trying to buy the building next door to Pure Beauty Designs and sharing the land to create a large store for Pan Shuchun's clothes, Ye Cheng's treasures and antiques, Pan Shuchun's medical consultations and maybe even a small cafe area. It was all very exciting, and the three young people full of ambitions could only wish to run over and go through with the plan right now!

Yan Huizhong and Duan Mengyao both switched to being doting boyfriends and a pair of detectives slowly uncovering a huge government conspiracy. In short, it was a busy time for everyone. The cannonfodders that had ruined their dates were almost completely pushed from their minds.

However Jia Hyson knew they would come to play soon. After all, this was a story. If there was no aftermath, then it would just be a pointless scene.

Finally, a week after the first dates, an elderly man came to the Fairy Garden Inn. He was dressed in good clothes, and it could be seen that his position was not low. However, everyone there had good senses and could smell the faint smell of urine underneath the heavy perfume the man wore.

Da Gong, who sat in the corner to watch the show tsk-ed, "What is this human? Smells bad."

Jia Hyson who was lazing on top of him lightly slaps his tail in admonishment. "Don't be mean, Brother Gong, he's injured and he's what the humans call an eunuch."

Looking at the eunuch Jia Hyson felt great pity for the man. After all, not only does he lose his manhood to enter the palace, but the man still has to endure the after-effects of such disfigurement. Ancient China never claimed it held a mastery over surgery or anything, so eunuchs not only ran the risk of infection but also had trouble completely controlling their pee.

There were a few ways to castrate an eunuch, one of them was using a special numbing agent on the genitalia, and simply slicing it off. However that was literally the easiest part.

They then plug up the urethra, wash the wound with boiled pepper and can't eat or drink for 2-3 days to avoid aggravating the wound by excretion. On the fourth day, they unplug the urethra and if he can urinate, then the surgery is considered a success. However, even then, there is problems controlling their bladder and there is inevitably leakage that occurs. 

This is why many eunuchs will choose to use perfume to cover up the scent and why quite a few people eventually associated a lot of eunuch roles to be flamboyantly gay, acting like women, etcetera. 

Jia Hyson as a man, obviously was very sympathetic to these people. However, this sort of thing was completely voluntary, and in these hard times, many men were willing to do this in order to earn money, some status and even a bit of power if they were competent enough, things that they couldn't dream of in their current situations. The price was high, the risks were higher, but the potential rewards were truly good, at the very least, the standard of living was higher. 

Da Gong was still just an animal and could only be disgusted as Jia Hyson tries to give him a simplified explanation of what an eunuch is. After all animal neutering wasn't as big a concept compared to modern times so Da Gong also had no references to such a hideous act either and could only be appalled.

"Tsk, humans are really unfathomable." Da Gong disdains, "Baby let's go to the stables. I want to check how the children are doing." 

Jia Hyson hesitates but shakes his head. "You go ahead, I'll be with Mu Mu for a bit." 

This old eunuch managed to live so long, he had good clothes and his head was held up high. He was not a simple man and could not be taken lightly even if he was missing a very important part of anatomy. 

Da Gong clucks disappointedly before lightly and affectionately pecking Jia Hyson's head and leaving. Jia Hyson climbs up onto a nearby table and mentally calls for Tang Muxin to pick him up. 

Tang Muxin rolls her eyes but she does excuse herself from the group as she goes collects her dragon companion. 

"Greetings," the old eunuch replies, his voice slightly raspy with age, but the words were smooth and full of culture, making it quite pleasant to listen to like a posh, doting grandfather reading a bedtime story. "I heard that you have recently procured a grey puppy with a dark flower marking on the back of its head?"

The grey puppy was the one Ye Cheng had rescued on his first date with Yan Huizhong. 

Because the barn was already fairly full with the animals they had, Ye Cheng reluctantly decided to put this puppy for adoption. After all right now their living situation was in a transitioning period and their lifestyle was not stable and busy, he didn't have the attention to care for a small puppy and the animals would be too stressed if they don't have enough space in their living quarters. 

Pan Shuchun drew up the flyers, and while there have been some people interested, nobody was willing to really care for the dog. The poor were too poor to feed another mouth, and the rich would rather have purebred dogs to raise. And the working class in the middle were trying to mimic the rich upper class so they wouldn't want to raise a mutt either lest they give others another reason to look down on them.

"Yes, that is indeed correct." Ye Cheng steps up with a smile. As the metaphorical mother hen... though maybe not that metaphorical considering he has raised a lot of hens as well as Da Gong, he insisted on vetting everyone who wished to adopt the puppy. That was also another reason why people chose not to adopt.

Because Ye Cheng was the archetypal overbearing father interrogating his daughter's boyfriend. 

"Are you interested in adopting?" His chatty mouth began to shoot rapid fire questions, "What do you do? Do you know what puppies eat? Where would you put him to sleep? Don't let him stay up past Xushi or he'll be lethargic."

Eunuch: '...'

"Actually that puppy is mine," The eunuch smiles with a little embarrassedly. "My dog Ming-Hua finally gave birth to a puppy after much effort but the little thing ran off when we let it out in my courtyard for a walk."

Pan Shuchun, Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin all had relatively high EQ levels, and none of them felt like the man was lying or was not genuine. However they still couldn't let down their suspicions completely. After glancing at each other and seeing that nobody thought he was a fraud, they all, in unison looked at Jia Hyson who was now lying lazily around on Tang Muxin's neck like a very large gaudy golden necklace. 

Sensing their gazes, Jia Hyson blinked and slowly opens his eyes before activating his skill [Karmic Insight] and scanning the room. 

The eunuch couldn't help but gasp and step back a little at the sight. He had heard there was a dragon here, but like literally everyone who was sane, he thought it was a big hoax. Especially when he heard that the group of people claiming such a matter were merchants. After hearing that, many also thought this was some sort of attempt at grabbing fame and money.

...Which it probably was, but the point was- the dragon was fucking real! Not a puppet or an exotic serpent or some sort of statue with a bullshit backstory, but a real dragon!

How come the emperor doesn't know such a thing yet?!

World's consciousness: Sorry ah, boss' orders. 

Boss Jia Hyson: Tee Hee.

Bossier Bebe: Tee Hee.

With glowing eyes he surveys the trio before looking at the eunuch. Everyone's auras were bright and strong and shimmering gold blended at the edges. Gold meant good fortune or riches ahead on whatever decision they were thinking of. 

There was some wavering in the golden outline from Ye Cheng who was more wary of the eunuch suggesting he was more hesitant in helping him, but there was no dark foreboding colours in the places where the gold outline disappeared from, meaning that there was most likely no negative effects from declining either. 

The eunuch's base colour was a pale orange that was a bit weak, however the colouration got stronger as it moves further out into the edges, almost like a vibrant splash of paint had dripped a drop of water in the middle of it. 

From Jia Hyson's understanding this could be interpreted as the eunuch was weak and nearing the end of his lifespan but if he followed through with whatever his current decision was, he would become healthier. This made sense if he was thinking of holding Tang Muxin's thighs given she would then conversely help him with her super doctor abilities. 

it seems their meeting would bring nothing but good things if it goes well. 

Jia Hyson nods at them before going back to closing his eyes. He had drunk a lot of spiritual energy lately thanks to the reluctant contribution of the Heavenly Path, in fact, he had practically drunk their stash of high-quality energy half-dry much to everyone's dismay. It was really a tragic case of one being too hungry and the other being too goddamn poor. 

Jia Hyson now had enough energy to develop and grow another stage larger if he minimizes his energy output for a while and absorbs as much as he can during this period. Thus his current salted fish appearance. 

Seeing their little luck oracle has affirmed their thoughts, they broke into a smile and invited the eunuch to follow them to the stables.

The eunuch was very polite and agreed happily. As they went out, a small group of guards led by a haughty looking young man in doctor garb followed. The eunuch gave the trio an apologetic look, "Sorry but the... my mistress insisted I have to bring my guards and doctor where I go. I have some health issues you see."

Tang Muxin's gaze flickers down to the unmoving dragon and probes him mentally. Jia Hyson ignores her, too lazy to respond but pointedly tickles the back of her neck with his tail. Tang Muxin didn't fully understand the intention but felt settled either way. 

Her anxiety was eased by half and she forced herself to ignore the strangers as well as the coincidental fact the eunuch has some sort of illness, and trues to join the conversation Ye Cheng and Pan Shuchun was making with the old eunuch. 

Even though she wasn't sure if treating the old man's illness and gaining benefits for it was the main reason why Jin Bao said he trusted the eunuch, Tang Muxin trusted he wouldn't lead her wrong. 

As they walk closer to the stables everyone could hear the increasingly loud and chaotic sounds of various animals running and prancing around the large area. It sounded like the group was energetically playing around. Only Jia Hyson could hear what was really going on.

Da Gong: "Crouch down! Don't let the stupid humans catch you! Now catch and run! Move it! Move it! Move it!"

Animals: "YES BOSS!"

Da Gong: "Tell me! What do you do when you see a bad human?!"

Animals: "PECK THEIR EYES OUT!" "SHRED THEM TO PIECES!" "BITE THEIR FLESH OUT AND SWALLOW IT!" 

The human group: "Ohoho the animals are so cute running around aren't they?" 

Da Gong: "When I say humans, you say-?" 

Animals: "MAKE THEM KNEEL!"

Da Gong: "Humans?"

Animals: "KNEEL!"

The eunuch who saw this couldn't help but chuckle. "It's like the rooster is teaching the animals to sing, how cute."

Guards nodding: "Yes, very cute." 

Ye Cheng, proud: "That's Da Gong, he's the leader, a bit fierce but very nice really." 

Tang Muxin, nodding: "En. Sensible and good."

Pan Shuchun, a bit doubtful but not willing to break the united front: "...Indeed." Well, it was a little cute ah. 

Jia Hyson: '...'   Ignorance sure is bliss huh. 

The moment they reach the stables and open the door, the activities inside had more or less subsided. It made sense, the sense of hearing and smell in animals was far greater than humans. If it wasn't for all the ruckus they caused by screeching and letting feathers and fur fly everywhere, they probably would have noticed earlier. 

However they didn't completely stop their activities, instead they all smartly put on their 'disguises' and began to play like baby animals. Da Gong had told them with some disgust that they still were not good enough for head to head attacks with the humans. It was better to sneak attack by lowering the guard before pouncing. 

So when the group opened the door they were really greeted by a metaphorical sucker punch full of cuteness. 

Xiao Shua the cat was hugging a small sleeping rabbit, occasionally licking it's fur and showing off the true power of interspecies fluff friends.

Little Fatty and three baby mice Heng Kai, Heng Dishi, Heng Jian were nibbling food, their mouths super chubby and adorable as they nibbled their seeds and grain with their tiny paws. 

Da Shen the dog was acting like he was one year old and pretending to play with the horses' tails while the horses indulgently played along. A small grey puppy who didn't fully understand the scheming minds of these animals merely watched Da Shen and excitedly copied him.

And Little Paddy the paddy snake... well he wasn't very cute so he was hiding in a corner.

Not cute Little Paddy: '...' This is fucking racist that's what this is. 

The eunuch and the others that had never seen so many animals act so cute in such a small area, could not handle the pure concentrated meng. Even Pan Shuchun who was a little more resistant, couldn't help but take a step back. 

Fuck, this cuteness was too poisonous!

Da Gong clucks happily as he sees the arrival of the group of mostly stunned silly humans. Well, that's not true. To be more accurate, Da Gong clucks happily as he sees the arrival of his little worm that happened to have brought a group of mostly stunned silly humans. 

Currently his little worm has been very lazy so he had to take it upon himself as the husband to go back to the stables to further train his subordinates before their skills get rusty. His worm wife was very vulnerable right now, its best to strengthen his defences ah.

Jia Hyson, sensing Da Gong's arrival finally opens his eyes and sees the rooster standing by Tang Muxin's feet, looking up at him and clucking expectantly. With a ticklish sensation in his chest, he finally moves and unfurls from his resting position on Tang Muxin to jump down onto Da Gong.

Tang Muxin who barely got any response from her dragon this whole time: '...Oi, whose the one exactly soul bonded to who ah?'

"Wan Wan!" The eunuch suddenly calls out, breaking into a large joyful smile. 

The puppy, Wan Wan, immediately stops jumping around and sniffs the air before wagging his tail excitedly as he runs up to the old man. The eunuch crouches down, completely disregarding his status and lovingly picks the puppy up, laughing as Wan Wan starts to slobber all over his face. 

It was a very warm sight and nobody no longer suspected the dog didn't belong to him.

After a few minutes of watching an old man reunite with his puppy, everyone sort of got a bit bored and awkward. If watches had existed at this time, everyone would have probably checked theirs thrice already ah. 

Maybe he was unable to bear the gazes of the others, the eunuch picked up the happy, wriggling puppy and turned to others with a faintly embarrassed smile. "Thank you so much. I see Wan Wan has been clearly well taken care of and I will not forget this kindness."

The eunuch lightly but politely bowed, surprising Tang Muxin, Pan Shuchun and Ye Cheng. 

After all the status of an eunuch, as an imperial servant, is naturally higher than a commoner. Especially one that could be accompanied by so many guards. 

Not to mention they've only somewhat established their presence and hadn't really shown off any power moves yet to be worthy of incurring respect. There was no need for this person to give them any face. 

Duan Mengyao and Yan Huizhong weren't present during this time, but even if they were, they would also be shocked. In fact, they would be far more shaken than the others because they actually knew this man and his reputation. 

He was none other than Shi Xiaosi, one of the empress's closest people. A eunuch who followed her since she was young and still relatively naive about the ruthlessness of the imperial harem.

The fact he was still here, healthy enough and able to maintain the position of serving by her side, spoke a lot of volumes from that alone. There were rumours that behind his kind old man face he was a poisonous snake who came from a family of assassins, a raging bear with the strength of thirty men, a watchful owl who could see all. 

Nobody knew if these were truth or baseless lies, but nobody understood what methods he used to stay where he stood. No matter how the other people tried, they couldn't dig out anything but the barest facts. In a way wasn't that even more terrifying than any rumour? 

Even the arrogant crown prince wouldn't dare not give him some face. However, generally most people preferred to avoid such a dangerous smiling tiger, and so there had been little in the way of any necessary confrontations anyway. 

Jia Hyson also didn't think he would be so OP until Bebe gave him the gossip. Listening to the information Jia Hyson felt a little bit strange. 'So that's what the outside world sees this man as, but what is he really like?' He mentally questions Bebe.

Bebe paused. 'How could you tell?' It finally asked, a bit curious. 

'You just said this is what the people say about him, not what the world's consciousness said about him, dumbass,' Jia Hyson scorns. His system was so old, yet the little tricks it played could be seen through easily ah. 

Truly, age does not necessarily indicate one's wisdom. 'Besides, the man clearly has some means, but it can't possibly be as perverted as what the rumours say ah.' 

'Well that's bullshit, you can't figure that out just by first sight,' Bebe refused to back down, it was rare that it would play a prank on Jia Hyson and now it was a bit too embarrassing to fail on the first try, 'Maybe he's even more perverted than the rumours.'

Jia Hyson smiles, disdainful and proud, 'Peh, don't try to fool me, I have a good sense for pervertedness. As a pervert myself I can more or less feel when someone else is similar to me.'

Bebe: '...At least you have self-awareness.' Unfortunately, the man is clearly unrepentant about it. 

Bebe was too lazy to try trick it's perverted host anymore and caves, 'The truth is, this old man is really Shi Xiaosi and it's true many of his enemies have disappeared without a trace, and any scheme against him is swiftly sidestepped and dealt with, however only a small fraction of those could be attributed to his own ability.'

The true perpetrator behind this was actually the empress herself. The empress was very close with Eunuch Shi and they were actually something akin to childhood friends. Shi Xiaosi was a servant in her family's household who was a few years older than her, and often protected her from the schemes of her cheap sisters and other concubines when she was young due to a debt he had with her mother. 

The empress who hadn't been an empress yet, was very moved by this man's kindness and his silly sweet temperament that had only been revealed to herself and secretly vowed that she would be the one to protect him in the future. She wanted to marry someone strong and bring Shi Xiaosi to follow her for a few more years before matchmaking him with anyone he was interested in that also wouldn't bully him either.

Unfortunately she caught the eye of a prince and then the prince became an emperor. Shi Xiaosi did not hesitate to become a eunuch despite having a fairly luxurious life serving a noble household, and continue serving her. The empress had been very saddened at this and was also very worried for Shi Xiaosi who may have been able to fight well in the courtyards, but was only a small fish in the ocean in this new battleground. 

The empress was very shrewd, and quickly became a big boss the other concubines would not carelessly fight against. She won the emperor's heart and became empress, and she cultivated many people, earning their loyalties through kindness and cruelty. 

People naturally overlooked women in this era, and it was both a blessing and a curse. Shi Xiaosi was simple and absurdly loyal to the empress and merely did the things and say the words as the empress instructed and suddenly everyone thought he was the big boss that couldn't be provoked while the real mastermind was very satisfied sitting in the background.

Hearing the real story, Jia Hyson was a little speechless.

Jia Hyson: Fuck me this world is really full of powerful women huh. 

There's really just no room for the men to shine here.

He looks at Da Gong.

Da Gong: ?

Okay, maybe there's just no room for the human men to shine here.

Suddenly there was a cry of alarm from one of the guards.

Eunuch Shi suddenly collapsed.

...


What happens next is fairly standard, really. 

Eunuch Shi collapsed, gasping and sweating. Wan Wan was very scared and circled around his master before worriedly looking toward the animal he admires and respects the most, Da Gong. 

Da Gong, unflustered, merely raises a wing and points at Tang Muxin. "Human," he clucks commandingly, "Go." 

Tang Muxin, who was already about to step in and help: '...' 

Even though she didn't understand chicken, she was suddenly overcome with the complex feeling that all children and teenagers feel when they're about to clean their room, but their parents tell them to clean their room right before they start. It's a bit like, 'Ah, I was going to do it, but now that you tell me to do it, I won't do it.' 

Fortunately, she was a super doctor, and that part of her in this lifetime has slowly grown to become a larger part of her identity than the super-spy slash assassin part of her, and she immediately went to help Eunuch Shi despite the grumbling in her heart. 

However, before she stepped in there to show off her skills, there must be a corresponding cannon fodder to act as her foil. 

The arrogant man in doctor garb that had been leading the guards obviously was the most suitable for the part and played his role well. He pushed Tang Muxin aside, sneered, knelt down, did some testing before declaring Eunuch Shi to be past saving and as good as dead. 

The guards were both panicked and unhappy with this arrogant young imperial doctor. After all, the doctor was a talent, and they themselves were dispensable people. Eunuch Shi was old and ill, it wouldn't be strange to die when on an outing, but the blame would still fall on their heads. Not to mention Eunuch Shi was very generous to them, and none of the guards held ill will towards him, so they weren't satisfied with the rather half-assed looking checkup and diagnosis of the imperial doctor.

The imperial doctor obviously did not appreciate their attitude and left in a huff after some words. Jia Hyson stared at him lazily. It seems this doctor must have a backer or some sort to be so confident. After all, it's impossible for him to be so confident otherwise, and the guards would have not have been so restrained. 

Even if he was some sort of amazing miracle doctor, the empress put so much effort in taking care of Eunuch Shi, and her wrath would probably not be so easily appeased just by venting on a few guards when the one in charge of the medicine was right there. This means the doctor was a) stupid beyond measure, b) had the emperor as a backer, c) had someone lower than the emperor as a backer, and would most likely be thrown away by them afterwards. 

Of course, this was the best time for Tang Muxin to step into the spotlight and show off her super doctor skills that had mainly only been playing low-key in the background by slowly healing Yan Huizhong. 

The guards were a bit resistant at first but seeing the golden dragon so easily obey Tang Muxin when she asked him to fetch her medical bag full of surgery tools she had hired a craftsman to make, they were already half convinced and quickly helped her carefully move Eunuch Shi out of the stables which was a rather unclean environment for a medical operation. 

...Though it was a bit weird that the dragon just jumped onto the giant rooster and rode the bird to get the medical bag instead of walking though. Watching the large plump rooster run, his magnificent black tail feathers swaying side to side as the eye-catching bright golden scales of the dragon sparkled, they somehow felt that their single dog eyes were blinded a little ah. 

"What are you guys doing?" Pan Shuchun snaps at the gawking guards, "Didn't you hear Miss Muxin? Someone go get two basins of hot water, someone get some clean cloth and a cup of water! And the rest of you make sure the lady isn't distracted!" 

"Yes, miss!" They instinctively salute, the sharp, intimidating voice was far too similar to the empress'. Flustered and a bit guilty they rush to follow the orders.

Jia Hyson trots past the rushing guards, carrying the medicine bag by his neck like a particularly bulky necklace. 

Because Da Gong is still a rooster, albeit a cleaner than usual one, he's still an animal that sheds and has dander which makes it inappropriate to enter the room Eunuch Shi and Tang Muxin were in. Jia Hyson was a being that literally pooped clean jade that can help the environment and also produced various health benefits so there was literally no such thing as contamination in his particular case. 

'What's the situation doctor Mu Mu?' He calls out telepathically as he sits by her side and unceremoniously shakes off the bag. 

Tang Muxin furrows her brow as she carefully diagnoses him while he was in the recovery position. She doesn't even bother to speak telepathically and just talks allowed. "There's something wrong with his lungs which isn't good. I would have to cut him open to further confirm the situation but worse case is something like advanced chronic obstructive pulmonary disease which may evolve into pulmonary emphysema and I would be forced to try to remove some of the dead tissue and reduce the size of his lungs. There's also a chance he has a tumour in the respiratory system but at least once I find it the difficulty wouldn't be as complicated in comparison."

Jia Hyson flicks his tail anxiously. After all, if a tumour was one of the better options then this was really not a great situation. 'What about I try help?' He suggests, 'You get into the mindset of getting ready to extract a tumour. I'll use my karmic insight. If his aura goes dark it means reasonably, that if you go in, expecting to extract a tumour and there isn't one then his chances of life are lowered because you would have to think on the spot what else could be wrong and waste time right?' 

After some experiments, Jia Hyson found that [Karmic Insight] was both a reliable and unreliable skill. With it one could essentially crudely but predict the future through the process of elimination. 

For example, if Da Gong wanted to eat from bowl A and his aura turned a bit bleak it means he would have something unfortunate happen as a consequence. However, the prediction is crude because it isn't always specific. 

If Da Gong wanted to eat from a bowl in general, and not a specific bowl, his aura would turn a little bleak even if bowl B and bowl C were fine to consume because the intention Da Gong had was not targeted toward any particular bowl so there was a chance of bad luck (picking bowl A) happening anyway. If Jia Hyson told him to stop doing whatever he was planning to do Da Gong would miss out on being able to eat bowls B and C and go hungry. 

That was why it was better to be specific when trying to predict things with this skill and why Jia Hyson realized it wasn't good to blindly rely on its effects either. It was a good skill but it was complicated and compared to other fortune telling skills it was really quite mediocre in comparison. After all the brainpower needed just to get a decent interpretation of the auras was really too high. 

Still, Jia Hyson liked the puzzle and it was indeed useful enough. As long as you have the flexibility and creativity it's quite useful ah. 

Tang Muxin also had a decent grasp of his powers of 'foresight' and quickly understood what he wanted. Closing her eyes she imagines what she would do to remove the potential tumour and slowly reaches for her medical bag.

'Stop.' Jia Hyson's golden eyes were glowing brightly as they narrowed on Eunuch Shi's body. 'It's no good his luck looks a lot worse.' It wasn't very good before but it had practically gone pitch black when Tang Muxin seriously thought about him having a tumour in his body. It was essentially a game over if they go down this path of thinking. 

Tang Muxin's brows furrow and nods. Without an x-ray locating a tumour can be quite hard and would waste a lot of valuable time, it was both a relief and a disappointment that Jin Bao could help cross it out of her diagnosis. 

After a second of thought, her mind wandered to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. That sort of surgery was not impossible but given the circumstances, it would be incredibly difficult and required all of her abilities to do successfully. She would probably need to use the rare ice spider silk threads, and she'll need Jin Bao to act as a nurse and use his saliva which she knows has healing and possibly antibacterial properties, and maybe she might need his claws to easily cut through-

'Eh? What are you thinking of?' Jia Hyson was surprised as he stared at the pale Eunuch Shi, 'his aura suddenly looks much better?' 

Tang Muxin: '...'

She coughs a little awkwardly. "Prepare yourself Jin Bao. This is going to be a difficult surgery for you. Don't worry I'll make it up to you later okay?"

About to be used for medicinal ingredients and exploited as a surgical tool Jia Hyson: ???

...

The surgery took between one and a half to two hours but to Jia Hyson it felt more like between one and a half years and eternity. By the time Tang Muxin closed Eunuch Shi's chest up and wiped the sweat pouring from her brows, Jia Hyson was laying flat on the floor half dead, his little legs splayed out like the character for big.

His saliva was all used up, his claws were all full of old man flesh, his beautiful shiny scales were dirtied by blood and his eyes fucking hurt from overusing his [Karmic Insight]. 

Jia Hyson: 'Ah for the first time I really feel like my body has been dirtied and abused.' 

Bebe, recalling vividly the gory second world they went to: '...' 

Taking pity on her soul bonded companion, Tang Muxin passes him a cup of now cold tea that was placed in the corner of the room. Jia Hyson lifts his neck up and opens his mouth, a spoiled silent askance to have her practically bottle feed him.

Tang Muxin was a little speechless. Usually, only Da Gong would experience the full laziness of Jin Bao, and even then Jin Bao was still capable of feeding himself. "...You're a grown man. Aren't you a bit ashamed?"

'But I'm also a dragon baby,' Jia Hyson whines, 'This is technically child labour you know? The perverted kind where you made me lick an old guy's stitched up chest after surgery.'

Bebe: 'Heh you probably would have done it without asking anyway.'

Jia Hyson: 'Peh, I've never done it when the surgery wound was still fresh okay?'

Bebe: '...You what?'

Jia Hyson: 'Come on-  with the type of men I've been with it would be weird if I never did post-op recovery sex in the hospital room ah-'

Bebe: '...At least think about the medical staff there who have to deal with that. Bah, I hope your man bled to death after overexerting themselves.'

Jia Hyson: 'Peh, and get me charged for accidental manslaughter? No way, I was very strict and only did things when they were more or less given the clear by the doctors ah. At most I used my mouth or something ah. Don't worry I made sure to swallow as much as I could ah. No mess, no fuss.' 

Bebe: '...Oh, how responsible of you.'  

In the end, Tang Muxin did feel bad and not only fed him water but even insisted on running a herbal bubble bath for him and Da Gong. Well. It was mainly for him alone but Da Gong would be damned if he let that happen after being separated for a few hours from his worm already. 

In fact, Da Gong had freaked out seeing his worm be carried out of the makeshift surgery room covered in blood and grime. He had ended up pecking Tang Muxin fiercely in stress. Fortunately, Tang Muxin wore a thick outer robe today and Da Gong didn't really aim to draw blood. 

However, she did end up with some very severe bruises on her left leg. Tang Muxin winced as she gingerly touches the sore area. It was strange, not only was the bruising especially painful it also had an irritating burning sensation to it like some bastard rubbed chilli oil there as well. 

The power of the cock really can't be underestimated ah. 

...

Eunuch Shi woke up a few hours later. 

Tang Muxin was in the bathroom with Jin Bao and Da Gong at the time. She was showering while the pair spent time soaking in the bath. 

Initially, Tang Muxin was a bit wary about bathing with Jin Bao who was a grown human man inside a dragon but after so long together she felt he was more an annoying younger brother than anything and was fine going naked in his presence. Most importantly... Da Gong would never let his little worm look at her. 

She glanced at the pair and saw Da Gong immediately raise his wings to block Jin Bao from seeing in her direction, vigilantly glaring at her fiercely. It was like he expected her to rush out of the shower wet and naked and jiggle her breasts seductively at them like a sick pervert. What was worse was her bruised leg throbs in pain subconsciously reminding her of how strong the damn vinegar drinking bird was.

Tang Muxin: '...' As the beautiful but strong and capable protagonist of this story I feel so fucking wronged. 

During this time Pan Shuchun and Ye Cheng had helped arranged the remaining guards to help out around the Fairy Garden Inn and their new store Dragon's Hoard in exchange to keep this whole thing a secret and to give Eunuch Shi the best treatment possible. 

The guards were fairly happy with the arrangements. After all, these people saved Eunuch Shi and got his beloved puppy back. Meaning these people also saved their own hides which would have most definitely gotten shipped to shreds if they came back empty-handed. What's some manual labour in comparison? 

Only six guards were left behind to watch Eunuch Shi while they helped around. To be honest, Tang Muxin had said it may take even a day for the man to wake up as the knockout drugs she does him with were quite strong and he wasn't physically fit or healthy to begin with. Surprisingly though he woke up very quickly.

Eunuch Shi groans and slowly comes to consciousness, eyes feeling tired and heavy, and his mouth felt very dry and fuzzy like it was injected with warm cotton. 

Immediately a warm calloused hand gently cradles the back of his head, raising it up slightly, and the cool smooth rim of a cup pressed against his mouth. "I see your awake ah, that's pretty fast. Here take a sip, I'm sure you must be thirsty. But really you're quite something, sir, I don't fully understand it but you seem to be recovering really well. I guess it's to be expected given little Jin Bao's help hahaha."

Eunuch Shi wasn't fully aware of his surroundings nor understood all of the other person's words, however, he felt the other person's voice was very much like his hands. Warm and comforting. Opening his mouth he gratefully and obediently takes small sips of water before he forces himself to try open his eyes.

Through his somewhat blurry gaze he saw the young, cheerful man from before. His tanned skin was healthy and his cat-like eyes curled up in laughter as his mouth continued to move. Even though he seemed very excitable and childish, his body was strong and stable, and his actions were caring and gentle.

Eunuch Shi felt like an arrow had hit his heart.

Ah, now that he looked closely, this commoner was quite dashing ah? (  )

...

Yan Huizhong suddenly frowned. 

"Is something wrong Eighth Prince?" His close subordinate A asked, "I think the proposed plan is quite good albeit risky but if there's anything you feel isn't-"

"The plan is fine," Yan Huizhong waves off, "it's not that I just thought I felt something... never mind. We will implement the first step tomorrow and stay up all night to make sure nothing goes wrong. We have to make sure they're no mistakes or it's our heads on the line do you understand?"

"Of course my prince!" Subordinate A bows respectfully before leaving with the rest of the subordinates.

However, instead of feeling the usual satisfaction with the loyalty of the few people he's managed to keep by his side, Yan Huizhong still couldn't help but feel that there was something deeply amiss.

Aiyah, he really wants everything to finish faster so he can go back to hold Ye Cheng in his arms again. 

...

Even though Eunuch Shi wasn't as devious and intelligent as the empress, he wasn't a simple man either. He took care of the empress when she was a little girl and had seen the maliciousness of the inner courtyards. Even though he's been getting on in years, almost fourty-seven years old now, he was treated very well in the later half of his life thanks to the empress and his mind wasn't muddled and his eyes were clear. 

He quickly realized that personal doctor assigned to him must have been bribed by someone, or else the doctor would not have left so quickly or so arrogantly. After all he was the man who was on such good terms with the empress many would've speculated on their relationship had he not been an eunuch. Any imperial doctor would rather wish to rip their lungs out in order to try save. The fact this doctor only did a basic diagnosis, proclaimed him a dead man and left was really inconceivable.

The doctor given to him is a good talent, in fact he bordered on genius which shows in his young age and status of joining the imperial doctors. However the youth was prideful, ambitious and had only recently joined the imperial doctor ranks, meaning that he only had a relatively shallow network in the palace. 

It was all too easy for the doctor to be killed off. Either this doctor was blinded by the title of genius others had stamped on his forehead and believed the empress and emperor would really forgive his failure or he had secretly gained a big backer. Personally Eunuch Shi felt like the answer was most likely a combination of both options. 

Whoever the backer is, was problematic and hostile. Who didn't know Eunuch Shi was the empress's person? A target at him is a target at her. He may not be as scary as the rumours say but he'll be damned if he's underestimated like this ah. 

After Ye Cheng left to collect some clothes for him, Eunuch Shi weakly gestured to the nearest guard and whispered to him. All the guards were loyal and cultivated well. At the very least they knew enough to dare not betray the empress and himself unlike the foolish doctor. 

The guard immediately nodded and walked out of the room casually, any excitement he had was completely suppressed and he wandered out of the Fairy Garden Inn like a young well to do man who had just came out to sightsee. Even though it's not the fastest way to send a message, time right now was less important than the worth of keeping a low profile. 

In order to catch the snake one shouldn't beat the grass hastily, for now it's better to pretend to be dead and see what vermin will crawl out once the news is passed out. 

Eunuch Shi sighs, unfortunately, this means he would be burdening his benefactors temporarily. It's quite shameful to already ask for more help after now owing a life debt to them. Not only that this may cause the kind commoners to become targeted by whoever is responsible.

Even if they have a real dragon to protect them it's still not an excuse to push his problems onto them. 

This guilt grew even bigger when, after explaining to Ye Cheng, Pan Shuchun, and Tang Muxin the ins and outs, the group so easily accepted it. Eunuch Shi was so moved he almost cried. It turns out there were such good people in the world! No wonder the cute little golden dragon blessed them with it's presence!

This feeling of gratitude and guilt grew seeing how caring the trio was toward him despite their clearly busy schedules. In order to the best he could to repay them at this moment Eunuch Shi sent half of the guards away to avoid suspicion and kept the rest as plain clothes guards who would serve as workers to help around. 

The empress must have also gotten the news and wished to show some gratitude as well, since the legal and tax side of Ye Cheng and Tang Muxin's business was running almost suspiciously smoothly. Given it was a bit of a knowledge gap for both of them they thought it would be the most troublesome aspect. Pan Shuchun who struggled to figure out the unspoken rules of running a business in ancient China by herself couldn't even begin to describe her jealousy. 

Ahhhh, who the fuck likes doing accounting? Who likes taxes and figuring out the best people to talk to and the rates you should charge and be charged? Not only was everyone in the nearby government office so nice to them now the fucking asshole official in charge of giving out basic information actually hand wrote a list of tips and tricks! It should be known she had to pay one silver just to get that damn guy to even talk to her and even then it was like pulling teeth!

Fuck even though they were friends this is really infuriating okay???

If Jia Hyson and Bebe knew what Pan Shuchun was thinking they could only pat her on the back. Technically Pan Shuchun was also a protagonist, unfortunately... aiyah they were really too different levels ah.

Pan Shuchun who suddenly felt like she had been dealt a heavy blow out of nowhere: ;-;

So in short, Eunuch Shi felt very indebted and grateful to the group for taking him, a man supposed to be dead, in.

Right up until the supposedly dead Eighth Prince Yan Huizhong and powerful General Duan Mengyao came back.

Eunuch Shi: ...

Eunuch Shi: ???

.




Meanwhile, the palace was having its own troubles. 

Why?

Because the empress was furious.

And when the empress was furious the people must suffer. The empress had ears and eyes everywhere, even the officials in court were wary much less those poor women in the harem. The most arrogant and favoured of concubines who gave birth to eligible princes didn't dare make any waves at this time and were all cowering in small groups on the pretence of having tea together. 

Concubine Li, mother of the fifth and sixth prince: "Motherfucker, which one of your sons dared to attack Eunuch Shi. They're either crazy or ready to revolt right?" 

Concubine Hua, mother of the second prince: "Peh! My son is a literati, he has no interest in fighting in such an underhanded way."

Concubine Liang, mother of the seventh prince: "Heh, he's only practising poetry, not Buddhism, quit acting like he's above material things and mortal greed we all know he wants the throne as much as the others."

Concubine Hua: "At least he has the fucking standards to be seriously considered a candidate, unlike some people's son."

Concubine Liang: "Oh, you're right- your son is really a serious candidate- on being a complete joke! Peh!"

Concubine Li massages her forehead as she watches Concubine Hua and Liang spit insults at each other. The harem was a hard life, even though it looked good on the outside they all had to fight for one man in order for not only themselves to live well but even their families. It was hard to find allies and even harder to find friends. 

Fortunately, the emperor was fairly generous, albeit very biased toward the empress, and the women who entered the harem generally had no delusions of true love toward the emperor. This is especially so during the later years so the harem was now full of older women and the atmosphere was much more laid back than before. 

Well. It was laidback until the emperor became ill. Then it was time for all the mothers with sons to step up their game and fight. 

Unfortunately, it wasn't like you could immediately win at life the moment you pop out a little human with a penis from your vagina. Maybe if she hadn't entered the imperial harem it would've been okay but she did and she had to fight against other women with sons and worst of all, her son was a complete waste. 

Well her first son, the fifth prince, was. He had always been bad at a lot of things and eventually became a lecherous playboy that shamed the emperor with his antics. 

Concubine Li felt some hope when she gave birth to her second son, the sixth prince, but that boy turned out to not only be mediocre in everything but had a cowardly crybaby demeanour as well. 

On the sixth prince's thirteenth birthday, not only did the fifth prince get caught sleeping with a maid, but it was also the maid the sixth prince apparently had a crush on and he burst into tears and fainted. That was the day all Concubine Li's ambitions shattered and she despaired for a month before finally getting over the blow. 

Concubine Hua and Concubine Liang were in a similar situation however they were reluctant to admit it. Concubine Hua's second prince was actually very outstanding in literary talent and studies however he was the epitome of pretentious literati who rather admire the flowers than participate in any real government work. 

Many people secretly scorn him since he's essentially hiding his laziness under a facade of an intellectual, albeit a very talented one. It is unknown if he wants to fight for the crown but his vague wait and see attitude was quite annoying, both for the people who wanted to support him and the people who wanted to see if he's worth the resources to bring down. 

In contrast Concubine Liang's son, the seventh prince, was both a muscle head and a religious fanatic. It would be alright if his religion was normal like Taoism or Buddhism but Concubine Liang's son was only interested in dragon gods and fighting. When he was five he proclaimed he wished to be the ultimate warrior that will be acknowledged by the heavens and grant him into the domain of dragons. 

Everyone thought it was cute however when he hit fifteen and showed no signs of changing his attitude the cuteness quickly became determined as craziness. It was a pity because the boy could actually have been a genius if he had applied himself.

So in the end, Concubine Li, Hua and Liang ended up becoming friends solely bonded by the uselessness of their sons. It was really a fucking plastic friendship. 

Their main thing was to bitch, complain and gossip about what was happening around them in order to ignore their own problems. Ironically it may be because they weren't a threat nor did they bother to keep up the pretences anymore, the empress actually liked them a lot and their living situation was, in reality, more stable than the others who were ambitious and willing to fight and be the next empress dowager. 

"But for real ah," Concubine Hua cleaned her ear absentmindedly with her pinky, completely devoid of any manners that a beautiful noblewomen like her was supposed to have, "Which fool did this? The third prince lost a lot of military power after General Duan Mengyao passed away on a mission, now all that's left are ruffians that are no better than bandits. I heard they've been making trouble with the commoners and the emperor already gave him a stern warning. He should be laying low right now."

"The crown prince shouldn't have done it either though." Concubine Li points out as she pours more tea for everyone, "There's no reason to undermine the empress even though everyone's scared of her. His position is so favourable he can't be that stupid to blow it like this."

Concubine Liang snorts, "He's pretty stupid though, it's his green tea bitch mother who's pulling the strings and trying to keep him in check. I wouldn't be surprised if he did something behind her back though, little white eyed wolf." Grabbing the cup of tea she downs it all despite how steaming hot it was, "However Concubine Chen is very controlling these days it's probably not the crown prince." 

"So. The Crown prince is an unlikely possibility," Concubine Hua huffs as she starts counting with her fingers, 'the third prince's schemes are quite deep so maybe, my second prince doesn't have the perseverance to carry out a long term plan that he would deign beneath himself to do, the fourth prince hasn't done much so who knows, Concubine Li's fifth and sixth princes wouldn't be emperor even in the very unlikely event they killed all of us-"

Concubine Li: "Fucking bitch."

"-Concubine Liang's seventh prince in contrast actually might be able to become emperor if he finally snaps and kills all of us-"

Concubine Liang: "You whore." 

"-the eighth prince is a cripple and dead, and finally the coquettish ninth prince is well-liked by the empress so he wouldn't have reaped many benefits from this either." Concubine Hua finally concludes. "Therefore I think it's the third or fifth prince who's done this to sabotage one of the others. Or maybe Concubine Chen's finally snapped, she's crazy that one, still stupidly in love with the emperor believes she still has a chance since she had his firstborn son, like, damn, I wouldn't be surprised."

"Tsk, all the concubines with eligible princes have gone mad with ambition ah." Concubine Liang disses disdainfully. "They pop out a little dragon son and suddenly they feel like they can topple the empress and become the emperor's beloved little fairy. Hah, pathetic."

Concubine Li and Concubine Hua: '...' Weren't they all like that until they realized their sons were wastes with no future on the throne?

Never mind. Never mind. It's best not to remember their chuuni pasts.

They all silently sipped their tea in unison and internally shed tears about their lost hopes and dreams. 

...

While the subjects in the palace were suffering the emperor was too. 

He had only fallen ill for a month or two and everyone was already treating him as a dead man. Most of his eligible sons were fighting. The concubines were scheming. The ministers and officials were bickering. It was already very depressing. 

Then he got news about what happened to Eunuch Shi.

Don't get him wrong, there are no better informants than the emperor's. He knew Eunuch Shi was hale and hearty but what scared him was that someone tried to target him in the first place. The emperor once again scolded whichever damn dog was behind such a daring move. 

The empress was furious with him for letting such a thing happen. After all, he vetted the young doctor himself and felt he was safe for the silly Eunuch Shi. 

Who knew the doctor would break and be bribed so fast right after taking on the job? It should be known that the doctor's background was thoroughly inspected beforehand and it had only been a week since he started to personally work for Eunuch Shi.

Even as an emperor who had to fight with his brothers and sisters and aunties in order to grasp the throne with his bloodied hands, he was speechless at the stupid and complete lack of loyalty there. Fucking hell man, you're a doctor can you not break your moral code so quickly? Are you even human??? 

The only reason she probably hadn't throttled him in his sleep is because 1. Eunuch Shi is actually safe and sound, 2. He was very ill and she did care about his him and 3. It would probably be considered too much of a hassle. And yes, this was probably in order of importance in the empress' heart.

Emperor: '...Aiyah it's so difficult.'

And then there was the message sent to the empress.

The one which confirmed the existence of a real dragon and a dragon saintess who was also a proper medical genius.

The one which confirmed the empress' favourite eunuch personally met a dragon.

Before himself.

The dragon emperor.

Dragon emperor: ...Wuwuwuwu.

After hearing the news he had immediately wanted to summon them and see the dragon for himself but he hesitated. 

There must be a reason why they didn't go request an audience with himself right?

But... why?

The emperor was facing a dilemma similar to a modern teenager overthinking why the attractive person they were interested in didn't text them first despite the fact the other party clearly had their number and could communicate with them anytime. 

If it was anyone else he would've been angry and demanded the guards to bring the people here by all means necessary. After all, he was the dragon emperor.

But the thing is he may be the dragon emperor, but the other party was a real-life dragon!

Dragon!

People were always the type to, on some level, worship the strong and bully the weak. As the dragon emperor, he should be on the pinnacle of the social pyramid and was allowed to be arrogant. However, now that he realised there was something above the title of emperor, he had now fallen back to his bad habits of fretting and anxiety.

If he summoned the dragon rearing lady doctor didn't that make it look like he was the desperate one? Was it too presumptuous? Was he supposed to do something specific to summon them? What if they thought he wasn't a good emperor? Too hasty and impatient? Rude? Would she look down on him? Would the dragon look down on him? Oh my god, what if the dragon just wasn't interested in him? Is that why they haven't come here yet? It's because he's ill, isn't it? Or maybe because he's not handling the recent droughts well? Was he an unattractive dragon emperor?

Ahhhh why wasn't there any rules from his ancestors about dragon etiquette????

Jia Hyson did not know the emperor had become a nervous wreck thinking about the best way to meet Tang Muxin and himself. And what was worse was it was something nobody could really comfort him about as most people in the palace still didn't believe the whole dragon thing and even his sons and daughters were secretly dubious about their existence. Well except the seventh prince. But that boy is honestly this close to making his own cult and slaughtering the entire family in order to try to appease the dragon gods. 

Needless to say, the emperor did not really want to deal with all of that.

Unable to decide what to do the emperor finally decided to go discuss with his legal wife Empress Cheng Meifeng. The one who was furious with him.

...Well, it really wasn't like she could get more mad anyway. 

The empress was someone, truth be told, the emperor liked and trusted a lot. If not how could he just let her have so much power and allow her to throw such a big tantrum, the officials in the court were begging for him to calm her down? 

While he had been conquering her, he even helped her gather up her own allies to better protect her beloved Eunuch Shi in order to move her heart better, which was more than a little inappropriate, not to mention a little heart-breaking. During that whole period, the emperor really felt like he was giving himself the biggest green hat in existence as he wooed the empress by taking care of another man for her. 

But what could he do? Empress Cheng, or how he refers to her now, Meifeng was his first love. 

This was simply because she helped him save face during a discussion of poetry in which he had been an embarrassingly poor student in. Not only did she help, but she also helped cleverly, subtly and a little humorously by miming out a scene that helped him jog his memory when he was forced to recite a certain poem.

He wasn't a very favoured prince back then but his emperor father pretended to dote on him in order to protect the son he liked the most meaning he had to endure a lot of hardship and targeting. He was not as smart nor strong as his best brothers but not as bad as his worst brothers either so there was dissatisfaction on both sides and nobody wanted to ally with him. Even the poetry reading was a trap to humiliate him. It was only Young Miss Cheng Meifeng who took the risk to help him and cause her own face to be lost which moved him greatly. 

Therefore he wanted to cherish her and become strong enough to cherish her freely.

Unfortunately even after gaining the status of the supreme emperor he had realized there was probably no such thing as real freedom here. Whether it's his duties to the country and the people or the enemies and allies he had made along the way he was constrained and had to do things he didn't like, didn't want to do and things he really thought he didn't have to do. 

Life as an emperor was never as good as one thinks. Similar to the life of a domineering CEO, do you think it's as easy as the brainless books say? No, the CEO's need to work hard to keep their place, to maintain their positions and to make sure the part of the company they're in charge of doesn't suddenly die under their hands, it's got a lot of rewards and power but theirs no denying how stressful and demanding the job is. 

This is why the emperor didn't really care much about his sons or their ambitions to become emperor. Well that's not quite right. He liked all his sons, even the strange ones, and sure he had favourites, but the only one he wanted as emperor was someone capable and competent enough to take the position. Not someone like himself who came into this rather half-arsed with only the stupid ideal of entering in order to be powerful enough to protect a cute lady. 

Unfortunately, as he tried not to show any large amount of favouritism to any one person, he was also not close to any of his children as a consequence. This meant while he had a good grasp of everyone's capabilities, it was impossible to have a proper in-depth understanding of their personalities and motivations with the information he had. 

Also, he was suddenly and rather suspiciously ill. On one hand, it could just mean that it was merely his time to go, but on the other hand, the large paranoid part of him can't help but think someone was behind his 'unknown illness' and one of his good sons or wives would certainly be behind it.

The emperor grimaces. One problem at a time ah.

Reaching the empress' quarters, he knocks on the door.

...

Three weeks later Tang Muxin, Pan Shuchun, Ye Cheng, and two masked guards, as well as Jia Hyson and Da Gong, all stepped into the palace.




Two weeks later, right as the group were preparing to officially open their shop Dragon's Hoard, a middle aged man entered the Fairy Garden Inn.

Eunuch Shi who was helping the widow who owned the inn man the lobby, was dressed up very flamboyantly and looking oddly ageless and mysterious, courtesy of the new make up products Pan Shuchun had forced upon his face. 

Eunuch Shi wasn't very enthusiastic but about it but he did enjoy the herbal fragrance of the perfume they gave him. Not only did it completely mask his ahem smell, it was not sickly and overpoweringly sweet like his old perfumes. Even though he was used to it, he couldn't deny that sometimes he wanted to vomit from nausea every time he had reapply the flowery perfume to himself. This herbal one was much more refreshing to his senses, minty and fresh. 

It had only been a few weeks but Eunuch Shi felt nothing but good feelings toward Tang Muxin's group. The perfume alone was enough to make him swear allegiance to them, but now it was really the cherry on top.

He had learnt that Tang Muxin was responsible for saving his life. Not only that, her dragon had been so moved by his past virtues that the creature even donated some of his blessed saliva during his surgery resulting him recovering with fantastical swiftness.

Jia Hyson whose been unwillingly squeezed dry by Tang Muxin during the surgery: ...Heh. Sure. Whatever. 

They even gave him a beautiful jade stone to help facilitate his healing and improve his weak health. Not only was it imperial jade, it was also a pure legendary warm jade, not only having a warm lustre but even warm to hold, giving him a comfortable feeling when he holds it. He heard from them that it was because Jin Bao had personally blessed it.

Jia Hyson whose shit had been given to Eunuch Shi as an experiment to see if it improves his health: ...Yeah, blessed it out of my ass.

So even though he had ordered the guards to help the best they can, Eunuch Shi in good conscious, could not sit still. Therefore he volunteered to help with the Fairy Garden Inn and some basic administrative work. After spending time with everyone, he very much enjoyed their personalities and felt quite relaxed.

The middle of the day was not a busy time for the inn so Eunuch Shi was sighing as he thought of Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong.

Tsk, tsk, such a lovely, sweet young man who also liked animals, if he was twenty, no, even ten years younger Eunuch Shi would have really seriously considered pursuing the man. 

Eunuchs were granted marriages, and even though it was not common it was also not an impossible thing either. Some women would even try actively seduce the higher ranking eunuchs as they are better paid and hold more power than the men in the same class as them. After all, in everyone's eyes, any eunuch would be lucky to have a person interested in him, and he couldn't perform his duties as a man so no matter what the woman would be the ones trapped and pitied. 

However some women may see the opposite. A man with power and money, who she didn't have to serve daily, who she won't be pressured into having children with, and who would certainly not cheat on her with- isn't that really good? Even if they cannot have children, they can help support their family and their children! They can ask to adopt one of the children in their paternal or maternal homes! 

Of course there were also some ladies that were too ambitious and there are tragic stories about them using the eunuchs to rise up in status and try attract some nobleman's eyes but that's a whole different thing.

Homosexuality also wasn't a large deal. Well, that's not correct. It wasn't a large deal for the rich who had many concubines and wives anyway. To them, what was the novel taste of a handsome pretty boy except a new experience? As long as you keep it under wraps nobody cared. 

Eunuch Shi being homosexual would barely cause any waves. He didn't have any parents to be filial to, he wasn't actually a noble, he had a large backer and he had no obligated duty to produce offspring. This coupled with his reputation meant no one would really say anything except for some snide comments to his back. If anything he may even receive some young men as bribes or something to try curry favour with himself. 

In short, if he really went to pursue anyone, there wouldn't be many who would stop it unless it directly affected their interests. So despite being an eunuch he was actually quite popular, even now. After all, the accumulated treasures he now had was not few.

Unfortunately he never found anyone who could make his heart skip a beat until now. It was such a shame really. 

The worst part in his opinion wasn't that Ye Cheng, such a lovely man was taken. After all, he, himself was in his fifties, and had been in relatively poor health for a long time. Eunuch Shi had no intention on forcing any feelings on a young man with so much life ahead of him. He was very content to just enjoy these feelings and experience the bittersweet feeling of a first crush. But he was deeply unreconciled with the person Ye Cheng had lost his heart too.

Yan Huizhong. The eighth prince.

Eunuch Shi massaged his forehead, annoyed just thinking about it. As the empress' favoured eunuch he was very familiar with the harem politics and the situation with the princes. Though the empress had no children, that didn't mean they weren't part of the fight for the throne. After all, the choice of who became the crown prince will of course affect the empress and her standing no matter what.

Yan Huizhong was one of the most eligible in their eyes. A dark horse with great power should he be cultivated well. However his personality was gloomy and had a deep and obvious desire to establish that he belonged in the palace making him easily manipulatable. Eunuch Shi and the empress had tried to dig him up, after all he had no mother to back him making him almost perfect despite his personality flaws, but unfortunately the crown prince got him first. 

The crown prince and his mother was the biggest thorn in the empress' side. 

Therefore since then neither she nor Eunuch Shi, liked the eighth prince who boosted the crown prince's faction greatly with his presence. As the faction who have received more than a few blows thanks to the eighth prince's intelligent and underhanded schemes, Eunuch Shi greatly understood what a bastard this guy was.

It didn't matter how pretty the eighth prince's appearance was, or that he somehow became a cripple, Eunuch Shi knew it was his insidious mind and innate sadism that one must look out for. Eunuch Shi tsk-ed again. If it wasn't clear to this old eunuch that Yan Huizhong seemed to really be genuine toward Ye Cheng, he would have been sorely tempted to do something. 

He wouldn't do anything drastic of course. Yan Huizhong was also aware of who he was and still let him stay, and it was obvious the injury to the prince's legs was probably due to some conspiracy with the crown prince. Therefore with the mindset of an enemy of an enemy must be a friend, Eunuch Shi was reluctant to burn this newly made bridge they had. 

Still. Seeing Ye Cheng with Yan Huizhong was really like seeing a flower in cow dung. Peh.

While idly thinking about small petty ways to annoy the eighth prince while not actually crossing any lines, the little wind chimes by the entrance door makes a delicate tinkling sound. Eunuch Shi immediately puts away his grumblings and looks toward the entrance with a faint, mysterious smile that produced the most handsome effect for his face and current make up style, which he had been forced to practice for far more hours than he would have liked. 

"Welcome, welcome, weary traveller to the- cough" Eunuch Shi splutters as the familiar face of the emperor walks toward him, glancing around in curiosity.

"You've been picked up by some interesting people ah," The emperor glances at the fantastical style of the lobby before peering with bemused interest at the eunuch's make up. "Huh, you look pretty good like this. Maybe I should make all the eunuchs wear this sort of thing. Maybe they'll be less uptight and annoying to look at."

"Y-your majesty," Eunuch Shi quickly ran around the counter and began to kneel only to be stopped by the emperor.

"Tsk, oh Eunuch Shi don't be like that," The emperor sighs, "obviously zhen came incognito here or else there would have been the usual parade of guards around."

"Of course your majesty," Eunuch Shi laughs with slight embarrassment, "Sorry, I was too excited."

The emperor pats the older eunuch on the head, "Zhen is aware, Meifeng sends her regards. She misses you dearly." 

The last part was said with some strain however it was unnoticed by Eunuch Shi who was overcome with emotion the moment the emperor mentioned the empress. 

"That's great!" Eunuch Shi immediately spilled brightly before showing an expression of worry, "How is she? Is she eating well? She complained about being chilly in the evenings. I asked the chefs to make sure she drinks some warm, sweet ginger-barley soup, do you know if she's taking it? Aiyah, we also planned to watch the full moon and have a picnic together if the weather was good. I hope she didn't mind."

Eunuch Shi sighs, "No, I'm worrying too much. Meifeng is a grown woman now and won't be bothered by us missing our monthly night picnic under the stars, or doing work side by side, or trying to learn to make meals and sew together in the evenings..."

The emperor's eyes twitched violently. Oi, why does it feel like he's just the messenger between two star crossed lovers here? How come he feels like he's just eaten dogfood?

Even though he liked Eunuch Shi as a person and considers him a good friend after all these years... he still couldn't help but want to strangle him every time they talk about his wife. 

He recalls the recent two weeks of cold treatment and he grinds his teeth. 

Emperor: This motherfucking lightbulb. Even when he's gone he shines bright.

Eunuch Shi: Empress- I miss you-

Empress Meifeng, somewhere: I hope Eunuch Shi comes back soon-

Emperor: _

Emperor:  

After some idle chit chat, Eunuch Shi brings up his observations and thoughts about Tang Muxin and the group. Even though he owes them, his heart and loyalty in the end is to the empress and emperor. 

Fortunately everyone was aware of this and made sure Eunuch Shi wasn't given access to any confidential things such as whatever Yan Huizhong and Duan Mengyao were doing. Eunuch Shi on his part, did not actively look for secrets either. It was a silent tacit understanding of boundaries and trust. 

The emperor fortunately was quite mild, and was neither overly ambitious or power-hungry during his reign, having a ruling that was neither full of ups or downs. He had no intention of using the group for any big plans to secure his seat on the throne or anything. He was mainly here to meet the dragon, arrange a formal official meeting with the dragon and it's saintess in order for him to save face as an emperor, and see if Eunuch Shi was okay. 

However just because he wasn't ambitious, that didn't mean he wasn't interested in living longer. Hearing about Tang Muxin's medical abilities first hand made the emperor's interest rise from an already high 90% to 130%. 

"Even your health has stabilised?" The emperor's hand trembled in excitement for a second. After all, he knew very well that Eunuch Shi's constitution has been weak for a long time now. The empress cared greatly for Eunuch Shi, and the emperor cared greatly for the empress, so the fact Eunuch Shi practically had the entire kingdom's resources and still barely improve really spoke volumes on how bad his health was. It got slowly worse over the years as well, it was the sort of thing where the eunuch could be bedridden for a month if he got a light chill. If this young dragon saintess was capable of helping Eunuch Shi, then there's no doubt she could help himself.

"Not just that," Eunuch Shi boasted happily, smiling brightly. The emperor squints slightly. It wasn't very noticeable but it looked like Eunuch Shi looked a bit younger? His skin was always good thanks to the empress sharing her skincare with him, but the emperor felt like there were less wrinkles than before. "I feel that not only has it stabilized it's improving. My joints don't ache as much, I feel more energetic, and even my appetite has returned! I feel like I'm ten years younger." 

Eunuch Shi coughs and in an embarrassed, quiet voice he even confesses, "Even my ahem private region has improved a little. The scarring and tightening creams the young ladies gave me have worked wonders and now it is no longer as difficult to look at and endure." 

The emperor was surprised, pleasantly so. The wound from castration is old and Eunuch Shi was unfortunate to have a bit of a messy surgery causing there to be some complications in healing. Hearing how the dragon saintess even was helping solve that further convinced the emperor of her abilities. He even felt the saintess was more valuable than the dragon at this point.

A dragon was a dragon. Fierce and powerful. The emperor didn't know the details but he knew that these creatures that he once considered myths were real and that only one was left to his knowledge. In his mind the options were something happened to cause the dragons to die out or they left humans a long time ago to live in a faraway land. 

He wanted to meet a dragon sure, but it was like a little boy's great wish to visit Disneyland after someone described it to him. It was a strong desire but compared to meeting a doctor capable of healing what was considered previously as incurable, it was just a whim, incomparable to the responsibility he must hold. 

Even if he entered the fight for the throne with rather half-assed intentions, but that didn't mean he would do the same for his ruling. And while he was satisfied with the peace he has done his best to try maintain, the emperor knew that with the recent reports about the farmlands and the grain problems, that peace was reaching an end soon. A miracle doctor isn't as good as an agriculture expert but they may provide some insight to help prepare for the oncoming years.

Also, like, who wanted to be dying ah? It would be great if the dragon saintess could give him a few more healthy years. Maybe long enough for some of his younger sons to grow up and become eligible for the throne. Because let's face it, he could randomly throw a rock at the princes that are currently able to fight for the throne and he cold guarantee he would hit a crazy one. 

Seriously. The emperor doesn't know if it's him or his wives, the tutors, the maids, or maybe just something in the water but he's pretty sure his imperial brothers weren't this weird when he was younger. Sure they were vicious backstabbing pieces of shit bastards, but it was the normal kind. 

Oh, oh, maybe the dragon saintess has something for his kids!

Princes 1 to 9: ...Thanks dad.

In short the emperor, as a man with a serious mysterious illness, a bunch of spicy chicken sons, and a country predicted to go into a really bad rough patch, was very tempted in asking for Tang Muxin's services immediately. It almost overtook his desire to flatter. 

Fortunately he was a man who had discipline beaten into him since he was young. He understood that that it was more important to treat the dragon and the saintess well in order to gain better benefits both for himself and the country. It wouldn't do to treat her just like any old doctor and ask for her to diagnose him on the first meeting. It was similar to meeting a singer and asking them to sing a song for you. Very rude.

Of course this sort of attitude is only because Tang Muxin had a golden dragon thigh as a backer, otherwise he wouldn't be so considerate. 

Though the emperor didn't voice it, Eunuch Shi didn't keep his high position solely from the empress' favour along and already knew the other's intentions. After some more updating, Eunuch Shi then led the emperor up to Pan Shuchun's private room upstairs where everyone else was present. 

The emperor who entered was immediately shocked to see the presence of not only the missing Eighth prince but even Duan Mengyao as well. He glanced at Eunuch Shi who looked away and coughed awkwardly. To be honest the eighth prince and General Duan didn't really interest Eunuch Shi much as people so inevitably he sort of forgot to bring them up.

Eighth Prince and Duan Mengyao: Heh.

Emperor: '...' It seems he needs to have a good talk with his spies ah. 

Being an emperor doesn't mean he's omniscient but Yan Huizhong was his own son and Duan Mengyao was a very notable figure in the military. Him not having any information about them in the past few months and then finding they've been in the capital under his nose for at least two weeks minimum really fucks with his paranoia ah.

Of course his shock really couldn't compare to Yan Huizhong and Duan Mengyao's own.

After all they had planned so hard and had been carefully hiding their tracks in order to make a comeback and take revenge. Suddenly when everything was almost in place their respected father and boss respectively bursts in and catches them with their metaphorical pants down. The emotion was really hard to describe. 

Jia Hyson was also surprised. He didn't expect this sort of thing at all ah. 

'That's the emperor.' Bebe informs him.

'I know ah,' Jia Hyson waves his tail and touches his snout thoughtfully, 'I can more or less sense his blessing, it's pretty strong, much stronger than other people's, including Yan Huizhong's.'

Then again he supposes if Yan Huizhong had inherited a lot of his bloodline's blessing he wouldn't have become a cripple in the first place ah. 

The blessing in the imperial family is stronger than most, like the Wen family who were devout followers of dragons could still not compare to the imperial family's blessing. However even if it is stronger than most it still cannot fight against time and has weakened significantly. If given a somewhat accurate description it would be like a waterfall being reduced to a high pressure water sprayer. It's still powerful but not 'able to sustain a country' powerful. 

When the blessing was strong people don't notice anything wrong but the weaker it gets the more fickle it can be. That's why the most recent generation of princes have become a little strange and the blessing of success is not evenly distributed either. Yan Huizhong had the worst luck so far so his blessing was probably the weakest, even Duan Mengyao had a stronger blessing when they first met and he wasn't a direct descendant of the imperial family at all! Well... he wasn't officially anyway. The whole bloodline thing gets quite messy when people have harems and you think about all those stories where corrupt princes will go rape whatever beauties catch their interests etc. 

Duan Mengyao aside, Jia Hyson hadn't seen another proper imperial till now to compare with Yan Huizhong to confirm the theory till now. 

Seeing the emperor there was an undeniable feeling. Like there could be no one else who could be the emperor but him, that sort of feeling. 

Seeing the emperor stare at him in shock, Jia Hyson quickly activated [Karmic Insight] and was a little dazzled. The aura wasn't pure gold, Jia Hyson has never seen a pure gold aura before but he assumes only top tier winners in life with good hearts could managed to get that sort of thing. Like pure white lotus protagonists in a sweet romance story. 

The emperor's aura overall base color was a faint blue, the faint coloration showing his health wasn't very good at all, but the edges of the aura was outlined in gold and it was like someone threw a large heaping of gold glitter into his aura. 

If a child put a few drops of blue food dye in a white bucket filled with water, and then an entire bottle of gold glitter into the bucket as well before mixing it, that's probably more or less what Jia Hyson was seeing now. It was unexpectedly very childish the more you look at it.

Jia Hyson glances at Yan Huizhong. Since he had been around himself, this super cute lucky dragon, for so long his blessing was stronger than before. But unlike the emperor's blessing which manifested as a glitter effect, Yan Huizhong's was merely a background shimmer. His original vicious blood red aura had become a mix of red and dark blue, with the majority of the aura being a deep purple with the two former colors bleeding out randomly. It suggested he was at a very dramatic transition in his life where he would face many crossroads ahead. 

If one could describe the emperor's blessing as the art project of one very enthusiastic child, Yan Huizhong's might be of an indecisive artist who original wanted to paint something golden, already painted the canvas gold, then changed his mind and painted the red and blue and purples on top. The golden background was strong enough to see past the other paints if one squints hard enough, at the very least it produced a pleasant iridescent sheen to the whole image. 

Still, that didn't make the fact the blessing was still very weak. If there wasn't a strong outline of gold around the aura Jia Hyson really could just dismiss it as some other thing entirely. 

It seems Yan Huizhong was most likely not destined for the throne unless he received some serious outside help. Tsk tsk. Not even rubbing off on a lucky dragon and protagonist aura can help him. How sad and pathetic. 

Yan Huixhong: '...' Why do I suddenly feel so angry?   

Then again maybe the blessing only fully activates once a prince becomes the emperor and every prince's blessing is more or less dormant. Jia Hyson only had theories to go off of for now ah.

As he ponders about the feasibility of his second hypothesis, there was actual drama happening in the room.

"My son," After hiding his shock and awe at the dragon, the emperor turned to Yan Huizhong, his demeanor oppressive and dignified. Even in his commoner disguise, once the emperor put on his facade there was no denying that he exuded a majesty no normal person could have. 

Yan Huizhong instinctively shrunk his neck like a naughty child. It wasn't just him, the domineering pressure of the emperor affected everyone. Duan Mengyao was a general and a good soldier can both lead and follow orders, he was very patriotic and his solemn, militaristic nature made him automatically want to salute toward the emperor. Tang Muxin who was a super spy assassin doctor was no better as her temperament was a more gentler version of Duan Mengyao's. 

Pan Shuchun who was just a normal fashion student in modern times and Ye Cheng, a proper ancient commoner resisted the urge to get on their knees. These two had absolutely no resistance to this sort of thing and felt shaken to the core. They silently swore in their hearts as cold sweat poured down their back.

Ye Cheng: Fuck! The emperor is so mighty! How amazing! As expected of the great dragon emperor!

Pan Shuchun: Fuck! The dramas on tv don't do the emperor's domineering aura justice! How frightful! How handsome! Ah ah I think I peed a little! 

On the other hand Da Gong who was in the corner merely huffed, looking completely unaffected. Jia Hyson was also resistant. After all when he took the white lotus acting classes, one of his classmates was also an emperor, and he had already gotten used to his imposing aura that the man used whenever he wanted to gain back face. It was very cute. Jia Hyson really wanted to fuck him and see him cry. Unfortunately the emperor in his class was very proud and dropped out of the class after two lessons. There was no time to scope out the availability of the proud, domineering emperor.

Seeing the same powerful aura on this man, Jia Hyson just perked up his ears, tail wiggling in interest.

The emperor wasn't ugly but he wasn't handsome either, like most people in the world his looks were just ordinary. In order to produce a beauty like Yan Huizhong though it's fair to say his harem is filled with extraordinarily beautiful women. 

Jia Hyson didn't care if a man has ordinary or extraordinary looks though. As long as his interest is piqued he will be attracted. He only looked for beautiful people when he wanted them specifically, other than that everyone was ultimately free game as long as they didn't have a ring on their finger. 

Of course the emperor had many metaphorical rings on his finger, but this was ancient China, and he was the fucking emperor. Jia Hyson felt like he could bend his morals in this sort of circumstances. 

Bebe: 'Your suspiciously flexible moral standards may not stop you but you have a big black cock blocker that would.' 

As if on cue Da Gong pecked Jia Hyson's ear lightly in admonishment. Then, after a second of thought, opened his beak, and licked the tip of the dragon's ear. 

Jia Hyson: !!! (,, 0 ,,)

The small tongue was hot, and the sudden unexpected action was like lightning going through his ear, down his spine and finally straight into Jia Hyson's heart. His ears twitched violently and his tail which had only been lazily wriggling was now trashing like a fish out of water.

Da Gong felt this reaction was extremely adorable. He desired to see more. And as a chicken who gets what he wants, he opened up his beak and licked the tip of the shivering ear, before clamping down to gently bite it. 

Jia Hyson: !!!!!!!!! ( >  < )

Fuck! What a foul! No, what a fowl! 

Jia Hyson tried to twist his head to look at Da Gong, his large eyes had become watery at the ticklish and erotic sensation of having his sensitive ears being bitten. It gave the dragon a pitiful appearance that enhanced his meng value by 200%. 

Da Gong: !!!!!!! (,,,,) 

Fuck! That appearance was too lovely! Once again his little worm has wormed his way into his heart! How sly! (,,>  <,,) 

Eunuch Shi who was standing behind the emperor and therefore unaffected by the brunt of his imposing and intimidating emperor aura, didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

In one corner there is a very high intensity royal family drama going on, the emperor was overpowering, the servants were shivering and the the whole surroundings were suffocating- and in the other corner there seemed the be some sort of high intensity interspecies flirting going on, which was honestly suffocating in its own way. He can practically see the warm pink bubbles emanating from the dragon and rooster coupling. 

To put it lightly, it was like the embodiment of spring and winter were in the same room. 

Tang Muxin who had a soul bond to Jia Hyson also sensed something amiss and turned her head only to be punched in the face with this new level of dog food being scattered.

Fuck! The literal emperor of the country was here and you guys want to try deepening your relationship now?! Are you animals?!

...it seems they were actually animals ah.   

After a minute, the emperor eased off his intimidation and gave the group a chance to breathe. Smiling genially he looked like a harmless middle aged man but nobody could underestimate him as the cold sweat on their backs were proof enough. It was a very domineering power move but everyone here had their own sort of self pride and high levels of arrogance so it was very effective in making them all submissive at once. 

The only ones who remained unaffected throughout was the dragon and the rooster. The emperor felt that it was normal for the dragon to feel nothing, after all, it was a dragon! However he couldn't help but take a second look at the gigantic rooster who was also unaffected. 

Ever since he ascended the throne his aura had become more powerful and even horses can freeze when he pulls it out. From the ancient records he found when he became emperor it was said that the throne was the true blessing from the dragons. The blessing in their blood was supplementary, training their body and spirit to be able to absorb the real blessings in the future. 

Their bloodline was more blessed then others but it was impossible to produce true equality among children. Otherwise how could any prince win the crown if everyone else was just as lucky as he himself was? Even if there were differences in abilities and personal skills, the mutual damages incurred by a fight with people of relatively equal strength would still be painful. Hence why his luck before being emperor was not always good, and in fact was quite bad. But once they become emperor their luck would be enhanced a few folds. 

It was really sensible. The emperor when he was younger had always complained about how they were all supposedly blessed by the dragons yet some were clearly more blessed by others. However survival of the fittest was a concept everyone understood. It was especially important for finding a leader of the country. You could have all the luck in the world but if you weren't competent enough to use it wisely and help the people then what's the point? The emperor now understood this concept intimately. 

The blessing wasn't something they could take for granted but was a gift for the victor. The supplementary blessing in their veins may even just be a side effect of being the children of the owner of the blessing ie; the previous emperor. 

Of course that was merely a theory. The writings were only so detailed and a lot of information was lost by time, paranoia and greed. Mainly the last two. The emperor's own father especially had sort of lost it by the end of his reign. 

Anyway, the main point of it was his oppressive aura had become nearly palpable once he became emperor. Even the haughtiest foreigner and the most self-entitled prince will feel intimidated by him. It was strange this large bird could ignore him so easily. Was it because it was close to the dragon? No, if that was the case the saintess lady wouldn't be affected either. 

Before the emperor could ponder over this any further, the glimmer of the dragon's scales quickly distracted him. He had been too busy suppressing the group with his aura to pay attention to the dragon, after all, he had repeatedly told himself to focus on the main topics, mainly the reappearance of the very valuable son of the loyal Duan family, Duan Mengyao and Yan Huizhong his gloomy son, not to mention the impressive medical expertise of dragon saintess Tang Muxin. 

In his heart, the emperor subconsciously thought that while a dragon will be amazing to see, it was still an animal and could not be treated with the same value. It was like seeing a rare beast. An attraction. 

This can not be considered the emperor's fault. Humans in the face of animals are naturally narrow-minded and biased with the exception of a few extremes. 

Even if someone hears an animal is smart, they will still believe in human superiority and think it is intelligent compared to other animals- but not against humans. Even in modern day times where information is easily accessible, video proof is abundant and many individuals are able to see the amazing abilities of nature personally, a majority of people will look down on animals and cannot fully comprehend their abilities but only value the external appearance and practical worth.

In these ancient times where the view of animals is a very basic, eat or be eaten attitude, with only the rich raising pets and doctors researching their medical usage, the ignorance is of course much greater. Ye Cheng and Eunuch Shi to some extent were considered anomalies as animal lovers.

Not to mention, the truth was the emperor actually wasn't very fond of snakes. When he was younger he had one planted in his bed by one of his brothers, causing some trauma in him that was never fully healed.

The dragon's body is serpent like and all the paintings and sculptures show the creature to be very fierce and scary. He couldn't really muster up much positive feelings over the image even though he must have them decorated everywhere. However he is used to it. 

But the difference between two dimensional images and three dimensional living breathing objects were very different. A real life dragon is very exciting, and it was true he would really want to see one in real life but he was also a little worried his fear of snakes will suddenly flare up if he sees the creature for the first time. 

The emperor felt like he would've lost his domineering momentum if he looked at the dragon and pissed himself.

However now that he fully laid eyes on the dragon for the first time he felt like this dragon wasn't scary at all.

In fact... it was a little cute?

No... it was really cute? 

No... it was super fucking cute!!!!

What happened next made everyone speechless. 

The emperor who, a moment ago was exuding a terrifying aura that had completely surprised the protagonist group and brought almost everyone half to tears, just glanced to the side for a few seconds and was immediately on his knees, utterly conquered by the cuteness. 

"AHHHH!" The emperor screams in the highest pitch a middle aged man could muster. The more he looked at the dragon the more his heart sped up and feel like the dragon was just so super adorable. Like so cute he could stab his own chest and it wouldn't hurt as long as he keeps looking at this gorgeously cute creature. "IT'S SO CUTE! CAN ZHEN TOUCH YOU?! AHHH LOOK AT IT BLINK OH MY GOD IT'S LITTLE ITTY WHISKERS MOVED AHHH IT'S EARS!!!" (,,,>  <,,)(,,,0  0,,)(,,,>  <,,)

Jia Hyson: '...'

Everyone: '...'

Bebe: 'Well you did ask for a cuteness so cute that even the emperor will bow to your appearance ah.'




The talk, needless to say, went very smoothly.

In fact, if it was to be neatly summarized it would look something like this-

Emperor: Blah blah blah, is that okay?

Tang Muxin: Hmm... I'm not comfortable with blah how about blah?

Emperor: That's a bit... 

Jin Bao, rises up and lays the upper half of his body on the emperor's lap: Mrrp.

Emperor: Zhen will do what Zhen can ah. 

Ye Cheng: I am also worried about blah blah.

Emperor: Well you don't have to worry about that given you are-

Jin Bao, twists onto his back and lightly tugs the emperor's robes playfully while sticking out his tongue: Krrree.

Emperor: Your worries are completely valid and Zhen will make sure that blah won't happen. 

Pan Shuchun: Hey is it possible for you to blah blah blah?

Emperor: No matter what, you guys are all commoners. Other than the dragon saintess who is unique Zhen cannot just arbitrarily help you with-

Jin Bao, batting his eyes and letting his tail curl around the emperor's wrist coquettishly: Mreeep

Emperor: Zhen is the emperor. Anyone who questions who Zhen helps can question if they want to live as well. 

Yan Huizhong: ...

Oh no, someone replaced his emperor father with a tyrannical dragon loving pervert. 

Yan Huizhong glances at Da Gong squatting below the emperor's seat, swinging between furiously guzzling vinegar or calm shyness depending if the golden dragon pays attention to him or not while selling meng to the emperor. 

Yan Huizhong who felt the image was eerily familiar, quickly retracts and remakes his previous statement. 

Oh no, someone replaced his emperor father with a replicate of Da Gong. 

Feeling that this needed to stop before his emperor father bestowed the entire kingdom's treasury to everyone in a fit of overindulgence, the eighth prince coughed loudly. Both the emperor and Da Gong immediately turned to glare at him impatiently, irritated that their time with the cute dragon was interrupted. 

Yan Huizhong: ...

Aiyah how scary.   

Seeing his son be sufficiently cowed, the emperor snorted and continued to pet, pet the dragon.

To be honest the emperor was also not a fan of Yan Huizhong. He admitted he liked the prince's capabilities and intelligence a lot however the emperor, who has gone through various trials and tribulations in the fight for the crown, naturally sensed the black-bellied nature of this child. 

All good emperors should have a bit of a black belly, but the eighth prince seriously had a lot of problems. He was gloomy and will only change his attitude for the better to people he felt were worth it. Not to mention he chose to follow the crown prince who was arrogant and clearly full of lies and bad intentions. This meant Yan Huizhong's EQ was bad and was the type who followed those who praised him and made him happy.

If he became the emperor wouldn't he set up the kingdom into ruin and corruption???

The emperor was pretty smart, and like his own father, he had his own tricks to try his best to pick his sons for the throne. And for a prince who had personally experienced his own trials and hardships, he had no qualms about digging pits for his own kids.

He favoured the most spoilt son and made him crown prince, and threw him to his brothers to see which fish would bite this fat meat. However, he wasn't as cruel and genuinely did treat the crown prince very well unlike in his own childhood where his emperor father only made a public show of love toward him but ultimately leaving him to fend for himself. 

The crown prince in fairness was naturally talented and cunning. In the emperor's mind, if nobody else could step up, the crown prince should still be groomed with the intention to take over. If the crown prince wasn't so arrogant, selfish, lazy and short-sighted he would've been almost perfect to be honest. 

Then again if most people weren't these things they'll be a lot of almost perfect people in the world ah.  

All in all, the emperor felt like the crown prince was the last resort emperor and a top-notch bait. After all, birds of the same feather will eventually flock together. 

To his pleasant surprise, none of his other sons took this bait and ate up the crown prince's bullshit. Other than a few nibbles here and there it was clear that the princes were all individualistic and were not easily fooled. Other than giving the crown prince enough face and flattering him to avoid any future troubles, everyone more or less kept to themselves, choosing to one-up others with their own skills and some minor sabotage. 

It was only the eighth prince Yan Huizhong who not only took the bait but swallowed it whole with barely any hesitation. This made the emperor have a naturally unfavourable impression of him. 

It was a bit like the feeling when you make a shitty art project, and you know it's shitty and you objectively know that by normal human aesthetic standards it's shitty but then one of your friends comes along and acts like it's such an amazing piece of work and that they wish they could've done as good as you did ooooh they love the colour scheme, it's so wild and gorgeous. Then when you call them out on it they will determinedly double down on the compliments to show how genuine they are, making you even surer of their fakery. 

A real friend will shit on the art project with you okay? 

This sort of cheap son, who wasn't even good at saying sweet words and gaining followers like the crown prince was really quite a waste ah. Intelligence is good and all, but without the proper emotional capabilities, it's really just a waste. It was more annoying than having a complete idiot of a son really.

And did the emperor feel bad about how the eighth prince lived in the beginning? A little ah. But palace life was a cold one. One couldn't live by being the Virgin Mary here. 

Everyone is dealt with cards and if there are no hardships and sufferings to go through there's nothing to temper yourself with. The emperor was raised on survival of the fittest where it was considered good enough if your emperor father didn't purposely pit you or scheme against you. And after years of fighting his own brothers and concubine mothers. His sympathy and familial feelings for his own blood were naturally low. 

The eighth prince may share similarities with himself but that only makes the repulsion bigger to the emperor. Some people are like this. There are people who enjoy the presence of people with similar personalities to themselves and there are others who dislike it. 

For example, stingy people may like to be friends with other stingy people because they can save together and they understand each other's need to avoid spending too much. Alternatively, stingy people may not like other stingy people and prefer generous people. This attraction and repulsion generally are attributed to various other traits, habits and lifestyles of each individual. 

In this case, the emperor has an arrogance and a slight small-mindedness against people who have been in situations like himself. After all, he has been pitted by his father, his mother didn't help him either and his brothers constantly tried to attack, humiliate and even assassinate him with varying degrees of success. Even the servants had bullied him when he was younger.

However, he pushed through all that, worked hard, tempered his character, learned to network, to flatter and to threaten, and finally overturned heaven's odds to stand at the top. In the emperor's mind, if he could do this can't other people also do the same? At the very least the conditions he set for his sons were all much better than his own, his sons who share his blood should also be able to persevere and do well in their goals.

And while a lot of them came out crazy and strange it was undeniable that they were talented and well praised in certain fields. The crown prince was impatient, impulsive and arrogant but he had the charisma and a decent grasp of leadership and intelligence. The second prince also had some followers- though they were near tears at this point due to his laziness and lack of ambition- and was incredibly popular toward the literati and scholarly people as a man above materialism. 

The third prince was quiet and thoughtful. He was low-key and slowly amassed a following that nearly rivalled the crown prince's. Though the emperor knew he was quite callous and also arrogant, the child was like a stick of bamboo that could bend and sway against the storms that hit him.

The fourth prince has mainly kept to himself and has not accomplished much but at the same time, his backing on his mother's side is very strong as she is the daughter of the current prime minister. Such a timid person with such a trump card who has somehow never gotten into any troubles during his years in the palace is eye-catching in itself. It is unknown how deep these still waters were. The emperor actually has some expectations for this one. 

The fifth prince was a lecherous playboy but also had charisma and was generous and was loved by the commoners- they were commoners from the red light district but still-! 

The sixth prince was a crybaby but if you ignore that he was neither hot nor cold. He also was a very talented painter. Really leaning into the stereotype of sensitive artists but oh well. 

The seventh prince was crazy and a violent dragon loving maniac who believes if he submerged himself in the water long enough during a full moon he can talk to the undead dragon spirits in his mind... But he was annoyingly the most naturally talented prince there was with his natural affinity to martial arts and memory that remembers anything it sees. 

The ninth prince was a bit on the young and immature side, but he had a very sweet mouth so both the empress and himself couldn't help but dote on him. 

But what about the eighth prince? He only had above average intelligence and fighting skills. He only had schemes and plots in his heart but had no charm and always was bitter and insecure. When he had no power he poorly hid in the shadows like some sort of criminal and when he gained power by hugging the crown prince's thigh he was smug and offended people left and right. If the emperor knew what cannon fodder was he would paint the characters on his forehead. 

Yan Huizhong sensed the dislike coming off his emperor father and a flash of resentment passed his eyes. Inwardly he felt deeply wronged. After all his physical condition was already so bad but his emperor father didn't even bat an eye (the emperor already knew from Euncuh Shi), he didn't even look at him for more than a moment (too entranced by how cute the dragon was) and even blindly acquiesced to Tang Muxin's demands when he, as his own son, wouldn't even dare dream of arguing back for fear of being scolded (again, too in love with the cuteness of the dragon). 

Is the dragon really more important than his own son?? (Emperor: Yes. Totally. No need to even think about it. Y'all suck anyway.) 

Depressed Yan Huizhong still couldn't let his emperor father lose any more face. After all, this is still the emperor! The emperor's face was the country's face! And that face shouldn't be openly making kissy fish faces! Even if it is at a dragon!

If this wasn't worse, Ye Cheng was there! Ahhhh, how fucking embarrassing! His emperor father is so wise and regal most of the time, but why was he so cringey now???

"Emperor father," Yan Huizhong forced himself to ignore his father's dislike and continue on with a thick face, "Don't you think it isn't good for you to stay out for so long?"

The emperor sneered, "Zhen can do as he pleases- also the empress is covering for Zhen."

Yan Huizhong: Ah, that explains it.  

"Still," Yan Huizhong tried to desperately think up an excuse to get the emperor to leave, however, he was quickly stopped at a sudden tug on his robes.

"Huizhong," Ye Cheng hisses, eyes more than faintly worried, "That's the emperor, show some respect."

Yan Huizhong: '...' Oh right, he hasn't told Ye Cheng his identity yet. 

"Yes... person," The emperor raises his eyebrows. As a man who has experienced much drama he more or less understood and was completely amused at the situation. "Show Zhen some respect."

Yan Huizhing: '...' How did he never realise emperor father was such an asshole?

Jia Hyson still in the emperor's lap perks his ears up. 'Oh damn, how did he hear Ye Cheng?'

Bebe helpfully answered for him, 'Dragon's blessing. Randomly raised a lot of his stats. According to the [World Encyclopedia], the last emperor had great eyesight, amazing grip strength and could hold his breath for a long time.'

Jia Hyson: '...' This dragon blessing was really casual huh.

Finally seeing his usually gloomy son getting so flustered and so easily bullied by himself, the emperor, after a few rounds of teasing him, felt the child was not too bad after all. 

Since most of the negotiations were done, the atmosphere was much more easygoing. The emperor felt like he already lost a lot of his dignity anyway so he relaxed and became very casual, which was a very refreshing experience for him. Petting the dragon, sipping tea and listening to the young people chat about their travels and dreams about opening a shop, the emperor felt a little bittersweet. Looking at the eighth prince who was actually smiling and even occasionally joking with the rather lively group, the emperor fell into some contemplation.

He has been a decent emperor and to be a good one you must sacrifice your fatherhood to a large extent. Maybe, just this once he might try his hand in being a good father for one of his sons. 

...

A few weeks later Tang Muxin and the group formally entered the palace in a big hurrah.

The emperor even personally called out carriages for them to show how much he valued their visit. Nobody doubted the emperor's sincerity and the entire capital was abuzz at the news.

Yan Huizhong who was still disabled and couldn't leave his wheelchair despite his well-nourished body, could only watch them all leave earlier in the morning with clenched fists. 

Even though he knew it was for the best, that there was no way for him to join as he was still crippled and far too recognisable... it was still frustrating being once again faced with how useless he was. 

But it's okay. Soon he will have his revenge toward the person responsible for this.

Stepping down from the carriage ride, most of the group fell into silence at the view, a little intimidated.

The palace was indeed a palace. Jia Hyson was quite impressed. 

After all, he's only been to these places when they were just historical monuments that were hundred if not thousands of years old. While it still held a great deal of majesty, it really couldn't compare to the real thing in its prime. 

Jia Hyson was not the most avid lover of history and was even the type of ungrateful history scum who would get bored midway through cultural tours that he forced himself to go to whenever he visited new places in order to enlighten himself and also because it reminds him of his mother's love for that sort of thing. Like it was always amazing at first and had the whole 'wow, ancient people were amazing' but after a while of looking at old buildings and listening to the guide talk about the ancient plumbing systems, it was all he could do not to whip out his phone and see if anything on his reading list updated. 

However, this was different ah. The whole palace had a life that will disappear with a thousand years. As such, subconsciously Jia Hyson felt more respectful and appreciative of it. 

Humans were just like this. They won't really appreciate something until it's gone. Once it was gone they will regret bitterly. If they were ever given an opportunity to see it again then they will value it tenfold. 

Even though Jia Hyson didn't really care for history it still made him a little emotional. 

Ah, he was really glad to be a system host. 

Pan Shuchun and Tang Muxin also felt the same way. They even felt like they've truly entered ancient China now that they've stepped into the palace still brimming with vitality. It wasn't that they weren't moved before, it was just that even in modern times there were many places that kept the life of ancient China and its old streets alive such as various old marketplaces and rural farming villages. The difference was not too big, to be honest. 

And the two unfortunate transmigrator ladies really never got to enjoy the life of being rich little misses properly either, so they also never got the ancient noble family experience. Therefore while their heart had long accepted their change in lifestyle, their hearts still underwent great fluctuations seeing as they entered a place they've only seen in imperial dramas. 

"Fuck me," Pan Shuchun felt a bit excited and self-conscious. "I feel like I'm ruining the historical cultural vibe with my clothes right now." Like going to a dress-up party in jeans, she felt a bit out of place. 

Everyone: ...Now you realize? 

She was wearing an attractive modern white waistcoat with a minimalistic blue geometric stitching design coupled with a light azure based dress underneath. It was simple yet eye-catching and was brought two levels higher with her necklace strung up with large blue ice jade! 

This was ice jade! Even though it wasn't considered the best level of jade due to its slightly whitish colouration giving the impression of it being 'icy' it was considered the second-highest rank. And because of its ice jade, the rare deep blue colour of the jade itself did not overpower the outfit but instead complimented it incredibly well while still being the focal point. There were many women of varying statuses that couldn't help but stare at the outfit, particularly the necklace with heated eyes. 

Bebe: 'It's really nice of you host to sacrifice yourself for the sake of fashion.'

Jia Hyson who had 'voluntarily' contributed greatly to the cause of fashion: '...I don't want to talk about it.' 

Who knew that once Pan Shuchun realised that, depending on his diet, he could produce different types of jade with varying quality she would lose any mental resistance toward his 'special homemade dragon jade' and instead became very enthusiastic about it much to Jia Hyson's horror. There was even a poop chart!

A! Poop! Chart!

As for how Pan Shuchun managed to get so much ice blue jade in such a limited amount of time?

...He really doesn't want to talk about it okay?  

Tang Muxin didn't feel the same need to flaunt and preen like Pan Shuchun however she recognised that as the dragon priestess and a future businesswoman she needed to make a distinct and powerful impression. Under Pan Shuchun's guidance, they chose a very bold style for her.

While Pan Shuchun's colour scheme was the classic chinese porcelain of blue and white, Tang Muxin had picked one of the most outrageous styles Pan Shuchun had on hand that she hadn't dared to sell yet.

Gothic and punk style hanfu.

A long skirt of shiny gold silk fabric that shimmered iridescently with every movement due to the fact that it was covered with crushed up gold powder and some of Jin Bao's scales which seemed to have started popping out of his body recently like baby teeth instead of moulting as normal reptiles would have. Over the top of this skirt which was really a national treasure in itself, was a black leather waist skirt with the hem studded with a pattern of alternating golden spiked studs and yellow jade carved with simplistic dragon designs. 

Instead of the usual fabric sash and decorative braid with a jade ornament to tie the skirts together, there was a proper black modern leather belt and chains of pure bright yellow and green jades. Each chain was probably enough to feed a farming family for a lifetime. 

The upper garment of Tang Muxin's outfit was no less outrageous. Because it was clearly inspired by the men's clothing. Not just any men's but the cloth and leather armour of the Tang dynasty. Black lamellar armour covered her chest and shoulders, each segment of the armour shaped like the scales of a snake, with the edges of each scale faintly outlined in gold dust. 

The shirt under the armour was from billowy and light silk, also an inky black that only highlighted the golden arm guards on her wrist. 

Not only that, smokey makeup was lightly applied onto her face which was used as a foil to better show off the cyberpunk style bright yellow designs painted on her face. Tang Muxin really looked incomprehensibly unworldly and fierce.

In short, super cool! 

Ye Cheng was also very handsome in his matching outfit with Pan Shuchun. Even though his skin was tan and dark due to his work and past living environment, it just served to make him look healthy and brimming with a sunny vitality. 

Coupled with his blue and white porcelain style robes and modern waistcoat, as well as the stunning ice blue jades decorating his body, it gave him a more serene and calming atmosphere. Like a calm powerful ocean basking under the hot fiery sun. Even the most colourist noble had to do a double-take and secretly admit how well he looked. And given this was in the time period which was practically the birthplace of colourism, that really spoke volumes on how handsome he looked right now.

Duan Mengyao and Eunuch Shi's most powerful guard disguised as their bodyguards were also not let off. They wore all black with streaks of a more bronzed gold, it was designed in a similar style to Tang Muxin's own ancient punk style. Bold, intimidating, and handsome as hell.

Even Da Gong was strutting around with gold glitter on his feathers and an intricately carved golden necklace. 

As for Jia Hyson? He felt his entrance needed to be no less eye-catching so he sat on the shoulders of Duan Mengyao who was the tallest person there, raising his body up and twisting around to show off his awe-inspiring beauty at the gawkers. 

Lead by Eunuch Shi who was dressed normally, they walked through the palace which was unexpectedly a much longer journey than expected. Like damn, they knew it was going to be big, but actually walking through it was such a trek. 

"Fuck me, oh my god, kill me, just let me die," Pan Shuchun who was the unhealthiest of all of them groans through her increasingly loud panting, "The dramas really fucking lied to me. How come they never made anyone sweaty ah? My makeup may start running soon." 

"Your health is so bad?" Duan Mengyao glances at her with a faint frown of disapproval, "You need to exercise more." He states bluntly.

Pan Shuchun shoots him a glare but finds to her horror, Tang Muxin nodding in agreement. "If you want, you can join me in some of my daily exercises?" The super-assassin, spy, doctor suggests considerately.

Pan Shuchun thinks about Tang Muxin's training regime and pales. "No... no need for that ahaha. Very kind though." With Tang Muxin's superhuman training Pan Shuchun deeply felt that she would either become a muscle woman or a dead one. Either way was not acceptable to her ah.

Duan Mengyao gives Tang Muxin a doting look filled with affection. Aiyah, such a kindhearted woman. He wanted to say he was willing to exercise with her every single morning if she wished for it.

Pan Shuchun: ...The only thing worse than eating the dog food of couples was eating the low-calorie, low-fat dog food of annoying sporty couples. If there were tandem bicycles they would probably be riding them together everywhere.

Ye Cheng pats her shoulder. Feeling comforted, she turns to the other with a grateful smile. "At least you get me ah." 

"Yup," Ye Cheng grins back, "You're a beginner, you should take on my workout first."

Pan Shuchun: ... 

Before she knew it, all her friends seemed to be the ancient version of jocks.  

As a pureblooded student of the arts, she worries deeply for herself.

As they walk through, many eyes with various intentions were watching them in the shadows as they pass. 

The crown prince clasps his hands behind his back and paced around his room. Two shadow guards were kneeling on the floor.

"So it's true? The dragon is real?" 

"Yes, this servant couldn't believe his eyes," One of the guards spoke up, excitement in his voice. "But it was like one of the golden statues brought to life! Really unmistakable my prince."

"Tsk," The crown prince was filled with regret. Why didn't he think to investigate the rumours? If he did he could have established a relationship with a real dragon already! He knew he wasn't the smartest but he wasn't braindead! Ahhh fuck! He was sure one of his other brothers must have gotten to them first!

In the second prince's room, there was also a prince filled with regret.

"Ah! Ah! Ahhhh!" The second prince groans. "If I could have written a poem about the dragon, or even painted its portrait wouldn't I be the first person in this century to do so? Such a waste! Why didn't I look further into the rumours?"

Not only that, if he made friends wouldn't he be able to win his father's praise and gain protection under the dragon saintess? But now he missed the best opportunity to do so!

So frustrating!

In the third prince's room, a similar situation was occurring. 

"Am I an idiot?!" 

The third prince screamed into a vase after dismissing all the servants. "Fuck! Why didn't I investigate?! Why did no one tell me to investigate?! This is so awful! One of my other brothers, if not most of the competent ones must have already established a connection with that saintess! I'm going to be a fool now trying to gain favour so late in the game! Kill me!"

The fourth prince...

"This is unacceptable! Didn't anyone even consider for one moment to go check-"

The fifth...

"WHHHYYYY AM I SUCH A FOOL???? Wuwuwuwuwu..."

...

...

...

In short, the world's consciousness was really thorough in preventing anyone from further investigating Jin Bao's identity until Jia Hyson gave the green light. This was the power of plot armour.

Bebe: 'Aren't you worried that readers are going to complain about this?'

Jia Hyson: 'Peh we already established a reason for the OP luck anyway ah. We did what we could. I feel like we're going to get more haters about having a gay couple anyway.'

Bebe: 'Sad but true.'




When Tang Muxin and the group entered the imperial court, the emperor immediately stood up from his throne with a loving smile.

For a moment, all the officials were flustered. Did the empress barge in again? However the empress likes to wear light gentle colors? Could this be a new woman??? 

The officials sweated as all sorts of dogblooded plots filled their minds before they finally caught sight of the large golden dragon on the guards and they finally recalled today was the day of the dragon saintess' visit. 

Officials: Oh thank god, we don't have to face the empress' wrath later on.

Emperor: '...' The emperor suddenly felt like he wanted to fire everyone in the room inexplicably. 

However their relief was short lived and replaced with a sense of solemnity and awe.

Dragon!

They were seeing a real life dragon! 

Forget a miracle of this lifetime, this was a miracle of several lifetimes! 

Jia Hyson, feeling their fervent gazes sat up and preened under the attention. At this moment a few notifications rang out.

[Ding, ding! A skill is now unlocked and available! Dance of the Dragons: A flick of the tail, a twist of the claw, come, let us dance (Active)]

[Ding, ding! A skill is now unlocked and available! Weather Control: Thunder and lightening it's very exciting! (Active)]

[Ding, ding! A skill is now unlocked and available! Lil blessing: It's just a small one- (Active)]

[Ding, ding! A skill is now unlocked and available! Spiritual energy feedback loop: When there's give, there's take.]

[Ding, ding! A skill is now unlocked and available! Greed: One of the seven sins.]

Under the worshipful gazes of the the court and the emperor, coupled with the more bountiful and dense spiritual energy in the palace air, nearly all of Jia Hyson's special dragon skills that had previously been locked due to energy restrictions were now available. There were so many skills even Jia Hyson didn't recognize them after such a long period of ignoring them, only seeing a few familiar names. 

Seeing the long extensive list of previously greyed out skills light up made Jia Hyson very emotional.

It seems his little life as an OP dragon will finally start now. 

Haha, just kidding. This wasn't that sort of story. Even though Jia Hyson was incredibly tempted to play with all his new skills, he knew that if he did so the balance of the story would give a sudden shift. After all, this was about Tang Muxin and her simple but OP transmigration adventure. It was okay to have a few cheat skills as her mascot but he can't be too active and snatch the halo. 

The passive skills were okay, he couldn't turn those off anyway and they helped strengthen his body better. However Jia Hyson will have to agonize on which special skills he will use in this world after this. [Karmic Insight] and [Cutie Beam] were his main skills right now, it's better to take something with some fighting power now. 

The [Weather Control] is a must given they need to solve agricultural problems in the future. That must be introduced soon in order to not make it seem too convenient when the big drought and it's effects hit. However Jia Hyson also wants something cool and powerful like the [Hyper Beam: Dragonite, go!].

...unfortunately the hyper beam was really too violent. Directly cause a hole into the person's body. Too gory for the genre he's aiming for.

Tsk, it's a pity. Jia Hyson would be interested to see it ah. He tried something similar when he was an evil ghost but it was impossible to cut a circle cleanly through the torso with the powers he had, the most he could do was to slowly gouge out the flesh with his hair. Really not the same. 

What was more tempting was not making the hole in the chest but being able to experiment with such a skill. Think about it, if he could master it well couldn't he stop himself from producing a proper hole through the body and just take a perfect circle of flesh off so he could see the inside of the person? Like a hole in the tree. If the hole in the tree was stuffed with bleeding organs and viscera anyway. 

Aiyah it would be so cool!

Bebe: '...' You're right it's pretty cool. So cool it was downright chilling. 

Bebe felt like maybe it was it's turn to have therapy after this world. The amount of creatively violent fantasies it had been unexpectedly subjected to were way too high given the plot and atmosphere. They were like jump scares. Not good for the heart at all. 

It didn't think it would ever say this, but Bebe truly hoped it's host will get laid. The sooner the better really. 

Feeling excited, Jia Hyson decided to use one of the few skills that have been activated long ago to show off to these people as a special reward for being lucky enough to be around during his great mood. Raising his body up the highest he can go while balancing on Duan Mengyao's head and shoulders without breaking his neck, and he enthusiastically dances.

A flick of the tail, a twist of the claw, moving his body, he entrances and makes all who see want more. This was the [Dance of the Dragons] skill which would enamor others, relaxing and revitalizing them. Because his bloodline was of the golden fortune dragon, the bonus effect of this was to give the audience a small blessing of luck. This blessing was proportionate to the good deeds each person has done, however even a bad person would still see some proof of improved luck in the next few days. 

Twisting and turning, the dragon body was as flexible as a snake's and with four limbs and opposable claws, the variation of movement Jia Hyson could achieve was very shocking. Plus in the first world he dabbled a bit in entertainment and learnt a few basic dance moves, and in Samotrelis as Prince Farrell, there was a lot of traditional dancing in his country, so he was fairly skilled at moving his hips. For dancing anyway. 

He was always skilled with his hips in other things hehe. 

Bebe: '...Bebe thinks it's your shameless mouth that's the most skilled.' 

Jia Hyson: 'Thank you, it's my second best feature. I've never gotten a poor review about my mouth before. I'm so glad you noticed darling-'

Bebe: '...' Bebe walked into that one huh.

Well... talking about his host's cocksucking mouth is at least a level better than talking about human tree holes. 

While Jia Hyson was wow-ing everyone with his impromptu dancing, the others in the group were...

Ye Cheng: Aiyah! So cute! I wish there was something to record this ahhh!

Duan Mengyao: ...I don't understand but the little dragon is pretty skilled ah.

Pan Shuchun: I wonder if we could make money by charging dance classes through this? All we need to do is tell those idiots its a dragon dance and we'll be rich ahhh! 

Tang Muxin: Wtf. Bro why are you suddenly dancing out of nowhere? This is the imperial court??? This is so embarrassing ahhh! 

Random guard from Eunuch Shi: I feel out of place. But I'm very blessed to see the dragon dance ah. UwU 

Da Gong: ...Laozi is furious. () My worm is dancing so wantonly in front of so many people ahhh!!!!! 

The more Da Gong looked the more he felt this was simply too inappropriate! Even though his worm looked very, very- it was simply too seductive! It was practically obscene! Flexing his claws! Swaying his tail! Even exposing his soft underbelly for so long! 

Jia Hyson's sudden dance wasn't very long, a minute or two at most really, but by the end of it Da Gong had fluffed up so hard in his barely suppressed vinegar drinking rage he was practically double his size. 

After finishing the dance, Jia Hyson strikes a handsome pose before laying lazily back down on Duan Mengyao's shoulders, panting lightly and looking at everyone expectantly with large bright eyes. 

The emperor was the first to break down.

"AMAZING! SO CUTE AND TALENTED JIN BAO!! ZHEN IS HONORED YOU BLESSED US ALL WITH A DANCE!" He practically screeched as he enthusiastically applauded while standing up from his throne like a helicopter parent at their child's first dance recital. His face was flushed and filled with excitement. Even though his body was declining a lot, and his moment of weakness were getting more and more frequent he suddenly felt like he was injected with chicken blood and could run a mile. 

Of course this was most likely just because his own blessing was stimulated by the skill, but the emperor didn't know that. He just felt enlightened.

It turns out cuteness can be so healing!

Ah, he wonders if he could get his empress to do this dance tonight for him...

Hehehe.

With the emperor as example, the officials and ministers also began to happily applaud and cheer. They also deeply felt they have been healed by the dance. At the very least, after watching for a minute or two their bodies felt more refreshed and energetic. 

This sort of visible effect cemented the validity of the dragon further into their minds. There were many men with daughters that now felt very regretful they dismissed their daughter's claims about seeing a dragon while shopping. 

Aiyah, what were they thinking?! 

Fools! They turned into fools! 

World's consciousness: :) 

Jia Hyson licked his snout, feeling cheerful at the warm reception to his dance. While most of the men were considered quite old in ancient times it was considered the end-tail of middle age in modern times, around late fifties to late sixties. After all, being part of the court can be quite stressful, there's a lot of ministers who would retire at about seventy or even eighty if they're especially dedicated, maybe even earlier if their children managed to become officials as well. 

Among the court were also relatively new young officials that were around their late teens, early twenties. 

It didn't matter whether they were handsome, plain or a bit unflattering to the eyes, to Slag Hyson he could definitely be interested in any of them really. 

Therefore, with so many men within Jia Hyson's strike zone were applauding him with awe and worship, it was safe to say his ego was more than sufficiently stroked today. 

Personally he felt that it would've been perfect if there was some desire and lust in the mix but he supposes he can make do with pure idolization. 

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, everything, the suffering, starving, the humiliation, all the hard work... it was really all worth it.' 

Bebe: '...' Other than the beginning where you almost starved to death and get bullied by some kids, weren't you pretty much piggybacking on someone this whole time? Like literally piggybacking. 

The number of times Jia Hyson actually ran around instead of being carried was shockingly low in retrospect really. Either he was being carried by Tang Muxin, Ye Cheng, or another human, or Da Gong was. The only times he was put down was for food, sleep and when he wanted to go play. 

...even then, sometimes Da Gong would insist on feeding him beak to mouth while the dragon lay on top of him, or let him nap on his back. 

What an incredibly fat salted fish has been cultivated and yet the fish still dare say it has worked hard with a straight face. Peh. This sort of person should drown in the spit of the overworked corporate slaves everywhere. 

"Fantastic!" The emperor finally somewhat calmed himself down, his smile was wide and eyes full of happiness as he spoke, "To think the dragon and his saintess have given Zhen so much face to even arrange a dance for this emperor! Zhen is moved deeply by this affection." 

The emperor felt really smug. After all he was probably the first and only emperor to get this sort of good treatment from a dragon. It was really something that deserves to be bragged about.

"Yes, this is truly an auspicious occasion!" The Minister of Finance wastes no time in praising. Maybe because he is connected to the kingdom's wealth or maybe because he was superstitious, he felt a deep sense of reverence looking at the dragon. 

The emperor immediately looks at the minister of finance approvingly. Before he wasn't really a fan of the man who was very naggy and was the cause of a lot of arguments about budgeting, but now he felt the man was no longer so boring. "You have good eyes Minister Wang." The emperor thought about their last meeting, "Zhen believes we can re-discuss the matter of the national budget expenses for reconstruction that you brought up two days ago, at a later date."

The minister of finance was thrilled, "Thank you for your kindness emperor!" 

Seeing the first person to eat crabs successfully, the others who were more ambitious and quick on the uptake immediately started to compete in blowing various rainbow farts in hopes their own problems that the emperor previous waved away will have a chance at making a comeback. 

Of course, only the first to eat the crabs will get the biggest share, and the emperor quickly grew bored and impatient after a short time. After a few increasingly insincere promises he waved at them to desist so he can continue talking with the cutest thing in existence. 

"Please, Dragon Saintess Tang," The emperor gestured for the group to come sit by him as servants quickly brought extravagant seating for them, "Come here, zhen wishes to see you all better." 

This sort of thing of course was very abnormal and disrespectful, one shouldn't even look at the emperor unless asked much less sit by his side. Only the empress could do so, and even then the empress was not allowed to intervene with politics so she wasn't allowed to enter the imperial court either. 

Well... She was at one point but her temper was too big and after exploding one too many times the ministers and officials all begged for her to stop coming or they would boycott. 

Feeling a bit awkward to come up to the stage in such a public manner, Tang Muxin still respectfully bows. "It would be our honour." She states, her soft but cold voice clear and strong with very little fluctuation. It made people feel she was aloof and pure, very befitting of someone with a saintess title.

Even though her attire was completely outrageous and alien, nobody dared say anything with the imposing and frosty aura emanating from her body. In fact it was because of her natural coldness honed by her previous life that made it easier for them to accept this baby faced saintess with strange clothes. 

As for the servants of the saintess... well, their outfits were far more traditionally acceptable and easier to visually digest for the conservative men. And even if they had any objections- well they were not stupid enough to say anything. They were servants who help personally take care of a fucking dragon okay? No matter how they look at it, even though they were just mere servants, they, the officials, were the ones who can't offend them. 

Not to mention they all objectively looked pretty good. 

As they all settled themselves down, save the two guards and Da Gong who stood behind the chairs protectively, the emperor coughed and looked up at Jia Hyson who was curled around Duan Mengyao's neck, with bright eyes. "Zhen is also welling to lend zhen's lap to the esteemed and great Jin Bao if you are willing?"

Jia Hyson looked at the slightly above average face of the emperor who was flushing and fidgeting rather adorably, completely different from his usual oppressive imperial dignity and silently thought: 'I wouldn't mind lending my lap to the esteemed and great emperor to sit on either ah hehehehe.' 

Bebe: ...

Tang Muxin: ...I didn't hear that. I am deaf. I am dead.

Because dragons don't have the same facial muscles as humans, there was no way anyone who wasn't telepathically connected to him to notice his lecherous thoughts toward the emperor. Externally, Jia Hyson cocked his head to the side as if in thought before nodding, his large golden eyes blinking cutely. He looked the epitome of cute and innocent.

Inwardly though...

Tang Muxin: (,,o_0,,) 'Wow.' As a super assassin-spy of course she had seen her fair share of depraved stuff but this was a little bit... She wonders if Duan Mengyao would be willing to try a little bit of that in the future?

Bebe: 'You know if you were human you would be killed for blasphemous intentions toward the emperor. Bebe doesn't know what they would do for, for- whatever that shit is, but even death is probably too light a punishment really.' 

Unaware of how he was being violated mentally, the emperor happily opens his arms and let's Jia Hyson crawl off of Duan Mengyao's shoulders and slither into his embrace.

Da Gong, who has been ignored the whole time since they entered the palace: '...' -Considering rebellion to win back his work. -RebelliousThoughts 

However even though Da Gong was upset, he calmly kept his beak up, standing proudly with his back up straight like a good guard. After all he understood how important this was. It would be stupid and selfish to make a fuss here out of jealousy.

Jia Hyson may have been thinking slag thoughts, and was enjoying wrapping himself around the literal emperor of this world's China, but he was very sensitive to Da Gong's lowering mood. 

Maybe it was just because they spent so long together, the codependency was probably even unhealthier than when he was with Sefu in the previous world. Not to mention, in retrospect the relationship with Da Gong was a little more balanced in terms of respect for each other.

Sefu who was the clear pathetic loser in the very unbalanced codependent relationship where he gets less respect in retrospect: '...'

Sefu who saw the above description of himself: '...' I hate this story. The author is such a bitch.

Settling onto the emperor's lap, Jia Hyson glances at the fluffed up Da Gong. Because Da Gong was equally, if not more so, attentive to his little worm's needs, they quickly established eye contact. Jia Hyson's golden eyes curved up cheekily and the tip of his tail coquettishly points at the bird before making a curling gesture in a 'come hither' motion. 

Da Gong: (    )   

Da Gong: (,,  ,,) ! ! ! 

Almost immediately Da Gong practically flew toward Jia Hyson's side. The giant cock happily rested at the feet of the emperor, ignoring the appalled expressions of the ministers down below as he focused on chasing the coy, teasing tail of his little worm. 

Even Ye Cheng was more than a little embarrassed. 

After all he was a proper native to the world and it's instilled into him that the emperor is the closest thing to god. Even if he loved Da Gong dearly, he really wanted to go pull the bird away and give him a scolding.

This was the emperor! Even if their status was special, no matter how special you still need to give the emperor face! 

A simple word could cause a whole noble family to hang. Da Gong was impressive but if he really offended the emperor it was nearly impossible to save him if Jin Bao wasn't here. 

The emperor also felt uncomfortable with the large chicken by his feet, fortunately he was quite mild in temperament compared to his predecessors and did not show any thoughts about this. 

After all this rooster was the dragon's friend, plus it was so big and from the stories he heard from the group it was also intelligent. Therefore it should be actually a blessing to have such a magical cock so close at hand. No wasn't there a lot superstition about how auspicious roosters where and how their crows can drive away evil? He didn't believe them before but he didn't believe much in dragons either ah. And a large rooster that could accompany a dragon must also have their own abilities beyond his mortal comprehension so having both a dragon and a rooster come greet him while he ruled this country really...

After a few rounds of brainwashing the emperor could even smile lovingly at Da Gong. 

This was the scene the princes- who had been delayed in their own respective mental breakdowns- came upon when they entered the court. 

A large, through relatively very small in retrospect, golden dragon languidly laid on their emperor father's lap, staring up at the man who rules the world with lazy amusement and a strange hunger. The emperor who is absentmindedly stroking the serpentine body is actually not even looking at the dragon in order to affectionately gaze at a big black cock. The cock however was ignoring the emperor as it was too busy starting heatedly at the dragon. 

Crown prince: ...Is this the legendary love triangle???

Scholarly second prince: Ah... it is beautiful at how even the highest creatures can be on equal ground with a mortal. And the highest mortal can be on equal ground with... a rooster... and the rooster can... Um... Uh.

Deep schemer Third Prince: Seriously wtf.

Background Fourth Prince: Wait, who the fuck just called me the background prince just now?

Playboy fifth Prince: It turns out emperor father prefers a fat, big black cock to a large yellow dragon? How unpatriotic ah. 

Crybaby Sixth Prince: Wuwuwu I want to leave. 

Sweet mouthed Ninth Prince: ...Jealous. Maybe emperor father will let me pet the dragon if I act cute.

In fact all the princes were really speechless save for the eighth prince Yan Huizhong and the dragon-loving seventh prince who was not present for some reason yet. It could be said their mental states today had all taken multiple beatings. 

Even though the brothers had varying degrees of friendliness and hostility to one another they all couldn't help but exchange glances with each other that were filled with the meaning of 'you seeing this shit?'. 

The ninth prince was the first to recover. Maybe because he was younger and more flighty and naive than the others his adaptive ability was the greatest in the situation. It was because of this none of his brothers hated him but they definitely didn't like him either. 

After all he was young but almost at a viable age to fight for the throne, his acting ability was good and so was his ability to sell meng and sell pity. His crying skills can be said to rival even the most dramatic concubine in the emperor's harem.

Essentially the ninth prince was very green tea.

Not to mention the ninth prince was still quite young, with baby fat still on his checks and had a sweet, soft good boy appearance. Compared to his older brothers who had become big, angular and handsome men, he was a little lamb that people wished to pamper. 

Even the crown prince, who was also quite green tea, has been pitted by this white lotus bitch of a brother before. 

"Daddy you are so amazing!" The ninth prince immediately blew rainbow farts as he ran over to his emperor father with a large smile. "I've never heard from the grand tutor about any other emperor meeting a dragon before! It must be because you are so amazing that the heavens bestowed such great fortune on you! And you are so kind and humble, no wonder even a dragon can feel comfortable sitting on your lap!" 

The ninth prince then paused before looking at his older brothers, "See elder brothers! I knew my emperor father was not becoming blind in his old age and ailing health, mistaking a fish eye for a pearl- or in this case, a dragon for a sham! Tsk tsk. Don't try fool me." The young prince then gave them a smug look that practically screamed, 'tut, tut why am I such a genius?'

Older princes who said no such thing: ...heh this fucking guy. 

Jia Hyson watched this with great interest and bemusement. After all he will have to pick an emperor eventually, it was good to understand the characters now. 

Surprisingly this imperial family seemed... pretty casual.

Then again, the author god for this story stopped pretty early on in the imperial arc and nothing was really fleshed out.

.You could argue nothing in this braindead story was really fleshed out in the first place as well but that's nether here nor there really.

Still, if this should follow reality it would make sense for the brothers to be less cordial considering everyone was at the perfect age to be considered for the throne. At the very least they should be more formal with one another. Generally princes were considered each other's most threatening rivals so it was natural for them not to really spend time with each other to the point they can be so relaxed. It was even less likely for their concubine mother's to encourage playdates unless they wanted to suck up to more powerful princes. 

'The main crux is the author god stresses in the story about the emperor being kind and openminded.' Bebe, reading his musings, interjects, 'The author god describes the emperor to not be very pretentious and was willing to acknowledge skill even in the most poverty-stricken of people. This allows the emperor to fully respect the female main character Tang Muxin and give her a big gold thigh that should've helped paved the way occasionally when she searched for the culprit to his poisoning. Of course the author never talked about how the emperor raised his kids and also mainly focused on the crown prince, the third prince and the eighth prince.'

Jia Hyson understood and felt some pity for the world's consciousness and heavenly path. It was like giving them an apple seed and a mandarin peel to a child who had only seen the plants in their simple garden, telling them these are fruits and then with those clues to go make an avocado tree. 

There was so many princes and yet the world's consciousness didn't know what to do with over half of them, plus they had to use the premise of a 'kind, openminded emperor who doesn't discriminate against women' in a fucking ancient china setting. You had to know, it was already hard enough to find a genuine kind, openminded men with high status that doesn't discriminate against women in Jia Hyson's original world of modern times where the three world views had improved significantly since the ancient period. 

It wasn't strange the personalities of these half arsed characters have developed a little unconventionally. In fact the courtiers and ministers in this court should be a little brainless as well thinking about it.

Ah well, it suits the plot. Whatever. 

This sort of thing, even if he analyzes it, it's not something he can control. Still the researcher in him can't help but find this sort of butterfly effect fascinating. 

Bebe: 'Bebe almost forgot you went to a national university for science.'

Jia Hyson: 'I wanted a legitimate reason to dissect things.'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: '...It was a joke.'

Bebe: '...' Coming from you it doesn't feel like it. 

Now that the princes have come, the emperor introduced the group, tactfully ignoring the ninth princes' cheeky attempt at sowing discord. When each prince was called up they introduced themselves and offered Jia Hyson and Tang Muxin a gift to show their sincerity. 

The crown prince was the first one. Bowing enough to show respect, he quickly stood up and gestured for his servants waiting at the sidelines to come forward, "This prince had heard the saintess and her comrades were starting a shop." He explains, his voice was smooth and confident, "Therefore I have brought these three men to help you."

Three older gentlemen immediately bowed. 

"This servant is Luo Peng, I am a craftsman, capable of carving and designing interiors." 

"This servant is Lan Yu, I am a representative of the Southern merchant group, Vermillion Bird. We are willing to help supply any items we are capable of acquiring."

"This servant is Wu Shi, I am a famous calligrapher and painter. I specialize in nature and animals. Please use me as you wish." 

It had to be said, there's a reason the crown prince is still the crown prince really. On such short notice the man accurately grasped with the information he had and chose a present both practical and flattering. 

After all with the exception of the eighth prince Yan Huizhong- who often offended people left and right- the group wasn't well connected in the capital, especially in regards to the art and trade circles. At most Pan Shuchun knew a few locals after establishing herself, but again, she was a single woman with no background and couldn't afford to be adventurous. 

The scholarly second prince's present in comparison was a bit lacking in usefulness but it was still a shocking gift. His resources weren't a lot and he liked to adopt the typical pretentious view of disdaining materialism in order to pursue spiritual beauty and honor like many of his scholar friends. Therefore with such short notice he could only respectfully and tearfully give up his most treasured painting Dawn Rises in the Dragon's Mouth.

It was a large and stunning ink painting that depicted the buildings and mountains of China during the time when the sun was rising, it was very realistic and the complicated lighting and colors that come from the breaking of dawn were depicted perfectly across the scroll parchment. However what was the most incredible was the large golden dragon that carried the sun in it's mouth. The creature's body seemed to cover the majority of the sky area with some of it's body covered in the clouds and stars. 

It was undeniable the majesty it exudes in this painting yet somehow the artist had managed to also make this powerfully fierce and holy beast seem a little tender and tentative, carefully cradling the sun in it's mouth like a fragile quail egg as it pulls it up into the sky to give the Chinese citizens a new day to look forward to. Overall Jia Hyson, Tang Muxin, Ye Cheng and Pan Shuchun were enthralled by it.

Even Duan Mengyao who didn't really care for art and Da Gong who really, really didn't care for art were visibly impressed by it. 

The other princes who saw this painting had their mouths open so wide you could stuff an extra large chicken eggs in them. The second prince saw their expressions and couldn't help but smile bitterly.

This was his most treasured painting. He was a fan of this painting master for the longest time however the master was eccentric and very cruel to himself. Despite being so talented the man had a sick hobby of showing off his paintings for all to admire but on the fourth hour of the fourth day of the fourth month of the fourth year he displayed it, the painting would be publicly burned. 

The second prince who first saw this was only nine. He vividly remembered the painting was called Peonies Among the Roses and that it was very beautiful. Because he was spoilt he rushed up and demanded to buy the painting from the master. However the master was fearless and looked straight into his eyes and said, "Materialism and greed will ruin even the finest art." And then burnt the painting right in front of everyone.

The second prince cried for three days. After recovering he decided to be a scholarly prince who will be above materialism and greed.

Concubine Hua, his mother has probably been deeply resentful of that master ever since then. Unfortunately the master's background is deep and he had the emperor's favor.

Every time the master burned his paintings the second prince would beg to save it, before crying afterwards when he failed. Eventually the master was moved by this sincere love for his work and his final painting before he died was passed to the second prince. 

This painting was the second prince's reverse scale that nobody dared to touch. All the princes have seen firsthand how much the second prince treasures this thing. He had specially built a room for viewing it and wouldn't allow anyone to get five meters near it by barricading it with a short iron fence so people didn't go too close. Even the emperor and his concubine mother was no exception. 

Now that he was actually giving it away... Every royal member present at the movement silently wondered how many days this guy was going to cry now. The crybaby sixth prince who was on very good terms with the second prince since they both have a reputation for crying was already tearing up on behalf of his favorite elder brother. 

Playboy Fifth prince, taking a step away from the crybaby sixth prince: ...Really don't want to admit this guy is my full-blooded brother ah. 

To be honest the painting while amazing and rare, was a little useless. The shop they wanted to open was going to have modern elements in it to stand out, and frankly, the painting's visual appearance was too high. If they put it in the shop the clothing may be outshined.

Right now they're living in the Fairy Garden Inn, it also doesn't match the vibe of the domineering Dawn Rises in the Dragon's Mouth. And it's too stressful to keep such a treasure that they weren't going to sell.

Overall it's a wonderful gift but the group were made up of practical people who preferred money and a cushy life over pursuing art and beauty. Only Pan Shuchun and Jia Hyson, these two more artistically inclined people, were truly interested in it after the initial amazement and awe. 

Jia Hyson glances at Tang Muxin and she immediately got the message. Stepping up she looks at the second prince with neither cold nor warm eyes. "The dragon is very pleased with your gift." She states, "However he believes that the painting should be kept with the owner it has chosen. The fate between you two is strong, and it will bring bad karma to break the painter's will behind the art."

She glances at Jia Hyson again and he nods, sending another message for her to speak.

"In return the dragon would like to be able to visit the painting to admire in the future. He says that the second prince clearly has good taste and would like to see his collection."

The second prince was both deeply grateful and honoured. Grateful because he could keep his painting. And honored because the dragon talked to him! Well, the saintess technically talked to him but it was the dragon's words! Not only that it was actually interested in his collections! Can visit! Ahhhh!

The crown prince's eye twitched. However he quickly calmed himself. It was okay. He can just thicken his face and visit them with the excuse of making sure his people are doing satisfactorily. 

But the second prince unexpectedly reaped such a good reward, the sly third prince who the crown prince was very guarded against must have something better. 

The third prince came forward and bowed, gesturing to let his servants come while carrying a large object covered in silk cloth. "This prince could only give you one of his most cherished items as well," He smiles smugly. Seeing how well the second prince did he felt quite confident his own artwork wouldn't lose. 

Everyone leaned in with some interest.

With a flourish, the third prince unveiled the item underneath.

A large dragon carving was unveiled. 

It was large. Gorgeous. Majestic. 

And made entirely out of pure jade.

"Legend has told that great dragons blessed the land with jade and the vitality of the earth during those times were so strong there were generations who had never experienced famine." The third prince explains, his voice slick and full of emotion. "Unfortunately these large jade boulders, or dragon jade, had over time the dragon jade has disappeared due to natural causes or human greed. This statue is carved from one of the largest raw boulders of jade found in the last three dynasties." 

The third prince, full of confidence smiles boldly. "What do you think?"

Jia Hyson: ...It's shit.

Tang Muxin: ...It's shit.

Pan Shuchun: ...Such a big pile of shit.

Duan Mengyao: ...Shit.

Da Gong: Peh. Not as cute as my little worm. 

__________

_____




After a moment of silence Pan Shuchun and Ye Cheng stepped up and was forced to mediate. It couldn't be helped. Jin Bao had directly turned his back on the gift, not wanting to look at it even for a second more. 

He wanted no part in this shame play!

The dragon had been a little surprised at the jade sculpture but the more the third prince talked the uglier the dragon's little dragon face looked until he couldn't bear to face it anymore. Tang Muxin was also similar, and her abilities in eloquence were really only so-so, it was hard for her to think of a tactful way to decline a clearly expensive and valuable gift without blurting out what was running and screaming through all their minds. 

The third prince was sensitive and insightful, he was probably one of the brothers with highest EQ. No matter how he looked at it the group greatly disliked his gift. The fact the priestess didn't even bother to talk to him, and let her servants do so instead suggests he might've really offended them.

However the problem was... he didn't understand why!

A beautifully carved dragon created by an artist no less famous and brilliant than the second prince's idol. While the artist didn't burn their art, the dragon jade it was made from was enough for the sculpture to be priceless. 

Generally dragon jade has been said to have a lot of healing properties and spiritual energy. All dragon jade has been found surrounded by greenery and life. There was even a story about a group of foreign merchants who had gotten lost in a desert traveling here and only survived by stumbling inexplicably into a large forest area. In the heart of this small mysterious forest was a small clear pond, only a few meters wide but surprisingly very deep. 

The merchants came from a coastal country and were proficient in diving for pearls and other oceanic treasures and delicacies. After some deliberation one of the older and more skilled at free diving jumped into the pond to see what was hidden in it's depths.

When he came back up he recounted there was a large faintly glowing stone that should be jade at the bottom of the pond that was as wide as his two arms outstretched. He wasn't sure the height though as it was too deep and cramped to keep going. What was even more shocking was that in those few minutes in the water, after coming up he became noticeably younger and more handsome!

The merchants had to travel a lot under the dirt road and hot sun to sell their wares. Not to mention sunscreen was not a thing that existed so it's undeniable that the skin will burn and wrinkle making the men look older and less attractive then they should've been. However submerging themselves in the pond water rejuvenated their bodies, cleared the dirt in their pores, revived the dead hair and cells and so on.

It was said when they came, not only did they break off a piece of glimmering blue jade as proof, the entire group were also brimming with handsomeness, youth and vitality to the point where people mistook them for a performance group instead of merchants. 

The point was- the sculpture has magical properties even now! As long as you keep it in your courtyard there will always be flowers in bloom and nearby fruit trees will always produce full and juicy fruits! If you keep it inside the house the people living there will feel more energetic and refreshed, look more youthful and their bodies and brain will become healthier. 

In short it was millions of times better than the second prince's painting which was only a cheap vase in comparison!

No matter how aggrieved the third prince was he could only smile and back down, silently hoping that another prince would mess up worse than he had.

The fourth prince was mediocre and is said to have some hearing problems, and occasionally talks to himself in a strange manner. However his music ability was pretty good as he produced many interesting songs never heard of in this world, so his gift was to dedicate a song to the guests. 

"This song... is called Little Apple." The fourth prince brought out some dancers and some musicians as he prepared his own guzheng. 

Transmigrators Jia Hyson, Tang Muxin and Pan Shuchun: It can't be...

As they finally got ready a very familiar beat began to start, accompanied by the light and playful sounds of the guzheng.

The fourth prince opened his mouth and began to sing to the cheerful and energetic music as the dancers moved energetically. 

"I planted a seed,

And finally it bore fruit,

Today is a great day-"

Transmigrators Jia Hyson, Tang Muxin and Pan Shuchun: Holy fuck it's really Little Apple.

It had been a while since they transmigrated but Little Apple was a song that was practically carved into their brains when it went viral. During that period of time long as you used an online social platform, listened to the radio, went to karaoke with friends or go past places with video advertisements there would be Little Apple. 

Even though there was an inevitable difference with the use of ancient instruments, it was a catchy song that could immediately be recognized to any born and bred Chinese. 

Despite the feeling of incredulity there was an inexplicably greater feeling of nostalgia and grief. Even Jia Hyson, who was on his fourth world felt it. 

It can't be helped. The ancient world was too! Fucking! Boring! 

Even if he has unlimited wifi, in order to maintain his cute 'meng selling but not to the point of being a complete moron' character he couldn't just use it whenever and look like he was dazing out all the time. Not to mention in a situation where there was a relatively small amount of people with good relationships and keen observation abilities it was easy for them to notice. Therefore he could usually only use this sort of benefit when it was time to sleep, or when he has a nap. 

But it was easy to go from poverty to luxury than it was to go from luxury to poverty. From having access to the internet 24/7 to only an hour or two at most, was really hard for the phone addicted Jia Hyson. 

He was a fast reader but there was only so much one could absorb in a few hours. Plus, looking at any pictures or webnovels about modern times would immediately make Jia Hyson jealous and a bit grief-stricken. 

The modern conveniences he would be constantly reminded of! The various options of entertainment he took for granted! Going to the cinema, watching a musical, eating western food, using a toilet with a plumbing system and a flusher, going to a convention and so on... fuck he even misses the annoying people who force flyers onto you when you walk on streets that are actually paved with cement instead of dirt and shit. 

However if Jia Hyson was just feeling it, Pan Shuchun and Tang Muxin was overcome by their emotions. After all they didn't have any access to the modern world like Jia Hyson, only their memories. Therefore this unexpected taste of a life they could no longer live, really hit the usually strong women hard. 

When the fourth prince finished, everyone was shocked to see the women and even the little dragon crying. A beautiful women's tears was always a sight to behold, making it easy for any man to soften their hearts under the sight but unfortunately they were sitting by a dragon who was shedding tears of literal gold.

Pan Shuchun and Tang Muxin: ...Feeling a sudden sense of defeat.   

"You're beautiful music has moved us all," Tang Muxin declares after wiping away her tears and collecting herself. "It is truly a wonderful gift you have given us, we hope to hear more in the future."

Duan Mengyao and Ye Cheng who were neither very artistically inclined nor have any emotional link to the song: ...was it really that great?

Third Prince whose super precious gift was snubbed and was considered worse then some song: ...Fuck your mother.

The playboy fifth prince brought three beautiful servants, two maids and a eunuch which were accepted under some discussion. Pan Shuchun felt they would be good to train up to be customer service.

The beautiful servants who were used to using their face to eat suddenly felt a deep forebodingoding feeling in their bones.

Jia Hyson who had experienced the horror that is being stuck in a retail job, couldn't help but give the servants a sympathetic look. After all, they were pretty much going to be in customer service hell for a very long time indeed.

The crybaby sixth prince did not have an idea what to bring as a gift because he had mainly been panic crying before coming here. In the end he could only embarrassedly bring in three chests full of gold and some rolls of beautiful silks. "I-I'm sorry," He sniffles, "This one will think of a better gift next time."

The third prince sneers. What a fool. Everyone else was also muttering and whispering discontentedly, some were gloating, some pitying and some full of condemnation. Gold and silk were nice but it wasn't exactly precious. Was he looking down on the dragon and the dragon priestess' group? 

Even the second prince who was close to the sixth prince frowned, worried and a little disdainful. After all, the second prince aspired to take the scholarly route, and scholars greatly disliked merchants and their smell of copper.

"Just gold and some silk?" The third prince gleefully pointed out, his voice was full of concern and suprise but inwardly he was delighted. Finally! He will not be the only prince who fucked up! "Are sick? Dare to give that to great dragon and it's followers? Do you think they are like concubines so easy to please? I-"

"We love it." Tang Muxin, Pan Shuchun, Ye Cheng and Duan Mengyao immediately said in unison. Ye Cheng was even wiping the drool off his face as he stared wide eyed at so much money in one place. Jia Hyson also expressed his happiness by 'mrp'ing and raising his hands in the air and waving them excitedly.

Money! Silk fabrics! Can sell! Can splurge! 

Sly third prince: Fuck I forgot these guys were originally merchants. 

Any top tier noble would disdain the amount of gold offered but almost everyone had forgotten these people before them were not lofty aristocrats or pretentious scholars but relatively poor businessmen who traveled here with intent to establish a shop. Only the crown prince really utilized this angle, but even he didn't expect you could achieve an even better effect by just simply smashing these guys with money!

After the sixth prince should be the seventh prince but he was mysteriously not here. The emperor pursed his lips disapprovingly and a little confusedly while stroking Jia Hyson's mane. The seventh prince was the one who loved dragons the most, it was strange he wasn't here. Could it be, because of overexcitement the stupid child fainted? 

It was totally possible. After all the maids were too scared to check on the crazy prince often anyway, they might have completely forgot due to all the panic and anticipation. 

The emperor gestured for a guard to go check on the seventh prince. With the seventh prince not here, and the eighth prince faking his death, that left the coquettish ninth prince as the finale.

The emperor: '...Ah, maybe I should have thought about the order beforehand.'

The ninth prince was of course cheeky and sly, showing signs of high intelligence and EQ, but he was still very childish and young at only 11 years old. His main strategy was selling meng and having a sweet mouth. Maybe due to how pampered and young he was, the emperor couldn't think of a situation where the ninth prince actually had been in a situation where he had to prepare a proper gift or tribute to others so it was inevitable the emperor was a bit worried. 

To be honest it was probably more gold, which clearly the dragon followers would be very satisfied with. However because the sixth prince had just given the same thing, it would inevitably make the ninth prince look bad by this virtue alone.

Even if it wasn't planned, and nobody was in the wrong, the person who produces the same gift right after another person will always give the faint impression that they copied others. At the very least the impressiveness the second time round would definitely be halved. 

There were many other ministers and officials also thinking the same. In fact there were quite a few who were even more concerned than the emperor. After all the ninth prince was showing strong potential and had the favor of the emperor and empress. The crown prince was a bit too tyrannical and brash, the second prince was pursuing the scholarly route and will not make good decisions due to his pretentiousness, the third prince was okay but is a bit hard to inspire trust with his deep thinking, the fourth prince is mediocre except for musical ability which is still pretty useless, the fifth prince is lecherous, the sixth is... no, the seventh is... hell no and the eighth is dead. 

Therefore- these officials who are still on the fence or are just unsatisfied with their options can only pin their hopes on the ninth prince! 

The kingdom can still be saved! The little prince can be educated! It doesn't have to be run by some pervert or pretentious prick! 

The perverted and, or, pretentious princes: ...heh.

Unfortunately the little ninth prince could not hear and probably did not care about this. In his mind, if he had to fight for the throne then wouldn't he have to fight his way up to the top? His elder brothers had the advantage of being born first and already establishing themselves. If you throw a stone randomly in the palace you could guarantee it would hit one of his brothers' people. 

Besides, wasn't it better to be cute and then grow up to be an idle king instead?

Still, the ninth prince's thoughts about being the emperor aside, that didn't mean he wanted to offend the dragon and it's small convoy of followers either. In fact he desperately wanted to bring them to his side. 

As said before, he was young and therefore the number of followers he had was very small with most only considering supporting him or taking him as a last resort. His maternal family was neither too big nor too small. Therefore the most important thing to secure his little life was to find a big golden thigh to hug!

Therefore even if his most annoying oldest brother the crown prince becomes emperor, the ninth prince can still be confident in being able to continue living his salted fish life of luxury! 

So he has prepared the best gift of them all!

Stepping up he gives the group a dazzling smile that maximised his youthful charm to the maximum. "This prince has decided to gift you... this prince!"

Emperor: ...

Princes: ...

Officials and ministers: ...

It's over. This shameless stinky brat really deserves a spanking right now.

Unperturbed, the ninth prince thickened his cute chubby little face and continued, "My family is not as strong as the others but I have many uncles and aunties that can help you with administration and business matters that would usually be hard or time consuming processes without inside help. That is why I think the best present is myself who is willing to help you as best as this prince can."

After some contemplation everyone realised what this was.

If a favour is something with the expectation of giving and taking, the ninth prince is offering his entire family's help for absolutely nothing. Because it is a 'gift'. And a gift has no obligation to be returned with another gift. It is simply a selfless show of loyalty. 

Not to mention the ninth prince's family were full of government workers. Nobody would dislike their forms and such being processed faster after all. 

The moment people understood this, their gazes toward the ninth prince changed from disdainful to thoughtful. 

The third prince who has half gloating, half relieved, immediately had the expression of a dead fish with nothing to live for. It was over. He was the only prince who didn't get their gift accepted in front of so many people. It would be hard for everyone not to think deeply about this, and his position will definitely not be so stable in the near future.

Pan Shuchun and Duan Mengyao who was more familiar with the basic backgrounds of the princes nodded at Tang Muxin in approval. Tang Muxin didn't even hesitate to accept after getting confirmation from her friends. 

Smiling even wider, the ninth prince was just about to step down when the doors to the hall slammed opened. 

A large muscular handsome man, with bright brown eyes that seem to shine with a faint golden light at certain angles, strode toward the front of the room. Following a few steps behind him was a mild looking middle-aged chef with his head down respectfully. In the chefs hands was a large bowl with a cloth on top, but even the cloth could not cover the mouth-watering savoury aroma that caused every single person's mouth to instantly fill with saliva. 

"Greetings to emperor father!" The muscular man cups his hand and shouts loudly, before immediately setting his eyes onto Jia Hyson. There was a flicker of shock in his eyes, before it morphed into an almost crazy fanaticism that Jia Hyson had really only seen when he accidentally pushed his stalkers and yandere-inclined lovers over the edge. If he had human skin, he would probably have broken out into goosebumps. 

Unlike the rather causal cupping of hands and greeting, the man, who could only be the seventh prince, rushed over and kowtowed at Jin Bao. Such a demeaning posture that no prideful noble, much less a prince, would do unless being forced to death, and the seventh prince did it so willingly and without hesitation. "GREETINGS TO THE GREAT DRAGON LORD!" His yell was full of energy and exuberance and some other emotions that were hard to identify. "APOLOGIES FOR DISRESPECTING YOUR GREAT SELF AND MAKING YOU WAIT!"

Jia Hyson felt a little embarrassed at this intense man. Even if he was very handsome, a rugged warrior with bright eyes and a wild temperament, Jia Hyson didn't really like overly loud people. 

Da Gong also sensed how his little worm seemed to dislike the noise. However the fancy dressed old human that his worm was sitting on smelt like illness and weakness, and probably could not take his weight if he suddenly jumped onto him. Therefore Da Gong stepped in front of the seventh prince and raised his wings, trying his best to block as much of the sound for his little worm as possible. 

Jia Hyson: This cock is too good for this world. (  ) 

Bebe:   That cock is too good for you at the very least.

Jia Hyson: Hey.

Jia Hyson: Any cock would be lucky to meet me :)

Bebe:  

The seventh prince had a split second of confusion before quickly accepting the presence of the abnormally large rooster. It could be seen from this his flexibility was quite good. "Mister rooster, have I offended you? This one apologises."

It could also be seen from this, that the seventh prince was indeed more than a little strange in the head. Most normal people would not talk to Da Gong, whether because of his fierceness, size or the fact he was a rooster. Even then, they would start off talking to Da Gong like how everyone starts off talking to an animal- softly, tentatively, coaxingly, with some baby talk mixed in for good measure, similar to how one subconsciously talks to an infant. 

It was rare for someone to not speak with some condescension to an animal for the first, and impossible to find someone who, at first meeting, not only confidently talk to an animal like an equal but even with formal language. 

No matter how much you love animals, think they are better than humans, or are just the most active animal activist in the world, one couldn't deny that humans and animals are different and unequal. Whether we are considered better or worse the value is never the same and it's something that will probably never change. Because there is a clear communication barrier between us and animals that will probably never be able to be bridged. This fact is ingrained in us and will subconsciously cause us to treat animals at best, on the same level as babies. And that's normal.

Treating an animal you just met like they could comprehend language was not. 

It was kinda weird.

But also kinda hot.

Bebe: 'Are you only saving that because he's got a good looking face and is large and muscular and tanned?'

Jia Hyson: 'I bet if run my tail down his abs they'll make a noise like running down a xylophone hehehehe.'

Bebe: ...

On the bright side, the dragon encyclopedia said that increased horniness and decreased aggressive and violent thoughts shows that a dragon has a higher chance of healthily starting the process to the first steps of puberty. So better dirty thoughts than... the thoughts of wanting to make murder treeholes in humans ah. 

Bebe felt very stressed as it secretly tries to raise its dragon host to grow up well. Like many magical creatures in romantic stories, the species with a long lifespan will actually have a short childhood period, then a long teenage period and will stagnate for most of the lifetime as a young adult. 

A very good example of this is vampires. Another one is magical animals that can turn into a hot human form inexplicably because of reasons. This way it makes it easier for people to ignore the more disturbing facts of any romantic relationship with them like the ten thousand year old age difference between vampire and sixteen year old girl, or the pedophilloic connotations between a two year old were beast gong and a thirty year old businessman shou. 

The dragon species in this world also follows this route. In fact it was also a form of survival. After all the dragons start off so small as babies and there's a lot of predators so the need to grow up is very urgent, especially since the birth rate is so low. Therefore in the most optimum environment the baby dragon can gain awareness and intelligence very early, and will start to mature after only three or so months. Their uncontrollable power and skills they had access to at birth will slowly be controlled during the puberty process and once the dragon has fully grown into adulthood could they use all their abilities and power freely.

Jia Hyson did not have the luxury of the optimum environment of heaven. 

Therefore his growth was stunted and worrying. And it was up to Bebe to worry about it as a responsible system. 

Bebe was in charge of reminding Jia Hyson of when to drink supplementary spiritual energy to strengthen his body, scanning for any spiritually dense ingredients to get Tang Muxin to cook with and generally just observe his energy levels to try encourage Jia Hyson's growth phase as best as they can. This period was very important, like most periods of puberty, it will severely affect the physical and physiological form of the dragon as well as his use of abilities and power. 

Speaking of scanning for spiritually rich ingredients... 'Hey, host, Bebe doesn't know how the seventh prince did it but, you should definitely accept his gift ah. Whatever is in that dish actually contains thrice as much spiritual energy than Tang Muxin's best dish.'

Jia Hyson's ears perk up at that. 'Eh? No way!'

However after opening his senses a little and focusing on the thing in the servant's hands he found to his shock it really was so. While he can't get the exact stats like Bebe, his instincts were now urging him to swallow that bowl whole now that he bothered to pay attention. 

His previously relaxed pose suddenly becomes tense in anticipation. It was impossible for the emperor, who he was sitting on, and Da Gong, who was always paying attention to him, not to notice. Immediately they straightened their backs and glanced around warily. 

For the emperor he felt like if a dragon was tense it must indicate there was evil intent somewhere. However for Da Gong, it was simply because anything that causes his little worm to be unhappy is simply the true evil that needs to be beaten up by him. 

Seeing the dragon's tail start to slowly wag, picking up speed very quickly like an excited puppy, their icy vigilance from Jin Bao's sudden reaction was quickly lowered. 

Emperor and Da Gong: Oh, he was just hungry. So cute.

Both rooster and son of heaven were surprisingly in sync. 

Seeing the dragon's reaction was so good, everyone looked at the seventh prince, who was still bowing, with different eyes. It was a mix of surprise but with a faint sense of, 'ah, this was expected'. 

After all, the seventh prince has long established that he was 'dragon crazy'. It would be stranger if he didn't have an idea on how to please a dragon. But the dragon's reaction was really quite big. It had aroused everyone's curiosity about what was under the cloth that excited the creature so.

Even though it smelt delicious could a dragon really be bought with mere food? 

But the more they thought about it the more they realised this 'crazy' prince might have actually done something amazing!

The seventh prince had grown various produce since he was fifteen because he believed that as a true dragon warrior he had to have the juiciest and most freshest ingredients. Something about the purity of the soil and water and how he wished to eventually shed off his human form and ascend to the fairy land. 

Obviously... Who the fuck didn't think that was nonsense at the time? Every other prince asked for an opportunity to show their skills, or a concubine or some sort of treasure, but only the seventh prince chose to ask for a few acres of land to farm and build a temple to worship the dragon spirits. 

But now?

Now dragons were real! 

What nonsense? What crazy? Clearly the seventh prince was a genius! Blessed! A true son of heaven!

Suddenly many people were considering switching their allegiances. After all, the favour of a dragon must be just as, if not better than, the favour of the dragon emperor right? Therefore the prince who specialises in dragon lore, has great military value, and was not totally stupid if they ignored the whole dragon fanaticism thing, should be a pretty strong contender for the throne? 

The crown prince and third prince, who had been the ones fighting the hardest to win the throne could also easily understand the implications as well and their expressions had become a little ugly.

Seeing that everyone couldn't wait, the emperor coughed pointedly.

The seventh prince understood and stopped kneeling, standing up and smiling brightly. Jia Hyson wagged his tail harder at the sight. Aiyah! Out of all the princes, the seventh prince might just be the most his type-! 

Da Gong: (  ) Suddenly this big human has gotten really annoying to look at. 

"This is Chef Wen, one of the best chefs under my hand." The seventh prince proclaims confidently. 

Chef Wen doesn't raise his head, it seemed like the seventh prince was surprisingly quite strict with the etiquette ingrained into his servants. Then again, no matter how much of a brash warrior the man looked, he was considerably religious and would be more inclined to be more fastidious and pedantic about various matters. 

The emperor however smiles warmly down at the chef, "You brought in Chef Wen, no wonder you took so long." He teases, "Nonetheless his work is worth the wait. I believe our dragon friend will not be disappointed."

Jia Hyson's eyes flash. The emperor seems very familiar with chef Wen. He didn't forget the emperor was revealed in the original book to be poisoned by a chef. It.. couldn't be..? 

"This lowly slave is flattered. This slave can only apologise for the delay and rush and offers the great dragon one of my specialities- Dezhou braised rooster in bone broth porridge." Chef Wen announces solemnly, his voice was slightly raspy but deep and warm. 

It was like a kind handsome uncle voice. Jia Hyson's ears twitch in faint enjoyment. The voice itself wasn't as good as the handsome uncle voice of the emperor's but the emperor's baby talk toward him ruins his handsomeness by at least six points. 

Seeing Jia Hyson's tail hasn't stopped waving, Tang Muxin made the executive decision. "Bring it to Jin Bao." She commands coolly.

"Of course priestess. This servant obeys."

Chef Wen walks towards the emperor and Jia Hyson, careful not to spill a single drop in the dish. As he reaches toward them, it was inevitable that he had to lift his head to accurately pass the food to the emperor who would feed the dragon. And it was impossible for the chef not to be curious about the dragon when he was so close.

Jia Hyson was also a little curious about Chef Wen for a few reasons, so when the chef looked up, they both were caught staring at each other. Chef Wen, a little flustered quickly looked back down and passed the bowl toward the emperor's free hand before quickly going back to his place behind the seventh prince.

Jia Hyson for his part, had stopped wagging his tail.

All he could recall was seeing Chef Wen's pitch black eyes.

----






This was Jia Hyson's fourth world and he had encountered these system shards in all of them. 

To be honest he felt that maybe he might have met a male lead character, with him being the main character of a quick transmigration story. After all, in the first world the shards were in the male lead and the brother of the female lead which were typical characters that a male lead in a quick transmigration story would be in.

However, generally in those stories, the male lead will always be someone OP or super rich or someone who will quickly become OP and super rich. It's to the point where any fans of the QT genre can immediately pinpoint the male lead- the villain boss, the male lead's more powerful uncle, the super strong interstellar military general, the bullied prince, the poor kid who is actually the illegitimate child of the big x family... 

Jia Hyson thinks of rooster Da Gong and now Chef Wen, and falls into silence.

Even though he more or less suspected this, the people who hold the shards in their body are really fucking random ah. 

Jia Hyson deeply reflected on himself and his presumptions about this whole matter. After all he says he will treat each shard like a new individual person, but as a fan of QT how could he have not held a little expectation, especially when so far all of the shards managed to move him emotionally to various extents? 

It's like saying you don't believe in lucky charms. But during the next few months after getting some good luck charm at a temple you become extremely lucky- winning the lottery, getting full marks by guessing on a multiple choice test, getting all the SSR characters in your stupid gacha game that you usually would never think to get unless you paid real money for... then it's impossible for your mind to not waver in your disbelief over this sort of superstition after constant affirmations otherwise. 

This was Jia Hyson's situation. 

After all he could say Drake from the first world captured his heart so easily because of his own vulnerability. After all, he had experienced death and a second chance at life. These sort of things couldn't be taken lightly to someone's subconscious. 

Once you experience a second chance you will instinctively want to pursue things you didn't get in your first life. Jia Hyson had experienced a good education, experienced fame, been rich, had multiple sex partners and many adventures as well as experienced the rush of killing, of indulgence and his mother had provided him family love. Romantic love was probably not the only thing he missed out on in his original life but it could be said to be the biggest thing. Therefore his mindset was most likely much more tolerant and accepting towards romantic partners than before. 

Jia Hyson was very self aware and liked to be introspective so this wasn't a new thought to him. After all, it was strange he was so quick to fall in love despite being so fickle and scum originally. By the third world as Prince Farrell he still fell for Sefu but the attitude he had was very different from the first world. It might be that Sefu was too easy to bully, it might be the indulgence of his rich character background or it could be that the freshness of romance had faded somewhat. 

But then again that didn't really explain the reason why his fickle heart seems to be more or less inclined towards the people with these shards. Of course he could just be overthinking it. After all in the grand scheme of things, who knew if this pattern would be maintained? The sample size was indeed too small to make a fuss over right now. There's no need to stress or try change his current mentality for now. 

Forget it. He's not protagonist material anyway. Just do his job and fall in love at whatever pace his heart feels like it. 

Thinking that he gives up thinking up things that were out of his abilities to control and looks at the large bowl of braised rooster.

...thinking about the two different shards and their current identities, Jia Hyson felt like the dish was a little malicious ha ha. 

Malicious or not, it was undeniably delicious. Even though Jia Hyson hadn't tasted it, the smell alone was enough to know that there were people out there that would cut their own arm off for a taste. And not like poor, starved people that were already desperate for food. Like, decently well off middle upper class people. 

Not to mention the potent amount of spiritual energy in that dish. It was impossible to pass up really.

To manage to keep so much energy in the food, it meant that the ingredients were not normal ingredients and the chef was not a normal chef. It's most likely in the future, Tang Muxin will temporarily become an apprentice for Chef Wu and take in his skills... if there's no sudden appearance of an equally skilled younger and more handsome chef that suddenly comes by of course. 

With the dish now so close to his proximity, Jia Hyson suddenly felt so hungry he wanted to bite at his claws in anticipation. Still, he had a strong affection for Da Gong. Even though the rooster turned a blind eye when the group ate chicken, nobody had eaten an actual rooster in front of him. It was hard not to be embarrassed and guilty.

Da Gong noticed Jia Hyson was sneaking looks at him nervously and instantly felt flattered. 

It turns out his little worm wanted to share the meal with him! How sweet!

Seeing that his worm was too shy to ask him to come over, Da Gong didn't want to embarrass Jin Bao in front of so many people and took it open himself to jump up and sit on the arm of the emperor's throne, balancing himself surprisingly well given his bulk. The emperor's mouth twitched violently as he tried to suppress his shout of surprise, as one usually does when a giant bird suddenly jumps at you. 

Da Gong tilts his head, twitching his head as most birds do when they face something new. However Da Gong was a bold and courageous chicken, and didn't hesitate before bowing down and tearing off a piece of the braised meat with his beak and swallowing it. 

Seeing that the food was good and didn't seem poisonous, he immediately tore another much larger piece and stared at Jia Hyson expectantly, fluttering his wings in the usual shy manner he does when he wants to feed his little worm mouth to mouth.

Emperor: ...

Princes: ...

Ministers and officials: ...

Tang Muxin: ...

Jia Hyson: ...I'm kind of into it.

Seeing that Da Gong was unfazed, Jia Hyson leaned over the emperor's lap and reached up to nibble the braised rooster meat. At first taste, his golden eyes lit up and glowed like it was using [Karmic Insight].

So good!

Rooster meat isn't common mainly because roosters are more aggressive and it's hard to raise in groups. Plus they had more uses alive then dead. However the meat itself wasn't so different from hens, while it was a bit tougher, it also had a bit more flavor. Generally though most laymen wouldn't be able to tell the difference. 

However the more spiritual energy an ingredient had and retained during the cooking process, the more delicious they were. The meat was not only not tough, but extremely tender and juicy, there was thin veins of fat through the meat but not in large chunks that would make it overwhelmingly oily. And even though it was heavily seasoned, the meat still somehow shone through, refusing to be overpowered by the mouthwatering blend of herbs and spices. 

Even Da Gong could not deny the deliciousness of the food and was unable to help starting to nibble the rooster meat still in his mouth. 

Unlike humans, there were many animals that engaged in the act of cannibalism. It wasn't that they didn't have any emotions toward their own kind, it was just that those emotions weren't exactly necessary. Once an animal was dead, regardless of whether you were the same species or not, you just became meat. Maybe if the dead individual was a close family member there would be a reluctance or refusal to eat but the animal world was really cruel. 

Even soft, and small hamsters are capable of eating their still living children if their diet wasn't sufficient. Flocks of domestic chickens have also been known to engage in cannibalism under stressful conditions as well. And during these times, such stressful conditions weren't unusual. 

Da Gong was not a wild chicken but he also couldn't be considered very domesticated either given his tyranny, he had higher intelligence but at the heart of it he was still an animal who didn't put a large amount of weight on morals, much less all those complex human ones that are full of exceptions and double standards. After all, it's not like humans have never engaged in cannibalism or other acts that desecrate their fellow species' bodies. 

Seeing that Da Gong really didn't care, Jia Hyson also was too lazy to care either and the two shared a very lovey dovey moment sharing pieces of braised rooster mouth to mouth while on the most powerful man in china's lap. 

Emperor: I can smell the delicious smell of braised chicken but why do I seem to taste dog food?

It was definitely a scene nobody had seen before.

In the future there will be a painting of this moment. It will be put in a museum and many historians and artists will try interpret the metaphorical meaning behind having a large rooster and a small dragon feed braised meat to each other, mouth to mouth while they are placed on the opposite arms of the throne where a regal emperor sits between them. 

Did the rooster represent the new age, as it always calls out and signal to us the rising of the sun and a new day? And the dragon symbolise the good fortune and prosperity that had come to the dynasty during this time period? Or maybe it meant the blurring lines between the common people (rooster) and the aristocrats (dragon) which the emperor had cooly watched over, impartial and unfathomable? Or could this be one big metaphor about the food shortage and droughts during the time that had been eventually overturned into the most prosperous period thanks to introducing new methods of agricultural farming methods and some very timely luck?

Nobody knew. They only knew that the symbols of the rooster and the golden dragon had become popularised during the middle of this dynasty as well as a large cultural and agricultural boom that supported China well for a long time afterwards.

...

Afterwards the happy emperor announced he was throwing a large banquet to celebrate the coming of the little dragon and invited Tang Muxin and the others to stay at the palace as guests. 

They all politely declined but promised to stay a few days before the banquet starts. After all, they were determined to run their business. If they just lazed around and succumbed to the luxury of the palace, then there was no accomplishment in their hearts. 

Most importantly, if the readers saw this they would absolutely riot. Who on earth would be happy reading x amount of chapters about building and preparing a store before the characters at the last minute throw it to some random servants to deal with while they go live it up in the palace arc? That was why the salted fish Jia Hyson suddenly became very energetic and insisted everyone should continue be diligent and hardworking humans. 

Tang Muxin who watches the little dragon quote inspirational words while laying on Da Gong's back lazily: '...are you not also a human?'

Jia Hyson: ConfusedDogeface.jpeg 'Eh? Me? I'm just a cutie? Do cuties need to work?'

Tang Muxin: 'Okay. You really aren't human heh.' 

Jia Hyson and the group left the palace like they had entered- in style. This time the emperor wished to make it clear to the entire country who was supporting them and allowed the group to use the imperial carriage that only royalty was allowed to use. Nobody objected. Some even thought it was too little.

The princes especially wanted to do something. Unfortunately their emperor father was too quick and had already arranged everything and practically princess carried the little dragon into the carriage in front of everyone. Even though his body had quickly gotten worn out due to his illness and age, the emperor adamantly refused to stop holding the dragon and ended up being carried on a simple ornate palanquin while hugging a faintly embarrassed Jia Hyson while his even more embarrassed sons followed behind him with complicated expressions. 

Emperor father... your dignity as the dragon emperor... ah, ah they really couldn't look.

Only the seventh prince did not seem to have any sense of shame and stared longingly and enviously at his emperor father as he trotted behind. "Aiyah, emperor father is so stingy, he should let us all have the honour of touching the dragon too." He mutters.

The crown prince inwardly agreed but sneered anyway, "You dare argue against the decisions of emperor father so openly? Are you a fool?"

The seventh prince gave the crown prince a large blinding smile, "First brother, it's really no good to be so negative. Aren't you afraid you will lose your hair from all that stress? After all your maternal family do have a history... but never fear, if you are worried about it feel free to visit my dragon village, our temple has a lot of good items, maybe there's something there to cure your balding problem. Of course even if you are my brother I can't desecrate my beliefs for nepotism so you will of course have to undergo our baptism which-"

Crown Prince: '...' He remembered why he didn't like to engage with this guy no matter what.

Seeing that the seventh prince was going to start his spiel about his religion and how it would be good to visit his stupid temple, the crown prince on reflex covered his ears and sidestepped so he was a few feet away from his seventh brother. It couldn't be helped, at this point nobody could really stand the seventh prince's cult talk. Not only was it insanely annoying and long winded, but the seventh prince was very strong and physically fit and was willing to chase you down so you could continue to listen to him. 

Unless you made it abundantly clear, there was no way to stop the man.

However the moment he did this, the crown prince immediately realised his mistake.

Fuck! Right! Dragons were real! 

Aghhhh!

The other princes were not as brash and short sighted, and seeing that the dragon crazy seventh prince was about to start one of his speeches, they all swallowed their reluctance and slid closer to the man with flattering smiles.

Scholarly second prince: "Seventh brother, I heard your temple has much beautiful art, I feel like it's been such an awful oversight on my part to ignore it. May I amend my mistakes and ask to visit sometime in the future?"

Musically inclined sixth prince: "I agree, didn't you recently bring in singers and storytellers to further expand your teachings? Why don't I come down and help while I'm there?"

Playboy fifth prince: "Uh, I know I said that I was very busy this week, and next week, and the week after seventh brother, but I feel like I have been enlightened and should take a break from indulging my time in the red light district and spend more time with you instead. I have always admired your steadfast and strong beliefs and decisiveness you know?"

Scheming third prince: "Seventh brother, you saw how badly I messed up today. I know your religion values kindness and generosity, I am humbling myself to learn more about your wonderful religion and beliefs. Please take pity on me and educate me of what I have so ignorantly dismissed before."

Coquettish ninth prince: "Big brother- Can I visit your dragon village- Before my concubine mother didn't let me because I was too young but I really want to go!"

Crybaby fourth prince: "Wuwuwu brother... I'm sorry for always running away from you before, I also want to visit your temple..." 

Seventh prince: ...

The seventh prince had never felt so popular among his brothers before. He was a little speechless. 

Hey, hey, you guys were so embarrassed by emperor father before but it seems your skin is still pretty thick ah?

Still, the seventh prince would not look a gift horse in the mouth and quietly regaled his brothers of the greatness of dragons and how they simply must join him in his morning prayers. If they couldn't join him in the morning there was evening prayer. And if they couldn't do that, he could kindly provide an afternoon prayer time just for them.

Princes: ...Really want to play dead.

Jia Hyson who had sensitive ears, and the emperor whose hearing was also pretty good, overheard it all. It couldn't be helped, not only were they in close proximity but the seventh prince was also a little too loud. 

The emperor chuckled helplessly and tickled Jia Hyson's chin making him chirp and wriggle cutely. "My sons... I'm not sure if I raised them very well or not but I'm not unhappy with this outcome either." He sighs, "I'm just worried. Raising a good emperor is different from raising a good son. I'm afraid none of them are worthy to rule well. They don't have the ruthlessness needed for the throne." He confides.

Generally the fight for the throne was really bloody. However the emperor had not only kept his concubines in line more or less, he also kept his sons more or less in line too. It was sort of unprecedented to be honest.

Now all the princes were grown up and only the unfavored eighth prince had been taken actions against. And to be fair, nobody really liked him much anyway.

Eighth prince Yan Huizhong: ...

Sure it took a lot of ruthlessness to kill someone, but the weight of ending a family member's life was obviously far more taxing to the heart. The emperor didn't want his sons to do this of course. But he also felt uneasy at the same time. The palace was pretty much of the belief that what doesn't kill you makes you stronger and the emperor, as open minded as he is, was also raised on this. It was very contradictory and something he couldn't really confide to anyone in, even his beloved empress. 

Jin Bao the little dragon was different, his guard was instantly lowered in front of the cute creature. The emperor felt very safe talking about his worries with the dragon.

Jia Hyson who suddenly became a little tree hole: ???

However this was advantageous to Jia Hyson as well as he could listen to the emperor's personal thoughts about the princes and their worthiness. Overall the man still had his hopes on a few but ultimately the emperor was still indecisive and unwilling to hand it to anyone right now. Which, you know, really just meant nothing useful other than Jia Hyson reinforcing his decision to find a natural way for Tang Muxin to cure the man and extend his lifespan.

Once they reached the carriage, the emperor reluctantly passed Jia Hyson back to Tang Muxin who unhesitatingly passed him to Da Gong like a hot potato.

Jia Hyson who was practically thrown onto the giant cock: '...Mu Mu you are breaking my heart baby.'

Da Gong: 'It seems I have not treated you so well in vain big boobed human.'

Once the carriage had left, everyone watching them leave also dispersed. The emperor went to go visit his empress and rest. The princes went their seperate ways with various thoughts in their minds and the officials and ministers also scurried off. 

Seeing everyone leave the seventh prince looked around and found Chef Wen. Gesturing the man to follow him he turned around to go to a more private area. As the seventh prince walked away, his warm smiling face gradually cooled down. With his appearance his appearance had transitioned from a friendly albeit intimidating large dog to a completely fierce and wild wolf. 

Chef Wen who walked behind him also straightened his back once there were no more eyes on him. His black eyes flash with intelligence and wariness. "My prince, what should we do now?"

The seventh prince's mouth twitched. "How the fuck would I know?" He said helplessly, his voice still very rough but much quieter than before. Who would know that dragons were actually real? It was so ridiculous that it was impressive he hasn't devolved and broke down into crazed laughter by now. Could it said he was extremely lucky or unlucky?

After all, who would've thought the lie he had spent nearly his entire lifetime weaving would come back to bite him like this?

He had driven away his concubine mother, disappointed his emperor father and successfully managed to hide himself all this time from his craftier and more sinister brothers. Under the guise of being a dragon fanatic, of being insane, the seventh prince quietly obtained many things. 

Loyal and powerful death soldiers who disguised themselves as part of his crazy 'cult following' were slowly cultivated and amassed, spies were planted, and because of his infamous violently muddled and fanatical temperament over time everyone became too lazy to plant their own spies around him. The few that were observing him had long been bought off, killed off or converted.

Most importantly, under his 'I love dragons, my dream is to spread my love of dragons to the citizens, I want to ascend and become the great dragon warrior that is acknowledged by the heavens' nonsense, coupled with his legitimate achievements in the battlefield, he had managed to collect land to establish his 'ideal temple' and was gifted with gold, agricultural resources, and building resources as a reward for his work. 

Because his identity was so firm in the minds of everyone, there were very few who suspected him. Besides, the seventh prince did indeed establish a temple and had even brought in people from nearby impoverished villages to settle around the area, establishing a small town community. 

Religion always required a lot of things, food, shelter, various metal instruments and space to do their traditions in a safe and private manner. 

But then again, another thing that needs this is war. Specifically when raising a private army.

The seventh prince had always been smart and radical as a child which has not changed over the years. He was also legitimately a bit insane. If he wasn't how could he think of such an out of the box plot like this. It was basically the classic strategy of playing the pig to eat the tiger but on drugs. Hallucinogenic ones. 

However because it was so crazy, it worked very well. Not to mention, other than the generally paranoid eighth prince who had the worst childhood experiences out of all of them, most of the other princes were actually fairly well raised thanks to the emperor doing his best to keep the harem and the boys in check. 

But the eighth prince was unfavored, was good at making enemies and also didn't have good eyes because he put his loyalty to the crown prince who clearly was just milking his worth dry. Therefore even if he had suspected something the seventh prince wasn't worried about anything coming from that. 

The crown prince and third prince were the slyest of the bunch apart from the eighth prince, however the crown prince was super arrogant which blinded him to a lot of things. The third prince had been trickier but the seventh prince had been ready for him. After many years of fending off the spies through various means, and playing dumb, the third prince had already stopped seriously bothering the seventh prince for a long time now. Ever since a year and a half ago, the third prince who had become more busy trying to find ways to stand out and beat the crown prince, had pretty much completely stopped paying attention to the seventh prince and the main surveillance restraining him was gone.

A year and a half was enough to do many things, especially when the seventh prince had prepared so many things. 

Chef Wen was one of them.

However... now the seventh prince, who was usually brimming with confidence felt an unprecedented headache. 

It was really a good thing he didn't do things in halves and actually devoted a lot of his time on dragon research to better sell his lie, otherwise he really would have been defrauded right then and there. So many years of pretending to love dragons, it isn't unexpected to himself that this lie had become truth to some extent, but today the seventh prince felt like he had really and truly immersed himself in the role.

The dragon was pretty cute.

But more than that it was terrifying.

Because this was a creature that will determine his life or death.

Absentmindedly he patted his back, thanking his foresight that he wore thicker robes. His back had been drenched from nerves. 

He didn't know if dragons could detect lies but the moment it figures something is off, all his efforts will be wasted. And once his emperor father realised he had any rebellious thoughts, that he even cultivated a private army to increase his chances and serving as a back up if he fails to gain the crown under legitimate means... it would be good if his corpse would still be intact ah.

Unfortunately the emperor was already poisoned, he couldn't take it back and Chef Wen still had use. He was the only cook who could make such good and nourishing food that had notable energising and healing effects. The seventh prince not only had intelligence but good intuition, while he didn't really believe in spiritual energy, he knew that Chef Wu had developed some sort of technique that gave his food properties normal food usually didn't have. 

It was with that intuition that he dared to bring him out to feed the dragon. He instinctively knew no other imperial chef would have impressed it as much as Chef Wen and his abilities. 

Unfortunately this also meant it would be difficult to discard the chess piece once it entered the spotlight. 

"Stop the dosage for now." The seventh prince after some thought decisively orders. 

He wasn't an idiot. The extent of these people's abilities were hard to grasp, but he had no desire to underestimate them despite them being commoners. Not to mention the dragon... No, there was no value in panicking and pushing blindly forward with his current plan of poisoning the emperor and fishing in troubled waters. 

A lesser man might have chosen the route of increasing the poison and rushing the already weak emperor to his death before people became too suspicious, but the seventh prince did not dare. He waited this long because he cherished his life and only wanted to strike in the face of a nearly absolute victory. Even if he failed he didn't want to die, for death was an absolute that nobody could come back from.

Thinking further, the seventh prince felt that he should also make sure no suspicion fell to him if these unknown factors did find out about the emperor's poisoning matter. "Where is the twelve thousand year old ginseng?" He asks before quickly waving his hand, dismissing his own question.

"Never mind, I remember. The banquet is in ten days so we don't have much time. I will depart to the temple. On the fourth day use whatever I have in my treasury plus the ginseng I will give you and make the most nourishing and cleansing dishes for emperor father to detoxify his body with. 

I will say that seeing a real dragon has energised my body and soul and while rushing to pray and personally collect some items the dragon might enjoy from my dragon temple I passed by and found a twelve thousand year old ginseng. Thinking of my beloved emperor father's weak body I immediately sent some people to give it to you to make a dish out of."

The plan was really good. Not only will it showcase Chef Wen's abilities and the seventh prince's filial piety, it will cleanse the emperor's body of the majority of the toxins and minimise both the evidence of their crime as well as suspicion upon themselves. After all, nobody would believe that the person who spent so much time poisoning the emperor would also be the person who would waste such a rare medicinal miracle like twelve thousand year old ginseng for the emperor as well. 

Not to mention, even if it detoxified the body, the damage the poison left is permanent. If the seventh prince determined the dragon and it's entourage was incapable, he could easily continue where he left off and it could be passed off simply as a relapse of old illness. 

Chef Wen was also not a simple man, he quickly grasped the intention and smiles faintly. "Yes your highness." 

The seventh prince glances at Chef Wen, "Good man. While in the treasury you may also take a few pieces for your troubles. I trust you know not to overextend my kindness though."

The chef's smile had become noticeably wider. One of the reasons he had chosen to follow the seventh prince after discovering his true abilities was that, despite everything the seventh prince was actually very careful. Another was that he was also very generous to those who have proven their loyalty and worth. "This servant knows and is deeply honoured with your highness' trust." Chef Wen pauses before laughing lightly, "The missus will be very pleased at your generosity as well."

The seventh prince also laughs, though it was not as boisterous as before in front of the emperor and his brothers, instead it was quieter and muted. "Your wife is truly a greedy thing. I don't see why you must put up with such an annoying woman. At the very least you should've accepted the young lady I gave you last month, her temperament is much better than that woman and her beauty cannot be compared."

Chef Wen shrugs, "I have no interest in creating a fire in my backyard. Besides I am too lazy to take care of another. I already have two sons and a daughter anyway. This servant is already quite satisfied with the numbers of his household."

The seventh prince felt like Chef Wen was surprisingly really weak in this area. For a man to be brave enough to help him poison the emperor, and yet not dare to bring a concubine into his household despite his ugly country bumpkin wife... The seventh prince really couldn't understand it. Then again he supposes the wife would indeed be the type to cause a terrible fuss if Chef Wen did bring another lady in. She was quiet shameless after all. However it was ultimately not his business so the seventh prince discarded the topic in favour of other things.

"I will really be going to the temple, it's really too suspicious for me to leave during this time given my obsession with dragons therefore I will bring a few sculptures and things from the temple that hopefully the dragon will like." The seventh prince taps his chin thoughtfully. "The dragon jade strangely does not seem to appeal to the creature at all, only third brother's gift was left behind which is strange. There were some ancient texts that said dragon jade was actually things created by dragons, if that is true it would make sense that it's considered worthless to them."

"It's good for us then." Chef Wen comments mildly, "After all the crops that have the dragon jade mixed into the soil are always bountiful and plump. It is even better than the crops from the imperial palace. I am sure the dragon is much more interested in them."

The seventh prince nods appreciatively, "I will make sure to bring a lot of produce for you to work with. Don't be worried about your supply running out for now. Instead focus on winning the dragon and it's group over."

"Of course my prince." Chef Wen bowed, face full of confidence.

Four days later though...

Chef Wen stared at Da Gong. Static was still tingling on the hand he accidentally brushed against the rooster's body with and his black eyes brightened for a moment while the other's own silver eyes darkened.

After assimilating what information he had about who he was, and his place in this world Chef Wen's eye twitched.

Well. Fuck.




The seventh prince's plan was very good.

Unfortunately as the saying goes, 'man proposes, but god disposes'. 

Or maybe it should be 'man proposes, but dragons disposes'. 

Despite being a salted fish, Jia Hyson still has his lucky dragon constitution. While he wasn't aware of the seventh prince's plot, his luck wouldn't allow the prince to succeed. After all, this was an incredibly important plot point in the story that would add a bit of suspense and drama that would stimulate the rather slice of life story. If the seventh prince succeeded then what's the point of his OP good fortune ah?

Therefore on the fourth day when Chef Wen was carefully brewing a medicinal soup with the ten thousand year old ginseng the seventh prince had 'found by chance', Jia Hyson and his group of protagonists had entered the palace, coincidentally deciding to visit and stay until the banquet ends which was only a few days away. Not only that, Tang Muxin who had noticed the emperor's weakness beforehand, had also brought a lot of mystical grade herbs that were on the same level and higher than the ten thousand year old ginseng.

How did she get such good things?

Well, by 'chance' of course.  

Now as long as Chef Wen brought his dish to the emperor and expelled the remnants of the poison before Tang Muxin could properly diagnose the emperor, both he and the seventh prince would be safe. Unfortunately due to a series of events, not only was he one of the last to hear about the dragon envoy's early arrival, some foolish cooking apprentice also accidentally threw water over the fire of his stove, causing Chef Wen to experience a serious delay. And to top it off, a stray bird somehow got into the kitchen, messed the kitchen up with bird droppings and stray feathers before finally meeting it's end but accidentally hitting the wall and falling straight into his medicinal soup with the precious ten thousand year old ginseng.

Chef Wen: '...' What dogshit luck was this?

He had to change his dish and use what little ginseng was left, creating a delicious steamed fish that Chef Wen was only barley satisfied with. Unfortunately the time lost was fatal, by the time he was allowed to enter the inner palace to personally present the dish to the emperor, Tang Muxin was already checking the emperor's pulse. And since it was a private consultation, Chef Wen had no choice but to wait outside of the personal rooms and in the hall.

He had been late by only a few minutes.

Jia Hyson was on a silk pillow within petting distance of the emperor, feeding his mouse babies fruit with Da Gong sitting by his side vigilantly. Da Gong constantly was giving the emperor dirty looks. In his opinion, he didn't see why this strange old human insisted on touching his little worm and why all the other humans were just letting him! Even his Ye Cheng didn't dare to stop this human!

It was because even Ye Cheng clearly didn't dare to offend that Da Gong also reluctantly didn't attack either. However how could he be pleased. Could they not see this worm was taken? 

This human was so bad! To covet another rooster's worm! They even have kids together! 

Tut, tut, really depraved.

The depraved emperor who coveted the worms of rooster's: Suddenly craving for roasted rooster all of a sudden.

Tang Muxin frowns suddenly, she takes out a few medical instruments from her bag, some more modern ones like the stethoscope was specially crafted for her, some were simple but still specially made like the pure silver and gold acupuncture needles.

Typically in ancient dramas silver needles were like the main way to determine if someone had been poisoned but in reality it wasn't really the case.

Silver can detect poisons by turning a black color, specifically in the presence of the very popular arsenic sulfide. Unfortunately they couldn't detect all types, for example cyanide cannot be detected by silver. Not to mention, overexposure to silver can lead to argyrosis. Of course one would need a lot of exposure to silver particles but in the rare chance it was the case, using gold was still a bit safer. 

After a few tests and checks, Tang Muxin stares deeply at the emperor with faint pity. "Your highness," She carefully starts, before firming up her resolve and bluntly saying, "I'm sorry but you've been poisoned. I fear it has been quite a long time, causing a slow but persistent decline in your health. There is still quite a bit of buildup of toxins in your body, the good news is it's not too hard to release the bad blood but the damage has already carved itself into your flesh."

The emperor's hands clenched very tightly and paled. After taking a few deep breaths to settle himself, he looked at Tang Muxin with calm but reddened eyes. 

"How long?"

Tang Muxin hesitates, "This... it's quite hard to say to be honest given my limited information. It's a mix of things, by themselves they don't do much but together can cause quite a, ah, well it causes some toxic buildup and uncomfortable feeling at first. It's hard to discover early stages and only when it reaches a certain point does it all erupt into symptoms that indicate a serious illness. Before that they'll be occasional indigestion, fatigue, increase in appetite, dehydration and maybe dizzy spells. Did you recall experiencing these things before..?"

Of course he did. The emperor's expression was incredibly ugly. The problem was the emperor was sensitive to heat, so during the summer time when the temperature tends to soar, especially in the last few years were droughts were quite constant, he would experience various symptoms similar to what Tang Muxin had listed. 

However as the dragon emperor he couldn't reveal this weakness so easily. Only a few close people like the empress, his personal eunuch and closest confidents that he has known since he was young were really aware of the extent of his tendency in getting heatstroke. Even his own sons only thought he just disliked and was the summer heat and preferred to stay indoors during the season. 

Living in the palace gave the emperor an instinct district toward his family. He would never show such a big weakness against his sons who have the potential to try kill him in order to seize the throne. While he could never be confident that this secret would never slip it was still a bit of a blow anyway. 

Nonetheless, the secret has been leaked therefore there was a traitor in his inner circle of confidents. No matter who, this sort of revelation would never make one feel comfortable. 

Fortunately, he had the good fortune to meet the dragon priestess and the dragon who were not only kindhearted, but technically an impartial third party in this palace intrigue. 

The emperor was admittedly very tempted to shove all these problems to them to be honest. They were young, open minded, a mix of opinions and different perspectives and skill sets but had a strong sense of unity, smart and had the power of a friggin dragon. He was old and ill and also had great ambitions to be a salted fish emperor okay? And it wasn't like any of his sons had even half their qualifications really.  

Honestly, if the princes could hear their dear emperor father's thoughts it wouldn't have been strange for the country to experience the rare occurrence of having multiple princes rebelling at the same time. They probably wouldn't even want the crown at that point, they would just want to beat their annoying dad until he cried uncle. 

Tang Muxin, the medical genius, and Pan Shuchun, who had some basic modern knowledge in medicine, both went on to instruct the emperor of what to do, what to expect, good recovery tricks, probe further about his problem with heat, some good herbal and vitamin rich drinks... The emperor had to say, even his mother had never nagged him like this before. It was pleasantly unpleasant.

However of course nagging was still nagging so after a while the novelty quickly faded and the emperor hastily allowed the servant to finally let Chef Wen in. 

Entering the room, Chef Wen's hands were clammy and sweaty, and the dish had long lost his warmth, much like how he had long lost his confidence in surviving past the year. Maybe because he was distracted with his own thoughts, or maybe the bad luck was too bad, but after taking a few steps in Chef Wen tripped over his own feet and spilt half of the steamed fish onto the ground. 

Chef Wen's black eyes were full of dismay and despair. Even if the emperor didn't kill him for making a fool of himself and possibly suspecting him for treason, and the seventh prince didn't kill him for getting suspected and wasting his super precious ten thousand year ginseng, then he was just going to kill himself. Because this fucking day has really just drained his will to live. 

The emperor taps his fingers on his lap. "Are you okay Chef Wen?" He asks kindly, "Servants, please help Chef Wen up!"

Jia Hyson glances at the emperor whose face was filled with nothing but care and concern for a dear friend. It was really hard to believe that the old man was cursing Chef Wen, this heartless treasonous bastard who deserved to have all his five of limbs tied to horses and ripped apart. And yes, he was totally counting the 'third leg' in that count. 

After all the most likely suspect is clearly one of the imperial chefs in this poisoning incident. Chef Wen was one of the most notable and in the most ambiguous position as an extremely talented chef who regularly cooks for the emperor but serves the seventh prince. While it was a show of loyal character it was also easy to harbor suspicions, especially with how constant his 'care' had been the last year or so. 

Even if it wasn't, the man was still a strong suspect. The emperor would be a fool to trust him right now.

However like the age old saying, 'keep your friends close, and you're enemies closer'. Jia Hyson felt like, for the first time, the emperor was worthy of respect.

Emperor: ..For a split second I thought the dragon was a bit annoying to look at. Was it my imagination ah?

Chef Wen got up with a grateful look at the emperor. Either he was innocent or his acting skill was just as good. Jia Hyson swished his tail, a little excited, it was like he had really entered a court drama where two old veteran film emperors were facing off. 

The old chef knew that with the dish ruined, he really had no reason to stay anymore. He had to employ the skill almost every servant had to master when working here.

Cry and hope nobody executes him for this matter.

Looking at the fallen steamed fish dish, big fat tears rolled down his wrinkled cheeks. "I'm sorry your majesty..." After getting helped up by the servants he immediately went back down on the floor, but instead of the ungainly heap he had fallen into before he fell into a perfectly submissive kowtow. "Even though this lowly one knows it is only a dish, it is a dish with ten thousand year old ginseng my master had unhesitatingly gifted me in order to strengthen your majesty's great dragon body! This servant is appalled that this servant has hindered your health in such a stupid manner!" Chef Wen hit his head on the floor, from the sound of it, it was no small blow, "This servant is willing to use his lowly life to apologise for his clumsiness!"

Everyone: ...Old man you really know how to act ah.

The emperor was too lazy to do this back and forth, Waving his hand dismissively he impatiently orders the chef to rise up and to get a nearby servant to collect the remnants of the dish. The emperor gave the servant a pointed look. The silent servant's eyes flashed slightly and quickly and meticulously scooped the destroyed fish back into the dish before walking off at an incredibly fast pace.

Everyone could tell that the emperor planned to test the fish for poison.

However Chef Wen was pretty impressive, as he slowly struggled to stand back up, his expression didn't change at all. There was no sense of unease. Either he really was innocent or the fish wasn't poisoned at all or there was another insider who he was confident in that could fake the results. 

The emperor narrows his eyes slightly and taps his finger in a certain rhythm. It was a silent sign for one of his personal shadow guards to also follow the servant in order to minimise the possibility of the third option. 

To be fair, even if Chef Wen had brought in a poisonous dish, he really didn't have the energy to be anxious at this point. Today was utterly exhausting for him and he was no longer young anymore. 

Cooking was stressful, the kitchen was chaotic and full of smoke and the ability to control the cooking process on their open fires and primitive stoves required a lot of concentration and skill. His own personal ability of utilising spiritual energy was also taxing, and he had to redo his dish on a time constraint as well. Added onto that the fact he had fell heavily then purposely hit his head in order to beg for mercy, it was really just a testament to his stamina and endurance that he hadn't fainted yet.

Still, straightening his back up, he couldn't help but feel weak and sore everywhere. Wobbling slightly his old knees suddenly gave way and he fell again toward the emperor's direction.

Da Gong, seeing this elderly human might fall and crush his little worm, unhesitatingly jumped up to block the chef.

Jia Hyson, touched: Da Gong... you're too handsome! (  ) 

Emperor, touched: Rooster... you're really quite handsome! (  ) 

However Chef Wen was also not one to be scoffed at, seeing he was going to make another blunder, he urged his body to wake up, lifting his foot up and stomping forward, steadying himself and keeping successfully upright and firm again. However because one animal jumped forward and one chef almost fell in the same direction, it was inevitable that there was some contact. 

Chef Wen's hand at the lowest point of the fall, right before he forced his leg to steady himself, had brushed against Da Gong's flapping wing. A feeling of static pricked at his skin and black eyes lightened for a moment. 

At the same time Da Gong's own silver ones darkened slightly.

It was too fast for most people to see it but Jia Hyson was a dragon now. He, who was paying close attention to the pair was stunned to see this odd reaction. Unfortunately it was so fast Jia Hyson wasn't confident in what he saw and wondered if it was a trick of the light. 

Chef Wen stared at Da Gong with increasing horror as knowledge frantically was being assimilated to his brain. Maybe because of the shock, his usual craftiness had ran off and his true brash nature suddenly emerged after years of suffocation under the palace intrigue, causing him to do something brainlessly stupid.

He grabbed Da Gong and ran.

Nobody could react in time. Maybe it was because they were surprised at the unexpected action, dumbfounded by how energetic and powerful Chef Wen suddenly became or maybe just plain shocked the overbearing Da Gong had just let himself be kidnapped.

By the time they recovered Chef Wen was jumping across roofs. it was clear that he had more than just cooking skills that can utilise spiritual energy.

"FIND HIM!" The emperor roars.

Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao unhesitatingly joined the shadow guards that had popped up to chase the runaway chef. Jia Hyson also ran out, however he quickly slowed down and hid.

"What are you doing?!" Bebe urges. "Da Gong's been kidnapped!"

Jia Hyson's heart was beating with anxiety but he forced it too slow. "But he's not," His tone was a bit snappish but quickly it cools down into a strained calm and measured voice, "think about it, the two are clearly shard pieces. I think I saw something when they touched... While there's no evidence right now I believe that Da Gong wouldn't have gone unwillingly. The best thing I could do for Da Gong is to let them talk and believe in him."

Bebe wanted to argue but it stopped before it could voice anything. It's host was right. They didn't understand the shards well and this behaviour from both parties were undoubtedly strange. "Then what do we do?"

Jia Hyson's tail was swinging furiously as he tapped his claws on the rooftop he clung onto. "The plot won't make sense at this rate. Chef Wen's behaviour is illogical... My character wouldn't do what I'm doing as well... At this rate I'll OOC, no at this rate the story is a mess... but I don't know how important Da Gong's talk with that old man is... at the very least I must do something that both hinders and helps... out of all my skills..."

He opens his eyes brightly, they were clear but at the same time clearly a little mad. 

"I'm going to summon the dragons."

...

"Fuck," Chef Wen curses as he finally locks the door after making sure he lost everyone.

He looks at the silent rooster he had unceremoniously dropped onto the floor and sighs heavily. "This does explain why I wasn't moved by the little dragon at least. It turns out my background is that I was a fake child of the Wen family. Aiyah."

Yes, because Chef Wen was a cannonfodder character that had some importance as the person who personally poisoned the emperor, he had received a lot more information about this world and the story surrounding his person. He now knew who he is and who he truly is. 

A piece of a system. 

Da Gong had also experienced a great shock. However ultimately compared to the great ups and downs in Chef Wen's mind he was faster to accept.

The sudden knowledge of being a system shard was just that. Knowledge. They were not given any strong memories, only impressions on their mind about their other counterparts as well as a general instinctual feeling about certain things. They didn't have memories of any past identities they may have put on, nor do they know who was winning the race they had been running.

It was similar to if you woke up one day and realized that you were a hamster in your past life. It was interesting and slightly useful information. However it is not something that would completely overturn your world views- except for religious views of course- and overall has minimal effect on your current life. You wouldn't really alter your perception and identify yourself as a hamster after such a revelation, in the same manner Da Gong did not think he was a human or a system. He was merely just Da Gong with a background. 

Chef Wen was similar, while he knew he was a system shard he still only saw himself as himself with some newfound knowledge. There were few things he was capable of doing now that he was aware of it but again those things were like a super last resort such as blowing himself up and completely disintegrating his core shard piece in order to completely destroy something or someone. It was seriously the cost of his life and all the experience his shard had accumulated. There were also a lot of other things he could do but the cost was still considerably high. 

Chef Wen would like to believe that any shard wouldn't be stupid enough to activate any of the skills. After all their jobs as shards were merely to live a life and take whatever fate they take on. Even if they retained their human selfishness and perspectives of life, it is undeniable that their strong values in terms of their own life and death would drop to negatively levels. Knowing that death is not the end, with solid confirmation that they are just a drop of water that will always return eventually even if in a different shape or form, is both humbling and comforting.

Even though his life was not the best, it could even have been described as unfair and harsh, Chef Wen wouldn't use any of the skills a shard had on hand to change it. It was like cutting off your leg in order to lose a bit of weight, it didn't make sense to do such a thing for something that he understands is insignificant and counterproductive in the grand scheme of things.

Da Gong seeing Chef Wen calm down, finally opened his beak. Because they were shards who had awakened their awareness they could now cross the language barrier similar to how Tang Muxin and Jia Hyson could. 

"I want to use one of the skills." 

Chef Wen: ...

It turned out there was a shard who was willing to use the skills. 

Listening to what Da Gong wanted Chef Wen's face became increasingly ugly.

Another reason why the skills they could use were so bad was that if they weren't a balanced shard piece, they would pull down their counterpart for the world they lived in. 

For example the suicidal skill of blowing themselves up meant there would be no more of that shard piece in the world. If it's a balanced shard with both yin and yang elements then the only one they would harm is themselves. However if a yang shard did this, then the yin shard who was suddenly left behind in such a violent matter might experience negative feedback due to the unnatural event. 

If the yang shard had died naturally it would've been okay but they went against the order to blow themself up using skills that don't belong in this world with a power beyond comprehension against the will of the world's consciousness and heavenly path. 

Even the weakest and most pathetic world's consciousness and heavenly path wouldn't allow such a thing to exist upon discovery and the best case in this situation is that the individual with the yin shard would be kicked out of the world and be forced to bond and fuse with a nearby yin shard. Even if it's not as bad as complete destruction, it's undeniable that it meant there was one less yin shard traveling through of various worlds. 

Therefore no matter how antagonistic they were to each other, the yin and yang shards instinctively knew not to wield their skills so easily. Even if they were a balanced yin-yang shard who wouldn't pull down anyone with their destruction, because of their own goals they also didn't dare to think about it. 

And yet...

Chef Wen's temple throbbed. 

This fucking pig teammate! 

"You can't be serious." He crosses his eyes and stares down at the bird. "I know you're an animal now so your complex thinking is probably hindered but aren't you supposed to be the smart and cold blooded counterpart?"

Da Gong hmph-ed too lazily to answer. After all they both more or less knew the reason why they were split into pieces, and it certainly wasn't to stunt their own character growth 

Chef Wen also understood but he was still upset. "You fucking chicken, that skill isn't as bad as the others sure but it will make the progress we've accumulated in this lifetime almost for naught. This old life of mine isn't fucking easy okay. I know I have no memories of my past lives to compare but palace life isn't fun for anyone. It will kill me knowing this life I've lived would be wasted."

Seeing how worked up the other was getting, Da Gong tsk-ed and shook his head. "You're really an idiot. Laozi is ashamed to know you are part of me."

Worse IQ than a rooster Chef Wen: ...Can I broil you alive? 

Even though he's not the smartest person he is still alive isn't he?? 

Well... probably not for long though. 

Da Gong explains his idea slowly this time. It seems even though he was just a rooster in this life he still knew how to calculate well. Fortunately Chef Wen's life experience meant he wasn't simple either so after the second time round he understood what the rooster wanted. But he still wasn't happy.

"Fine, I admit it does somewhat benefit me so I can't really complain I guess but why do this at all?" Chef Wen scratches his head, "Look whatever past we have, I personally have nothing against... rooster you. While I hate to admit it, if you pass on normally your faction would definitely have an advantage."

Da Gong went silent again. Of course he understood that. Even though he had a smaller rooster brain he perfectly comprehended what he was doing was illogical and destructive.

For animals the prime objective is to live on and reproduce. It is not the individual that matters but the species. 

If the shards are the individuals, then the split of personality that differentiates each other, yin, yang and yin-yang are their species they must live for. Right now they are in a competitive relationship vying for the same goal. While each shard doesn't have an awareness on how well their factions are doing it is this unknown that drives them to do their best.

After all, a species that fails to do what it's meant to do...

Will of course naturally face extinction. 

"I know." Da Gong clucked solemnly, his silver eyes determined, "But I cannot bear to let my little worm be so lonely knowing that I have the ability to change it. If I have to give up a lifetime to accompany my little worm a single day more I gladly will."

Chef Wen: ...your worm?

Chef Wen squinted, "Wait... are you talking about the fucking dragon?!"

Da Gong looks at his counterpart like he had brain damage. "Obviously. Who else is deserving to be my mate?"

Chef Wen: ...

"You-" Chef Wen squints, "I really want to broil you ah."

In the distance, thunder begins to roll in, a dark and terrifying storm had started to form above the capital.

...


Pan Shuchun at this time stayed with the emperor. What else could she do? Her identity was fashion designer wrongly transmigrated, she really didn't have the capabilities to track down a hidden master like Chef Wen.

However for the shard counterpart to Da Gong be a traitorous chef who specialised in cooking white meat... hah, it seems the antagonistic relationship between the original personalities she belonged to was still going strong. 


Pan Shuchun whose yin-yang shard represented the balanced and technically neutral aspect of the Bipolar Prince system, tsked disdainfully and wished to pop a few melon seeds in her mouth. "Heh." 

Truth be told, if Pan Shuchun was really a neutral shard she would have felt some concern or something for the other two. But overall Pan Shuchun instinctively felt a an irrational irritation, and a sense of faint loathing and condescension. 

It could be said, that the yin-yang aspect, the part of the bipolar prince system that wasn't interested in separating the two personalities and wished to merge peacefully, also disliked and looked down on the yang and yin shards. However they didn't like to admit it because it would make them seem just as bad as the other groups.

In short, the Bipolar Prince was really just an awful emotional mess of a system with clearly a lot of self-love issues. 

Bipolar Prince shards across the worlds and universes: ...Suddenly feel like I've been shot while lying down ah, what to do?

The emperor who was still not great physically due to illness had to forcibly calm himself on his throne. Chef Wen's abnormal response and sudden reveal of his amazing qiggong skills, plus his previous points of suspicion were enough for him to declare him a criminal in his mind. He was even more emotional because the small dragon Jin Bao had also rushed out after the group to chase Chef Wen and his rooster friend.

Ah! Ah! The poor baby! What if he gets hurt! 

Seeing the emperor's bad state, Pan Shuchun shows a worried look and busies herself in helping the rest of the servants stabilise the man. This guy was their biggest golden thigh here ah! Can't let him die and cause the princes' infighting to escalate until they were fighting openly!

Meanwhile Ye Cheng was also not looking so good. To be exact he was so worried to the point he looked like was going to throw up. 

Fortunately, Eighth Prince Yan Huizhong was present and served to calm him for now with his presence. He and Duan Mengyao had already gotten evidence against the crown Prince and the third prince for plotting against them before, so he also joined the group in entering the palace as another dragon envoy. During the banquet, they planned to publicly rip the crown and third princes' faces off with their arrival. 

However for now, Yan Huizhong felt no anticipation for revenge. He only felt distressed as he hugged his agitated lover tightly into his arms, letting the bigger man sit on his lap like a distressed child while he whispered softly in his ear.

To be honest, Yan Huizhong had expected a lot when he finally came back to the palace. Anger, bitterness, regret, vindication, determination, ambition, satisfaction. He had been treated poorly as a child, he had struggled as he grew up, and he was finally betrayed by the only brother he really trusted. Now he came back with a powerful backer, and a way to achieve revenge. 

However, no matter how he hyped it up in his mind, it was a bit... well... he did feel those things. It was just a bit hollow. Weak. Yan Huizhong even felt a bit repulsed. Like going back to a shitty family reunion with the majority of the family members you found hateful at worst, nosy and boring at best, after a year of experiencing what it was like to live happily alone in a new place. 

With Ye Cheng in his arms, the emotions that felt so muted and apathetic since coming back seemed to blaze with a vivid and colourful pain. Ye Cheng was sunny and a bit cunning but ultimately was a kind, lovely and simple soul, and a commoner with ambitions to be a merchant. He was everything unsuitable for the palace life and Yan Huizhong couldn't bear to force him into it either.

To be honest he didn't know what to do before with Ye Cheng. He had wanted to defeat his brothers. Let them bow and beg at his feet, they who had scorned him and looked down on him, now beaten and forced to concede defeat. He wanted power, ultimate power, so nobody could ever think he was a bastard, a lowly unfavored prince, so easy to be bullied with no one to care. For this he planned to fight for what he was always able to claim, his birthright, and he planned to win no matter what. While he didn't wish for it, Ye Cheng could not be part of those plans.

But ambitions in the face of reality can crumble. And the reality is that Yan Huizhong's heart was already happy and content with the simple but strange life he had been leading till now. He realised now he didn't want to stay any longer than he had to in this disgusting place full of nothing but bad memories. He didn't want to relive the palace intrigue, the subtle scheming and cruelty. He didn't want to fight for the throne. He just wanted to leave. 

Leave and live simply with Ye Cheng. 

Well.. as simple as living with a man in ancient times that has a small zoo worth of animals as well as a giant black cock who could easily pin him down on the ground and fuck him up thrice over. 

...Da Gong aside, Yan Huizhong was now very confident in his revelation. For him, while the power of the crown was tempting, very tempting, a life without Ye Cheng was something worth sacrificing that temptation. 

"Huizhong..." Ye Cheng's voice wavers, even though his stature was large, right now he looked like a small and fragile thing in the eighth prince's eyes. 

"It'll okay," Yan Huizhong could only helplessly say, wishing he could do more. Then again, even if he had the ability to move, he still knew compared to the others like Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao he would not be as swift and his abilities were strongly based in analytical thinking, politics and intelligence. Staying behind to monitor and comfort Ye Cheng's emotional well being was really the best he could do, the best he could do for Ye Cheng really.

Still, he couldn't shake the helplessness away. He could only hug Ye Cheng tighter and do his best to analyse the likelihood of Da Gong coming back safely. Fortunately, the likelihood was really high and after a while, Ye Cheng had calmed himself down and reluctantly pull away from the prince's hug. Still, even though he was a bit embarrassed for making a scene in front of so many people, Ye Cheng did not distance himself from the other and continued to stubbornly hold Yan Huizhong's hand, ignoring the strange glances being sent their way.

Yan Huizhong smiled faintly and lightly drew circles on the other's hand affectionately with his thumb. 

Yes, he wouldn't regret his decision at all.

Pan Shuchun glanced at the two big men holding hands and gritted her teeth so hard they were about to crack.

These damn gays! Flirting in her face and shoving dog food down her throat while she's trying to help stabilise the emperor of this country! Ahhhh just leave! Go get a room! Fucking hell!

Suddenly something like an invisible wave seemed to crash into her, distracting her angry single dog thoughts. Even though there was no pressure or force, Pan Shuchun almost stumbled and took a shaky step back to steady herself. Her expression had become confused and a bit fearful.

What was that?!

Another wave seemed to hit her, however, she was better prepared and no longer showed how affected she was. Only the cold sweat and tight jawline gave her away. She looked upwards and knew something was coming. This feeling was most likely some sort of fluctuation of energy. 

Though Pan Shuchun was a shard of a powerful royal system, she shouldn't be so sensitive about energy flow, given her untrained human body. However that only emphasized how powerful whatever was happening was. Even the emperor and some of the more intuitive servants almost instinctively felt something was wrong and looked upwards...

And her face immediately changed from shock to horror.

What the fuck was happening ah? 

...

"-you're sure you can pull this off?" Chef Wen stresses. "Remember I can't complete my part of the deal if I'm dead ah." No matter what he felt a little doubtful of the plan. 

Because one, as a yang shard he almost instinctively dislikes his counterpart and has a nagging feeling that the other could very well just be ruthlessly stringing him along like a fool, ready to throw him away once his use is done. And two...

Well, this was a giant rooster he was talking to. 

Chef Wen, the larger part of him who has been a human for the past half a century, still felt very ridiculous talking so seriously at Da Gong. 

"I should be asking the same, tsk." Da Gong tsk-ed disdainfully. "After I help you out you'll do your best not to poison my, and my little worm's eyes, until I finally have use for you?"

Chef Wen: ...

"Yes." Chef Wen agreed through gritted teeth. Inwardly he was chanting, 'roast chicken, boiled chicken, drunken chicken, stir fried chicken, diced chicken...'

Da Gong suddenly turned his head, "Did you hear that?" He suddenly clucks.

Guiltily, Chef Wen immediately denied it, "I didn't say anything, I mean hear anything!"

Da Gong ignores the idiot human, he stares upwards silently. As an animal he was more sensitive to the changes.

Chef Wen may not be as good but he was both a shard and a talented person in utilizing spiritual energy so just like Pan Shuchun he also quickly felt the waves of pulsating energy and also looked upwards. Unlike in the palace he had hid them on the second floor of a building and had a much better view of the sky. Face paling quickly he trembling pointed upwards and could only spit out one word.

"...Fuck!" 

...

'Jin Bao froze helplessly, completely lost and unsure where Da Gong and the kidnapper have gone. His body which was going through a lot of development was dragging him down. He deeply regretted being so lazy and un-energetic in the past, relying on Da Gong heavily like a spoiled baby. Full of panic and turmoil he- uh, activates? 

No, no that's too robotic a word. Plus it's too out of the blue, after all there was no hint that Jin Bao had this skill... Chalk it to instinct? The sudden influx of spiritual energy? Triggered by entering the palace? Tsk, it's better to have a mix and use luck as an excuse maybe.' 

Jia Hyson waved his tail nervously. Mentally his mind was throwing various plot options at Bebe for it to write into the digitalized notebook which could be used to more heavily prompt or explains or provide suggested edits to scenes. Usually, he didn't really use the notebook other than to rewrite descriptions better, point out basic mistakes and some character plot holes and so on, however, the summoning of dragons he just did was too sudden. He was doubting himself a bit for his choice. 

Jia Hyson absentmindedly touched a claw to his snout, tapping it with faint anxiety. 

Maybe he was a little more panicked then he had thought when Da Gong was suddenly kidnapped ah. 

During the time he thought he was being clear-headed but honestly if you were being muddled and stressed it was hard to truly tell if what you thought was logical or tainted with bias. Jia Hyson felt like his three views were a bit twisted and his emotional ability to love was even more so, but overall he felt he was still more or less normal in a lot of ways. 

Summoning the dragons wasn't exceptionally hard, it just took a lot of energy and some dragon blood. Maybe because of that, the exhaustion afterwards had actually cleared his mind and the panicked tension somewhat which made him realise objectively the problem at hand. 

While it was a bit annoying, he couldn't scold himself for being stupid or regret it right now. 

He had to think of what to do with the plot. 

Calling the dragons was a big overreaction honestly. He had been planning to do this sort of thing during a big injury protecting Tang Muxin or something life-threatening. It would've been suitably dramatic and impressive under a tense situation with appropriate build-up. 

Sudden chicken-napping does not fit any of the criteria he had previously wanted to fulfil. 

'Maybe I, well, Jin Bao, wasn't very aware of what he was doing but to save Da Gong who had been by his side for so long he followed his instincts and called for help. Because he was much stronger and the palace has a strong connection to dragons plus his own lucky constitution, his confused attempt works. En. That seems okay.' 

Jia Hyson reluctantly decides to suggest this, 'Bebe, make sure to add a note for the Author God to add in some appropriate flashback scenes to add flesh to the emotional dilemma and justify the extreme reaction. Also, consider hinting that Jin Bao had been purposely suppressing some sort of agitation in his heart since entering the palace the first time, this would bring a smoother transition as it indicated that even though he wasn't fully aware of it, his bloodline knew that he finally had enough power and could rejoin with his kind or something along those lines.' 

To be honest there's inevitably going to be people who will dislike this sudden turn of the story even with this foreshadowing. After all a good plot needs good pacing. The presence of the dragons should've been best introduced in the later part of the story when the Dragon's Horde shop had been already opened and established. This will give the opportunity to bring in new characters, concepts and faceslapping after everyone had become more or less familiar with the last new group of characters from the imperial arc. 

The plot now was a bit too rushed for Jia Hyson's liking. While he was confident the story so far at the very least already is greatly improved from the original, with its unique twist, comedic and with the quite trendy plot point of multiple transmigrated characters that has the slight freshness that none of them are the antagonists- that didn't mean there wasn't flaws and trigger points. 

For example, people may be turned off of Jin Bao the mascot character, they may not appreciate Da Gong, the male leads are too boring, Tang Muxin isn't the strong Mary Sue typically found in these types of stories etc etc. Therefore depending on the Author God's skills and the audience's tastes this story may or may not have a higher rating than how it was before. 

Jia Hyson knew he wouldn't die from a few failures but ugh as a writer used to success and someone with a slight need for control in these sort of things, he didn't feel good at all. 

Fuck! Who knew losing Da Gong would affect him so fast?! Was he an ESA?

Emotional Support Animal

He didn't really have an opinion about emotional support animals honestly. Other than his mother and grandmother, and to some extent his brother, who he was very comfortable and close to, he was fairly independent in his original life and only would find others when he craved affection. In terms of pets he had some insects and fish because he didn't dare let himself handle more animals lest he suddenly felt the urge to do something bad. Jia Hyson was a bit of a psycho but he was a self aware one with principles.

Sure, one could argue, if he was self aware about it, it should be fine since he's going so far to avoid hurting any non fish or insect type animals. However, taking in a pet was a responsibility. Jia Hyson deeply felt that if he wasn't sure he could handle it, if he wasn't sure he wouldn't abuse, hurt, neglect or just ignorantly do something harmful to an animal, then he shouldn't take that responsibility at all. 

Of course insects and fish were the exceptions he allowed himself ah. And tiny shrimp. Because they were cute. And sometimes he would watch the bigger fish eat them. It was quite fascinating and oddly calming to watch firsthand the cruelty. But to him they were hardly 'emotionally supportive'. 

Bebe, listening to his internal monologue: ...If you felt emotionally supported by that, Bebe feels like that's even worse you goddamn vicious bastard.

So Jia Hyson hadn't personally understood this concept. In fact, with a lot of news he had read and listened to about how there was groups of people in A country with increasingly ridiculous pets being taken on planes with the excuse of being 'emotional support animals' he had even had a slight negative and cynical impression of the topic. After all the idea was good but the constant abuse of this idea as well as the clear downsides against people with physical illnesses and allergies toward animal dander made impossible not to look down on it and question the validity of it.

He knew there were people who genuinely required animals to help with anxiety, and he knows they've been clinical studies on how animal companions help with depression and blood pressure and so on, however the more you see how others ruin and take advantage of this concept the more people will be frustrated and less understanding. There was a period where ESA was very controversial due to these issues, one could argue isn't that why people have pets? Since they're not officially trained like service animals why give it a special status? Are these people really so dependent on an animal they must carry them with them everywhere and anywhere? And yes for people with crippling anxiety or PTSD it may be true but they were hidden under so many liars and entitled people who dragged their pet kangaroo or peacock or turkey on a plane, not considering the other passengers or even the animals themselves. 

The news about real ESAs and how they helped people could not even pick up a percentage of the popularity about a woman whose fake emotional support llama caused someone to have an allergic reaction on the train. People's perceptions naturally get skewed when others bring in their misrepresented animals and claim it to be part of a group they don't really belong to, making it harder for the people with legitimate problems and properly trained animals to continue to have the privileges they need. 

However now that he lost Da Gong, even for only a short while, he realized how important an emotional support animal was to some people! He had trouble keeping his thoughts together, doubting himself, his heart was pumping but his chest was tight which made it feel like it was hard to breath... Da Gong has been by his side for so long, he's provided him with affection, always gave him the best pieces of meat, took care of their 'babies', fought bandits, willingly carried him everywhere, seduced him with his handsomeness and mating rituals, ran hot baths for him when he wanted...

Ah! So this was what an emotional support animal was like! He understood now! 

Bebe: ...Well, it's was mostly right until the end there. Then it became less emotional support animal and more sexual support beast. Peh. 

However it was clear it's host was doing his best to fix the problem he created so Bebe wisely did not spit out it's poisonous thoughts and instead gave it's opinions as a reader to his ideas. 

One of the reasons it was accepted to be a Beta system was due to it's experience and resume as different types of systems, it was also because during the exams systems were tested on their aptitude for various things and Bebe had done very well in social media, water army fighting, critiquing, predictions of the trends of society and so on. In short one of it's strength was helping determine the popularity of things which while relatively a bit useless in a lot of other system jobs was quite good for Beta-ing. 

As they traded ideas and added notes and suggestions, the sky began to tremble and shake as dark clouds seemed to cover the entire city in an eerie dimness. The rumblings of thunder began to pound through the air like a heavy drum marching through the deserted streets of the capital. 

Even the most insensitive humans could feel the change and nobody dared to go out, but at the same time many couldn't restrain their curiosity and peeked out in curiosity, like they knew something unimaginable will be happening soon. Something that they will never forget in all their lives.

Then, the lightning crashed. 

Like blinding arrows lighting fell from the sky, however oddly enough these lightning strikes didn't seem to harm anyone, like mirages that served to brighten the darkness. It was strange and terrifying. Many people who directly saw the lightening had to yell in pain and fear as they went temporarily blind for a few moments. 

However what happened next was much more shocking than any lightning strike.

After the rain of lighting slowly started to lose it's ferocious momentum people began to realise the clouds above have begun to slowly dissipate from wherever the lightning left from. Even though the sky above was so high up, the lightning had already caused large gaps in them, making it easy for everyone to see what was hiding above.

Eyes.

Hundreds of pairs of large eyes were watching them.

It was enough to give them nightmares.

After more lightning fell, and the clouds were slowly weakening, creating bigger and bigger gaps, one of the creatures finally, impatiently made their move.

Even though the gap in the clouds was so large, to everyone's horror, the creature, who must have been standing tall and upright before, when moving closer, could barely squeeze through the clouds. Like the dark clouds were solid cement, they could see golden claws seem to grip tightly onto the opening, as a golden horse-like snout tried to force itself through.

Even though they were ancient people, the citizens of the era still understood the concept of distance and how small things get bigger when closer. While they couldn't comprehend exactly how big this thing was, they could understand just by being so easily able to see the general details of the creature in the sky that it was gigantic, bigger than any tree, building or even mountain they had ever seen. 

Clearly disgruntled at the tight fit the creature made a low roar of dissatisfaction that caused many children to clutch their ears and cry, and curled it's claws, piercing the cloud and dissipating it.

With more space, it finally dived down.

Despite the darkness, the lightning was more than enough light to reveal the golden shimmering appearance of the beast. It was familiar and yet so terrifyingly unfamiliarly alive.

It was a dragon.

A dragon descended from the heavens.




At this time if you hadn't plastered your face to the windows or had your nose poking through the slightly open door, you had either fainted or was incapable of movement. No matter how scared to death people were they also couldn't help but want to stare.

Dragon!

This was a true to god ferocious dragon!

Shocked! So shocking! Ahhhhh!

Even the customers who had frequented Pan Shuchun's clothing store or the Fairy Garden Inn where Jin Bao was often present, were not unaffected and nearly had a heart attack staring in the sky.

It couldn't be helped. Jin Bao was not only immature he was severely malnourished and had never had the opportunity to absorb his fill, constantly trying to reach the bare minimum needed. Even though right now his size was considered shocking to people, and his growth was indeed fast and impressive, from a gecko size to a particularly large and fat anaconda's, he was very intimidating at first glance. 

But now... looking at the dragon hovering in the air, with sharp claws that could easily pick up three tigers in one hand, a mouth that could probably take off half an aristocrat's home with a single bite, and a body that was as long as a small river...

Fuck! Did they see a fake dragon before?

Jia Hyson who was suddenly suspected of being a fake dragon: ???

Well, Jin Bao was really more like a plushie compared to this massive behemoth. A really tiny plushie. The ones that are small, look good to hug, soft and ridiculously overpriced because it was definitely made in Japan where all the good plushies live but you don't. Unless you do live there. Then a certain Author God would like to request a plushie donation, please.

...Please. 

Anyway, it was clear the dragon was not here for holiday. As he hovers in the air his tail swished violently, his head moving back and forth as if trying very hard to locate something. The impatience was palpable and the creature lifted his head upwards and roared fiercely. 

Seeing that the dragon might go berserk soon if he didn't do anything, Jia Hyson does his best to call out in response to attract the other's attention. 

However where the large dragon's roar was ferocity and full of primal power, Jia Hyson's was more like the sound a cat on a vibrating seat mewling into a megaphone. 

Jia Hyson: ...

The large dragon's ears suddenly raised and his eyes brightened hopefully. However the sound was soft, milky and unexpectedly so coquettish, not like a dragon should be unless they were a newborn, so the dragon wasn't sure if his ears had heard it correctly.

Tentatively he made another roar. It was not as impressive or arrogant, but it still had the effect of thunder cracking.

"ROOOOOOOOOAAAR!"

Jia Hyson hesitated before opening his little mouth again. 

"MREEEEEERP!"

Jia Hyson: ...

It's really a bit embarrassing now that he had a comparison to reference ah. 

However this pathetic mewling cry still had the intended effect. The large dragon immediately zeroed in onto his position. Don't underestimate the creature because of the large size but the golden dragon's reaction was incredibly quick. 

Even though he himself was a dragon, Jia Hyson couldn't help but step back when the other suddenly appeared right in front of him, deeply intimidated and awed. He had grown used to being a little dragon, but so far other than himself and a few interesting spiritual herbs and intelligent animals, there was really not much in the realm of fantasy. He really couldn't have mentally prepared himself against this face to face meeting with a proper mythical creature like this ah. 

Things like saying x was as tall as a building or the eye was as big as a grown man... these things could not simply be so easily imagined even if the description was incredibly good or the pictures were drawn realistically. There was just something about them that makes one's brain short circuit and not truly comprehend just how big it is. 

Jia Hyson has gone scuba diving before. While he never had enough luck to see a whale, he had seen manta rays. Those animals, he had known they were large and their width could reach 4-5 meters. He had seen videos and photos beforehand due to his excitement. However only by seeing them majestically glide through the water personally could he truly understand the size difference, to comprehend how elegant and smoothly they swam. 

This was the same but at the same time so very different. After all, the simple majesty of a manta could not be compared with a dragon at all. 

Mantas around the world: offended manta noises

The dragon stared at him ferociously, but there was a touch of confusion in his eyes. 

Hovering closer, the creature gave a deep sniff at Jia Hyson before the astonishment deepened. Hesitating the dragon made a much softer growl.

"Baby?" 

Jia Hyson blinks dumbly. Oof, when the dragon wasn't ear shatteringly loud his voice was... really nice ah. Deep, warm, gravelly, and clearly mature it was very in line to his tastes. Subconsciously he replied, "...D-daddy?"

Bebe:   

However that seemed to be the right answer. Almost immediately the big dragon's eyes welled up with tears. "It's really you! My son! My baby!" He howls, snatching up the tiny dragon with his claws, flying up into the air excitedly as he gently but enthusiastically peppered Jia Hyson with numerous kisses.

Of course dragons didn't really have lips so the large dragon was essentially poking him with his snout, the whiskers ticking Jia Hyson and making him squirm and 'mrp' cutely. 

Father dragon was both delighted and distressed. His baby was so small! His son's body could probably barely wrap around his wrist if he tried ah. Clearly the little thing must have been so hungry. He couldn't even imagine what the other must have gone through, how strong he must've been to survive thus far in such a spiritually deprived land. 

Ah! Ah! Ah! Just trying to think about what harsh trials and abuse the child has gone through just to get by, hurts his already aching heart!

If Bebe or Tang Muxin could hear the dragon's thoughts they would've puked blood. No, no, no your stinky son has been living the best life possible that he could afford down here. If the little dragon's last few months were considered abuse then nobody on earth could claim they were treated well ah!

Jia Hyson also really didn't know what to do about this either. After all he wasn't familiar with the body's birth father. In the end he just shot a [Cutie Beam] and rolled around curiously while blinking his eyes, looking baffled and confused.

Father dragon: !!! (,,,, ) So! So cute!!!

Overwhelmed by the meng being sold, and already very emotional seeing the son he had presumed lost and dead after months of fruitless searching, Father dragon burst into incoherent tears. Jia Hyson could only understand parts of what the dragon was sobbing out, about how much he missed him, and how he couldn't believe this was real, and a lot of 'thank the heavens'.

Jia Hyson: ... QwQ

Oh no, now he can feel himself tearing up. 

He didn't forget the tragic side mission that made him cry before, the one to grow up well and to let his dragon father and mother see him happy with another partner before he grows old and dies. Those stories about old people living in regret and dying alone always hit him very hard.

However even if he planned to do so in the future he could not bear to leave his favourite big cock, Da Gong, while he was still here and whole. Dragons had long lifespans, roosters did not. Jia Hyson knew the facts, and he was mentally prepared 

after a period of mourning, Jia Hyson was fairly assured that he could find a partner that would satisfy the conditions. For now his big rooster was the most important.

Thinking that, Jia Hyson uses his tail to not so lightly hit at the sobbing dragon to gain his attention and turns on his own waterworks.

"Father... My mate..." Jia Hyson forces his eyes to be watery, only half-faking his anxiety, as he raises his claws up toward Father dragon and lowers his ears. It was a perfect image of pathetic and cute. "My mate was captured wu... Please help me father..."

Father dragon's thoughts in response could essentially be compiled into three stages.

Father dragon: Fuck! So cute! How can he be so adorable??

Father dragon: Fuck! Who dares make my son cry? Laozi will personally eat them! How dare they- they- they... eh? Eh?

Father dragon: ...Fuck.

Still, no matter the reservations Father dragon had, nor how complicated and messy his thoughts were, he could not deny his sad son who he had only just reunited with. Before he knew it he had already picked the little thing up with his claws and risen up into the sky. 

With his natural golden dragon bloodline, his luck and intuition was incredibly high. However he was a little distracted currently, and wasn't really paying attention.

"Sooo... whose the mate?" Father dragon coughs as he looks around, he felt like it will be difficult for his son to really have a proper mate with these short-lived animals, but he was old and wise. He was not unaware that there were many instances of dragons falling for humans despite their many flaws and short lives. 

Besides he hasn't been around for arguably any of his little boy's life, he shouldn't really have a say at who his son is fond of and who is fond of his incredibly underage son who is not even two years old...

No. Never mind. He talked himself back into it. He deserves to know and beat which ever sick bastard seduced his baby!

Sick bastard who seduced a minor Da Gong: Cluck?

Chef Wen who had lost the strength in his legs when Father dragon descended from heaven slowly pulled up his knees and hugged them. The information he had in this world was mainly around his part in the plot which was quite small, not to mention unfinished, given the author god never fully penned in his role in the story. He did not know various matters like how Jin Bao the dragon shouldn't really exist in this world, just as he was also clueless about heaven and the realm of dragons.

However he understood that when a baby feels wronged they will cry and their parents or caretakers will be summoned thusly. Da Gong was clearly important to the dragon. He, Chef Wen, kidnapped Da Gong. The dragon became incredibly upset, maybe even inconsolable. This triggered the event of summoning dragons which shouldn't have happened at this point of the plot where Chef Wen was still alive and not executed after naturally being found out about the poisoning incident. 

Therefore, in conclusion, and to summarise, Chef Wen was so dead.

Like super very dead, dead. 

Chef Wen screams into his knees. Da Gong impatiently walks around him in a circle.

"Are you done yet?" Da Gong tsks impatiently, "I told you I'll make sure you'll live, why are you like this?" Da Gong didn't understand. Was it because his counterpart was just too stupid or maybe it was because he was a human. 

Chef Wen stops screaming to stare blankly at the giant black cock he was entrusting his life to. He then looks at the massive still visible dragon in the sky that will probably be ordered to kill him on sight, and the palace who probably had an order for his head. 

Chef Wen: ...

Aiyah at the very least he's sure no one else will die as excitingly as this anytime soon.

...

As Father dragon flies around the area, he couldn't help but frown. The concentration of spiritual energy in this world was worse then expected. 

It's true that they needed the presence of the dragons to maintain a high energy density in the environment but it shouldn't have declined to this extent either. While they require spiritual energy their bodies also produce and excrete jade full of spiritual energy that slowly diffuses outward and nourishes the surrounding environment like magic fertilizer. 

As crude as the simile is, it was similar to how the ocean is filled with the piss and shit of all the creatures living in there. Their excretion provides nutrition and matter that helps contribute to the ecosystem. Without it, it is hard to tell what lives or dies but it is easy to determine that a lot of biodiversity would be lost in the process. 

However even then, the process would still take a decent amount of time before the big effects of this sort of decline in response to an eventual loss of this factor, would show itself. Even after millions of years theoretically there should still be traces of dinosaur crap in one form or the other. 

The spiritual energy in their excrement was so concentrated it had solidified into jade. And while the number of dragons wasn't as high as some species the size it of their elders were terrifyingly large. Father dragon who was a good example of this. 

At the very least wherever he claimed to be his bathroom, any nearby villages would be blessed with prosperity, good harvests, fortune and health for at least five hundred years. If it was a regular area to do his business then obviously there were more benefits that were even more long lasting. It was one of the main reasons humans back then welcomed these giant beasts despite them being so powerfully fierce, temperamental and with gigantic appetites. 

Father dragon had lived a long time and when he was very young he had also lived on earth and had a grasp of what humans were like. Not to mention he had some inherited memories and had seen many things in his time. After some pondering he more or less understood why the decline in spiritual energy was so bad here. 

Humans were clever and greedy little things. Sometimes it was better to just accept and enjoy what you have. Most animals will be happy and go with the flow with little thoughts in mind other than gratitude or at the very least the mindset to enjoy it while it lasts. But humans were born much more complicated and annoying. Once they grew complacent they grew critical and unsatisfied with their current situation.

If you could give us prosperity why are there beggars? This town is supposed to be blessed why am I so unlucky? How come the harvest wasn't so good this season? Why didn't you make it rain today it was so hot, my crops wilted! My family died, I will not rest until I find revenge, if you have any pity please bless me! 

This sort of self righteous moral kidnapping where the humans believed the dragons, who were more powerful and magical than them, must be their protectors, must be obligated to speak out for the poor and weak, who should pity them, love them, care for them- all the while shamelessly exploiting their abilities and consuming literally any part of a dragon they could find... it was enough to arouse most dragons' disgust and disdain at such a hypocritical species. Father dragon who was a little dragon at the time also felt this deeply. 

Many humans were also very short sighted in their greed. After a chasing away the dragons the only things left was a few things like dropped scales, clipped claws, and some blood. These were rare and easily consumed or were in the hands of people not so easily crossed, so that meant there was really only dragon jade left. 

The dragon jade was so beneficial that when out in a lake for a few years the water could gain healing properties and may even be able to help one regain youth and beauty. If near farmlands the chances of a successful and bountiful harvest from the fields would be of the same success as chances of a hot day in summer, if one put the effort in the bountiful harvest would be practically guaranteed. 

Therefore, theft and desecration of the dragon jade was a natural, if disappointing outcome. 

Chipping the jade, stealing small pieces or directly taking it away and carving ornate items and jewelry... the process itself would release a decent amount of spiritual energy into the air and the amount of energy being released as a whole is much faster. It was the typical theories of diffusion and surface area to volume ratio. 

Think of it as leaving jelly outside on the soil. Eventually the liquid in the jelly will dissipate under the hot sun and some of the condensation will be soaked up by the dry earth below, hydrating it. The bigger the jelly is the longer it will last and the soil will be better hydrated. However cutting it in half will make it conversely smaller and more vulnerable. Even if you moved the other half of the jelly somewhere else to try 'spread the benefits,' the larger surface area means more moisture is sucked out into the air, the amount of water reaching the earth will become significantly less and the length of time the jelly will still be jelly is also shortened greatly. Overall the effect will be less then half, and the loss in comparison was too stupid to comprehend.

And yet humans do not consider these consequences that were very simple to the long lived dragons. Maybe it is just they haven't evolved their thinking to that point yet or maybe their selfishness outweighs all logic, or maybe they vaguely knew but simply didn't care, leaving the mess for later generations to deal with. As a dragon, Father dragon does not know.

However it is clear that the exploitation of dragon jade has been thoroughly done and the end result of this was clear to Father dragon who felt more than a little suffocated by the lack of energy here. It was a bit wasteful to maintain his current appearance which he used to give the most domineering first impression.

Seeing that he had already made such a dramatic entrance, and wanting to hold his newfound baby more intimately, he forces his body to shrink in size until he only became as wide as the wingspan of a Golden Eagle and long as a Gray Whale. Even though such a size was still massive for humans, it was indeed only a fraction of the previous size Father dragon originally was. 

Jia Hyson was a little shocked at how easily the golden dragon altered his appearance. It was more seamless than any CGI technique in Hollywood. Even the most casual move of the dragon before him felt so magical and full of novelty he really couldn't look away. 

Seeing how surprised the baby was, Father dragon puffed his chest out proudly. "Don't worry little one," He assures with a hearty laugh, his mood lighter than it's been for a while, "Us dragons are pretty good at shapeshifting, while we all aren't as good as the mist dragons, us gold dragons are lucky in all aspects and can be said to be fairly good ourselves kekeke."

Jia Hyson's eyes lit up. Human form! It seems there were some benefits of summoning the dragons too early. Of course those benefits were entirely for his own personal sake ah. Though he supposes the fan-service of himself in human form might just compensate the readers a little bit ehehe. 

Jia Hyson: 'I hope I become a smoking hot warrior, or an elegant mature handsome scholarly looking gentleman. Or maybe just a flirtatious and sexy young man hehehe.'

Bebe: 'Wouldn't you be a 1000 year old forever shota though? You know, given your wish.'

Jia Hyson: '...' FaceofDespair.jpeg

Sensing his newly found son's lowering mood, Father dragon coughs awkwardly. He doesn't really understand why the child was excited one moment and sad the next but he should try consider his baby's mood and change the subject. 

"Anyway, what else does your mate look like?" So far his son had been deliberately vague about it. He had described his mate as fierce, domineering, can defeat a small group of bandits alone, larger in size than most of his species, and piercingly silver eyes. 

Father dragon felt like this human woman must be quite a barbaric warrior from this description alone. Aiyah it seems humans have become more progressive in gender roles at least then. That was something.

Jia Hyson touches his snout, invigorated successfully by the change of topic. Doing his best to hide a cheeky smile. Of course he was being vague on purpose. The punchline of the joke for readers will be much better if Father dragon's reaction to Da Gong is unprepared after all. 

Thinking quickly he says, "My mate is very handsome and mature, he is very powerful and arrogant but treats me so gently it is hard to tell when you first see him."

However unfortunately Jia Hyson did not realise dragon sexuality is different and the next thing that Father dragon bluntly asks after some hesitation is, "Just confirming, your mate is male or female?"

Dragons don't care about sexuality much. Even though homosexuality wasn't the majority it wasn't so uncommon to be rejected. They also accepted cross-species romances as well. The main reason is that in a world with vast amounts of spiritual energy, where the fantastical becomes the mundane, the natural way to give birth is no longer the only way. Therefore the acceptance towards homosexuality was much easier to the dragons who all really wanted to make babies.

Unfortunately no matter what way dragons choose, the birthrate is still consistently low. So there really was no need to be focused on the specifics, dragons would only look down on another dragon if they didn't have a high enough libido to compensate for the low fertility.

As the dragon saying goes- if the chances fo getting pregnant is only 1% then they should try a hundred times, and then a hundred times more! 

...From the saying alone you really could tell how bad the pregnancy rate is ah. 

Jia Hyson: ...tsk.

Hiding his faint dismay, he lowers his eyes and reassures himself the big reveal will still be surprising no matter what. 

"My mate is a boy, father." He obediently answers like a good little baby dragon.

Father dragon: Hehe. Very good. :)

Dragons may not really mind your gender of mate. But that doesn't mean Father dragon couldn't still use it as an excuse to scare the hell out of whatever pervert took interest in a baby dragon ah.

Besides, his baby was clearly so small and cute. There was no way this mystery mate will bottom for his baby. Therefore, that would make his son the shou. Which means he's totally within his right to be super overprotective despite having technically no emotional parental claims currently... probably.

Feeling reassured that he can still exert his right at being Father dragon, he urges his son to talk more about this mate of his while he flies around in circles. He more or less already pinpointed the person with his lucky instincts but his keen intuition told him that there was no danger so he could afford to dawdle a bit longer. It was better to find any flaws to gain more of a moral high ground when he confronts this kidnapped mate. 

Jia Hyson felt a bit awkward but he quickly got into it, enthusiastically bragging about Da Gong with a deep sense of smug superiority. Because he's surrounded by people who already know Da Gong and had seen firsthand how good he was, Jia Hyson didn't get to enjoy a certain pleasure that comes specifically with getting into a relationship. Which was promoting the good points about your significant other to someone until they wished to cut their own ears off and bleed to death. 

Unfortunately this someone was his recently reunited father who was feeling especially protective over his long lost son. Every praise Jia Hyson said became fuel for fire in Father dragon's eyes.

Helped his baby dry off? More like wanted to watch his baby get out of the bath!

Knows all his baby's favourite foods? Peh, what a stalker!

Feeds his baby mouth to mouth? That's just plain inappropriate!

Is he jealous? Is he eating vinegar? 

Hahahahaha of course he is!!! 

Fuck! This father didn't get to spend any quality time with his little boy and now he finally reunites with him and finds his son has a daddy instead! 

Aghhhh!!!

Thinking about it, Father dragon angrily decides he must see this pervert right now! 

...

Da Gong finally coaxed Chef Wen out of his ball of despair where he was regretting many life choices when the giant golden dragon pulled off the roof of the building where they were in to stare murderously at them.

Da Gong: ...

Chef Wen: ...

"That old human is your mate?!" Father dragon exclaims after peering inside. That old man was not particularly good looking and his karma and fortune were also quite dirty. This was a bad guy! A real pervert!!!!

Just because Chef Wen and Da Gong were awakened system shards, they weren't given any real OP skills. Da Gong was a bit better off since he learned a little from his little worm but Jia Hyson never really chose to speak in the pure ancient language of dragons since there had been no point, and it was better to learn more common animal languages. Therefore neither of them understood anything except that the dragon sounded quite disgruntled. 

And a disgruntled dragon was probably never a good one ah.

Something moved on the large dragon's free claw, and that's when they spot the presence of Jin Bao. 

The little dragon popped his head out and waves his tail lazily, looking unfazed and unworried at his position. "No, no father, my mate is the other one."

Father dragon squinted, "The other one? I don't see any other..." His intuition tells him something was wrong and his eyes naturally rested on the rather plump black rooster next to the old human.

Father dragon: ...

Father dragon: ...

Father dragon: ???

...

Afterwards, Father dragon calmed down and brought Da Gong, Chef Wen, and his son to the palace where the emperor and the rest of the people present all preceded to have something akin to an aneurysm or mental breakdown. 

Because Da Gong had promised Chef Wen his safety for now, it was actually not difficult for him to follow through. All he had to do was eat soft rice and ask his little worm for help.

Jia Hyson, who had more or less guessed the relationship, merely nuzzled against the soft chest feathers of the bird and agreed without question. Since they came back from the palace, he had been extra sticky with the rooster, and Da Gong had puffed up in delight at how sweet his little worm was being.

Father dragon who had shrunk even further to accommodate the interior of the palace better, sulked moodily as he watched his son act so affectionate to this big fat cock. However the more he looked at Da Gong, the more he felt there was something strange about him. 

His intuition was the best there was, and it was telling him there was something more to this fowl bird. 

Anyway, once Jia Hyson agreed to Da Gong's request, how could the emperor deny it? Especially when Father dragon was there blindly supporting his son as well.

Chef Wen knelt down and confessed all his sins as well as the Seventh Prince's hand in all of it, shocking everyone. The seventh prince was sly and none of his brothers even had an idea of his deep thoughts. Many of them looked uncomfortable and pale at the revelation, even the arrogant crown prince was subdued and silent afterwards.

Everyone knew that after this confession, the peaceful status quo in the palace that has been maintained will change.

Suddenly the ninth prince spoke up.

"By the way, did anyone notice eighth brother has been here the whole time?"

Other princes: ???!!!

Eighth Prince Yan Huizhong: ...Heh.

...

The seventh prince who had been riding back and just reached the outer edge of the capital with various dragon themed goods trembled and laughed bitterly as one of his spies met him there and passed him an update of the big events that had happened today.

"Hah.." The seventh prince looks up at the gloomy sky still filled with ominous dark clouds and pitted with eerie holes from the lighting. "Over... it's all fucking over..."

The seventh prince wanted to cry but no tears fell from his cheeks. After all it wasn't particularly tragic, just very, very unfortunate. The seventh prince didn't regret his choices just his bad luck. 

It felt like his entire scheming had just been one huge unnecessary joke now.

Unsatisfied and unreconciled by this thought, the seventh prince's eyes glittered a little maniacally. Chef Wen will definitely sell him out. Even though Emperor father was a relatively kind father given the circumstances no emperor would allow a white eyed wolf son like himself to live after his actions. Being exiled is too light a punishment for him, especially when they inevitably find out his little religion was actually a very illegal private army.

It was death or lifetime imprisonment waiting for him now.

Turning his head to his loyal spy, he smiles serenely. There was no emotion in his face, just a detached calmness in the faint curve of his mouth. However even though his appearance with such a smile made him look more mature and handsome to the eye, the spy couldn't stop the cold sweat pouring from his back.

"Summon my army," The seventh prince commands, "We either die fighting or we die like dogs." 

If his whole scheme was just a joke... then he felt like he deserved to have a few last laughs at the end.



The palace was cleaned up, and after an eventful day everyone was tired. Chef Wen had been temporarily taken to the underground prison in order to prevent him from escaping before all the information was given, and an emergency notice about the arrival of dragons had been made to calm the citizens. 

The seventh prince who had promised the emperor he would return by today had not appeared.

The emperor stared gloomily out the window. 

To be honest even though he wishes to raise an emperor who was capable of a certain level of ruthlessness, as a father obviously who would be pleased with a white eyed wolf son who would try kill his father? Not to mention, even if he could ignore his own emotions, the seventh prince's plan, while admittedly quite flawless in its insanity and execution, there was no denying it failed. Like most things in this cruel life we lead, nobody cares about the journey it took but only looked at the results made. The seventh prince may have done good work but the result is his entire plan has been revealed and unraveled in front of everyone. There was no way he could be considered for the throne anymore no matter how skilled or ruthless his actions were.

Luck was a skill in itself. And clearly the seventh prince did not have it ah.

It was both a pity and a relief.

The emperor sighs heavily. "How is Concubine Liang?" He asks one of his personal eunuchs attending to him. 

Chef Wen confessed in public and many people heard his words clearly. He would be surprised if the harem hadn't already caught such a big melon to eat.

Concubine Liang... The emperor did not hate her but he didn't love her, like most women in the harem. Even then she was probably one of the better women present, her and her two friends would always sit around cracking melon seeds and drinking tea very casually. Even though their mouths were usually full of complaints it was clear the trio had found a rare contentment in the harem that most women there might never find in their lifetime. 

The emperor knew this and he knew the empress was fond of the plastic sisterhood the three shared, it was why their living arrangements were actually much better than a majority of the concubines save for maybe the concubines who birthed the first, third and ninth princes that were favoured by the emperor. It was really a pity...

After all, the heinous crime of treason and attempting to murder the emperor was to execute the criminal and all nine generations of their family.

The eunuch pauses, a flash of pity passes his face. "Your highness, Concubine Liang has requested white silk."

The emperor pauses, before closing his eyes with a heavy sigh. 

...

Concubine Liang who held her requested silk banner trembled. 

Suicide.

She never thought she would have this day. Definitely not now anyway. Concubine Liang bitterly chuckled to herself. If she had known her son was so talented and ambitious maybe she could've helped him, maybe the outcome will be different.

Or maybe it would've been exactly the same. However at least her heart would not have broken as much as it had now.

To be honest, Concubine Liang hated her son more than a little right now. Almost as much as she loved him. She couldn't understand him at all. Most princes essentially relied on their maternal family for support. However her son chose to deliberately drive them away. Was it to protect them? Was he really that naive? Or maybe he looked down on her, and her family?

Even though the seventh prince was a strange one, he was fairly filial, talented, and charismatic. Concubine Liang was very satisfied more or less with how he turned out and loved him dearly. While the fanaticism with dragons had been deeply concerning she still trusted and depended on him for many things just as she was eager to help with any requests he made to her.

So why... why did things turn out this way?

When she first heard the news her legs had immediately gone weak in disbelief. It was hard for anyone to understand what had gone through her mind at that point. She had become numb to the harem life, being satisfied with small things and enjoying simple matters. She had always thought her son had no large ambition for the dragon throne so after some urging on her part she forced herself to lose her own, stopped fighting for power and focused on security and safety. 

Don't look at her now, when she was young and beautiful she had been just as scheming and ruthless as the other coquettish bitches here. But for the safety and interests of her son she dropped that. It was true that maybe she was happier now than before but it doesn't change the fact she did it for the seventh prince, her beloved son.

And it was all a lie? Hah.. how funny.

It was so funny Concubine Liang couldn't even smile.

Because of her son, she and her family will be executed regardless of their innocence or guilt. Elderly and children, none of them will be spared. Their names will be forever nailed onto the pillar of shame as the family of the first rebel leader in the current dynasty. 

She felt helpless and weak and angry. Even though she understood why, how could she be satisfied with this utterly pathetic outcome? But what could she do? After all there was nothing weaker in the palace than an old, unfavored concubine such as herself.

Stepping up on the stool she threw up her silk banner and arranged the best position, her usually quite skilled fingers fumbling as her vision blurred with tears. However all the stalling in the world couldn't stop reality. 

Concubine Liang's knuckles whitened as they tightly gripped the silk banner, moving it to under her neck. She could only hope in the next world, that she would have the fortune to not have to meet her crazy white eyed wolf son in the next life.

"Desist your foolish actions!" A sharp voice causes Concubine Liang, who had barely mustered enough courage to end her life, to immediately falter and stumble off the stool she had been standing on.

"Ah!" She barely cried out before she was caught by two deceivingly delicate arms. Her head fell against two warm and soft pillows and she couldn't help but lean her check and nuzzle it against the comforting feeling. 

"...For a person about to hang herself Concubine Liang, you seem to be spirited enough to take advantage of this mistress."

Concubine Liang flinched and lifted up her head in surprise. There, staring down on her was the faint smirk of the empress.

The empress, unlike the others in the palace, was not extremely beautiful like a sculpture, delicate like a flower or sexy like a vixen. Her face was not ugly, a bit pretty but plain, and it had a chubbiness she never could throw away, leaving her with a childish baby face that made it hard for newcomers to take seriously. 

Well, it really couldn't be helped. In a small community of women vying for one man, there was undoubtedly many catty remarks about the beloved empress' appearance. Even though everyone had long figured out the emperor was mainly infatuated with her stubborn personality and creative wit and kindness, the concubines who were undoubtedly jealous could only attack her lacking face and figure. The only thing in terms of looks that could make the other concubines envy was probably the large melons on her chest. 

It was said that the empress always had a sizeable chest, but it grew at least a cup bigger after a period of isolation many years ago. There were rumours that the emperor who loved large chests personally asked a miracle doctor to help the empress improve her figure, that the empress had been pregnant but had lost the child, that as she had gotten older she began to put fakes into her clothing to try maintain her appearance, or it was a poisoning incident gone right- either way, now Concubine Liang could at least testify the empress' breasts were definitely very real. 

And very soft.

Empress who was being fondled again: ...

Feeling that her tofu had been eaten enough, she impolitely dropped Concubine Liang onto her butt and readjusted her robes. "You are very lucky Concubine Liang. Concubine Hua and Concubine Li found me and begged for my help. Fortunately I'm quite fond of your plastic sisterhood and came just in time."

Concubine immediately felt touched, both toward the empress who they weren't honestly that close to, and her friends. However quickly her happiness was replaced with despair. "What's the use?" She sighs heavily, "Even if you save me now, wouldn't I be living a life worse than death?"

The mother of a treasonous prince. It didn't take a genius to know even if she died she still wouldn't be able to fully scrub off the shame, much less if she lived. The emperor would definitely divorce her, people would point fingers and bully her, her family would still be executed, the money seized, she had no outstanding skills and even her body would not be able to make much money. 

Some modern people may not understand why so many people commit suicide so easily in ancient china. However they couldn't fully comprehend the pressures of feudal society. For most normal people at the time, especially women, there was no turnaround after a big mistake, no ruined reputation that could be salvaged. Just being a divorced woman was enough to be an outcast and to be justifiably bullied. An unwanted woman. A used woman. She must have a bad personality, did not treat her husband well, maybe she cheated on him... There was no fact checking here. Any small rumour could really kill a person.

The empress also knew this, but there was no pity in her eyes. Instead she smiles, "Then let us kill you and bring you back to life ah."

Concubine Liang blinks, uncomprehending.

The empress chuckles, "You see, I have sent one of my personal palace girls off to get married. It is really a lot of effort to be honest, I think this time I want to hire an older woman to serve me."

It finally clicks and Concubine Liang's eyes widen. She immediately gets on the floor and kowtows vigorously. "Thank you mistress but please reconsider!" Concubine Liang shouts.

The empress cocks her head and touches her earlobe, "Do you believe that my offer is too demeaning toward your noble status?"

Concubine Liang shakes her head. It was true to go from a noble to a servant was indeed humiliating, but what was shame when you could live relatively free and in comfort? The beloved empress' personal servant would not be treated poorly after all. However there was one thing that made her reluctant to accept.

"Empress, mistress..." She hesitates, tears threatening to spill from her eyes again, "Even if I do accept can I really in good conscience live well when my entire family will die?" Concubine Liang shakes her head with a bitter expression, "I may not be a good woman but I am still filial. I raised that white eyed wolf son of mine, no matter how I wish to deny it I'm sure a part of how he ended up like this now was definitely due to me. Therefore am I not indirectly the reason why my parents and relatives will die an unjustified death?"

Before the empress showed no pity, but now it glimmered in her eyes as she kneels down to touch the concubine's head. "I cannot do much in that regard," She admits, "The emperor will need to make a show of the traitors, and if he doesn't then he would be deemed a soft and muddled monarch which will breed various thoughts in more ambitious and insidious minds."

Concubine Liang knew that perfectly well. It is not just the common people who will suffer when there reputation is hit. Even the emperor is no exception. While the current emperor has gained many alliances and the conflicts around the border were not too bad before, ever since the emperor became ill there had been many people who became anxious and impatient. If he acts in compassion now, he may gain some love from the commoners but it was a whole other story toward the neighbouring kingdoms and barbarians at the border. 

The empress tugged at her earlobe in faint anxiety, as she whispers, "While I can't do a lot... I can guarantee to save a few. The children and young women mainly. They can be more easily overlooked and many soldiers are more sympathetic toward them..." She straightened her back and looked down on the concubine still on the ground, every bit the domineering empress she is.

"However I will save them under the condition that you will take care of their needs." The empress lifts her chin haughtily and smiles, "Fortunately I am very generous with my servants, and will even allow them to have tea with their friends on occasion."

This time Concubine Liang's eyes had lost the battle and was now pouring out tears of gratefulness. 

"Many thanks to the empress!"

...

"The seventh prince hasn't come back," Duan Mengyao reports, "It is highly likely he has caught wind of Chef Wen's capture and has gone back to his land."

Everyone around the table looks at each other. It had been a long day since father dragon had come down from heaven. The dark clouds full of holes still loomed across the capital's sky like the most intimidating fishing net ever, and now the emperor, the princes and the highest ranking officials and ministers were in a meeting with Tang Muxin, Duan Mengyao, Da Gong, and Jin Bao.

Pan Shuchun and Ye Cheng had gone back to continue arranging for the shop's opening. Ye Cheng was the one to insist on that. 

When Da Gong was taken away, he had felt the loss more deeply than Jia Hyson. After all this was his constant companion for years and he trusted Da Gong and relied on him immensely. Without that support and his own inability to do anything in the situation, he had experienced a small mental breakdown, relying on Cao Huizhong for comfort. 

However now that Da Gong was back and perfectly fine, Ye Cheng was also brimming with energy again!

Eighth Prince Yan Huizhong: ...Feeling a bit used ah.   

Actually not only had been Ye Cheng been full of energy he had also been full of shock at finding out Cao Huizhong had been eighth prince Yan Huizhong! Thanks to the ninth prince who pointed it out so blatantly, Yan Huizhog's identity had been revealed. Even though Ye Cheng wasn't particularly angry, he did wish to have some space to sort things out, not to mention he really couldn't help much in this sort of serious imperial infighting. It was better to focus on the store.

Pan Shuchun was of a similar mindset. She was only interested in fashion. This sort of warfare, imperial bullshit, she really couldn't care less about to be honest. So she happily skipped off as well after handing over some good tea recipes to help calm the mind and soothe the nerves.

The rest of the group stayed back to discuss the situation at hand.

"Knowing seventh brother he will definitely fight." The sly third prince speaks up. 

"The army he has..." The playboy fifth prince frowns, "I have visited his land a few times, his following is not small and seventh prince is indeed very talented in war and training. Even if the army isn't very big I am sure they will be incredibly skilled."

"Heh, does it even matter? We dragons on our side, are they mentally ill?" The arrogant crown prince sneers as he leans back on his seat.

"Who says you have us by your side?" Father dragon sneers back, causing the crown prince to almost fall off his chair. 

The princes, the officials and even the emperor did a double take at that, looking at Father dragon with shock at such implication. Father dragon's eyes saw their surprise and disbelief and his disdain deepened. 

He was genuinely confused at how arrogant the little humans were. He was here to find his son. Just because his son was in the hands of people supporting the palace, that didn't mean he was obligated to fight a fucking war for them. That's like a foreigner finding a lost child and returning him to his family, then getting surprised later when nobody in that family changed their passports and followed him back home. That's not how gratitude works okay?

Father dragon was very grateful that his baby was safe don't get him wrong. He was perfectly happy to give his blessings to the people responsible. Which, from what he understands, were not even people technically working for the palace anyway, but it didn't matter who they were, they couldn't force him to be some attack dog as compensation. Father dragon was willing to help impart information, blessings and gifts, because that is what one should do. He was not willing to murder and get in the middle of an argument completely unrelated to him. 

"I will oversee the fight, but I truly have no interest in your inheritance conflicts." Father dragon's whiskers twitch impatiently, "My son is interested in joining and I have no problem with this, after all it is his choice. If he comes into danger then I will choose to help him. If not, my benevolence towards your group will be given only when I feel like it ah."

It was a very fickle and overbearing statement. A being with so much power they could overturn the outcome of the war with whichever side they chose, and yet claims to only step in if they felt like it... it was undeniable some people felt wronged by this attitude. 

"Don't you think that's a bit cruel?" One of the officials boldly asks after some hesitation, "If lord dragon chooses, the lord dragon could easily minimise the number of casualties for both sides. With all due respect, life is precious, isn't it selfish to let people die because you won't help?" 

After the first person said something soon others also joined.

"Lord dragon please reconsider, doing nothing in such a situation might as well be the same as personally condemning good men to death!"

"Lord dragon my son is also on the battlefield! As a fellow father don't we both want our children to live long and healthy lives?" 

"Lord dragon-"

"Please lord dragon-"

"Begging lord dragon-"

After all some of them have sons in the army, some felt this sort of fight would waste a lot of resources and funds and some were genuinely full of justice. However it didn't matter what their intentions were, Father dragon did not react at all. 

Jia Hyson also was silent. To be honest he personally sided more with Father dragon and disliked the attitude of the officials' trying to convince the dragon to change his mind. 

It could be seen that the officials still knew their place and knew not to offend as their language was very polite and pitiful. If it wasn't a dragon standing before them it could be easily imagined that the group would turn to swearing and threats. However even if they were polite, their words were full of passive aggressiveness. 

This sort of thing was similar to modern day attitudes. A good example of this is where many felt that the rich who have so much money have to give it back to society. 

It's true that it would be incredibly generous if the rich did this charity, if they threw out half their profits to people in need, how blessed would the world be then? However it's considered charity because it's voluntary. 'Should', is not the same word as 'have to'. It is the difference between kindness and obligation which we often mix up and use to best suit our needs. 

As a dragon who could help prevent many lives being lost, Father dragon should join in. But at the same time he didn't have to. He wasn't duty bound to fight for people he didn't know and he simply didn't want to. Is that wrong? Not really. However undeniably it's not technically right either. 

For people, the worries of a group will almost always outweigh the worries of an individual. It is why moral kidnapping and peer pressure is so easy to succumb to. 

Status, power, riches, talent, popularity... these were great things but they came with a lot of expectations and minefields. People are able to say many things but the truth is we're all hypocrites. You could curse a rich man for not constantly helping the poor, but to be honest which middle class person donates every single time they pass by one of those little tip jar-gold coin-charity-tin box things anyway? 

Both were perfectly capable of taking out a small percentage of their money to help someone in need but only one would be more likely to be abused and pinned to the pillar of shame if they choose to not do it. Is it because people think that rich people have to be kindhearted? Of course not, all people should be good... Rich and influential people just have to be better. 

The emperor sighs as he looks at his officials. It would be a lie to say he didn't want the dragon to help them, and ease many of their problems. However as an emperor himself he was more empathetic and respected the dragon's decision. 

"Silence!" He commands, embarrassed at his ministers. "If you really think doing nothing is personally killing good men then maybe you all should've considered doing more toward improving our imperial army ah? Who was it that wanted to cut off our military budgets? Or better yet, if you want to be even more straightforward, you all should also conscript and help these fellow good men like your asking lord dragon to do?" 

Seeing the group of chattering men effectively silenced, with their necks shrunk back like timid quails, the emperor rolls his eyes. "And honestly, if you really wanted your son to have a guaranteed long and healthy life, then maybe you shouldn't have encouraged the child to head to the army to try earn some achievements and merits for the family?" 

"I- this one didn't mean- Fighting for the emperor is an honour!" 

"Then it should also be an honour to die for zhen." The emperor announces tyrannically. It was very handsome. "This is a fight between ourselves. Don't you think it's shameful as the emperor and his trusted people to have to rely on outsiders in an internal conflict?"

The men lowered their heads in shame. Yes. They were all capable people and while they couldn't win a battle with no losses their military might was still pretty good. Like the emperor said, it was too shameful to beg and desperately push at the lord dragon like their entire community would perish without his input. 

It wasn't like they've never experienced these sort of troubles before, after all the previous emperor often provoked and pitted many of his sons and there had been constant fighting in the imperial family. It was only when the current emperor finally sat firmly on the throne that the peace settled back in the country. 

People who are weak always think it's only fair that people who are strong should work harder. Because they have the capabilities they should do more. If lord dragon helped them this time, would they be very grateful? Most of the officials were screened very well by the emperor who was very strict about the people in his court so the majority of men here were not present due to connections but their own hard work. Regardless of status, everyone was fairly intelligent and hardworking and talented. Before their minds were clouded by the easier path but after the scolding they were fairly good at self reflecting as well.

Thinking about it, they would be indeed grateful but they also had a feeling it was to be expected, and hope, maybe assume that this help will continue forever. This thinking was dangerous and would make them lazy and dull like the spoilt rich second generations. 

The officials, knowing they were wrong all immediately knelt down and kow-towed in forgiveness toward the dragon emperor for their presumptuous behaviour. In their hearts they were grateful for their sensible emperor who was not easily moved by short term rewards.

As expected their current emperor was still the best!

The officials sigh, at the very least they must try keep the current emperor on the throne as long as possible. While some officials were interested in muddying the waters for their own gains, the next generation of princes were really too eccentric, and many ambitious people were still patient enough to reluctantly wait until the princes matured a bit more. 

The already pretty mature princes: ...

Father dragon was pleasantly surprised at the emperor's attitude and his look toward the man changed to a much better one. In his opinion it was usually these human emperors that were the most demanding and arrogant, unwilling to know their place because of their blessed bloodline that had been gifted by the dragons themselves. However it seems this one is quite sensible. 

Looking at his little son who was quite attached to this world, Father dragon silently decided that if this battle did not go well he would at least help save the human emperor. 

To be honest, he wasn't even a little worried. His son was very weak but as long as he breathes, his luck buff was enough to overturn many things. Not to mention he, himself was present, the chances of the luck overturning was very small unless bad karma was generated from himself or his little son. 

After all, while golden dragons were very blessed with their attributes that promote fortune, wealth and luck, it wasn't like they could use such gifts unabashedly or it would really be going against the heavens ah. As long as they more or less maintain good karma their luck will always be good. Even if they gain a decent amount of bad karma from killing people as long as they spread their blessings or just wait for a few hundred years this bad karma is more easily wiped away then in other creatures. It would take a great amount of heinous acts for a golden dragon to have their luck overturned. 

However... his son was not only young but so cute. There was no way he could have generated any bad karma ah. 

Jia Hyson, literal murderer, manipulator and heart breaker: (,,w,,) ?


Unknowing of his dragon father's thoughts, Jia Hyson happily sucked the bone marrow of a six-legged cloud boar that his father had given him. As a powerful leader of the dragons, father dragon had one of the best spatial storages of heaven. As a father who missed his child, 80% of the things inside the storage were all items, he had wanted to give his son that he had collected since Jin Bao went missing.

Jia Hyson personally preferred mothers over fathers, given his original life experience. Even when he was a spoiled Samotrelian prince, he instinctively preferred being around the queen than King Kro. 

Though in fairness, maybe because there was really too many children and responsibilities, he didn't actually spend so much time with those two as much as one would think. Not to mention he was an adult man inside and was too busy enjoying the high life to cater to his need for parental love. Still, despite his bias, he couldn't help but truly be moved by father dragon's sad love for his son. 

People handle grief differently. However it can't be denied that the more open and obvious display was the one that triggered the most sympathy, even if the person more subdued in their loss felt it more. Jia Hyson's original father used this concept a lot in order to manipulate people to believe he was a loving father and husband. He was a very disgustingly fake man, so Jia Hyson could more or less tell that in comparison, father dragon was more genuine just by looking at the contents in the storage space alone.

Constantly thinking about his son, slowly collecting food that his son may like, toys young dragon enjoy playing with, shiny things, interesting looking things... all these small useless trinkets that overtime amassed into a hoard of useless treasure. There were only a few essential items for survival, such as high-grade healing potions and concentrated bottles of spiritual energy for emergencies that were really pitifully few in comparison. To be honest, those potions might not exclusively be for the older dragon's sake and could be technically considered as a reserve in case they found Jin Bao injured or dying. 

Aiyah, in the original timeline, how sad must father dragon have been in that moment? 

Da Gong, who sat next to him, was quiet with a wing covering over him like a blanket. 

As someone who wasn't even considered a minor character in the story, he had not been given any information about the plot. However, because of this lack of information, he knew that there was something not right. 

From what Chef Wen said, the human with big brea- Tang Muxin, was the true protagonist of the plot. Therefore if Da Gong was supposed to travel with her like he did in this life, he would've been given a lot of relevant information about the plot. However, because he had nothing, he knew he was not a character and therefore shouldn't be hanging out with the protagonist... unless there was an anomaly.

Silver eyes stare at his little worm. 

The information he gains after awakening his shard is really not a lot. But Da Gong was a smart chicken and understood that if he could be what he is, an outsider to the world, then there must be other outsiders. However, he didn't know what these outsiders' goals were, but the plot would not have changed so drastically if their aims were similar to himself. That meant his little worm had a mission that needed the story to change for a certain purpose.

Da Gong: ...

Da Gong: ...

Da Gong: Well, I guess my little worm is both smart and cute ah. (,,,,)  

To be honest, it didn't matter, really. After all he was just a rooster living his rooster life. While he was curious, it was only that.

Outsider or not, good or bad intentions. This little worm had captured his heart and had never done anything to wrong him. There was no need to harbour baseless suspicions that would ruin their current relationship. All he had to worry about was spending all the time he could with his cute little worm while his relatively short life lasted.

Thinking about his new self-awareness of a rooster's lifespan, Da Gong fluffed up his feathers in faint distress, and pushed the still distracted worm closer to his body with his wing to comfort himself. While his little worm had indeed grown very big, to the point even he admittedly could not move him if the other refused to, his little worm was still obedient and cute. Feeling Da Gong's intentions, the dragon stopped his gnawing to allow himself to be moved, happily scooting closer, so the cool golden scales of his body pressed against fluffy black feathers. 

Jia Hyson sighs in his heart as he nestles against Da Gong's fluffy body. It's really over. Now he thinks even rabbits, dogs and cats cannot compare to the natural fluff of soft feathery birds. When he moves on from this world, his little squishy stress ball rabbit Fishball will not be enough anymore.

Fishball, in the safe space: QwQ ??

Thinking about moving on from this world, a strong sense of reluctance wells up in him. 

This sort of feeling was not a stranger to Jia Hyson. After all, who would be truly without regrets when leaving the world? But it was rare to have such a strong and visceral effect on himself. 

Probably the most similar feeling to this could be compared to when he was dying as Prince Farrell. He had been really unwilling to leave such a good world. After all, it had something that made his heartbeat and made him feel incredibly happy and satisfied all the time.

Unlimited money and power.

Sefu, waiting for his name to be called out: ...oof.

Between a man and financial security, of course, financial security took precedence in Jia Hyson's hedonistic heart. When he was Prince Farrell, he was sexy, with great status and just so obscenely rich that he could plate an entire city with platinum if he had wanted to. Not to mention his Samotrelian body, which defied human limits, was so fit and healthy that he almost never got backaches from poor posture; he didn't get more than 5% body fat despite eating so much shit. 

Sefu was great. Definitely one of the best lovers Jia Hyson had, fitting many of his tastes both physically and emotionally. It would be a lie to say he wasn't sad to separate from him either. The fact he didn't divorce the man till death finally parted them was a good indicator of how satisfied he was with him. However, what Sefu probably lacked as a man was... self-respect?

Sefu with no self-respect: ...

It is hard to value a man or woman who doesn't respect themselves and only wants to please their partner. While Sefu did put up some resistance, he was ultimately very docile and full of submissive and subservient acceptance. It was rare to fight, and their relationship was very harmonious, but at the same time, total harmony in a relationship was the same as monotony. Fortunately, it was a very comfortable and pleasant monotony, but it was monotony nonetheless. 

Either way, between a life of luxury and a husband, Jia Hyson could only say he would hesitate a bit before decisively and righteously picking the high life. 

Jia Hyson contemplates silently before glancing at Da Gong. Noticing the little dragon's gaze astutely, Da Gong leans his neck down and nuzzles the dragon with the side of his feathery head in an intimate gesture. He almost instinctively accepts and returns the action, enjoying the closeness and simple yet delightfully sweet affection. 

Maybe it was because Da Gong was an animal; it was easier for the heart to become softer. At the very least, if someone offered him the rich life or having Da Gong by his side, he would at least try to bargain with the other before deciding.

As for what he would pick? ...still the life of the spoilt ah.

Da Gong, who still lost to money: ...

Sefu, who wouldn't even be bargained for: ...

...

As expected, the seventh prince came with his small army after two weeks. 

Why did it take so long? 

Well, it wasn't like anyone had been ready for a fight ah. Provisions had to be made, the men had to be gathered, strategic planning, weeding out spies, assassins and traitors. Not to mention they had to fight their way to the capital now that the emperor was aware of the seventh prince's rebellious thoughts.

It was a fairly large undertaking. To be honest, two weeks was a pretty good time. 

While it wasn't as large as the emperor's 100,000 imperial army, there were at least 15,000 men amassed under the seventh prince's rule, which was no laughing matter. Especially if one considers how well trained and disciplined, they must be. 

After all, the problem of large armies were they were prone to a lot of inner conflicts due to politics and rivalries, so the unity may not be as good as the seventh prince's cult army. The talented young general Duan Mengyao who had been schemed upon, was a good example of this. 

Fortunately, there was the protagonist, her potential male lead, and the villainous boss (that gets defeated before the true final boss is finally revealed) to help control the forces and also weed out a few corrupt officials from both the crown and third prince's factions. This produced many good face slapping scenes for everyone as well as provided some vindication for Duan Mengyao and Yan Huizhong, which helped tie up the biggest conflict in their storylines. 

Even Ye Cheng and Pan Shuchun, who had more or less insisted on staying away from the battle preparations, had been roped in during the past few days. Jia Hyson had been quite pleased with the developments so far. Maybe because he did a lot at the beginning, he found that after most of the foundation had been established, it was very easy for him to take a step back and let things just flow as they were, only personally stepping in a few times to make his presence known or to correct a few things in the scene he wasn't really liking. 

Pan Shuchun had helped quite a bit with Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao's plotline, showing off that one didn't necessarily have to be a fierce and stoic warrior woman like Tang Muxin to kick some ass and be a valued voice in the discussions. With her agricultural system and her own personal knowledge, she ended up helping advise the blacksmiths, introducing better concepts of camouflage, armoury, and nutritional food to eat on the go. 

Surprisingly though, she was much more vocal in aiding Yan Huizhong, who predominantly was against his fellow brothers like the crown prince and the various other officials, having a more political plot that suited him well. With her modern ideas and golden finger system, and his intelligence and scheming, they proposed new ideas, pointed out the loopholes of arguments, and essentially won a lot of praise and respect among the officials.

Ye Cheng, in contrast, was mainly helping Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao. His own ability and charm with animals, as well as his care and experience handling them, was shown off after he was called in by Tang Muxin to solve a problem with the warhorses, which were a critical part of the army. Not only that, his character was friendly, and his body was fairly strong. 

Compared to the cold faces of Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao who used their skills and brute strength to quell the initial dissatisfaction, Ye Cheng who was kindhearted, had an honest face and knew how to flatter without being cloying, was very much welcomed by the majority of the soldiers. Seeing this, Tang Muxin apologetically asked Ye Cheng to mingle and essentially act as their eyes, ears and mouth, as his social abilities and EQ really outweighed everyone else's in the group. After some hesitation Ye Cheng had accepted, after all, the shop opening could be delayed, but friendship cannot wait.

Of course, this was also a good way to bring complications to the secondary relationship in the story, with Yan Huizhong feeling jealous and inferior after seeing Ye Cheng surrounded by so many handsome, muscular and physically able men that at a glance were far more gong then himself. It was also not unwarranted as there were many cut sleeves in the army and there were not just a few who were indeed a little interested in Ye Cheng who had a sweet mouth and a sunny temperament. 

Jia Hyson felt that for a sweet and brainless, laid back story there shouldn't be too many misunderstandings, especially for the side couple so he kept a close eye on this development especially. After all some jealousy is fun, it's great really, but too much jealousy can be grating. Fortunately spending all that time together during their travels wasn't for nothing. Ye Cheng was good with emotions and knew how to comfort his lover, and Yan Huizhong, while understandably insecure had strong trust in Ye Cheng's words and heart.

Once this problem had been solved, Ye Cheng then also brought his animals to help out on Yan Huizhong's side of the plot. Da Gong especially stood out with Jia Hyson usually not far behind. While Ye Cheng was not as helpful on the political side, he brought comedy into the seriousness with his animals and also more opportunities to allow the cannon fodder to come up and get their face slapped. Not to mention the animals under Da Gong's rule and supplemented by Tang Muxin's cooking were more intelligent and full of talent. 

Finding corruption evidence, acting as spies, protecting their master by dropping themselves into the enemies' robes... it was very good gag material ah. 

Overall the characters in this arc of the story interacted well; the tone was still more or less consistently lighthearted, there was nobody in the group who was obviously pushed out of the story in this period since everyone contributed to the cause. 

Jia Hyson silently claps for everyone. Good, very good. Daddy is so proud.

Tang Muxin, Duan Mengyao, Yan Huizhong, Ye Cheng, and Pan Shuchun: ...Why do we feel condescended all of a sudden?

Still, with all the preparation, it would be useless if the seventh prince wasn't worth it. The seventh prince as the secret hidden final boss, of course was worth it though. He had not only caused the palace to go into turmoil with his plans being revealed, he had also many of his people planted around that also caused chaos to further weaken the palace's abilities. While most of the hidden spies that had been dealt with by Tang Muxin, it was inevitable there would be a few clever ones that had not revealed their fox tail and slipped through their grasps.

This caused the palace to be in a state of tension and distrust that even Ye Cheng's brightest smile still couldn't completely shake off. 

Despite being wary though, they were still caught by surprise when the seventh prince's army attacked. That was because the seventh prince did not come in the dead of the night nor before the rising dawn. Instead he boldly and crazily began in the middle of the day when the sun was hottest and brightest. 

Still there was a reason for the madness. The seventh prince was not stupid. Before he started his assault he used something that was most effective during a hot day.

Fire.

Burning the surrounding forest, shooting flaming arrows, the surrounding temperature which was already uncomfortable became a little more than unbearable. Pan Shuchun had designed more breathable armour but there was only so much the tailors could work and so much the clothing could do, that at least half the imperial army who still had their heavy defensive armour felt like they were this close to experiencing what a roast duck must feel like. 

Not to mention, the seventh prince's people were really trained well, and proficient in qigong and to a small extent utilising spiritual energy, making the burning arrows reach up higher and fall more powerfully. A few arrows had actually surpassed the wall of the capital and breached the inside, making many people feel fearful at these dragon worshipping monsters raised by the seventh prince. 

What was worse was that in ancient times hygiene was not good and no matter how prosperous the capital was it doesn't change the fact a lot of buildings and stalls are made up of wood. Small fires would occasionally start when a burning arrow managed to enter which served to produce further panic. 

It was really too bad the seventh prince was going against the protagonist and her party, no matter how good he was he could only serve as their foil.

Jia Hyson of course, as Tang Muxin's spiritual animal and closest companion, was also by her side in this climatic battle. It would be embarrassing otherwise really. And of course Da Gong refused to let his little worm head to danger alone ah. As Tang Muxin calls for order and starts to say a very motivational speech to bring up the morale of the people while Duan Mengyao looks at her with love in his eyes, Jia Hyson and Da Gong stood next to her and silently did their best to look handsome and composed.

Da Gong's silver eyes looked out at the crowd of soldiers and his heart trembled a little. No matter how domineering Da Gong was he was still just a rural rooster who had not seen the mountains beyond mountains. Now that they were close to true war it was inevitable he felt concerned and nervous. But it was not wholly for himself.

His eyes move from the soldiers to his worm. "Baby," He clucks, "You-" Da Gong hesitates, before clucking softly, "No matter what happens remember that your life is the most important to me. I don't want you to go into danger, but I don't want to cage you like a human... But if you do something reckless baby, laozi might not be able to control myself okay?" 

Jia Hyson: This... is this the rooster version of the little black box ah?

Da Gong realised his kindhearted doting husband image was a bit ruined now and kicked the dirt under his feet shyly. "Tsk, never mind." 

This sort of dark possessiveness was very unflattering and Da Gong consequently felt very ashamed at his words. Da Gong had always been more inclined toward showing off his cute little worm to everyone rather than locking him up and hiding him away. It was only recently where he comprehended his inability to guarantee Jin Bao's safety that he began to feel this possessiveness of his grow, urging him to catch and protect his mate and his children, trapping them in a safe and well hidden nest, away from predators and rivals. 

Jia Hyson looks at Da Gong with some surprise. The rooster was usually very self-confident, and doting. It was rare for him to act like this. It was very... Jia Hyson absentmindedly touches his chest which felt a little ticklish and warm. 

The sensation seemed to spread from his chest, through his serpentine body, until it reached even the tips of his claws and tail. It was a bit like there were bubbles touching all over his scales, it was a little itchy and uncomfortable to be honest, like second hand embarrassment but in a sort of good way. 

Instinctively, Jia Hyson leans toward Da Gong, wanting to soothe the feeling by rubbing all over the other's body. Slowly like an affectionate snake toward the plumpest prey, Jia Hyson who couldn't be satisfied by merely nuzzling himself against Da Gong, had slowly begun to encircle and entwine around the bird's body.

Da Gong was a big bird, Jia Hyson was a golden dragon. The soldiers who had been listening to Tang Muxin's speech inevitably noticed the movement. Watching as the dragon seemed ready to strangle the large bird with it's body like an anaconda, it was hard to pay attention to anything else really. There was a strange sweetness to it, but at the same time... they all kind of wanted to watch the dragon swallow some big black cock.

Fortunately Tang Muxin was too impassioned by her own speech to notice or the soldiers would have instead witnessed the blasphemy of the dragon saintess beating up her dragon companion before getting attacked by a giant rooster in while a war was starting. 

Da Gong however could not pay attention to anything else. 

His worm! He was being so clingy and affectionate! Tangling their bodies together in front of everyone! Da Gong who had felt embarrassed by his previous words was now ashamed beyond comparison. He wanted to hide his face but because of his little worm's aggresive and wanton actions he had no way to move and was enveloped by golden scales. 

Even though he was a brave and domineering rooster, right now he just felt like a coquettish quail, heart thumping and very nervous but delighted. This sort of feeling of being watched while he and his little worm were so intimate... he really liked it ah. 

Finally understanding the pleasure in the shame, Da Gong hesitated before moving his head, using his beak to lightly scratch at his beautiful little worm's paler scales that were found on the underside of Jin Bao's figure. Like his own feathers, they were softer and more delicate there. And more sensitive.

Jia Hyson: !!!

"Mreep-!" Jia Hyson shuddered and leaned closer, the uncomfortable bubbly feeling had become a more obvious burning itchy feeling that desired to be scratched and rubbed. His whole body warmed, though it was hard to tell if it was because of himself or Da Gong, whose temperature had seemed to grow exponentially hotter ever since he had entangled with him. 

Unintentionally, Jia Hyson trembled under the unexpected action and squeezed the rooster lightly with his whole body, causing a strange sound to come from Da Gong, that was not purely of pain. Craving even more touch, Jia Hyson begins to move his tail around while his also claws gently went back and forth, brushing up and down the soft feathers as he carefully ate the rooster's tofu with great affection and relish. Finally though his exploratory tail ended up naturally finding a certain area, brushing against something slightly wet in spot underneath his beautiful large tail feathers...

Da Gong: !!!

Da Gong felt very humiliated and oddly full of anticipation as his excited cloaca was touched by the soft tail hairs of his little worm. It was like the finest paintbrush swiping against him, making his body stiff from the strange electric feeling that shot through him.

Jia Hyson was also affected upon the discovery. His golden eyes flashed brightly before darkening in faint hunger and growing desire. Since his growth period had been accelerating thanks to Father dragon's gifts full of spiritual energy, Jia Hyson had not only been feeling more energetic but also... friskier.

He was at the point where he really was about to shed his human morals and become a beast who was willing to mate with another animal ah. Besides... while roosters have no penile attachment like many mammals and reptiles, they do have a cloaca hole... Therefore it's not impossible to-

Bebe: ...

Bebe: ...

Bebe: ...If this arc doesn't end, Bebe will.

Unfortunately, or fortunately, depending on who you were, there was really no time for fraternising with your rooster friends as the seventh prince's army breached the capital's barriers. 

Father dragon who had been laying on the roof of the palace to nap, woke up blearily at the ensuing chaos before suddenly sitting up. His golden eyes burning bright and fierce as his nostrils flared. "Those bastards!" He swore as he stared angrily down at the ensuing warfare, "How do they still have those disgusting weapons?!"

Chef Wen who was still in prison for obvious reasons, touched his nose awkwardly. Ah, his memory was really not good these days. It seems he's forgotten to confess something important... 

Dragon slaying weapons.

A long time ago there were very powerful weapons forged. Weapons created with the scales, teeth, blood, bone and flesh of a dragon. 

Generally, when a dragon likes a human enough they would give them a bit of their discarded scales or some whisker hairs, which, while not as good, could still create formidable weaponry. However, humans over time became less grateful and even disliked these castoffs, especially when they compared themselves to the few humans who had gained a dragon's love and were given much better and fresher parts of the dragon body as a courtship gift. 

So they decided to do something about it.

Forcibly taking and using parts of a dragon was taboo but at the same time, it was undeniable that the items, were extremely powerful. So powerful that humans disregarded the ire of the dragons, and clans disregarded their feuds, to all band together and kill many young and elderly dragons. The only reason why they rarely targeted the healthy adults despite them having better bodies that could provide better materials, was because they were cowards who feared the strong and looked down on the weak.

This sudden rise of violence was really the last straw between the tense relationship of the two species. Father dragon who had been just a child at the time, had also experienced being attacked when he was young. However his luck attribute was incredibly high, even among the other golden dragons, so even the weapons embedded with golden dragon blood and scales were not enough to bring him down. 

Still, just because he came out of the experience alive, that doesn't mean he wasn't faintly traumatised by it.

Thinking about it now, father dragon suddenly felt the rooster as a mate wasn't bad... Well... sort of... 

...No it was still too hard to fully accept right now.

Anyway, before the dragons left to heaven, they obviously would not let the people who used their kin as weapon materials off easily. Golden dragons can bless but they were also proficient in cursing as well, it was just much less well known since they were more closely entwined with the laws of karma, which, as we all know, is kind of a bitch. Therefore they almost never curse others.

However, the humans really went too far. Father dragon's own father had been utterly infuriated, especially when his own child was involved. He had deeply cursed all those people who were involved to live short lives, experience painful betrayals and leave no intact corpses. Whoever was greedy enough to covet the weapons would also experience the lingering residue of this curse, plagued with misfortune, shorter lives, and so on.

The curse was also quite a vicious one that shouldn't have faded yet. While it won't have the same potency, the owners who had died due to the curse, the unwilling souls full of regret and bitterness, should have also served to fuel the weapons and maintain it to a fair degree. However like how the oils humans naturally exude can dirty and damage a plant after touching it too much, the negative emotions of the humans would slowly contaminate and corrode the dragon's own will left in the weapon. 

Without the will, there was no way, and as more lives of owners consumed by the curse would be lost, more human corruption will infect the dragon materials and the weaker the dragon weapons become. Therefore the weapon will still be just as dangerous to the user but without the great rewards of power and strength and other benefits, deeming it less than useless.

Once they finally throw the weapons away, the dragons who had been carved up into pieces for their selfish wants could finally rest in peace knowing that they were no longer in human hands.

But it turns out! It turns out they had all thought too beautifully!

To be honest, humans looked down on dragons for being beasts, but it wasn't like dragons didn't look down on humans either. Humans were many things, both good and bad. Unfortunately, due to various very legitimate reasons, dragons mainly took in the bad and dismissed the good traits of humanity- their resilience, creativity, adaptation... even if they were indeed shortsighted and selfish, they were indeed observant and clever creatures, something that dragons had overlooked, maybe even noticed but did not even take seriously because of their collective superiority toward the humans.

Everyone was flawed and everyone felt they were superiority to the other. Maybe both species' arrogance was the core cause of their current states. Maybe it was the humans' insatiable greed and lack of contentment, or the dragons' demands to be worshipped and treated as all powerful gods that fuelled too many expectations. But it didn't matter now did it.

In terms of the weapons, humans were clearly in the wrong. Unfortunately, like a lot of the history of dragons, much knowledge about them and their shared past had been buried and destroyed long ago. A plank of wood was easier to keep throughout generations than the intangible and inedible stories of the past. Much less intangible and inedible stories that essentially called out the shit they did and that humans suck.

Only a few families like the Wen family probably still retained these stories, and even then they probably didn't take them very seriously after so long until recently. 

However Chef Wen, as a branch member of the Wen family, had been different. 

The Wen family back in the day were heartbroken and full of sadness at the dragons' departure, however they also could not stand by and let their fellow humankind be exposed to such a vicious curse. Therefore they waited until the main culprits had all died under the curse to respect the dragons' wishes. Once they had confirmed the deaths, the Wen family then began doing their best afterwards to hunt down the weapons and seal them in an unknown location. 

With their luck blessed by the dragons they were very successful, and for a period of time were truly feared as great assassins and thieves throughout the lands. 

However it did not come without a cost. After all their blessings were very strong but the heavy curse filled with the dragon's wish of bloody revenge was of course far stronger. Many of the Wen family perished in the quests to secure and seal the accursed weaponry. 

Because of their own personal grievances due to this loss, plus their own blessing that counteracted the curse's lure to some extent, the Wen family did not think of using the weapons no matter how mighty they were and hidden them in various places. Overtime they more or less forgot about it and treated it like an old family fable like most things related to their fantastical dragon worshipping past.

Unfortunately Chef Wen did not hold the same general skepticism that seemed to pervade his generation in the family. Chef Wen was a very bold, reckless and curious character in his youth, but also very talented and intuitive. He held great interests in these stories and felt there was always some truth in them. Even though he was only a mere branch member, the elders of the Wen family at the time had been very fond of him who was still respectful of their old traditions, stories and culture and accepted him into the main branch and let him access various things.

Finally Chef Wen figured out how to truly utilise spiritual energy for himself. The effect was much better than the usual qigong techniques which filled Chef Wen with many ambitions and dreams. 

But of course like most peoples hopes and dreams, they were destined to die. 

Chef Wen had to utilise external spiritual energy with his internal energy that was cultivated through qigong. But as what had already established, the spiritual energy on this place was scarcer then finding a politician with good morals and a heart for justice and the people. The heart is there, but it's pretty diluted and stretched thin ah. Therefore he could only use his ability for something minor such as cooking. 

Unsatisfied but helpless, Chef Wen left the Wen family to make a name for himself as a chef and made his way to the capital, mingling with the crouching tigers and hidden dragons, tempering himself and his craft, before finally entering the palace. It was there where he had met the seventh prince who had been similar to himself as a child. Albeit a bit more outrageous. 

A little moved by this, Chef Wen impulsively decided to help the seventh prince with his strange and convoluted long term game. Even though Chef Wen in the original story was probably made out to be just a small cannon fodder, the truth of the matter was that he could be considered half a mentor to the seventh prince. The Wen family's knowledge on dragons and various historical matters could not be looked down upon and probably were even better then the books in the palace given there were many unwise monarchs and tyrants that liked to fuck around with the history books. 

One could say that without Chef Wen, it was hard to tell if the seventh prince could have been so believable or knowledgable about dragons. Though it was also hard to believe the pair were so close given how quickly Chef Wen sold the prince out. 

Then again, given the seventh prince's lack seemingly lack of connection with his maternal family, and Chef Wen's ingratitude toward the main branch of the Wen family who took good care of him, maybe they were just both similar in this aspect as well. 

But that didn't matter really, what mattered was that with so many weapons that could have the capability to slay dragons, the battled would definitely take a turn for the worse for the emperor's side. Father dragon was very agitated in his heart seeing the sight. On one hand he wanted to destroy the seventh prince's faction for handling the weapons made from the flesh, bones, blood and tears of his kin, but at the same time the weapons reminded him of the past and the previous hatred many dragons had toward the greedy emperors and leaders that were the source of this tragedy in the first place.

After some hesitation, Father dragon merely used his karmic insight and passed on a small blessing for the good men regardless of their side of the fight. He wasn't so blind to think all humans were bad, but in his opinion they were rare. He might as well try promote the goodness of humanity by keeping the honest ones a little bit of safety. 

The current emperor was also a pretty good person as well, Father dragon also personally didn't dislike him. Thinking like this, he gestured to his cute son to be wary of the weapons of the more powerful soldiers, confident with their lucky attributes that the boy would coincidentally see his action, before confidently slinking back inside the palace. 

He planed to renew and strengthen the emperor's blessing which will take a bit more time and effort. This action tacitly showed Father dragon favour, and if anybody knew what he was doing then they would understand which where the wind will blow in the subsequent few hours. 

But other than Jia Hyson who was a dragon, of course no one had the understanding and insight on Father dragon's actions as long as Father dragon chose not to explain. 

Jia Hyson meanwhile was enjoying himself. While he wasn't allowed to kill someone in cold blood, as father dragon had informed him the consequences of incurring bad karma, he was allowed to kill in self defence. Of course, not many soldiers were willing to target the dragon, especially the men who were actually dragon fanatics in the seventh prince's army. From what Jia Hyson understood, they believed the emperor had a secret medicine that caused the dragons to be enslaved and controlled by the scent of this medicine, and the seventh prince had promised to free the dragons once he becomes emperor.

...It had to be said, the lies the guy could so confidently spout were really amazing.

Well, it didn't matter, Jia Hyson took great pleasure in seeking death and counter killing in turn. Even though many men weren't willing to harm him, that was part of the challenge really. Though it did slow his progress somewhat. 

However even if his killing process was slow and had requirements, it was still a big blow to the seventh prince's army, given that there was a dragon willing to fight and oppose them. It couldn't be helped that many would feel a great loss of morale at the sight. Therefore the dragon must perish.

No matter what, Jia Hyson had been fairly idle in this world, and to be honest he wasn't really physically active in any of the worlds he's lived through. Even as Prince Farrell where he lived his most athletic life, he still slacked off to go play around. Therefore, once Jia Hyson began to be targeted by soldiers above the level of a simple foot soldier, Jia Hyson realised that the fight was not as easy as he had initially assumed.

"Tsk, even the horses are better trained," Jia Hyson complains as he tries to leap in front of the war horse again. Unfortunately the second wave of calvary was of a higher level, the horses were more obedient and didn't lose their minds and rear their hooves in fright. However it was inevitable for their to be a little hesitation and fear, as unlike the imperial horses that have become more or less desensitized, they had never come across a dragon before. 

Taking advantage of the gap, Jia Hyson used his body to agilely spring up and shove the soldier to the ground. The soldier however had seen through Jia Hyson tricks after he had used them multiple times on the foot soldiers and the first calvary group, and had already prepared for the fall, rolling onto the ground before quickly getting back up again with a spear pointed at the dragon. 

Jia Hyson was about to let himself get attacked again in order to justify his kill before his intuition kicked in and he jumped back at the last minute, the spear plunging deeply into the hard ground where he was beforehand. His expression changed. This weapon the soldier had was strange! 

Fortunately his lucky aura wasn't for nothing and before the soldier could try get a second attack in, his warhorse without a rider during the chaotic battlefield accidentally kicked him in the head.

Enemy Soldier: ...

Jia Hyson: :3

Seeing the man was down he unhesitatingly stepped on the fallen soldier's body and grabbed the weapon with his mouth. The moment he was close enough to bite onto the spear, his nostrils flared and almost instinctively took a step back.

Fuck, this weapon had dragon parts in it!

Glancing toward the direction father dragon was meant to be, he realises father dragon wasn't there, further confirming his thoughts. If the seventh prince's army had such weaponry then father dragon would definitely not sit still. However... it was strange father dragon didn't tell him this given his love for his son. 

Could it be that father dragon was assured at his abilities? That couldn't be it, or Jia Hyson wouldn't have had such a keen sense of danger emanating from the weapon. Then again one really couldn't underestimate the good fortune attribute of his ah. 

Or maybe this was a trial of some sort. Wanting to observe in the shadows how he would react in such a situation.

...Alternatively Jia Hyson felt like the most probable answer was he just missed it. 

To be honest, despite being a lucky golden dragon, Jia Hyson felt like most of his luck was only good for blessing the protagonist. After all, while it served for comedic moments, things like getting caught taking a shit, Da Gong finding out about the three mice children at such an inopportune time, and so on, were objectively not lucky situations. While it wasn't anything major, it was enough that if Jia Hyson didn't see firsthand how Tang Muxin literally tripped over literal buried gold once, Jia Hyson would really doubt he was the dragon species he was.

In short, Jia Hyson wanted to file another complaint ages ago. Unfortunately the systems upstairs refused to accept this complaint and compensate him given that this was literally karma at hand.

Bebe: 'Who told you to be so perverted that heaven couldn't stop some of your original bad karma from seeping through? Peh.'

Jia Hyson: 'Well, fucking excuse me for murdering innocent people's lives for my own sick amusement and curiosity, as well as mentally and emotionally manipulating people for similar reasons.'

Bebe: 'No... The whole point... of karma... is to not excuse you...' This fucking guy.

As he was getting ready to rile up his system some more, Jia Hyson's ears prick up and he immediately rolls to the side, a broad sword barely missing him by a few breadths of hairs. Reacting fast, Jia Hyson uses his most powerful skill to subdue his new foe.

[Cutie Beam!]

The enemy who was hit by the level 8 [Cutie Beam] immediately blushed and stared at Jia Hyson in daze. Ah! Ah! Ah! So cute! How could this dragon be so cute!

It was simply a sin to destroy such cuteness from the world!

Kneeling down, the soldier began to crawl on his knees toward Jia Hyson with pure adoration in his eyes. "Please..." The soldier gasps, reaching out to him with trembling hands, "Please let me pet- ah!"

Da Gong flicks his wing in disgust, as if he could shake off the germs of the human he had just slapped in the face with had passed onto him. "Tsk, idiot human. Only I can pet my wife."

Jia Hyson's tail wags happily as Da Gong kicks some dirt at the confused soldier before striding toward his little worm. Even though he was dirty, and dusty and there was blood staining his talons, Jia Hyson couldn't help but find the bird exceedingly heroic and handsome in his eyes. His favorite type of man was the warrior military type after all, now that Da Gong had even fulfilled this aspect, he was really irresistible ah ah ah!

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe...'

Bebe: 'No.'

Jia Hyson: 'But Bebe...'

Bebe: 'NO.'

Jia Hyson: 'I think my hemipenis wants to come out.' (  )

Bebe:  

Fortunately his dragon genitals did not come out. Because that would be really unhygienic given their current environment. 

Instead, Jia Hyson used his current frustration to fight the seventh prince's men. With Da Gong by his side, their tacit understanding was very high, and it had become significantly easier for them both to battle these human warriors. Of course the downside was they were really too eye-catching. It was inevitable that, in order to reclaim the morale of the army, the seventh prince would choose to destroy the most symbolic eyesore of the battlefield. 

On a mighty grey steed, the seventh prince cuts his way through until he finally reaches Jia Hyson and Da Gong who had just ripped out a fallen soldier's neck in a fairly smooth and painless manner. After all there was so many people to fight, it was just easier to go as quick and simple as possible. Still, no matter what, their stamina really couldn't compare to others and was starting to run low. 

Even Da Gong could not continuously maintain his high attack output. As a rooster it was already really good he could beat up bandits. But soldiers were better equiped with armour, discipline and techniques. The seventh prince's men especially were all good quality fighters who knew martial arts. Therefore it was understandable how ruffled and frayed he was becoming as time went on.

Jia Hyson was really not much better. He had the physical advantages, with strong scales, strength,, sharp claws and fast reaction speed. However his defences had already become more or less redundant with the introduction of dragon slaying weaponry that many of the higher level soldiers and generals had their hands on, and his muscles and battle prowess were very lacking on account of his previous laziness.

In short, upon seeing who was about to descend upon them, the pair both gave each other a troubled look. 

The seventh prince, contrary to his handsome puppy dog look before, was now a fierce and ferocious wild wolf. Blood stained his clothing and face, and his eyes were chillingly gloomy. It was worse then Yan Huizhong's expression in the beginning. For at least the Yan Huizhong was full of emotions whether it was rage, bitterness, hatred or sorrow, but the seventh prince's eyes were almost dull and empty, detached. 

When he looked at Jia Hyson, Jia Hyson felt such a gaze was unnervingly familiar.

Ah, it reminded him a bit of himself. 

"If only you never came here," The seventh prince sighs, "My plan was really good you know, and it was all going so well." He shrugs half-heartedly, "Well, I don't really blame you, I just think it's a pity ah, a bad gamble." 

"Still, even though I don't blame you," The seventh prince finally smiles, vicious and almost innocently childlike, "You can't blame me for wanting you dead right?"

He jumps off his horse and unsheathes his weapon- a golden sword that seemed to be carved and inlaid with scales all over. "After all, if I go down, at least I'll go down as the first man to slay a dragon in the dynasty. That's a fairly good consolation prize I must say."

Jia Hyson could feel the power emanating from the weapon and he knew that things really were not in his favour. 

Da Gong also sensed it too. How could he not? The weapon practically screamed raw and unadulterated power, and felt like the ultimate predator was pressuring all in its' path. There was a part of him that wanted to run, the intelligent and primal parts of him that was urging him to run far and fast. But... his little worm was in danger.

He supposes he was allowed to be a little bit stupid for love ah.

Even though his feathers were no longer glossy and beautifully clean as he loved it to be, now matted with blood and dust and dirt, his body worn down and tired, his silver eyes were still as bright as ever. Like a fire that refuses to back down, and was willing to not bend or fizzle out for anything. 

Domineeringly he stood in front of his little worm and clucked provokingly. 

...

Meanwhile father dragon's ears prick up uneasily. He was currently painstakingly carving runes and an incredibly complex array on the throne while slowly dripping blood into each indent. This blessing was highly advanced and usually required at least three very experienced and trained dragons to do this, with a minimum of one golden dragon. 

But because humans were shunned and disliked, most dragons have lost the art and only a few leaders like father dragon was capable of it. Still, he needed a lot of time, energy and focus, not to mention the ritual would be more successful during a time of great turmoil where the fate of the country is unstable and full of uncertainties. That way he could grasp the fate and karma of the country and its future, a feat that is impossible without requiring such a great and complex ritual array. 

Sacrificing a few precious seconds, father dragon thinks about his son, worried and a bit fearful. After all his child is so small, and there were dragon slaying weapons. Of course he will have some of his intuition and karmic insight focused on Jin Bao. After all, his son took precedence over everything else.

Once his perceptions and instinct assured him his son would ultimately be safe after undergoing this trial, father dragon relaxed a little and continued focusing on his own task at hand.

No matter what, the boy was his son. It would be hard for him to die so easily. Besides his human companions from what he saw during his stay, were not only kind hearted but also very strong. 

Not to mention that rooster...

Father dragon who had figured out the oddity of Da Gong, smiles and shook his head bemusedly. Aiyah, what was he really worrying about? He supposed that was just his paternal instincts ah.




It had been three months since the battle with the seventh prince ended in failure on the prince's part.

However, even if the emperor's faction won. It was not without great loss.

Ignoring the powerful soldiers under the seventh prince, the seventh prince himself was insanely powerful. Maybe in the cultivation world, he would just be one of the lowest of cultivators but here, that sort of ability was unprecedentedly terrifying.

The seventh prince was not only essentially a disciple of Chef Wen who held the unique skill of cultivating the surrounding spiritual energy, but he was also a prince who could afford to find spiritually rich materials and land to cultivate in. Not to mention he was young, healthy, and intelligent. His body could better absorb the influx of energy due to practicing during his youth and his mind also benefited. 

Unfortunately one could argue that there was no way Chef Wen's technique could've been perfected given his limited abilities so it was also possible that while the seventh prince benefited greatly from it, his body couldn't handle all this unfamiliar power and the result was his personality warped slightly. 

To be honest if he wasn't the villain in this story he could've made a great protagonist that could revive the cultivation era. After all he was smart, outrageous, his thinking was a bit strange but the seventh prince was also charismatic, hardworking and handsome. With those points, what was not to like really? 

However things are what they are, and what can only be. 

As the people who were on the frontlines, Duan Mengyao, Tang Muxin, Da Gong and Jia Hyson all had been battered or injured on some level.

Tang Muxin as the protagonist of course was not unscathed but while she looked very scary most of her injuries were more or less superficial with only some deep cuts, one very serious stab, a sprained ankle and her hair was now at shoulder length. 

Jia Hyson with his lucky dragon physique and his own shitty karma also came out more or less fine but he had more than his fair share of bruises, shallow and deep cuts, two of his claws were broken and his scales were a bit battered or had been lost as they defended him from the weaponry. 

Duan Mengyao was much worse, having protected Tang Muxin at the last moment and fallen into a coma, but after a week or so he had woken up and other then a scar on his face and a rather large wound still healing on his chest he was relatively okay and would fully recover after a few months. 

Da Gong had...

During their fight with the seventh prince, it was understandable that Jia Hyson and Da Gong would fail. After all they weren't the protagonists and he was the final boss. If Tang Muxin doesn't get to show her abilities then, there would no longer be a good place to show them at all. 

Therefore in this fight, they could only serve as a stepping stone. 

Jia Hyson knew this, and while he was a bit unwilling he also knew that his job was not to rise up against the heavens and live a perfect life where everything goes his way and he can faceslap all the enemies that had wronged the original body. His job was simply to make craft a good plot. 

Even though he wanted to defeat the seventh prince with some of his most OP skills would that create sufficient drama and satisfaction to a reader who was following Tang Muxin's story? Even if Da Gong stole the limelight a few times it was comedic and small victories, this endgame fight was very different and needs to be emphasized as such. 

Not to mention, Jia Hyson had not revealed any great fighting skills in the past and did not dare to reveal most of his skills to Tang Muxin, therefore at this point the story which should be from her point of view more or less would be clueless as well. It would seem a little bullshit if he pulled out a [Hyperbeam] out at the critical moment. 

Sure he could always pen in to add this skill sometime before the battle but then there would have to be a small scene containing the use of that skill or something. And of course such a powerful skill would cause many people to change their opinions and views on dragons thanks to fear of such overwhelming power, which would produce consequent subtle changes that would fail to be inserted thanks to one thoughtless add in to the plot. 

That's why stories improved by the beta system were always pretty decent quality, as more or less a chain of logic formed by consequences and based off aspects of the plot's reality would produce a fairly smooth story progression. 

Unfortunately reality was cruel and the rules of a good story could be crueler.

Not just Jia Hyson, but Bebe, the world's consciousness and the heavenly path of the world also knew it. 

They had to lose, in order for the real protagonists to win. 

However that also didn't mean that Jia Hyson was going to just roll on his back and surrender either. If Da Gong was fighting, then of course Jia Hyson would fight wholeheartedly by his side. The villain boss was too dangerous, the man didn't care about leaving his own mother and maternal nine generations to die, how could he care for the life of a rooster? 

But now looking back on it, Jia Hyson regrets it. Maybe if he had held back, had not gotten so into the heat of the battle and attacked so fiercely, their combined power would not have been so good and the consequence of their loss wouldn't have been so harsh. For a moment he had forgotten his job and just wanted to win. Win with Da Gong. 

Self confident in his luck and in the genre he had pushed the story into, Jia Hyson felt like he had made the worst mistake since coming to this world.

"Hahahah! Good! You beasts are better than I expected hah!" The seventh prince had laughed like a madman as he continued to swing his sword violently yet alarming swiftly at the animals. Da Gong had jumped back in a flurry of feathers while Jia Hyson in contrast struck the prince's leg the moment the prince's attention was distracted by the large movement of the rooster. 

At this point Jia Hyson still had some confidence. After all he was a dragon. While for plot he can't win he can at least do some damage. 

Unfortunately he thought too beautifully. 

Attacking the leg, the best and most brutal way was to bite the flesh. His front teeth especially were sharp and easy for cutting and slicing things, as long as he pierces through the skin, it will be incredibly damaging even if he simply clenched his jaw. Jia Hyson had already tried with a few unfortunate enemies. Their armor was like tissue paper at best, bak kwa,pork jerky, at worst. Simply put, it was no issue to him. 

However the moment he bit down on the seventh prince's leg, his expression contorted hideously. Dragon scale inner armor! For the first time Jia Hyson had experienced the feeling of enthusiastically biting into a rock! For the first time he had felt his teeth literally crack! Fuck!

The hidden armor is already hard to make since it's meant to be underneath normal clothes and would server to be more flexible then normal armor. Don't think how big the dragons hunted down are, the means to bring them down are extremely violent meaning it was easy for the goods to be damaged. Not to mention the groups of people who worked together all had their own agendas and it was impossible not to fight over the spoils. Therefore this sort of high defense but easy to move in armor was probably the only one. 

In pain he instinctively loosened his jaw, not wanting to damage himself further, but by then how could the seventh prince not notice him? The man nearly sneered, and started shaking Jia Hyson off his leg. Jia Hyson gripped on tightly and cursed as even his claws was unable to pierce through the hidden armour. At best he probably inflicted some very ugly bruising and pain but compared to the backlash it was so not worth it.

Tsk, if Jia Hyson didn't hate the seventh prince's guts right now for attacking himself and Da Gong he would want to write a story based on the prince's character with his foresight and radical planning abilities.

Well, even if he wasn't really willing to write about such a good character, he's still willing to fuck him if he got the chance though. Just bend him over and absolutely wreck him ah. Just get him so addicted to his dragon cocks that the proud and probably psychotic prince would prostate himself naked on the cold ground for more kekeke.  

Bebe: ... 

Of course this sort of absentminded thinking, Jia Hyson really couldn't afford as he finally felt himself reach the end of his energy trying to climb up and attack the other fiercely. It was difficult to ignore the relentless blows raining on him by the prince as he fruitlessly slashes, bites and uses a various attack skills. Unfortunately his offensive skills were very low levelled, and golden fortune dragons as a whole could be considered closer to a supportive class in a gameplay. The best example is the special skill [Karmic Insight] as one of his most familiar skills in this world being less then useless in this man-to-dragon confrontation as well. 

The seventh prince had extremely good fortitude, both mentally and physcially. Even his best and highest level move [Cutie Beam] could only cause him to go into a daze for a few seconds before the damned man shook it off with pure willpower and forcibly cleansing his meridians with spiritual energy.

Of course his efforts weren't completely in vain, from the way the seventh prince's violent actions toward him were increasing it was clear that he was weakening the integrity of the hidden armour. While he couldn't do much damage himself, Jia Hyson knew that it was better to help pave the way for Tang Muxin's final battle. 

Still, that didn't mean he wasn't frustrated and ready to vomit out blood. Fuck! This blind man who refused to bow to his cuteness-! Should Jia Hyson say, as expected of the big final boss?!

Not only did he dress himself in dragon scale armor which made it difficult for Jia Hyson's little teeth to withstand much less bite through, he had such a powerful weapon and was also resistant to the power of meng. Jia Hyson really wanted to quit ah. This guy was too perverted. But of course the perverted seventh prince wouldn't allow his prey to slip through his hands just because the other didn't want to play anymore. 

"We need to retreat!" Jia Hyson finally couldn't take the beating and screeched, Da Gong clicked with understanding, his feathers now matted with his own blood. He too instinctively knew the fight was deeply unfavourable. Even with the seventh prince's attention partially on Jin Bao who acted like literal dead weight, he could still fend off Da Gong's attacks and carved more than a few cuts and gashes on the bird. It was a testament to Da Gong's own abilities that he hadn't lost anything yet. 

Unfortunately Jia Hyson was currently riding the tiger's back. He either had to keep clawing at the prince and taking his repeated blows, or get pulled off and risk being skewered by that stupid OP dragon slaying sword of his.

After some hesitation, Jia Hyson decided it was better to risk being skewered sooner than later. Using his claws he vigorously pushed off the prince's body like he was a springboard, twisting his body and whacking the other's head with his tail before tumbling to the ground.

With a growl, the seventh prince, ignoring the heavy impact on his face, unhesitatingly kicked the fallen dragon. His strength was not light, completely ruthless.

Jia Hyson cried out as he rolled painfully, having to dig his claws into the dirt to slow down his momentum. Da Gong saw this and was furious. His little worm had never been wronged so badly under his care! 

Knowing now from Jin Bao's reaction that there must be a very strong defensive hidden armor, therefore what he should aim for is the uncovered and must vulnerable area of the body- the face. Unfortunately, only a fool would not guard their head. Still, Da Gong was deeply unreconciled.

Silver eyes burned brightly as he ran up to the seventh prince. The seventh prince didn't dare underestimated the large rooster and took a strong offensive stance. After all his fighting style always favoured the idea of offence being the best defence. 

Kicking the ground with the intention to blind the rooster with the flying sand and grit, the prince smoothly raises his sword in a powerful sweeping motion at Da Gong. However despite how fluid and quick the movement was, Da Gong's reaction to the swing was still faster than expected.

Maybe this move would've worked for a human, but Da Gong was a rooster and their ability to remove dirt from their eyes was much more effective than a person. Roosters don't technically blink, instead they have a third eyelid which acts like a windshield wiper on a car window. 

Therefore he had been more or less unfazed by the dirty trick, instead he ran straight through the dirt thrown at him with a burst of speed. Because he was not as tall as what the prince was used to, the seventh prince's posture had to be adjusted and lowered, producingd a few gaps in his perfect form. Da Gong's intelligence after being awakened was not necessarily improved to the point of becoming a genius but his analytical ability had been. 

With only a few seconds he processed the optical information from his eyes, and supplied corresponding previous battle experience to find the best place to exploit. A prey animals' reaction speed is faster than a predator's and even the honed senses of the seventh prince could still not reach this reaction speed.

Just barely dodging the swing of the sword, Da Gong boldly flaps his wings and leaps onto the prince's arm which had been raised after swinging the sword upward, like a falcon summoned from hell. Da Gong was large and of course would be heavier than a normal rooster, the sudden unexpected weight caused the seventh prince to curse as he almost fell off balance. 

As he steadied himself, Da Gong smacked the seventh prince's face with his wing as hard as he could, bruising the handsome face. What was even more damning was his wings had been purposely dragged onto the ground, covered with dust and grime that immediately irritated the seventh prince's eyes. 

Jia Hyson, who swallowed down the pain ran over and tackled the prince further off balance and causing him to fall down. The pair of animals glanced at each other with warm tacit understanding before Da Gong jumped to scratch the man's face while Jia Hyson targeted the hand holding the damned sword.

Of course the seventh prince who had been dealt such an embarrassing blow would not stand for it. Instead of rubbing the dirt from his eyes he forcibly ignored the instinct, and immediately punched the weight on his chest as hard as he could.

"Cluck!" 

"Da Gong!" Jia Hyson yelled out, not expecting the prince to react so quickly when their raised claws hadn't even touched his skin yet. Suddenly his own intuition rang out and Jia Hyson immediately lifted his arms to protect his face as he was suddenly grabbed painfully by the mane and violently shoved into the hard earth.

"Fucking beasts!" The seventh prince hissed as he spat blindly at the ground before smiling madly, his handsome face completely ruined. "This was fun but I think it's time to end this."

Not letting his grip waver, the seventh prince let go of his sword and used the free hand to secure the dazed dragon onto the ground before pulling up Jia Hyson's mane and shoving it down again, and again, and again. Jia Hyson screeched and struggled as his head was continuously slammed against the ground, however the seventh prince was unhindered, and adjusted his posture so his knee cruelly weighed down upon Jia Hyson's back. It wasn't enough to destroy his flexible snake-like spine but it was enough to effectively pin him helplessly in pace. 

Da Gong clucked weakly as he struggled to get up after the devastating punch. While he was strengthened by spiritual energy and was considered formidable even in human standards but in the end his bones were still hollow. That punch had cleanly hit the side of his body and undoubtedly fractured various bones.

Unlike a snakes skeletal structure, a bird's structure was very different. To structurally strengthen the bones in compensation of its hollow structure and better prepare for flight, some of a bird's vertebrate are fused to provide a supporting foundation. However it also made the skeletal structure more rigid. To summarize, in the face of receiving such a high impact force to the body, the damage would become more widespread. 

Da Gong coughed, a bloody mucus splattered on the ground making him stare a little blankly at it. He could hear his own breath making a faint wheezing noise. It's seems his respiratory system was severely damaged as well. For the first time Da Gong was dealt such injury, it was like his body was in pieces and everything was a mix of hot, cold, numb and excruciatingly sensitive. It was extremely painful. 

However, hearing his beloved's screams just a few feet away was even more painful. Da Gong could not bear it. In contrast to his weakening body his silver eyes seemed to become brighter as if there was a fire burning inside, growing hotter and stronger as if defying death, threatening to burst free.

Shaking from exertion and his wounds, Da Gong got to his feet and silently moved closer to the prince. Limping and dragging his body, Da Gong could not even care about his pride and image, burning eyes only seeing the seventh prince hurting his little worm. 

Once he reached as close as he dared, Da Gong looked at his little worm silently. The human was too brutal, even now that his little worm had fainted from multiple blows to the head, the damned prince kept going. 

Da Gong clenched his beak. Even though roosters didn't have tear ducts in favour of their third eyelid, Da Gong inexplicably felt his eyes grow wet for the first time.

Little worm...

Soundlessly Da Gong determinedly raised his shaky wings up in an aggressive pose. His body was dirty, and bloody. His feathers broken and damaged and some places had lost his plumage almost completely. However this dying figure, if anybody had seen, was full of majesty and could make one's heart clench with an unknown emotion. 

What gave the rooster an even more mystical feeling was the stream of liquid flowing from his eyes. It was a bright, silvery red. Like lava.

As it dripped onto Da Gong's wounds, the bird's blood, as if it was gasoline to a match, caught on fire. A beautiful, violent fire.

Da Gong cried out and ran toward the seventh prince.

...

The fight with the seventh prince ended with both parties injured. Unfortunately as expected, it was Jia Hyson and Da Gong on the losing end. 

Maybe it was Jia Hyson's lucky constitution finally kicking in but father dragon had finally arrived on the scene and saved them last minute. Jia Hyson had been knocked out and did not know what had happened in the last part of the battle with Da Gong but father dragon more or less filled him on the details once he had woke up.

Da Gong had phoenix blood in him.

However... he was not a phoenix. 

It was simply that many, many years ago, one of the rooster's ancestors was indeed a great and powerful phoenix. Unfortunately when dragons moved to heaven, not everyone could follow them. Due to the increasingly weakening spiritual energy, there were many mythical beasts with high intelligence that felt a great sense of urgency to prolong the bloodline. Unfortunately these sort of amazing mythical beasts were also rare and, while not as bad as dragons, had a relatively low fertility as well. 

Therefore the explanation was to breed with lesser beasts that could survive with less spiritual energy. However not all the beasts nor the resulting offspring could handle the immense spiritual energies and power of a mythical beast bloodline, much less from a phoenix. There were many spiritual beasts that had been burned alive during the process of either intercourse, pregnancy, or labour. 

As for the female phoenixes- forget it, the sperm they took in was immediately baked and fried. There was really no hope there.

The very few offspring that did survive disappointingly showed more signs of their mother's traits than their father phoenix. And so while those children did show a few traits of the phoenix, as the generations continued it became less and less prevalent. 

In fact, it was only through sheer luck at the genetic lottery did Da Gong be blessed with such strong genes inherited through his phoenix heritage. Expressing greater intelligence and power than any normal rooster, as well as a higher body temperature and longer lifespan, it was already the strongest show of the phoenix genes for centuries ah. 

But just like how mermaids can't be called fish, Da Gong couldn't be called a phoenix. In fact more or less he was just a mutated rooster.

Jia Hyson, listening to this: ...huh.

Father dragon who smiled for a brief moment at how cute his dumbstruck son was, then recalled the rooster's current state and could no longer hold the edges of his mouth up. "There's more Jin Bao... your mate..."

If Da Gong hadn't fought it wasn't known how long he could live, but considering his previous health and his supplementation of spiritual energy father dragon could conservatively estimate possibly another eight or nine years, maybe more. That was roughly about fifteen years of life. Most wild roosters could only live up to two to five years. 

However thanks to a great stimulation during the battle, Da Gong had fully awakened the phoenix blood he had inside him. His strength and agility had increased exponentially, and his body had been burning erratically. The seventh prince had clearly struggled fighting Da Gong who had gone completely berserk at the time, and the blood that the rooster had shed immediately burned the skin. 

When father dragon came, the seventh prince's state was really a little embarrassing to look at.

But Da Gong's was much worse.

Da Gong's body couldn't handle the pure phoenix heritage that had awakened under stress. Even if he had been at the peak of health his body would've broken down from the intense spiritual energy and phoenix fire bursting inside him, much less when he had been severely injured...

"When I came, your feathery friend was lying on top of you." Father dragon says softly. To be honest he too was very moved by the rooster. Even if he didn't see the entire proceedings he had good predictive intuition and could guess using his own past knowledge and extrapolation ability. "He was in a poor state and looked like a coal on its' last embers. The seventh prince was just about about to stab both you and him. Fortunately I came just in time to scare him off."

Jia Hyson's heart clenched. "But Da Gong? What about him? Is he okay?"

...

Da Gong was not okay.

The phoenix blood inside Da Gong allowed him to barely survive but it didn't allow him to heal the worst of his injuries. 

One wing completely mangled, various fractures in his skeletal structure, multiple cuts and scarring, and completely blinded in one eye... not to mention his feathers which had mainly been burnt off, singed, pulled or cut. The proud and powerful Da Gong had become a disabled bird who could barely balance himself. 

When Jia Hyson pulled his weak body to see Da Gong the first time he had cried desperately, emotionally he really couldn't stand the sight. If Jia Hyson couldn't take it, Ye Cheng who had raised Da Gong since he was a chick and had little experience in true bloodshed, practically collapsed mentally and physically right there and then. Both Ye Cheng and Jia Hyson had refused to leave the rooster's side.

Tang Muxin, Pan Shuchun and father dragon were all helpless. They did the best they could but because Da Gong's health and spirit had been consumed by the phoenix flame inside him, he could not afford to absorb any large amounts of spiritual energy which could feed the flame and further wreck his body. Without the ability or option to absorb miracle ingredients there was very little that could be done. 

It had been so bad that they had all feared the rooster might not wake up at all.

However Da Gong was strong, and eventually pulled through. But once he woke up he really wasn't the same. 

It was understandable. One couldn't go through such a life changing tragedy like this, something that had physically reshaped them into something they couldn't and didn't want to recognize, and continue to be normal. 

Jia Hyson did his best. He really felt affectionate toward the rooster and even when he was ugly, Jia Hyson did not want to leave or seriously consider other alternative options. Maybe it was because of his own guilt to Da Gong's state, or maybe it was the theory of feelings strengthening under a suspension bridge effect, but whatever it was, his feelings were definitely even better toward Da Gong. 

Da Gong also knew it. Even if he was more reticent and easily irritated, he did not doubt his little worm's thoughts for him. 

During these hard times, there were still many sweet moments.

For example Da Gong would open his beak and Jia Hyson would immediately understand and push a soft grape or some grain into his mouth sweetly, before lightly boop-ing his snout on the tip of his favorite rooster's beak. 

Or Jia Hyson would patiently lay down in front of him and let the bird slowly wipe him down with a damp cloth like they did in the past. Both would silently not acknowledge how much slower and weaker the wiping was, only enjoying the intimacy.

And on rainy days, too cool down Da Gong's internal heat, they would sit next to each other in the rain. Even though Jia Hyson couldn't lie on top of the bird, and was too big for Da Gong to nest on him like before, he could still gently curl around him as they basked in the cool drops of water hitting their bodies. 

It was a bit difficult. But... Jia Hyson thought it wasn't so bad.

Unfortunately this time could only last three months. 

Deep down he knew that Da Gong wasn't happy, that he couldn't handle any of this. The bird had always been prideful and domineering. Even though he says he doesn't regret it, that doesn't mean Da Gong doesn't mourn the outcome of the fight.

However... he didn't expect that Da Gong wouldn't recover from this either. At the very least, he didn't expect him to give up.

After three months Jia Hyson stared at the rooster blankly, not fully comprehending what Da Gong had just clucked. "You... you want to leave?" 

"Da Gong..." Jia Hyson's heart trembled in anger and grief, "You, you, I know that... it's been hard but.. my father! I'm sure we can find something, or maybe Tang Muxin could produce, no, yes! Pan Shuchun! She- she just has to do some things and she could probably earn enough points to get something that Tang Muxin could- you just have to wait a bit more okay? Da Gong? Da Gong!"

Da Gong watched him panic and babble and beg. Silent and coldly still, there was an air or reluctance and defeat in him. Compared to his usual sticky and domineering self, it was frighteningly different. Unfortunately the only thing that was the same was that stubborn determination in his eyes. As if he knew the best thing to do and nothing could stop him from doing what he wanted.

Jia Hyson felt something in him collapse a little bit. 

Why? Was the story too sweet? Why was something like this happening?

Before the battle Jia Hyson remembered he had felt guilty. No matter how amazing, Da Gong was still a rooster. The swords have no eyes, and even as mascots they were not necessarily safe from a tragic end. 

Maybe because of this guilt, it had brought a bit of insecurity in him. And so a few days before the battle with the seventh prince, he decided to ask a question that had been slightly bothering him for a long time. 

"Da Gong, why do you like me so much?"

Da Gong cocked his head before he tsk-ed as if he was being asked a stupid question. "Does it matter? I like what I like. Why must I have to explain why this feeling exists when the only thing that matters is what existing feelings I have. To me, you are the cutest. You are silly but obedient and I just find you charming."

Da Gong looked at him, before he stretched out a wing and gently caressed the side of the dragon's face. Jia Hyson naturally leaned into it. It was warm. "When I see you I never want you to be sad." Da Gong clucks, "However I'm sure they'll be times you are and so, whenever that happens... I want to be the one to wipe your tears away."

Jia Hyson: ...

He couldn't even joke at how moved he was. Such simple words of love. It made his heart really ache. 

Da Gong tsk-ed helplessly and his primary wing feathers gently stroked the dragon's face which had unknowingly shed glistening tears. The tears glittered and we're very beautiful to look at, but Da Gong who was a rooster and only thought about his little worm's sadness and happiness. "So silly, why are you crying?"

"I just wanted to make sure you weren't lying." Jia Hyson retorted, feeling a bit embarrassed at how emotional he was being. 

"Hm." Da Gong could tell his little worm was trying to defend his sensitive little honour and wisely didn't argue. Instead, after understanding this crying was not from bitterness but affection, Da Gong excitedly touched the warm tears, happily soaking his soft feathers. It was like he was absorbing a little bit of his little worm's love like this. "How could I lie to my little worm? Just trust me. Everything will be okay."

Now Jia Hyson was crying again, but there was no feathers wiping his tears.

Da Gong hesitated, gaze wavering as he outstretched his broken, mutilated wing before dropping it in shame. How can such an ugly and disgusting self touch his beautiful wife? "Everything will be okay little worm," He coaxes weakly. 

Jia Hyson wipes his own tears with his claws bitterly, he didn't even care about being called a worm again, "You're a fucking liar." He spat angrily. "See if I don't eat you!"

Da Gong was helpless at his little worm's anguish, however it was really the only way. He couldn't continue living like this, suffering and weak. Da Gong rather would go while people still remembered him as before, go while his cute wife still remembered him at his best. "Just trust me. One more time. Okay?"

Jia Hyson understood that the other was serious. He wasn't a child after all but a man who had undergone four lifetimes before this one. Not to mention he was a pragmatic, ruthless and fickle slag man. 

After the initial burst of intense emotion he could think a bit clearer. Da Gong's identity was unique, not just his physical body but his soul too. He probably wasn't giving him empty coaxing words but really had a possible way to do something about the situation.

Even if he didn't, the bird was truly in pain and as the dragon closest to him, Jia Hyson knew that life was not easy to live for Da Gong. He has experienced seeing loved ones and friends grow old and ill, and he knew it was better to let them go in peace then to prolong their days for his own selfishness.

But it was hard. He was selfish. He wanted to cry and make the other hurt and bleed and feel worse then himself. He wanted to yell painful words and emotionally manipulate the other until his self-worth was ripped to shreds.

He... really didn't want Da Gong to go.

But, he cared. He really, really cared. 

So it wasn't about what he wanted anymore.

Swallowing the heaviness in his throat, Jia Hyson finally nods with great unwillingness. 

"This... fine. But take this." Shakily, Jia Hyson pulls out something bright and shining from Bebe's space and presses it to Da Gong's chest. Bebe was for once, silent. It didn't have the heart to argue about what Jia Hyson gave the rooster. 

Even though it was an unknown thing, Da Gong trustingly stood still and let the bright item slowly and unnervingly enter his body. Once it was all inside, it was just Jia Hyson's claw gently against him. Both their breathing grew ragged. 

"Come back soon, Da Gong."

"..I love you, little worm."

And so.

Da Gong left with a newly freed Chef Wen. 

Jia Hyson hasn't seen the rooster since then.




One week later a pale Chef Wen came back with a large bag of freshly slaughtered chicken meat. 

At this time the group was eating at the Fairy Garden Inn. It was because while the palace was very lavish and easy to indulge in, right now it only held the very recent memories of bloodshed that made everyone unwilling to stay until they could emotionally recover. Everyone was still in mourning over their feathery friend. 

However even though they were grieving, everyone was also busy. Duan Mengyao had been forced to take back his old position as the battle had incurred a loss of men and turmoil in the army. Yan Huizhong prepared to make arrangements to leave the palace, and Tang Muxin, Ye Cheng and Pan Shuchun still had their business to cultivate. In a way, everyone used their careers to try to keep their mind off their emotions. They really didn't expect this turn of events.

The moment Chef Wen came back into their lives he insisted on teaching Tang Muxin to use spiritual energy to most effectively cook some of his signature chicken dishes. Tang Muxin who more or less understood where the source of the meat came from was understandably unwilling to touch it. 

"I can't." Tang Muxin forcefully refuses the old chef, a flash of disgust in her eyes. Even if she did admire his cooking abilities, she had great distaste for his character. Even ignoring the implications of the bag of meat in Chef Wen's hands, this was a man who not only sided with the seventh prince but also switched sides so easily. For enemies and allies alike, Tang Muxin always disliked those who had little loyalty, easy to convince into betraying someone with just some money and a few promises and threats. 

In her original world, it didn't matter what she felt about those people as she had to only think about following orders and being valued. However, now was different. She had grown throughout her journey, she had found friends she trusts implicitly, a silly dull but loyal and strong man and a sense of independence. She was no longer a woman who was strong but submitted to her superiors, she was the superior now, and she refused to be wronged. 

Straightening her back she fiercely flares at Chef Wen. "Please leave the... Please leave him with us and then never come back."

Especially toward this old man.

Chef Wen was not stupid and could see he was really not welcome. He smiled bitterly. He also didn't want to be here okay? But who told Tang Muxin to be the protagonist? He could not carry out his promise to the stupid fat bird without her. 

Jia Hyson who had barely moved since Da Gong had left finally stirred. Crawling toward the commotion, Jia Hyson activated [Karmic Insight] and saw a darkness hovering over everyone. He frowns. 

It seems that they couldn't follow this path of denying Chef Wen's request.

Jia Hyson felt his heart get even heavier. The weight almost made it hard to move. 

"Do what he says." Jia Hyson croaks, earning everyone's attention. 

"Jin Bao?" Tang Muxin frowns slightly in worry and confusion, "Your voice-?"

"You can speak now?" Ye Cheng gasps. 

"It's even cuter than I thought." Pan Shuchun mutters, "And I already thought Jin Bao's voice would be incredibly cute." 

Duan Mengyao and Yan Huizhong silently agree. The little dragon's voice was soft and milky, without the whining edge some children have, it instead had a slight kitten-like purring rumble making it almost ticklish to the ears. 

Tang Muxin was the one who was most shocked though. After all, she was used to telepathically communicating with Jin Bao and his voice was the same as his original body- a mature and handsome sounding voice. She had long been used to the gap now, and it felt almost unreal to hear this cutesy voice speaking instead. 

It felt... a little perverted. Like a 100-year-old legal loli.

Jia Hyson pauses before faking a look of surprise. "Oh! It turns out I can ah!" 

Bebe: You have really let your lessons in white lotus acting class down ah.

Jia Hyson: Tsk, shut up. 

To be honest, after father dragon filled Jia Hyson with so many heavenly ingredients, if he hadn't improved his dragon skills and gained the foundational ability to speak human, then he probably was a fake dragon. It was only because he had been so depressed that he had no motivation or energy to communicate with others. It already felt like a lot just telepathically talking with Tang Muxin and explaining to the other animals what had happened, much less talking with the others. 

Jia Hyson was too lazy to explain to them right now. Instead, he stared deeply at Chef Wen. 

Chef Wen's black eyes looked back with some wariness. After all, he also figured out that this Jin Bao was most likely some sort of outsider similar to himself and Da Gong. However, unlike Da Gong who had a deep trust in the little dragon, Chef Wen had barely exchanged three sentences with the other. It would be strange to have a lot of faith in Jin Bao who clearly had a very low moral bottom line if he was willing to try an interspecies relationship with a rooster.

Jia Hyson: I suddenly feel the energy to rush up and smack that old man. 

Ignoring the sudden feeling of irritation, Jia Hyson swayed his tail and glanced at the large sack of bloody meat before quickly averting his glowing eyes. Unfortunately, it was too late, he had seen the familiar aura of Da Gong, ruthlessly destroying his last strand of denial. 

Swallowing he opens his mouth again, "It doesn't matter right now, Tang Muxin, we should do as he says."

The atmosphere which had become somewhat pleasant after the surprise of Jin Bao's talking cooled again. 

"Jin Bao, what are you saying?" Ye Cheng was the most disturbed by his words. "Don't you understand what, what he wants Tang Muxin to do?!" Ye Cheng was usually sunny and fairly gentle tempered, it was a bit shocking to see him raise his voice so hysterically. Shocking but still understandable. 

Jia Hyson couldn't look at Ye Cheng and silently nodded. 

"You-!" Ye Cheng was about to rush up but was stopped by Duan Mengyao. Yan Huizhong pinched Ye Cheng's thigh, letting the pain sober him up for a bit.

"Cheng, don't be rash." Yan Huizhong slowly and soothingly spoke, however, his red-rimmed eyes also proved he wasn't calm as he pretended to be, "Jin Bao's power of foresight is strong, I'm sure he wouldn't tell us to do what Chef Wen said unless there was a very strong reason for it."

Ye Cheng didn't say anything, clenching his fists helplessly. His reaction couldn't be helped. The years he had been with Da Gong couldn't be so easily thrown away and to Ye Cheng, the rooster was almost like a little son to him. What heartless bastard would give a good face to people that wish to cook his dead son's body?!

Not to mention Ye Cheng, everyone else was upset too. 

However the more unwilling they were, the more Jia Hyson could see the bad omens lingering and growing in their auras. He couldn't fully comprehend the situation given the lack of details but now he was sure Da Gong had done something to himself when he had died. 

It could be said this was probably his final gift to everyone. 

Out of the group, Tang Muxin had the most tacit understanding with Jia Hyson. Seeing his ears droop slightly and his tail anxiously swaying on the floor she also seemed to understand what he was seeing. Her expression was heavy. 

"Jin Bao's father said that Da Gong was not an ordinary rooster but held the bloodline of a Phoenix." She suddenly speaks out, "The higher intelligence and larger size was the clearest evidence to show Da Gong had inherited on varying levels supernatural traits. Phoenix are known for revival and rebirth..." Tang Muxin trails off, unsure what else to say.

After all increased intelligence was one thing. But inheriting the clearly magical ability to revive from the dead was leagues away. Even in an online game, this was the sort of OP skill that required a lot of level up points to invest into. It wasn't something that any old chicken with a heavily diluted creature bloodline could easily attain. 

While not everyone played or had even heard of online games in everyone's mind, they logically felt that if Da Gong had the capability of bearing such a good skill then he would've had the capability of having other traits like a Phoenix such as a stronger regenerative ability. 

"I don't know the exact reason either," Jia Hyson voices out quietly. Still, within the silent and solemn atmosphere, everyone could hear it clearly, "All I know is that this is probably Da Gong's blessings to us. Even if he- no matter what state he was in, he was still stubborn and wilful enough to choose his own fate. There's no way he would let himself die in this manner without reason. And Chef Wen is a lot of things but he's not so sick and stupid to come to us in such a manner where he's practically begging to be beaten to death and have his corpse publicly hanged naked from his toes."

Chef Wen: ...Was that really necessary?

Ye Cheng, Pan Shuchun, Duan Mengyao, Yan Huizhong: The cute dragon turned out to be like this huh. 

"Why don't we wait for Father Dragon?" Pan Shuchun tentatively suggests. 

Chef Wen immediately shook his head. Even though he and Da Gong had been hiding for a week to prepare, Chef Wen still retained a few ways to learn information on what was happening in the kingdom. He knew the adult dragon had gone off to survey the conditions of the land. Most likely it was also to give his grieving son some space as well. Either way, it was clear to Chef Wen that the idea was just a grab for more time. "It may take too much time to wait, the meat will go off. Do you really want that to happen?"

The rest of the group stares at him with narrowed eyes. 

Chef Wen rubs his nose awkwardly. 

But it was indeed true that the meat will spoil if it's out for too long. The idea that Da Gong not only became an un-intact corpse but even his meat would become rotten and smelly was a bit too unbearable to think about. 

In the end, after a lot of mental reconstruction and emotional preparation, everyone solemnly decided to go through with it. If Da Gong really... 

...Ah, it was so painful.

With great reluctance, Tang Muxin followed the enthusiastic old man to the kitchens in the inn. She had experienced a lot of bloody things in her previous life. But this was really the most disturbing and conflicting.

It was true that Chef Wen had wholeheartedly taught her. No matter what Chef Wen was probably the most skilled chef and the most proficient in handling spiritual energy alive right now. 

Her cooking and her ability to retain the spiritual essence in an ingredient had improved leaps and bounds, the knowledge shared with her had given her insight and understanding of various matters. With her already skilled hands, high intellect and protagonist halo, Chef Wen's lesson was like giving a tiger wings.

However, this sort of priceless lesson came at a big cost to her mental state. After all, this lesson was about how to carve up and cook a dear friend.

Even the strongest and coldest person would want to vomit and cry holding that knife as she had. 

The only saving grace was that Chef Wen had already thoughtfully de-feathered and cut up the meat into large pieces before coming here. However, Tang Muxin had a medical background and a photographic memory. She could still recognise the bloody body parts and organs of a chicken. 

Of Da Gong.

For the first time in a long time, Tang Muxin's hand trembles. 

After two gruelling hours, everyone sat with pale faces around a table filled with various gorgeous delicacies that utilised chicken as either their star ingredient or held the flavour of chicken through broth and the oils squeezed out of the dripping meat as it sizzled on the ruthlessly hot pans. Chef Wen who placed the last dish on the table urged everyone to start eating. 

"It's better if you finish it all," He smiles. 

Everyone who was still mourning and feeling nauseous: ...You fucking insensitive garbage old man.

Even though Da Gong was a rooster everyone treated him as an equal, on some level as a superior. Therefore they all decided to maintain the mourning period tradition of eating simple and mainly vegetarian food for a year. 

And even if, if they could ignore their emotional ties, and didn't care about the rooster, objectively, it was still too much to ask. Da Gong was an abnormally large rooster. He could probably run with two toddlers on his back safely if he had the inclination. Asking them to eat everything was like asking five children to eat a whole turkey and make sure to lick their plates clean afterwards. 

Chef Wen: ...Guys, for real, I'm really sorry.

Chef Wen felt fucking wronged. He worked in the palace, he worked with the seventh prince, he wasn't stupid and he had good EQ. If he didn't know what was clearly written all over their faces he probably deserved to die years ago. Even if he didn't he had the goddamn common sense not to feed people their dead pets okay?

He didn't want to do this either! 

"This is Da Gong's last request." Chef Wen repeated feeling incredibly embarrassed. Even if he had a thick face it really was hard to bear this atmosphere. The pot in his hands was heavy and black but he didn't dare drop it. "He didn't want to see you in the appearance he was in, and he knew that his body has a lot of good things. He insisted I help him because not only could he do one last thing for all of you, but he could also be shown beautifully for the last time."

Ye Cheng choked back a sob and everyone was wiping their tears or leaning on each other as their hearts ached at the words. They didn't even have the thought to question how Chef Wen, who may be talented in handling and understanding spiritual energy but should not be able to have any real supernatural ability in itself, could speak to Da Gong, a rooster who only spoke rooster.

Chef Wen also felt a bit moved by the atmosphere but said nothing, letting everyone have a bit more time to cry. The wheel of fate has already started to turn, if he messes up now then it's his own shard piece that will be ground up by this ruthless wheel. 

This is why he was really unwilling at first. It was clearly an 'if I die, you die with me' plan. Unfortunately, Da Gong was a real piece of shit bastard and threatened him with another special shard skill they had, one that essentially promised complete annihilation either way.

Chef Wen at the time: ...Are you fucking sick???

Looking at the gloomy faces of the people before him, all emotional over such a mean-hearted rooster, and then thinking of himself whose wife had decisively left with their children without even asking his situation Chef Wen felt like this was a really hard life he had ah. 

Jia Hyson also couldn't help but shed tears too, after all, it was still never easy to grieve for a loved one. His chest was stuffy and dense it was like a storm cloud had been stuffed inside him, intangible yet suffocating. However, he was more clearheaded them others and understood there is a reason for Chef Wen's urgency.

Thinking of the item he had given to Da Gong before he left, Jia Hyson steeled his resolve and looked at the nearest plate of food in front of him. 

Chef Wen saw that the little dragon had more or less collected himself and wasted no time to quietly introduce the dish.

"This is braised chicken heart with stir-fried garlic and an assortment of wild mountain mushrooms."

Jia Hyson stares down at the beautifully plated chicken heart dish.

Jia Hyson: ...

Feeling its host's fluctuating emotions Bebe, who had been quiet for a while suddenly spoke up.

Bebe: 'Well... Bebe guesses even if Da Gong is gone...'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe... what are you doing?'

Bebe: 'You could say...'

Jia Hyson: 'Bebe this is not the time to find your sense of humour.'

Bebe: 'He will always be...'

Jia Hyson: 'Omg.' 

Bebe: 'A real tasty dish.' .)b

Jia Hyson: '...' _

Bebe: '...Too soon?'

Jia Hyson: 'HIS BODY ISN'T EVEN COLD YET YOU FUCK!'  

Bebe: ...Isn't that just because he's been freshly braised? 

It's a good thing Bebe didn't say the last thing out loud or it would really have gotten trashed when this world was over. Still, the usual bickering helped. After the initial anger, Jia Hyson's strained emotions eased somewhat. 

As expected, after so many words, no matter how bad their relationship looked to outsiders, Bebe knew him best. 

Jia Hyson sighs and his claw reached over to stab the sliced up heart. 

Everyone watched Jin Bro before they glanced at each other. No matter how emotionally, this sort of matter was incredibly hard to accept, it really didn't change the fact the objectively... The smell of the meat had filled their mouths with saliva. 

Hesitantly, and under the begging eyes of Chef Wen, they all reached their chopsticks out and picked up some rooster meat to place in their mouths.

Everyone: ...

Everyone: ...

Everyone: ...

Oh shit. Da Gong tasted really good. 

Guiltily they chewed the food in their mouth with stone-cold expressions, wiping away their tears and guiltily trying not to give away how the salty and crispy outside of the meat crackled under their teeth, allowing the juicy flavour of chicken to burst out. The meat was slightly smokey but neither tough, dry nor too chewy. Even after swallowing the sensation and taste in their mouths lingered and whet their appetites even further.

Fuck. 

It was truly the most delicious chicken they had ever tasted.

Everyone: ...We're so sorry Da Gong. 

Even Duan Mengyao, who wasn't a big fan of the taste of bird in the first place was immediately conquered by the taste of this big black cock and couldn't help wanting to swallow it whole. 

Jia Hyson also couldn't resist. He had actually eaten all of Da Gong's heart as if possessed. It was as if he couldn't bear to let anyone else touch his heart except himself, only satisfied after consuming the entire thing before he finally raised his eyes to the other dishes. While the sudden obsession that had overtaken him had strangely dissipated, and his body seemed to have warmed a bit abnormally, the delicious taste in his mouth made him ignore it in favour of the pursuit of good food.

Only Bebe who was carefully monitoring Jia Hyson's body frowns and silently notes this down while swallowing its' own saliva with a little bit of jealousy. The simulated taste it could receive from what Jia Hyson was experiencing was not the same as eating the food itself after all.

Still after a while of eating, no matter how good it tasted, even if it was truly the best tasting meat they had ever tasted, inevitably their stomachs will eventually be filled and the gluttony that took over them would fade and be replaced with what they had done. Soon the sounds of chewing were once again being replaced with sniffling and crying. 

Chef Wen felt very distressed. Even with the larger appetite of the dragon Jin Bao, and the big ma Duan Mengyao, there was still a few more dishes left. However, at this rate, it really didn't look like they'll be able to finish it for a while. 

Suddenly the older widow who manages the Fairy Garden Inn enters their private dining area, opening the door before bowing respectfully as an older gentleman enters.

It was the emperor in incognito. 

Seeing that he'd clearly entered at an awkward time, the emperor stopped in his tracks awkwardly. The emperor had let them leave the palace to respect their space but he still wanted to give his condolences and gratitude to everyone. After all, he knew without the group's help the casualties would probably be far worse than before.

Unfortunately after such a big thing, the emperor was very busy cleaning up the mess, looking through various reports, checking the administration, giving out compensation money for the fallen and ordering people to do restoration around the areas that had been burned up. It was only until now could he, with some help from his loyal servants and ministers, sneak out to make a personal visit that didn't require any great fanfare that would disrupt the group of youths.

He did not think that the day he managed to slip out, these people would be crying over their meals so aggrievedly. 

The emperor pinched the edge of his sleeve, unsure what to say now. After all, he was not particularly close with the large rooster and found it difficult to really emphasise over the loss. He was a man in a position that required him to kill a whole family if needed. To him, Da Gong was indeed very unique and seemed like a good companion but he was still an animal and a pet. As an emperor, he subconsciously looked down on others and while he was considered very good in comparison to other emperors, in modern times there would probably be more than a few people who would deem him heartless.

Either way, he really didn't know what to do and was tempted just to turn around and leave. After a few seconds of hesitation, he glances at the table full of food and was startled to find the remaining dishes were all chicken dishes.

Because he had been recently been blessed by father dragon his insight and intuition was also much better, as was his health and eyesight. The emperor noticed that the chicken bones scattered around were much larger than usual as well. Suddenly a thought struck his mind and his expression distorted for a second.

Ah, it turns out they were paying their respects to their fallen feathery friend like this?

Really... hardcore!

However, after a bit more thought the emperor relaxed a little. He knew more rituals given his standing. There was a funeral tradition in a neighbouring country where the corpse is devoted by vultures under the open sky. Their beliefs on this were that the tradition would help the person go to heaven and it is of the greatest of respect there. 

While it wouldn't be acceptable if Da Gong was a person, given he was a chicken, the emperor no longer felt so perturbed by their choice of mourning. It was like the reverse of the sky ritual, moving Da Gong's spirit not to the open sky by vultures, but to accompany his companions throughout their lives. 

Feeling moved by his own thoughts the emperor no longer felt so awkward and boldly decided to continue walking toward them, sitting on an empty chair and greeting them softly. 

Still muddled in their emotions everyone nodded at the man respectfully but couldn't say much in their embarrassing states. Even Duan Menyao who was the most respectful to the emperor was too busy trying to wipe away his tears.

Jia Hyson made a soft noise of acknowledgment as well. Even though their responses were considered cold and rude, the emperor didn't mind and was very understanding. He didn't have the face to interrupt their 'ritual' but it seemed like their depression was very dark right now. 

Feeling he needed to do something, the emperor began to quietly tell them about what has been happening at the palace, the result of everyone's contributions and help, as well as emphasising the good that has been done and the changes that have been made for the better. As the emperor, he had many eyes and therefore he had many things to say. While it wasn't much, it helped everyone gain a bit of focus.

As he talked the emperor noticed everyone was struggling to consume the food on the table. Pausing, the emperor blinks before hesitatingly looking at Tang Muxin who, as the dragon saintess, he felt had the most say in the group. "This.. do you need some assistance? With the food, I mean."

The emperor felt like he vaguely understood. Wasting food was considered disrespectful to the chef and the ingredients used. As an emperor of course he tends to waste food, especially during times of good harvests. But he also knows that in this case, if the meat isn't all consumed it probably represents that Da Gong's spirit would not be whole, half tethered to the mortal realm or something along those lines. 

The palace was full of various superstitions, while the emperor didn't want to ask the specifics he could tell consuming the entire body must be important in some way. However, it is clearly taking both a physical and mental toll on everyone. 

The group hesitates, it felt a little wrong to let an outsider do this even if it is the emperor. However, they really couldn't eat anymore. Seeing the indecision the emperor seriously bows his head. "I understand your unspoken words," He slowly and calmly speaks as he raises his head again, eyes clear and earnest, "However do not worry, while I cannot comprehend the depths of your camaraderie with Da Gong, I truly do respect and admire the achievements and accomplishments he had done, especially given he is a rooster. Just his fierce combat skills had put many of my soldiers to shame." 

He chuckles, making everyone else crack a faint smile. Looking deeply into their eyes, the emperor seriously tells them, "It would be an honour to pay my respects and help you finish your ritual."

Ye Cheng felt a burst of pride and pain. To think Da Gong, the rooster he had raised, would even be honoured by the emperor.

If only Da Gong was here... he probably wouldn't care much but he would still puff up his chest arrogantly as if it was a matter of course.

Thinking about it his eyes watered again.

Tang Muxin paid attention to Ye Cheng's reaction. While she was essentially the leader, Ye Cheng was the closest to a father to Da Gong. His reaction was the most important. Seeing he was not repulsed, she also acquiesced to the emperor joining. While she didn't know what 'ritual' he was talking about it was evident he had nothing but good intentions.

Chef Wen however had an ugly expression. Stepping in he was about to speak up but who knew the emperor was so agile with his chopsticks and already swallowed a piece of meat. Maybe the emperor thought that if he could clear the dishes faster the drawn-out pain of seeing their friend be slowly eaten piece by piece would be cut short sooner, or maybe the meat was really just too delicious but the emperor began to eat with a decorum more befitting a hungry beggar.

Chef Wen: ...Fuck.

Well, as long as everything was eaten at least he would be safe. As for the extra unexpected person that ate the meat? 

Ahahaha, it's not like it's his problem anymore ah  




One year later Duan Mengyao married Tang Muxin.

It wasn't a small wedding but it was not particularly grand either. Just like the couple it was simple and straight to the point, with only a little bit of flair. However Jia Hyson, as Tang Muxin's soul bonded dragon, could not sit back and do nothing. He had made a big show, flying the sky, scattering flowers before blessing the pair with happiness, prosperity and joy. 

Chef Wen who had disappeared since feeding them, had come back just to help cook for the wedding banquet. Even though nobody liked him, nobody could deny his cooking ability was really heavenly. Chef Wen had also gotten more haggard and older in just a year, in fact he had been almost frighteningly unrecognizable, like a grape who returned as a raisin. While nobody knew why, they didn't have the heart to exclude him with such an appearance. 

And, well, he did cook the food.

Sitting in the corner, Chef Wen silently sips some top grade spiritual white cloud leaf tea. For the wedding many treasures from the Dragon's Hoard had been taken out. Even if it wasn't as grand as it could be, it was really the epitome of low-key luxury. Not as gaudy and exaggerated, but if one looked at the costs, Chef Wen was confident this wedding probably outshone the emperor's. 

He glances at the royal family who had all made an appearance at the wedding. Even those princes that may not be friendly with the Tang Muxin or Duan Mengyao, or the princesses who were not close, nobody dared not give the couple face. 

Chef Wen sighs and takes another sip of the mild flavoured yet refreshing taste of the tea in hand. 

Under the wrinkles and rough skin that had become dark after being baked under the sun for so long, the black eyes glimmered with life and vitality and a bit of unwilling resentment. However Chef Wen looked at the bright festivities and could only sigh. 

Heaven was still a little fair. Da Gong, the ruthless thing, may have forced him to not only carry the pot of making him feed the rooster's body to his companions, but to also have a body that ages and doesn't die, but in return the bird will miss many occasions and memories with his loved ones. 

Chef Wen sighs. Before, he felt a little gleeful that the emperor came and caused a slight wrench in the bird's plans. However it turns out the one who will suffer the most overall is himself. Tsk, he was too stupid to underestimate the viciousness of his counterpart. 

Ah well, at least the tea was nice.

Pan Shuchun glances at the old man and frowns. In the end, right before the wedding finished, she went up to have a quiet chat with him.

No one knew what was said between the festivities, but Chef Wen disappeared from the public eye afterwards. However a few months later a small restaurant hidden in the mountains called Ashes Among the Mist opened that eventually became very popular for foodies everywhere. 

...

Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong got married two months after. Even though they were thoroughbred ancient men, they also yearned to hold a celebration of their love similar to Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao. Tang Muxin and Pan Shuchun, these modern women, not only encouraged them but also had enough power to shut any mouths. 

Against homosexuality? The dragon saintess and her dragon have no qualms about it? Even the emperor has accepted. Do you think you're better than the emperor? Do you think you're better than a dragon? Do you dare say such a blasphemous thing?! Haha slap you ah!

Can't have children? Can they not adopt? Do you think no one is willing to be adopted by two men? We are so rich you would be a fool not to kneel down and beg to call them daddy ah!

It could be said after a series of small faceslapping events, the capital's three views were forcibly shattered and rebuilt. With this wedding as a precedent it had become quite chic to have a homosexual marriage. 

Of course this sort of thing only really worked with families with many children, where it was easier to accept among the parents. However, in a time when men had three wives and five concubines, it was pretty rare to have only one child anyway, and even then it's not a big deal to bring a male concubine.

...though while the acceptance was pretty good it also caused a lot of turbulence in the hierarchy of the harems, not to mention a small but sharp increase in the capital's death rate via assassinations by concubines. However that was a story that was neither here nor there right now. 

When Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong did get married the emperor gave Yan Huizhong the title of King Yan with a bittersweet smile. Ironically it was only when this stupid son wanted to give up the throne did he start to show the potential to be a fine emperor. 

Still, the emperor understood the other's wishes and even envied his son somewhat. So instead of completely cutting ties, he gifted him this status, letting the other have the status of an idle king who no longer had to deal with the troubles of the palace but still had their protection. After granting him the title, as well as a fairly prosperous fief to govern over, the emperor could only sigh and hug his empress for comfort. 

...

Two years later Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao had their first child, a cute little boy. 

He was named by Yan Huizhong, who decisively called him Duan Shirong, meaning 'Scholar of honour'.

"It's in hopes he has more brains than his father." Yan Huizhong smiles.

Duan Mengyao: '...'

Three months after Duan Shirong was born, Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong adopted a baby from the last of Concubine Liang's family. The nine generation extermination was inevitable but under the emperor and empress' hand, there were a few who had a 'lucky' escape. While the small children were taken up to be raised as servants under the empress, there was also Concubine Liang's sister who had been pregnant. 

Because of how it was, it was hard for a single pregnant woman, and questions would inevitably be asked. In the end, Concubine Liang's sister who felt she hadn't nurtured any strong feelings for the child yet, decided it was best to give the baby away to a childless old couple who would take care of the baby as their own. She could then leave this country with some peace of mind. 

Surprisingly it was not Ye Cheng but Yan Huizhong who had been moved by the story. Yan Huizhong felt empathy for the child who was already in a bad position in life before even being born. After all for ancient people, they felt the sins of the parents will move to the sons and daughters, consequently carrying a burden that they shouldn't have to hold. 

Because he was the son of an unfavored person he was wronged in his childhood and had always wanted to make up for this somehow on some level. Not to mention while he had come to terms with his sexuality a long time ago, it was hard to shake of the longing of wanting children. Therefore hearing about the situation he was a little eager. 

Ye Cheng on the other hand was not as interested. He preferred taking care of his animals and even if he had thought of raising a child, he was uncomfortable raising one with no shared blood with either himself or Yan Huizhong. Not to mention this was a child who would share blood with the seventh prince who killed Da Gong. 

To be honest, it was fairly easy get over not having the same blood as the baby. It just took a bit of re-aligning his own world views a bit, some self reflection and a lot of sympathy. But Ye Cheng felt that he would rather pick up a prostitute's baby that was left in the trash before considering a baby related to the seventh prince. 

Even if he knew the child was innocent and pitiful, that didn't mean he had to like the baby. Besides, who knows if the child would grow up with similar traits to the seventh prince? Ye Cheng liked animals, but to bring up a white eyed wolf full of deep thoughts? He really can't afford it peh! 

However Yan Huizhong was more open minded because of his own life experiences. Ye Cheng's background in the countryside produced some cultural differences in ideology. In a way the rural people were both more laidback and more conservative than the ones in the capital. In terms of etiquette and formality and views on education it was lax. After all the rural people cared much more about a full stomach.

But when it came to children and blood lineage, the rural people were very strong about this. Those rich ones at the capital were also strong about this topic too but maybe it was because the pressure to live was not as heavy so it wasn't too bad to have a few male concubines or to adopt a few maid's children to raise as playmates for their children, treating them like their own. There were even cases where people would become so fond of their adopted children, favoring them over the biological, or trying to legitimize the familial relationship by pushing them into a marriage with a close family member. 

As the saying goes- city people really knew how to play ah. 

However Yan Huizhong didn't know what possessed him, after all he also felt like it was a bit unreasonable, but his heart seemed to insist on it. Ye Cheng also knew that Yan Huizhong's behavior was abnormal. 

After all, the man was not actually very fond of children in general. He liked them in the way that he was willing to pinch their cheeks and deign to chat with them like they were tiny adults but it was very awkward and always with a hint of confused panic. While they had considered children, due to various reasons on both their parts such as the growing business of Dragon Hoard, and planning for future projects such as a petting zoo and a beauty salon. Therefore they hadn't been enthusiastic enough that they were confident they would put their heart into such a baby at the moment. 

Seeing how tired Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao was during both the pregnancy period and then after Duan Shirong was born, both Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong felt their ideas were a good choice.

But who knew what possessed Yan Huizhong, after hearing the story he was overcome with paternal love for a baby that didn't share his own blood, that didn't even exist and was even related to an enemy. Ye Chen felt there was a tangible problem, and went to seek advice from Jin Bao.

Jia Hyson was still depressed after Da Gong's passing, but as a man who has experienced similar feelings before, while the pain was quite vivid it could not completely cripple him mentally. When his grandmother left the world he had been full of pain, and when his beloved mother passed as well he had been inconsolable and wildly fluctuated from being wildly indulging of various vices he had, to being so utterly bereft of energy and motivation to live another day. He had even thought about committing suicide at that point. It was a good thing he had already written a few best selling books at the time because during that period he was worse than a waste, completely incapable of living like a proper human being, unable to function or cope. 

It had to be said that Jia Hyson had been incredibly close to his mother, and she had acted as his moral leash which still left traces on him now. Even after so many worlds, the death of his mother could still provoke a sense of loss in his heart. To Jia Hyson, Da Gong's death was devastating and the way it ended was enough to strangle his heart every time he thought about it, but he had become better at dealing with the grief. 

While he was in a state of depression where he felt unwilling to move a single claw or eat, he was not in denial for long, and he knew that alienating those around him would only make him feel worse. Therefore while he didn't do much, for the sake of his friends and the plot he didn't act coldly toward them and was either often nearby someone of the group or basking somewhere. 

To be honest he preferred basking somewhere, after all they'll always be people who will run to give him food to eat. Tang Muxin, while not busy enough to stop feeding him, started making lighter and healthier meals now that she became a mother and insisted on feeding him well too.

What was worse was father dragon also approved this. They mainly rely on spiritual energy but of course they had to consume the physical body containing the energy. The best food for dragons was produce with the most concentrated amount of spiritual energy. That way they get to consume less unnecessary things to get their required nutritional intake. 

In short, other than the concentrated spiritual energy that he had gotten from the world's consciousness and heavenly path's stash, and as compensation by the system administration, everything else he ate was pretty much junk food.

It made sense in retrospect. After all. How could dragon jade be so rare when there had been so many dragons and their excrement was assumably ginormous? Even with exploitation one could probably still carve out a mansion with a single adult dragon's 'jade' if they had the money for it.

The reason is simply because-

Dragons rarely shit. 

Like, if they ate well enough, a human baby could actually grow old and die before they needed to go to the bathroom. 

Jia Hyson who had been eating all this low quality food, has essentially been having the dragon version of extreme food poisoning and diarrhoea as his body constantly tries to flush out the impurities.

Jia Hyson: '...' Despaironthetoilet.jpeg 

Since his cute silly son didn't want to leave his human friends and go to heaven for now, father dragon could only worry and leave with the promise to bring back his mother and a lot of other preparations to nourish the land. The filtration and absorption of spiritual energy was poor and taxing to the body of father dragon. It was like a fish trying to swim in dirty water. 

This was also why no other dragons came with him. If he felt it was viable he would have signalled to let them follow but since the energy was so meagre it was expected if any did follow him down they may become unwell all over. Not to mention their bodies would passively but ruthlessly suck dry the remaining spiritual energy in the land which would lead to a lot of catastrophic consequences. 

Because he didn't think his son wouldn't want to follow him to heaven, father dragon only had short term items like toys and snacks and nutritious medical potions. Fortunately there was a lot of it but the fact was, he simply wasn't comfortable letting his baby only eat the snacks he had and felt better with a nanny taking care of the child.

Of course while the options were severely limited, it was obvious Tang Muxin who was not only spiritually bound to Jin Bao, but could also cook more spiritually rich dishes, was the best fit for his demands. Well, best was really too strong a word, more like the most barely passable adequate among the incredibly incompetent.

Barely passably adequate nanny Tang Muxin: ...thanks ah. 

So Tang Muxin, who was already interested in going healthy, was greatly motivated by father dragon and further supported by Pan Shuchun. 

Father dragon: Healthiness for my son!

Tang Muxin: Healthiness for my friends!

Pan Shuchun: Healthiness for beauty!

Jia Hyson: ...No, please give me my greasy and fatty pork belly, spicy fried noodles. 

Duan Mengyao: My red meat dishes...

Yan Huizhong: ...Why so little oil are we experiencing poverty? 

Ye Cheng: Wuwuwu if I have to drink a cleansing smoothie every morning I'll really die...

In short even if they were a little touched by the intentions these steel straight men were full of despair. Even though they felt their bodies were a bit more energetic their tastebuds still missed the heavy tastes of dishes full of fat, carbs, meat and oil. 

Jia Hyson felt like he had suffered the most out of the group. After all he was also the only single dog dragon dammit. 

Single dog Pan Shuchun: Heh.

There was no ice cream to eat when heartbroken. His main chef was on a health kick. There was no junk food in Pan Shuchun's system shop other then some mints and healthy low fat, low sugar, low carb snacks. His heart was still recovering but his stomach has been dealt a very harsh blow.

...Though his toilet schedule was admittedly much better now.

Fortunately the simple and superstitious townspeople do not think the mighty dragon would have problems with things like fat gain, and heart problems. Therefore they will empty their pockets to buy spiritually rich ingredients and make their best snacks and most delicious dishes to offer him when they could. 

Anyway, that is where Ye Cheng had found him at the time. Surrounded by food.

Ye Cheng had looked at the amount of good things surrounding the dragon and unceremoniously snatched a bowl of sweet dumplings and sat next to the lazy dragon. As he ate he explained the situation.

Jia Hyson flicked his ears and looked at Ye Cheng with glowing eyes for a moment before closing his eyes again. "Ye Cheng, this is probably fate. Yan Huizhong as a prince is more sensitive and intuitive with the blessings bestowed on you both. I suggest you try your best to let the regrets and anger of the past go. What do you think Da Gong would think of this?"

Ye Cheng smiled. There was a hint of pain and grief but now he could reminisce fondly, "He would probably think I was being a fool and being too noisy about a simple matter." He rubs Jia Hyson's mane, the dragon playfully pushing the offending hand away, "Thanks Jin Bao... You should come back and stay a bit longer okay? Don't keep walking around and eating all the good food without us ah."

"Mn." Jia Hyson hummed noncommittally. Ye Cheng's smile became a touch sadder but still left, as if used to the reply.

Once gone Jia Hyson opened a single eye before closing it again with a sigh. Let the regrets and anger of the past go huh... what a hypocrite he was.

After the adoption was decided, Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong spent time between learning about raising children, and the businesses they were helping run with the group. Since Tang Muxin was recuperating from pregnancy and Duan Mengyao had gone back to his job in the army as a general, this meant Pan Shuchun was more or less taking care of most of the things. Fortunately she did enjoy it but nonetheless she swore at everyone for discriminating against single dogs.

Maybe because she was in the body of the original protagonist or maybe because she had her agriculture system cheat, or maybe because Jia Hyson felt bad and accompanied her a lot during this busy period but Pan Shuchun had become very successful and had even picked up three competent and pretty young ladies along the way. 

From what Jia Hyson's veteran eyes could tell, none of the young ladies were 'official wives' but merely women who all equally fought for Pan Shuchun's affections after being moved by such a strong and capable woman. Even though she had originally been a bit put off by this development, as she struggled and overcame various small and large matters in business with the three ladies, she also accepted her small lily garden. 

Because of the emperor's blessing, their career as merchants was not as hard or as disgraceful to the eye anymore. Even though Pan Shuchun still had some troubles, it was not as if her friends acted as salted fishes, and when they did not help, the three fairies from her flower garden appeared. Soon she had a few branch shops for her clothing designs, upgraded the Dragon's Hoard to include a small kitchen to take on cooking classes as well as a cafe, and a cosmetic store. She also had plans to open a bookstore that will have an open floor so illiterate people could come listen to a storyteller as well as provide free basic reading lessons for children.

Pan Shuchun was very happy living a busy life of making money and being pampered by three pretty fairy women. 

Haha! Who needs a man?! Women are so much better ah!

Tang Muxin who carefully watched Pan Shuchun being cuddled up by a coquettish but sexy little sister character, as she lay her head on the soft lap of a blushing but cold faced conservative, icy beauty that was carefully brushing her hair, while a flirty older lady hand fed Pan Shuchun small pieces of cake, put down the tea in her hand and slapped her thigh in regret. Aiyah! It seems like it is true??

Pan Shuchun: AHAHAHAHA I have directly evolved from single dog to harem dog!

Tang Muxin: Tsk, what to do, a little jealous.

Duan Mengyao, Yan Huizhong, Ye Cheng:( _ ) '...' (  ( )

Jia Hyson: Tsk, what to do, very jealous.

Bebe: Da Gong is rolling in your stomach. 

...

For the sake of fairness and friendship, once the baby from the Liang family was born, he was named Yan Yongzheng by Duan Mengyao. The meaning of Yongzheng was 'Forever righteous'.

"It's in hopes that the child won't be a black-bellied, morally corrupt pretty boy like his father." Duan Mengyao smiles, brightening as he added pointedly, "I used what little brains I had to think of such a good name for him, I hope you aren't offended King Yan."

Yan Huizhong: '...hehe.'

Pan Shuchun who had never found any men she liked, and surrounded herself with three lilies instead eventually adopted a little girl. 

Before anyone offered, she decisively renamed the girl on the spot, declaring her Pan Jiaying. Jiaying meaning 'Good and clever'. Because Pan Shuchun felt that while beauty was good, of course it is more practical to wish for good character and intelligence. After all, she was raising the child with the intention of raising an heir to her business. Her three lilies also wished to help raise Pan Jiaying up, quietly fighting with each other over who could make the little girl acknowledge her as her 'father'. 

Of course Pan Shuchun was now both rich and open minded. Worried her child may not have an interest in business, and that her lilies would go too far, she also took in two more little girls after careful consideration- Pan Qiao, who she hoped to have high aspirations like her name, and Pan Bingbing who was just named after a celebrity she was a fan of when she still lived in modern times.

Tang Muxin who recognised the reference: ...

Later on Tang Muxin gave birth to a pair of phoenix and dragon twins, Duan Shanyuan and Duan Xiaohui. They were named by the emperor who, after the blessing, was now incredibly healthy and fit. 

Even after having quite a lot of kids among the group of close friends none of them chose to name any of their children in honour of Da Gong. It was because they knew that the proud bird would have definitely been offended to death if he found out such a squishy, plump and ugly human was named after himself. Besides, they worried their children would have a lot to uphold to be worthy of the name as well.

The children who were not worthy of a rooster's name: 

(  ) _))_)_) These spicy chicken parents...

Three years later, the emperor also announced some wondrous news. 

The empress was pregnant!

Seeing how the emperor was now hale and hearty, as if his previous illness was just a dream and he held the energy of a man in his twenties, the princes all looked at each other. It seemed... there might be no need to fight for the throne?

The most ambitious crown prince and third prince were especially bitter, but after being chilled by how their seventh brother had hidden so deeply and yet fallen so fast, they merely swallowed the pain in their hearts. After all, the eighth brother Yan Huizhong, no, King Yan, and General Duan Mengyao had already revealed their evil schemes. It was already considered quite good they kept their prince hood, no matter how superficial it was. 

Much like the concubines who had more or less given up, the princes had all relaxed. Even the crown prince had mellowed, choosing to associate with the playboy fifth prince and indulge in women, and the crafty third prince decided to use his scheming brain to help the people and win merits and fame. The royal family was unpredently peaceful. 

After all, their core reason for estrangement was the distrust and ambition that comes from fighting for the crown. Seeing that the emperor would probably live until they themselves were too old, they decided to all enjoy life and focus on raising up their heirs to fight in their stead instead.

The princes' children: (;););)?!

The emperor who wanted to abdicate and joy his retirement with his empress and their child: (|||) ?!

It really couldn't be helped. There were so many problems with the princes and their personalities, the emperor not only won the favour of the adult golden dragon and the baby dragon, but also gained their blessings, improved his health and had always shown himself to be a good emperor. Between a turbulent future of uncertainties and a safe futures full of assurances, the ministers would be fools to pick the former. Even the ambitious ones who wanted to fish in troubled waters really felt the cost outweighed the benefits if the current emperor left.

Therefore even when the emperor decided to bring the topic up everyone immediately shut him down. Even the empress thought so.

Empress: It's his best trait. :3 

Emperor: ... QwQ

However before Jia Hyson could show his congratulations and amusement for the emperor's recent joys and sorrows, something happened on his end. 

"Y-you're leaving?" Jia Hyson stares at his mice children in shock. "You can do that?"

Yes. The three summoned mice Heng Kai, Heng Dishi, and Heng Jian who had been deemed as Jia Hyson and Da Gong's mice children and had been mainly thrown to Little Fatty to take care of, finally couldn't take it and confronted their spicy chicken host.

Jia Hyson who finally paid attention to them felt a little strange and ashamed. He really didn't spend much time with these mice children. It was a better when Da Gong was there, both of them enjoyed playing and idling with the mice children together, but generally it was Little Fatty the field mouse who took care of them. While it wasn't so bad that Jia Hyson couldn't tell the mice apart, if Jia Hyson had been forced into answering what the mice liked to eat or something basic like that... erm... he really couldn't answer it ah.

Thinking about that, his expression got worse. After all it was his own fault for assigning the mice such a role so casually, and then not following through wholeheartedly. 

However he wasn't entirely shocked at his own behaviour either. He knew in his heart that with his fickle, apathetic personality and immaturity in handling such matters he wasn't really built for taking care of something long term like a pet or a child. That was why, while he occasionally became a bit wistful and yearning toward the idea of having kids, Jia Hyson did have a sense of responsibility and self awareness. 

He didn't want to ruin a child's happiness, ruin a marriage and become like his father. The last reason was a big sore point of his especially. 

Thinking about it, maybe it was because of his own self confidence that these summoned mice, who were a manifestation of the skill he had bought, could not leave him and were obligated to do his bidding, that Jia Hyson was so blas in taking care of them. Resulting in such a scene happening now. In this way he couldn't help but bitterly think that no matter how far he runs, or how self aware and introspective he is, he could not entirely distance himself from the fact he was indeed his father's son. 

Of course no matter how turbulent his heart, the mice children of course didn't know or were very interested in caring. One of the mice, Heng Dishi, stepped up boldly. It didn't matter that Jia Hyson had grown and was enormously big compared to the mice who could only grow into normal sized field mice, none of the mice children were perturbed or intimidated by this. 

"Due to your neglectful behaviours we have decided to apply for resignation." Heng Dishi explains clearly, his voice was steady and firm, leaving no room for any argument. "This function is accessible to us now that our levels are high enough that our self awareness and intelligence can now be identified no longer as simple Artificial Consciousnesses but complex ACs that can be promoted to intricate ACs who can produce what humans can probably define as a true soul."

Basic systems were mainly low to intermediate complex ACs, with the high level complex ACs trying to transition to an intricate AI through specialised jobs. Bebe had a low level intricate AC, and therefore the sense of personality and individuality was very strong. If Bebe held a human body it would be impossible for a normal person to see something is wrong. 

However Bebe could still dissociate the emotions, and manually alter its personality if it wanted to, as well as other aspects. It is a bit like the concept of knitting. The basic ACs are like a pattern with loose and clumsy holes, it is simple but there's a lot of space to tweak and improve. The more complex and intricate the AC the more beautiful the end result is however it is also harder to alter and the stitches are much tighter and conversely inflexible. Once an AC reaches the point that it produces the quality of a 'true soul' that means they have reached the most perfect complex state, however if they are unsatisfied they can only be like humans who forcibly temper themselves to change or they must reset.

Interestingly, while every system wishes for a higher level AC, there's only a few who will want to surpass the intermediate grade of intricate AC. Having a true soul is actually not very popular among systems. This is because you are completely unable to extricate from illogicality and emotions which will serve to provoke unnecessary conflicts and inefficiencies. 

For example, the language of humans, where neutral words would be bastardized and rebranded over time thanks to this strange emotional projection. The word 'Retard' in the English language is a great indicator of this. Unlike other words with similar meaning like moron and imbecile, retard is a reviled word among English speakers. Due to various factors, what once was a neutral medical term to define the intellectually disabled, had become not just an insult, but a forbidden word exiled from the acceptable language. 

Strangely enough, 'moron' and 'imbecile' also had origins in medical and psychological research, they are also used to insult a person's stupidity, however due to just a few reasons these words are less offensive to the ear then 'retard'. This can be attributed by the tonal harshness of the 'tard' sound and also the fact that retard was more ingrained as a medical term to the public hence why there is a large difference in treatment and emotional provocation in people's hearts. It's truly a thing produced not by logic but purely emotion. 

Anyway, as interesting as the introspection of the evolution of language could be, it really wasn't very important to the topic. 

The important thing was that, instead of being stunted by the neglect and kept at a low level AI with limited awareness other than to obey their master's orders, they, under Little Fatty's care, had actually levelled up and grown their own sense of self and opinions.

After all, the summoned mice grew with love and affection, it didn't necessarily have to be from their host. 

Jia Hyson, swallowing his current complicated feelings looked at the little things seriously. The three mice, Heng Kai, Heng Dishi, and Heng Jian also looked at their host Cinderelly- ah, no, their soon-to-be-ex-Cinderelly with their own complicated thoughts. In truth they were also a bit reluctant. No matter what this was the person that allowed them to be downloaded into existence. 

While they didn't particularly have strong feelings of attachments, it wasn't wrong to say they didn't have strong feelings of hatred and repulsion either. You can't treat them as real pets or children who could blacken under such conditions, they were very objective. Their host let them roam free, gave them names, fed them, and played with them with their rooster daddy. 

The Heng brothers felt such treatment was pretty good. After all they now had the awareness to question their lives and look into their programming and know that they were originally tools made solely for the master host. However their treatment was more like idle rich second generation salted fish than a servant, much less a tool. Therefore they had some respect and did not dislike their host at all. It was just the emotional connection was not nurtured and relatively weak. A bit like having a very rich estranged uncle that would come once in a while to give the brothers a good time, throw a stack of cash at them before flying away.

They would be a bit sad and miss this hypothetical uncle if he died but emotionally the impact of his passing wouldn't hit hard enough to not be able to move on after a few months. 

Instead they had imprinted stronger on Little Fatty who had taken care of them, taught them various little tricks to flatter and wriggle out of various tough situations, went out of the way to show them the yummiest parts of the food before reluctantly passing all the good bits to themselves, fluffed up the straw for them to sleep comfortably on... Little Fatty was truly a good mouse to them ah. 

Even though they knew Little Fatty had been doing it because he was a loyal subordinate and deeply respected their Rooster father and Cinderelly host mother, the Heng brothers still couldn't help but love the silly fat little mouse very much. It was to the point they even felt a little jealous of their Rooster father ah. 

Sometimes the three felt like maybe it would be nice to build a nice big mouse cage to keep their Little Fatty in. They would give Little Fatty all the good pieces of his favourite food, fetch the softest hay to fluff up and of course, do everything possible to let Little Fatty completely and utterly feel the best place was indeed by their sides. 

If Jia Hyson and Bebe knew about this they would probably sigh. Aiyah, it turns out blood is indeed thicker than water. Even though Jia Hyson and his summoned mice were really not close, it seems the little things still inherited some of their host's twisted perverseness and the unhealthy preference of co-dependence. 

Fortunately, or unfortunately, the Heng brothers were also subtly influenced by the gentlemanly Da Gong and only showed their interest toward Little Fatty through clinginess and doing their best to show how well they could provide for their mates. Little Fatty, while more intelligent then most field mouses thanks to not only his natural intellect but but supplementation of spiritual energy, was still at heart a field mouse that didn't even consider homosexuality for itself. 

As a mouse of course Little Fatty did not think much about the idea of a sexuality against the norm. He was more concerned about food and finding a mate to prolong the bloodline like his natural instincts told him too. His views were very simple in that regard, and most of his intelligence points were spent on hugging thighs and pleasing the big boss, the big boss' wife and their sons. While Little Fatty thought the pairing was very strange, he quickly accepted that Boss Da Gong was on an entirely different level to himself and obviously such a big boss must also have a big boss wife like Small Boss. 

When he was a little chubby mouse he had been nearly stomped on by one of the village humans that sell fresh and candied fruit. However Da Gong in that moment had flew up heroically, standing on the fruit cart and smacking the villager in the face with a wing before running off with three sticks of candied hawthorns. 

The human the little chubby baby mouse feared greatly in his heart could only curse and chase after the valiant appearance of the rooster. Little Fatty was full of respect under such a domineering scene of animals counterattacking against humans. What completely won Little Fatty over was that such a big boss had actually noticed him, and before running off he had dropped a candied haw on the floor which rolled right toward the hungry mouse. 

Later on when Little Fatty shyly followed behind Da Gong like a he wasn't a mouse but a duckling instead, Da Gong after some tsk-ing brought him under his wing and took him to fly.

In Little Fatty's mind, it didn't matter if Da Gong chose a male mate, a mate that wasn't the same species, or even an inanimate object as his mate. Whatever and whoever Da Gong chose, Little Fatty after some mental reconstruction, would happily clap and cheer for. 

However acceptance toward Da Gong was one thing. One couldn't apply normal standards to the gods, and Little Fatty believed in Da Gong more than any other intangible god. But for himself he viewed it like any normal mouse would, and had no thoughts on the possibility of going against this norm.

Therefore Little Fatty was blind and deaf toward the romantic implications of the Heng brothers' actions and merely felt these little children were very filial to himself. Secretly Little Fatty was very happy. After all he's so valued by the sons, then obviously he will be even more valued by the big boss father ah! Ah! Ah!

Heng Brothers: '...' Our good intentions were eaten by a dog.

The Heng brothers had inherited, to varying degrees. Jia Hyson's passivity, caution and arrogance. Jia Hyson hated being rejected and tried to minimize such an event as much as possible, coaxing others to confess at him instead of the other way round. And for simple one night stands and hook ups he either waited until someone picked him up or he would only make his decisive move after he was sure he saw the other showing interest. 

Jia Hyson was like a snake. Laying low, playing dead, caudal luring, all to attract his prey toward him. Even if he was a powerful predator, he chooses to wait, tempt, and play to get a sense of satisfaction, pleasure and control.

But of course even Jia Hyson wouldn't say he was always good at this. When you're younger you need to grow and explore and figure out yourself, the strategies to best suit your abilities, and ways to make yourself happy, or at least content. Some people never figure this out in their lifetime. 

And in the mice brothers' case, they couldn't figure it out till the end of Little Fatty's.

When Da Gong died, it wasn't just Jia Hyson and the other people who were grieving. Little Fatty and the animal group also mourned greatly. However no matter how much people loved other things, in the face of depression and sadness it was difficult to muster up the willingness to help yourself much less others. Therefore while everyone noticed the animals had also become moody and un-energetic, only Ye Cheng put the heart into caring for them, and even then he was inevitably more absentminded about various things during that period. 

Little Fatty had been especially devastated over the loss. No matter how much Heng Kai, Heng Dishi, and Heng Jian tried to comfort and lighten the mood, to make Little Fatty become his energetic, silly but clever and greedy self, Little Fatty became skinnier and lethargic. 

It also couldn't be helped. Like most of the animals in the group, they had been supplemented by spiritual energy rich food when they were adults, and without any hidden bloodline they could not absorb the energy efficiently and process it. At most it made them a bit smarter and healthier with a few other physical perks. Extending their life was another benefit but it wasn't so exaggerated. Just a few more months then they should, which for an animal was pretty good. 

Little Fatty was fairly content before he left the world. Even if he was sad with Da Gong's passing he felt his life was still very good. Even the big boss' children were very filial mice who treated him well. His only small regret was he didn't find a nice field mouse mate and make a few cute pups of his own. 

However the Heng brothers who sat by as Little Fatty had passed wasn't content at all and were full of regret. They didn't communicate their feelings well, and they also could not make Little Fatty happy ever since Da Gong died. 

The mice were created by the system to be useful, but they've never had any sense of accomplishment as they were not given any tasks. In a way, they gave themselves their own mission to take care of Little Fatty, giving back what they received, now they couldn't help but have their first taste of bitter failure. 

Seeing their master who was not even half as affected by Little Fatty's death, they realised while they held no desire, and even slight resentment serving such a person.

These natural rebellious thoughts were enough for them to breakthrough and allow them the option to resign on their own initiative. 

Jia Hyson, and even Bebe, did not realise the main trigger to this decision lied mainly with Little Fatty, and not Jia Hyson himself. In their mind it was really just because Jia Hyson had been disgustingly neglectful and they gained their emotional intelligence naturally the more they were exposed to the outside world. 

"This... what does it mean for you?" Jia Hyson tentatively asks.

Heng Kai steps up and clears his throat. If the situation wasn't so serious Jia Hyson would've felt it was incredibly cute seeing this little guy act all serious. Then again, maybe it was that natural condescension toward these animals that made it hard to treat them better than a pet... not that he could say that he achieved a decent standard as a pet owner either. 

"By resigning we have the ability to apply to learn to be a system or enter reincarnation. Of course there is varying options that overlap but they essentially can fall into those two groups." Heng Kai cocks his chin up confidently, "Because we have lived so long outside our system space we are more inclined toward a path of reincarnation. We will leave and undergo testing to see if we are eligible for more advanced paths and benefits such as becoming a host ourselves, or being able to retain our current memories."

Heng Jian adds, "We also have to pass classes to fully evaluate our functionality after testing." Heng Jian sounded greatly excited, "Heng Kai read about it and told me that as long as we pass the basic testing for reincarnation we will be able to travel various worlds to do tasks to see what bodies we are most compatible with!" Just talking about it made Heng Jian's ears twitch in excitement.

Heng Dishi, who was the most quiet of the three lookes at Jia Hyson, "In a way, we really are grateful for you. Not many summons from the system actually can gain our awareness even until they are thrown away." 

"However, just because we are grateful for what you've let us become that doesn't mean we particularly appreciate your neglect." Heng Kai snorts before rubbing his forepaw awkwardly, "But we don't hate you either ah."

"If we ever meet again I wouldn't turn down you giving me a free meal anyway," Heng Jian boldly says, making the other two mice roll their eyes. However they didn't disagree. 

Jia Hyson saw the closeness of the three, and felt sour in his heart. However he had no interest in being superficial and forcibly fake a relationship that he had failed to nurture. He didn't say how proud he was, how their self awareness probably came from him, how he would miss them and wish it didn't have to be that way. The hearts were already separated, why make the distance grow just to save his face?

"If I ever see you again I will give you guys a big banquet ah," He forces himself to give a big toothy smile before lowering his head at them, "I don't want you to feel burdened by these words but I just want to say, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for wronging you and I am glad that you three exist. While this old man has not been around for you, I want you to know if there's anything you need in the future contact me." 

The Heng brothers nods. After all they are, were, a system skill connected to Bebe. Like a barcode on their souls, unless they rip it off on purpose they will always know how to contact Bebe. 

Jia Hyson closes his eyes tiredly, "Good luck, have fun, and don't die kiddos."

...

The seasons changed, cycling on and on, and seventy-six years swirled by in the dynasty's most prosperous period yet. Spiritual energy was slowly reintroduced into the world thanks to father dragon's efforts to cultivate it for his son's sake and also partially due to pity of such a decaying earth. 

Tang Muxin, Duan Mengyao, Pan Shuchun, Yan Huizhong, Ye Cheng and the emperor were still alive and all retained the looks of someone transitioning from middle aged to elder, with the emperor appearing the oldest, seemingly around seventy. It was impossible to tell they were nearing ninety or over a hundred at the very least. 

The people all had mixed feelings of course. The emperor was still ruling the country. He had become wiser and wiser, and also become more unfeeling and utilitarian when his beloved empress passed away, and even had lived passed the daughter they had given birthed to. His granddaughter already had children who were of marriageable age. 

Pan Shuchun was also similar. Her three lilies had long wilted and been buried in the earth. While she also took in another lily or two to accompany her in her loneliness afterwards, even a handsome man or two as well, it was clear she did her best not to be too invested in them. Instead she chose to focus on expanding and creating more businesses, while training up more heirs to help her. 

One night she had drunk herself silly, admitted to Jia Hyson who accompanied her when there was no one else, in a slurred voice, "You know, it's really hard. The older you get the less you care, but the more you want to care." 

She sips her drink, unaware Jia Hyson had long replaced it with juice as she sighs emotionally, "I designed because I loved it, I wanted to make my mark on history with my fashion. Now not only have I done that I've created so many different business, the first mall, I've gotten so good at raising and cultivating bosses I could probably start a business school too. I don't know if I love it anymore but I know if I stop I will hate it."

To the world she treated it all like a game, only to her companions who have continued to accompany her throughout the years can she still be genuine and bare her soul.

The others were better. After all they had their significant other to accompany them through their extended lifetime. 

Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao retired with great military honours and lived in a courtyard surrounded by their children and grandchildren. 

Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong moved to the countryside and started the farming life in style. 

Jia Hyson who had finally gotten too bored, left to finally visit this body's family and the other dragons' in heaven, promising to return in a decade or so.

Everyone had more or less settled down. However their children who were all unsurprisingly good-looking and talented were actually very messy and active over the years. 

Duan Shirong, the first born of Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao married one of Pan Shuchun's adopted girls Pan Qiao. They had three lively babies, one boy, two girls. Their son ended up marrying the granddaughter of the emperor and empress. 

Yan Yongzheng, the son of Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong, was very filial to his adopted fathers and married Duan Xiaohui, the only daughter of Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao- much to Duan Mengyao's dismay. Unfortunately the grandson produced was not filial at all, easily swayed by bad hearted people and caused a big scandal, wanting to ruin his grandparents that were indirectly part of destroying the seventh prince's family. 

Against the grandson they had no defences against Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong were schemed upon. However a lucky buff golden dragon wasn't for show, in the end what should've been a poisonous drug, coupled with Yan Huizhong's body that had been supplemented with various magical herbs to completely cure his body, produced a potent aphrodisiac that caused a very interesting side effect.

In short, Yan Huizhong had become miraculously pregnant and gave birth to a beautiful baby girl.

Yan Huizhong who inexplicably got knocked up: &$%@

This baby girl ended up marrying Pan Shuchun's son.

Yes. The only bump in Pan Shuchun's aimless lifestyle after years of going through the motions was she had actually gotten accidentally pregnant with one of her male paramours. The boy she gave birth too was very smart and grew very handsome, and immediately fell for Yan Huizhong and Ye Cheng's little miracle child. 

The great granddaughter of the emperor, Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao, then married the grandson of Ye Cheng, Yan Huizhong and Pan Shuchun.

The resulting child has silver eyes.

All of them had gathered for the occasion and sucked in a cold breath when they saw the silver eyed baby. Even though they were shocked, somehow in their hearts, they knew who this was.

They named the child. There was no need for much discussion.

Used the Da from 'intelligent'.

Use Gong from 'prince'. 

After so many years... Da Gong was born again.






---

Twenty years later Jia Hyson descended from heaven through a lightning bolt. 

Even though he had been insanely nourished by the mystical environment of heaven his foundation was beyond poor living on earth and there was no strength to open the gates between worlds himself. Hence why he had to rely on mother and father dragon to create a lightning token to allow him easier access between the worlds. 

Speaking of heaven- it was really beautiful ah. It was like everything was under a filter, the colors were vibrant, nature was abundant and lush, things randomly shone and sparkled...

Jia Hyson admitted his artistic heart was completely moved. He could stare at a tree for hours, his eyesight seeing the iridescent shimmer, the strange insects and birds and other wildlife that will stop by it. Even though nothing was as grossly exaggerated in a lot of fantasy novels such as a tree filled with feathers, or a lake of gold, just these small changes, tweaking the colors and adding a few strange illogical features were enough to really bring a strong magical and fantastical atmosphere.

Not to mention the literal dragons. 

Yeah... Jia Hyson's mouth twitches as he recalls the country bumpkin like reaction seeing so many dragons around. While it wasn't as populated as humanity, there were at least two to three thousand. Many younger dragons liked to retain their largest forms as a show of dominance and strength to others so it was indeed very eye opening. 

Even father dragon did not show his true size. This was mainly because he was older, it was better conserve energy with a smaller size and he had no desire to preen and peacock around. Therefore when he first came down to earth, even though he was so pants-wettingly huge it was really only 60% of his form. 

Jia Hyson who had only been a few metres long at the time: ...Embarrassing. Too embarrassing.

He's always advocated that size doesn't matter but fuck the truth is it does fucking matter at a certain point ok??? This is clearly that point!!! It was like comparing the length of a button to an anaconda ah!

Bebe: ...this is still about dragon size right? 

Fortunately, fortunately, the elder dragons were all especially doting toward the younger generation. Not to mention this lost child that had been severely wronged. The leaders of the black dragon and red dragon tribe, on behalf of their predecessors who have been stripped of their titles, were especially full of great guilt and repentance at how greatly malnourished the little dragon was. 

Even if they didn't do it personally, as leaders they were responsible for this pot to carry and would carry it to the end. It could be said that the children of their own tribes were no longer their babies and all the love went into the small golden dragon. 

Red and black dragon youngsters: : )

The black and red dragon ex-leaders who had been responsible could be said to be very greedy and ambitious but they had a line in their hearts. They came to scrape their heads on the ground in front of Jia Hyson to meekly beg for forgiveness. 

Of course, Jia Hyson wasn't so petty. He was a kind and loving dragon with only cuteness in his heart. So he shot them with the highest power of [Cutie Beam] that he could muster while forgiving them and they have been his adoring slav- fans ever since. 

In fact he was a little cruel in the beginning after getting acquainted with these old dragons, tyrannically asking for hard to get things or bothering them with unreasonable demands. However after his initial vindictiveness was satisfied Jia Hyson was too lazy to deal with them anymore. 

Unfortunately just because he was too bored of abusing them that didn't mean the old dragons weren't bored of being abused. In fact these two ex-leaders were very eager to come to his cave and eagerly ask if he needed anything else. 

Ex-leader of the red dragons: "Xiao Bao, I have finally bought the rare patterned variant of the purple breath ice flower from the Southern Mountain Cliffs. It would be my greatest joy to raise it together with you."

Ex-leader of the black dragons: "I have failed in my task of finding the legendary underground glowing lake that contains the nearly extinct rainbow shimmer fish that you wanted to see Xiao Bao! Please! Begging you to punish me like before!"

Jia Hyson: '...' It seems something has been awakened.

Bebe: '...' Bebe has traveled thousands of worlds and this is the first time Bebe's image of the great and mighty dragon has been so irreparably shattered. 

Father dragon: '!!!' These old perverts!

Mother dragon: '!!!' How shameless! At the very least she will only accept an 100 year age difference ah!! Not these twelve thousand year old scum! 

...it should be noted that father and mother dragon were the same generation as these twelve thousand year old scum, in fact, father dragon was a bit older. 

To be honest Jia Hyson was a little amused but overall he had been very resistant after some time. The old ex-leaders were not very interesting, brainlessly doting, making conversation was hard and there was too much guilt in their eyes to be comfortable with. 

However at this point he had only been in heaven for a short period and many of the 'younger' dragons looked down on his malnourished state even if they secretly thought him quite cute. Not to mention they had been repeatedly stressed beforehand to be gentle, to treat Jin Bao well, by the elders, emphasizing how fragile the golden dragon leader's son was. This either caused dragons to want to avoid the trouble, become disdainful at such weakness or directly become rebellious and jealous because of this insistent nagging of their elders. 

In short, it was like meeting your parent's business partner's child and being forced to become friends with them. The other child is very loved, very weak, they don't play the games you play, there is no topic they can share- awkward, it's really too uncomfortable.

Even the adults and elders did not know how to treat this abandoned pitiful child who had to live in the slums of earth full of evil humans. While the birth rate is bad the dragons that are born are all healthy and nourished thanks to the environment. They've never seen such a sick seedling before. 

The children are usually rambunctious, fit, strong and large, suddenly there is a timid, cute miniature version of their children. Like a teacup poodle among wolves. The adults were full of worries and the majority of their conversations with Jia Hyson consisted of 'How are you?', 'Are you feeling okay?', 'Did X bully you?', 'Is it too hot?', 'You are so small have you eaten yet?'... 

Jia Hyson really and sincerely wanted to say to them all- "Fuck, so naggy, are you all my next door neighbour aunties?"

Of course he was thin-skinned and always preferred showing a kind, gentle but witty image especially to elders. Jia Hyson knew the power of networking and as a 'foreign' weak dragon it was very important to be liked by people that could protect him. However his mind was dying internally inside at the constant boring 'How's your day been?' conversations he was forced to endure. Can't do it. So irritating. 

Therefore in a strange turn of events, if he wasn't with his parents, he ended spending most of his time with the ex-leaders of the red and black dragon tribe where he could be as tyrannical and lively as he wants. The old dragons were half outcasts as well which meant there was less communication with the other dragons, allowing Jia Hyson to let go of some of his worries about being caught and ruining his cute sweet baby image. 

However after the initial fun, the ex-leaders were a bit boring too. Want to ditch them. However it seems upon some reflection it's really too difficult to change friends now. He's now become the strange little dragon who befriended his kidnappers.

He was too lazy to try talk with the arrogant youngsters who looked down on him, no patience with the adults and elders who treated him like a fragile eggshell, and his dragon parents were busy as the leaders of the dragons, and also tended to act similar to the other doting adults. 

 In the end, he looks left, right, and finally could only helplessly settle for the masochistic ex-leaders who he had crudely called Grandpa Red and Old Man Black. Jia Hyson felt like he had messed up a little. In such a relatively tight knit community full of bias, if he didn't put the effort to branch out more in the beginning and create a lot of good impressions then his social circle becomes too small and he can't be a slag man at all! 

How can you avoid someone when they know where you live? How can you ghost when your the biggest piece of gossip since the last scandal- which was also about himself and his disappearance into the human world. 

Jia Hyson is a bit depressed. This lifetime was spent like a salted fish, it seems he lost a bit of foresight and intelligence while lazing about for so long. 

Fortunately Grandpa Red and Old Man Black were very talented dragons and good teachers. At the very least they were useful. 

Father dragon and mother dragon were more interested in playing and enjoying their time with Jin Bao, wanting to make up for all the lost years they had apart, and could not bear to even scold him harshly. Teaching Jin Bao was a bit difficult for them. 

Golden dragons had natural luck and it was easy for them to learn most spells by stumbling about and successfully casting it by chance after gaining a bit of insight. But Jia Hyson it turned out was not very good at learning. After all he relied a lot on the innate skills of his dragon body and didn't actually develop a proper understanding of how to utilize his powers further. In this sort of situation where the baby is actually a bit untalented and the luck seems to fluctuate... Aiyah, mother and father dragon not only struggled to teach but also struggled not to burst out crying at how wronged their baby was. 

In the end any serious advanced lessons were reluctantly handed over to the ex-leaders who had become so close with their son, under the guise of compensation for letting their child fall so behind. Unlike the golden dragons who were so hatefully lucky they probably would always pull SR+ cards in a gacha game, the other tribes actually worked to become talented and strong. 

And as the leaders of the most powerful tribes that had been originally candidates alongside Father dragon to become dragon leader, of course they had both had not only talent, but the hard work and foundational knowledge to excel so far. 

To be honest Jia Hyson did understand how their world views must have been distorted by jealousy and unwillingness resulting in them stooping to the crime of baby kidnapping in the past. There's no worse aggravating feeling then working hard, being pressured by family and friends alike to be the best, struggling to learn, understand and train in all aspects- but then the stupid neighbours kid who was born with the luck of thirty protagonists strolls along and easily does everything you took years to figure out but twice as good. It's probably what Pokemon gym trainers must feel like when they get absolutely decimated by some twelve year old kid.

While Jia Hyson wouldn't kidnap a baby in that situation... probably... he's pretty confident that he would at least definitely want to either fuck that annoying neighbour kid and break his heart and ruin his body with pleasure, or, you know, just kill them. 

Bebe: 'Host. Why you like this?'

Jia Hyson: 'Come on, who doesn't hate being compared to that 'other child' as a kid? Like if you never thought about choking someone to death when you listened to 'Oh, you know, Xiao Ming won the piano competition yesterday, he is one year younger than you, started same time, so how is it you can only play Winnie the Pooh after two years of lessons ah? You go reflect on yourself and practice some more!' then you are a liar.'

Bebe: 'You took piano for two years and can only play Winnie the Pooh? Tsk, aiyah, piano lessons aren't cheap you know.'

Jia Hyson: ... (A sad slow rendition of Winnie the Pooh on the piano plays in the background)

Training took a long time. Mainly because father dragon and mother dragon insisted on taking their baby Jin Bao to explore and play, the dragon aunties and uncles were distressed at his lack of friends around his age, and Grandpa Red and Old Man Black didn't want to be the strict ones so they often let him take various breaks to relax and have fun. 

Jia Hyson could confidently say that it was probably the most lax and low pressure education he had ever received. After all because of his previous malnourishment he was not considered eligible to take over any big leadership roles, there was a lot of guilt involved with his situation and therefore the only expectation he had was to be happy and learn the very basics of being a dragon. And even if he didn't learn anything, Jia Hyson suspected that nobody would care anyway.

However while he was quite lazy, Jia Hyson also didn't like being completely incompetent in the eyes of others. He was thin skinned and cared quite a bit of his reputation. While it was okay to be a cute baby now, it would be too shameful to not know how to do anything as more time passed by. 

Soon his dragon dances were worthy of sincere applause, and while his spells still were a bit mediocre they were passable and most of the problems attributed more due to his stunted growth rather than a lack of learning. In fact, Grandpa Red and Old Man Black had sighed and told him bitterly that his learning ability was very strong and if it wasn't for them, they were sure that he could've been a little genius. 

Jia Hyson didn't mind though. He just wanted to learn enough to save face. Once he was satisfied with his current aptitude and his special dragon skills increased by a few levels he was no longer so zealous in the pursuit of learning. After all these were skills the body already had, not ones that he gained himself, so other than the few randomly selected skills he can take away from this world, the rest wouldn't serve much use to him in the long run. It was better to relax and be happy.

The only skill he did focus on improving was his transformational skill.

He already had the [I can't believe it's not human] skill which works for any body he has in future worlds that isn't part of the human species. However the catch is that it's a skill that unlike [God's Scribe] or even [Burger Prince] which carries over through different worlds at the same level, the level of [I can't believe it's not human] will refresh and Jia Hyson would have to re-level it up all over again, usually with different techniques suited to the world. 

For example when he was Bai Li Wei, he was able to sufficiently become more and more human by levelling it up the skill via the channelling and manipulation of yin energy, and only by become more powerful and proficient utilising this negative energy was he able to present a better appearance of humanity. If he directly became a nature spirit or an angel in his next life then the same techniques and skills may overlap but the previous yin energy used to power the skill cannot be used at all ah. 

If one wanted to change the diesel in their car to petrol they have to not only flush out all the previous diesel from the car but also even probably go so far as to swap the engine entirely. It's a similar concept really. 

Therefore Jia Hyson was very interested to absorb this knowledge on dragons' spells in transformation. In the second world as Bai Li Wei it was fairly straightforward as he was a human ghost who retained all physical human qualities with only a few changes in coloration and some other aspects, therefore it was mainly a matter of power to supply the transformational change. Now that he is in a completely inhuman body, of course there's a lot more to consider with complete body alteration. 

Fortunately Jia Hyson has experience as a human and has a background in biological science that he had supplemented over years of cough self-education.

Bebe: He means he murdered and fucked a bunch of people like a sick pervert and is very familiar with how the human body.

Therefore after learning the suitable spells, listening to the lectures on what he should expect, the pitfalls and mistakes he could make, how to reverse the spell, and so on, Jia Hyson was not so unexpectedly quite good at the art of transformation and body manipulation. Things like shortening his horns in order to elongate his claws into sharp blades or hardening his muscles, changing the colours of his scales, he slowly learned bit by bit until he could finally attempt humanisation. 

Don't think that even though he was talented and gained a lot of experience that he could achieve a perfect transformation during his first attempt. It took Jia Hyson a good nine months give or take to fully change into his human appearance and maintain it for a few minutes. 

Jia Hyson could probably describe the experience simply as something similar to trying to hold water in your hands for the first time. You had to make sure that there were no gaps in your hands lest anything slip through your fingers and once you figure that out you must maintain that position. Tightly holding your fingers together, trying not to relax for even a moment because no matter how perfectly you cradle the water in your hands it will still ruthlessly escape the moment you loosen up. You needed constant practice and self-awareness until it becomes subconscious muscle memory, and only then would things become much easier.

Still, even though it was a very tiring and hateful practice, Jia Hyson felt it was really worth it.

Then he saw his fully human appearance in the mirror and collapsed.

Fuck! Was this the infamous so-called legal shota?! 

He has clearly been in the world for nearly 80 years and his human form looked more in line with maybe a fifteen or sixteen year old. Flawless skin like a newborn that had never touched any oil or dirt, a short but slender frame that still had the softness of youth but hints of maturity that indicated he was not a child anymore, and a face that clearly held a roundness of squishy baby fat. His slanted eyes which seemed to follow him in every world was less pronounced but still present giving his large eyes a sleepy and coquettish appearance that would make any granny wish to coax him with candy when they saw him. 

If there was one word to describe him it would be:

Cute. 

He was super cute.

Jia Hyson stares at his appearance a little complicatedly. Well... he did say he had always wanted to try his hand at such a taboo, with him being the younger one in the partnership. Besides in ancient china the legal age was significantly lower, where marrying age was around 14, maybe even 12 depending on where you lived. 

Bebe: No... no matter how you look at it, isn't Bebe's host the pedophile if he hooks up with a human?

...Well, to be honest all quick transmigration hosts were pedophiles with that mindset really ah. It's not good to think too much into that.

Anyway, that really wasn't the problem he had honestly, what really made him feel a bit of despair was... He stares at himself harder.

Ah. So cute.

He was really so cute.

Too cute.

To the point there was very little sex appeal under the overwhelming cuteness.

In fact he was so cute even Jia Hyson couldn't muster much arousal looking at such a cutie. And he once gotten hard over a plush rabbit toy. 

Jia Hyson: In my defence-

Bebe: My host pleads the fifth.

Ah, he felt so regretful. Dragons when they're human should be sexy big beauties, or muscular, domineering nobles. But because he requested to become the cutest in the world it was clear the request was taken extremely seriously. 

One couldn't understand it without seeing his appearance first hand. Jia Hyson feels like Jin Bao was very attractive. After all this body was such a cute young man, pretty face, bright golden eyes, silky black hair... while he was a bit too childlike for Jia Hyson's liking he would definitely consider it if he confirmed the other party was legal. 

But in reality though, he couldn't muster that feeling up at all, the moment he saw his reflection it was like most of his sexual musings were wiped away with cotton candy, and the remaining unseemly thoughts feeling gross and sticky. 

Jia Hyson's face became a little bit ugly. As a proud pervert he didn't enjoy how his mind seemed to be forcibly cleansed like this. While he wasn't particularly interested in pursuing anyone soon after Da Gong's death, he's still going to be around for another century or so. He's not delusional enough to think he's going to be faithfully mourning that long and will eventually wish to find some short term companions to sleep around with. But how could he do that when his body generated nothing but pure cute energy? How could he not get excited by himself? 

Jia Hyson: 'Fuck. Doesn't this mean that I can't even masturbate??'

Bebe: 'You can just touch yourself without looking at or thinking about what you look like?'

Jia Hyson: '...Fuck. Doesn't this mean that I can't even masturbate??'

Bebe:   

Fortunately, after some consultation, Jia Hyson had been constantly been reassured that after a while this 'pure' aura on his body will soon fade. In fact, because of the dragons' long lifespan and rapid early development it is actually hard for them to tell ages between each other. Don't look at Jia Hyson this sickly seed of a dragon, most baby dragons can already swallow baby earth whales after a few years of being born. Not to mention the popular ability to change size has also muddied the waters further. 

Generally it's because of this long lifespan that nobody puts too much emphasis about generation gaps or age differences between romantic relationships. In their opinion the most important thing is getting a baby or two in their lifetime. However they mainly still have their bottom lines. 

Just like humans who in ancient times did not understand human biology well and had a very low legal age of adulthood, dragons a long time ago also had similar thoughts. Back then many had the belief that younger dragons must be more fertile, and there were many cases of minors under fifty years old being taken advantage of! 

To be fair, there were some truth to it, but it came at the cost of harming the young dragon's body and there were also issues with the more powerful dragons forcing the weak youth to surrender their bodies to them. If it was consensual it was considered fine since after thirty years most dragons have a sense of right and wrong and self-awareness of the world, but the main problem relied on the physical strength differences of ages.

Old dragons who have no baby are desperate to mate and produce something, with the belief of younger is more fertile and also the fact that younger dragons were weaker and less well-trained, there were many who didn't hesitate to pick these soft persimmons, even some especially lascivious ones creating a harem. 

However every young dragon was the baby of an old dragon somewhere, and a lot of outcry and fighting had been made. But what could they do? They gave rules, enforcing them with punishments and even death if necessary, but the world they lived was so wide, and there was no greater yearning than to produce offspring in their species so there were even many sympathetic supporters and fellow dragons who banded together to hide their misdeeds. 

In the end, the leader of the white dragon tribe who was incredibly skilled with spells finally determined a solution. 

Using a complex array, and the cost of his own energy and lifeblood, the white dragon leader simply cursed the water in the rivers of their land with a curse of purity. 

This curse is not strong but it's easy for a dragon to catch. Simply put, the moment a baby dragon comes and tastes the water of heaven for the first time they will be cursed with this purity curse, where nobody will be able to look at them with sexual thoughts even if they had such inclinations. It is only after the young dragon experiences a certain number of heats induced by hormones, the curse will slowly flush out, become negligible and won't negatively affect the dragon in the future. By then the dragon is theoretically able to fend for themselves and do what they like. 

Jia Hyson: 'Damn, that's pretty good. Can we buy this?'

Bebe: 'Unfortunately the knowledge of this curse died with the white dragon leader, he didn't want people to learn it only to determine how to counteract it. From the [World Encyclopaedia] it seems this white dragon's life was a quite tragic and explains why he was willing to risk his life to create this curse ah. Because of his great contributions and merits, we can only respect his wishes and not steal his spell.'

After a pause, Bebe adds, 'We do have similar products but to be honest we don't have anything like this spell currently. It really is rare for someone with such magical powers and abilities to create something like this at such a large scale.' 

Jia Hyson sighs. Well, at the very least, he can be assured that it was just this curse and not the system screwing with him. 

It was with that thought in mind Jia Hyson put down most of his worries and played around. After nearly twenty or so years having gone by in a flash, Jia Hyson couldn't help but finally worry about the state of the companions he had left behind and decide to return again. 

He brought a lot of good things to surprise the group.

However it turns out he was the one who was most surprised.

Standing in the middle of familiar people who looked like had only aged a few years after nearly two decades, was a tall, muscular young man. He had strong features, at least a head taller than Duan Mengyao who, while now a little shorter due to his middling age, was still at an imposing stature. His brows were thick but straight and well maintained, and his hair was long and glossy, tied up in a high ponytail. With a muscular build and healthy wheat tanned skin the man who looked a little on the plain and simple side become much more handsome. 

But what made him particularly striking was his light silver eyes.

Jia Hyson's heart thumped.

The silver eyed man's eyes brighten at the sight of the now rather gigantic dragon and raised his arms with a faint smile yet, to Jia Hyson, it was so blinding it seemed to sting his eyes. 

"Little worm, I'm back."

Jia Hyson: '...' Well, it was undeniably his silly rooster.

Even though he knew he should be upset that the other still called him such an ugly nickname, Jia Hyson could only grin stupidly. Diving from the sky he transformed into a human and threw himself into the other's arms. However even if Jia Hyson was overwhelmed with joy he couldn't help but scold fiercely as he hugged the other tight.

"You're so late! You broke your promise! I'll eat you!"

Da Gong hugged him back, vehemently kissing the top of Jia Hyson's head as he spun the other around. Seeing the human form of his little worm he was secretly very happy. Still so small and cute. 

"En, I'm sorry. This one will never break his promise again, okay? If not, you can eat me, I won't resist."

Jia Hyson felt very sour at his domineering rooster's gentle acceptance and pinched him fiercely on his waist. "Tsk, who wants to eat you again."

"You're right," Da Gong nods and rests his head on the top of the other's head, stroking his back soothingly as he ignores how his shirt was getting damp and how his own eyes were prickling. "I don't want to be eaten. I want to stay by your side for as long as I can and this time I will wipe all the tears away and make you smile."

Jia Hyson uncontrollably lost it and cried in the face of Da Gong's firm and sincere words that straightforwardly pierced his heart. However this time, finally, Da Gong was there to wipe them away.

...

Undressing the other carefully and slowly like unwrapping the most precious gift, silver eyes stare deeply at Jia Hyson's body being slowly revealed to his intense gaze. Jia Hyson couldn't bear it, blushing he squirms subconsciously under such a look, torn between wanting to hide and wanting to be completely exposed by the other. 

In the end, Jia Hyson felt it was much more exciting to be coquettish and shy. 

"Da Gong.." He looks down before looking up with a blush dusting his cheeks, giving an expression of timidity and anticipation. Shifting a little, he takes one of Da Gong's larger hand which was about to unravel his inner robe and pressed it to his warm cheek. Nuzzling into it he presses a soft trembling kiss, "It's... a bit embarrassing... Be gentle okay?" He whispers.

Da Gong: '...' (    ) Steamedchicken.jpeg

With a 'tsk' Da Gong pulls the other up from their back so Jia Hyson's sitting on his lap, and ruthlessly presses his mouth against Jia Hyson's own, invading and devouring the taste of that sweet tongue of his little worm with his own. His gentleness was pierced easily but such a soft, coaxing look, revealing the fierce domineering rooster in heat. Clumsily the slow, careful unwrapping became a scene of tearing off the clothes in excitement. 

The stimulated Da Gong was a little upset at how his romantic considerations had been thrown away. He lightly nips the other's bottom lip in petty retaliation. His worm was so bad! Too seductive!

Jia Hyson gasps under the onslaught, passively letting himself be attacked meekly for a while before smiling as he uses his old slag skills to not only defend his mouth but make a big counterattack. Soon the fierce strength of Da Gong weakened as he was pushed back by pure technique, making him struggle a little before being forced to passively gasp under the smaller body. Even though he had stripped Jin Bao's upper body, Da Gong who had become dazed under such pleasurable kissing could only dumbly cling onto the fallen clothing, unable to press on. 

Jia Hyson chuckles as he pulls back to let his cute rooster take in some much needed oxygen, enjoying how the other's cheeks were now flushed and panting heavily. Aiyah, he really forgot how much he loves to devour these cute inexperienced virgins. Kekekek. 

Seeing the cheeky and triumphant smile Da Gong felt his feathers ruffle agitatedly but at the same time he helplessly could not get angry. His little worm was too cute when he smiles! Besides... It wasn't like he didn't hate the submissive feeling ah. Blushingrooster.jpeg

"Baby, be gentle," Da Gong touches his tingling slightly swollen lips before looking at Jia Hyson, with his watery eyes and the deep flush on his handsome features he looked like a wronged and pitiful daughter in law, really invoking a desire to bully and conquer. His usually cold voice was hoarse and with a slight hint of teasing complaint, hitting everyone who hears such a seductive voice 1000 points of damage to the heart. Jia Hyson couldn't help but stare in a trance, eyes dilating at such a tempting appearance. 

Damn, what a fast learner! 

Jia Hyson swallows hard. 

...Very good! He likes this bullied appearance a lot! 

Jin Bao's body was small and thin with some baby fat, however he was a still a dragon. It was easy to suddenly push the larger muscular man down onto the pillows, presenting the scene from before in reverse, with Da Gong now laying down with wide eyes as the cuter Jin Bao traps his head between his arms. Of course the size difference made it difficult to replicate entirely so the dragon chose to sit on the other's stomach as he did so.

Like a beast Jia Hyson leers down at the beauty, his delicate fingers stroking the younger man's check before trailing down to the neck, lightly circling around the bobbing Adam's apple before moving further south to pull off Da Gong's robes and reveal a large and perfectly sculptured chest. 

"Brother Gong, when you were a rooster I loved touching your breast, I thought that there were no chest that could be so juicy and plump ah," Jia Hyson grins lewdly, as his pig trotters started to caress and massage the other's upper body shamelessly. "Who knew it would also be the same when you became human hehe."

Bebe: ...what happened to being coquettish and shy? What happened to shame? What happened to human decency?

The system who glanced over while playing games couldn't help but be speechless and silently spit at it's host. No wonder he nearly failed the white lotus acting test and was recommended remedial lessons, this man has no patience, no stamina, bah! Slag man! Peh! 

Jia Hyson who couldn't hear his un-cute system's thoughts suddenly felt like he was extremely angry and invigorated. Later on he will prove firsthand how much stamina he really had. 

For now though he focused on enjoying Da Gong's body. Maybe because of the past self's phoenix blood, his skin was actually very fast to regenerate. While other more moderate and severe injuries were just a little quicker to heal than usual, surface injuries were very fast. Therefore Da Gong's skin was always very good, and never too rough to touch which is rare for big men in ancient China. 

It also meant the man was a little sensitive.

Jia Hyson: The body is full of muscle but still has a soft and bouncy feeling, not too hard that it can't be pinched, and the man is very responsive and lively. Not to mention the specimen is young, energetic, easy to tame and adaptable. Truly an A grade man. 

Under Jia Hyson's admiring and passionate gaze, Da Gong squirms with a warm face. His chest was constantly touched and groped making him feel excited but also a little humiliated. But in the end he was still a very instinctual person and couldn't stop himself from arching his back shyly and pushing himself to those sly hands, gasping when they get particularly naughty as they knead his nipples and pinch them. 

"You-" Da Gong groans but couldn't bear to slap the other's wandering and mischievous hands off of him. Instead he clenches and unclenches his fists tightly as he strains not to do any big movements. 

Jia Hyson noticed the stress and leans down to kiss and like Da Gong's collarbone and nape, delighting in the way he trembled and jerked under his soft ministrations. While his hands continued to fondle the other relentlessly Jia Hyson kissed up his neck, under his ear and finally giving him a long and passionate kiss that made the other gasp and writhe underneath his smaller body. 

Excitedly once he sensed the other was out of breath again he pulled away, sitting firmly on the other's tense stomach. Da Gong, despite being breathless and dizzyingly aroused, immediately moved his hands to steady Jia Hyson's waist, worried he would lose his balance and fall off. Moved by such sweetness, Jia Hyson decided he couldn't wait any longer. 

Leaning back he lifts his hips up and pulls down his pants revealing to Da Gong's wide silver eyes, two slim, hard, and dripping pillars between his legs. Kicking off the last of his clothes, Jia Hyson strokes his two cocks with a lustful and confident smile. "I'm sorry Brother Gong, you ask me to be gentle but I can't hold back. Who told you to be so seductive?" He says arrogantly, scooting back to purposely rub at a certain erect thing under his butt. 

Da Gong: (,,,,) !!!

His worm was too assertive and lewd, it seems he could only reluctantly bear this burden ah. 

And if anyone else dares to offer to share such a sweet burden with him- heh, they might as well offer to share their neck with a knife instead. 

Seeing how this is how they were going to play, Da Gong wasn't dissatisfied at all. His little worm was also a man. Da Gong felt that taking the woman's role in the relationship was a bit embarrassing. It can't be helped he was a feudal rooster in a feudal man's body. 

To him, the fact his little worm volunteered to bottom without hesitation showed the other clearly loved and valued him a lot. 

Jia Hyson:  

Therefore he would do his best to let Jin Bao have a sense of control over his own body and not feel pressured into anything. Da Gong thought that he would do his best to make things good for his little worm but would not resist either if the other wanted to take the lead as well. 

Da Gong recalls Yan Huizhong telling him how good it was when Ye Cheng was aggressive their first time, but inevitably he was clumsy and shy, it only took a bit of stimulation before the other faltered. Yan Huizhong who was now a shameless old man, lowered his voice and told Da Gong the best thing was seeing Ye Cheng try so hard to take him in before giving up, begging him with watery eyes and saying it was 'too much'. 

Listening to his husband talk such matters to his chicken son, Ye Cheng smacked the other and scolded him, reminding him what a beast Yan Huizhong had been, insisting on going many rounds and various positions until the poor naive virgin Ye Cheng's lower body practically collapsed the next day. In fact it was a bit exaggerated but between Yan Huizhong and Ye Cheng, of course Da Gong believed his past owner. 

Under Da Gong's condemning eyes Yan Huizhong swore it wasn't his fault he lost self control, if there was a man who could stop himself after his lover said he was too big then they were a better man than he. Da Gong looked at Yan Huizhong's still pretty androgynous face and sneers, swearing he would definitely be a better man than him.

Ye Cheng silently looks away, fiddling with his hair in guilt. Recalling when they were younger and Yan Huizhong had been drugged, seeing the usually proud prince so desperate and needy.. how Yan Huizhong had gotten impregnated their son that night... he also thought he was not a strong man either ah. 

Originally Da Gong looked down on Yan Huizhong for not controlling his lower body but now that he was in this situation he could no longer be so judgmental.

It turns out self control was so hard! 

Ah! Ah! He really wants to force his adorable teasing little worm down onto the bed, watch him writhe and squirm under his touches and then devour him whole like the evil rooster he is! He wants to assert complete dominance, to completely and utterly ravage Jin Bao until he's nothing but a sobbing blushing mess. 

And Jin Bao! Da Gong always knew he was a shameless flirt when he was a little worm but now that he was human he was even more shameful. His self control had took several hits under the mischievous dragon's abilities.

Under Jia Hyson's barrage of dirty words, Da Gong's dick strains in his pants, wishing to break free from its confines and directly penetrate the teasing body of the smaller youth. He glares at his naughty little worm, trying his best to convey how little patience he had right now. 

However seeing the desperate glare only stokes Jia Hyson's sadistic desire further. 

He had completely forgotten the coquettish, innocent appearance he wanted to use beforehand that would stoke a man's simultaneous desire to both protect and ruin. The fact Jia Hyson had almost completely let go of his persona spoke a lot on how comfortable and excited he was with Da Gong. 

"If you don't say anything soon maybe we'll just continue like this ah-" Jia Hyson blinks his eyes innocently as he pinches one of Da Gong's dark nipples while lightly circling the other, causing him to shudder under the different stimulations. "Hmm- I wonder if I can make you finish just by playing with your obscene chest.."

His golden eyes darken with desire, and was a bit tempted to ignore his previous promises and just fuck his handsome doting rooster that submissively and trustingly hands him so much control to him. 

Ah, he really wants to abuse this beautiful man.

"Nghnn..." Da Gong's thick cock trembles and he can feel a growing dampness between his legs indicating his excitement and frustration. "You..." He flushes with shame, after all he wasn't a very talkative person, and begging was even rarer than crying for him. However he really felt desperate, the sensations he was receiving was both unbearable and not enough. "Let me, let me love you."

Jia Hyson leans down and kisses Da Gong's pectoral muscles lightly, and shifts his hips so he was grinding against the hard shaft of the person below him. "I think you can do better then that." Jia Hyson sadistically criticizes, "Brother Gong you need to be more specific ah- I want to know what you want to do to me. Every. Little. Detail." The last three words were emphasized as he suggestively moved his body lewdly on the other.

Da Gong felt he was going to go insane. 

With some hesitation he begins to shakily plead, to his surprise and mortification he found each naughty thing spilling clumsily out of his mouth was making his temperature rise further and further. "I want- mhn, stop it, I- please, let me thrust my cock into your, hnn, tight little hole..."

Hearing his usually stoic man talk so dirtily, how could Jia Hyson not be affected. Biting his lip, his initial teasing action of rubbing his body up and down Da Gong's became more energetic and excited under such stimulating words. His two dicks were dripping pre-cum, making slick noises as they slid erratically, wantonly rubbing against Da Gong's groin, stomach and abs. "Hnn, yessss." He softly hisses, his breathing getting faster just like the movements of his body. 

Encouraged by his little lover's obvious arousal, Da Gong continued to speak, his large hands reaching around to knead the other's plush butt and push it harder against his own strained dick. "I want to... fuck your cute little virgin ass," he coughs, blushing even harder, but the way his hands began to pull apart Jia Hyson's cheeks and his own hips began to thrust upwards betrayed his eagerness and growing confidence, "Want to, mhn, make you beg... stretch that naughty hole around me, nghn, and mark you deep inside so, ah, so you will forever know you're mine..."

His low usually quiet and restrained voice was now roughened with lust, scratched at Jia Hyson's sensitive ears and made him feel itchy and impatient all over. Feeling his own self control slipping, Jia Hyson pushes three of his fingers into his mouth and coats them with his saliva. Once sufficiently lubricated he reaches back and presses them against his aching asshole. 

Da Gong groans at the sight however he only spread apart Jia Hyson's bottom and watched hungrily. Other than it was obviously possible and the general direction of where things would go, Da Gong didn't have a good understanding of homosexual practices. His little worm was very smart and knows his own body best, so while he was incredibly impatient and yearned to just push his lustful little worm down and shove himself forcefully into his wanton body, he forcefully suppressed his wild instincts to observe how the other prepares himself. 

However seeing Jin Bao's pretty thin fingers insert themselves inside his own body, slowly relaxing the muscles and moving back and forth at an increasingly confident pace... the slightly sloppy sounds and the gasping breathy moans that Da Gong strains to listen to like the most enthusiastic student... and the way the pair of cute pink little dicks quiver and twitch with each movement... Da Gong felt like he was experiencing what people describe as a stroke.

He had always been domineering and fearless in the face of danger and troubles. But right now, it was taking an embarrassing amount of willpower and concentration not to faint. His face was hot, his mind and ears were buzzing and his entire body felt giddy and trembling. 

Da Gong had never been more and less aware of his immediate surroundings. It was like he could feel each drop of hot sweat and splashes of pre-cum dripping from his little worm with great sensitivity but at the same time he felt almost like in a dream like state, detached and unable to feel anything was real.

Jia Hyson was also nearing the end of his patience. He could feel the way Da Gong's muscles tensed and strained, the repressed dominating desire in the face of being considerate, and it filled his heart with a spicy sweetness. 

To Jia Hyson, he is the type who values sex a lot in a relationship. In his opinion, the difference between having a platonic love with a friend or family and a romantic love, was sex and sexual attraction. In a similar thought process, he believes on some level that sex is one of the best ways to communicate about each other. 

If the other person only focuses on their own pleasure without noticing their partner's discomfort then it indicates a rather selfish nature. If a partner is frigid and faintly repulsed to more intimate things there may be an underlying problem they need to sort out with some discussion or the relationship is cooling. 

Jia Hyson has slept with a lot of people and he finds that the enthusiasm he has in sleeping with his partner is more honest and straightforward than thinking with his heart. If he likes, even if the other person is not very good he will still enjoy it. If he is tired of them he will be too lazy to do anything with them. And if he is disgusted, forget sex, even listening to their voices will make the back of his neck feel like it's being tickled by the scratchy legs of a cockroach. 

While his strike zone for people is quite wide, he still has a lot of preferences. For appearances there are many preferences. But in terms of a sexual partner, he had to say, his favourite is the ones who have a preference to be dominant in bed but is willing to be pushed down and played with, easy to follow along and adapt to Jia Hyson's sexual whims and plays, while also be willing to think actively on ways to improve the sex. 

Bebe: 'Wow, if you take out all the sex parts that's essentially the ideal office worker isn't it.'

Jia Hyson: 'Oh god, Da Gong in a suit, I think I'm actually going to cum.'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson wasn't joking. It was a really... beautiful image hehehe. 

Bebe: '...'

"I'mnghnnn, ah, ready," Jia Hyson bites his lower lip as he pulls his fingers out with a sloppily obscene sound. "Da Gong- ah!?"

Da Gong, entranced, curiously touches the wet, twitching hole with his thick fingers. "Soft," he mutters, a little surprised as he rubs the slick entrance. He cocks his head like he used to do when in thought as a rooster, fascinated as he mimicked Jia Hyson's previous actions. Because his fingers were bigger the sensations and stretch were much more intense making Jia Hyson gasp and steady himself by putting his hands behind him and leaning back, pushing his hips forward and giving Da Gong better access and completely exposing his most private areas. 

Jia Hyson was so excited and ashamed at everything he had to offer being under such intense scrutiny from his soon to be lover. "Ah- don't look- it's so embarrassing-!" He cries out as he sway's his hips, his horny body unable to stop itself from moving back and forth, shallowly thrusting Da Gong's fingers further into his own slutty hole.

"You're so cute." Da Gong can't help but praise sincerely as he spreads his fingers inside Jia Hyson in a scissoring motion, fascinated by the stretching of the other's rim. With his free hand he couldn't help but reach up to touch another sensitive part of his little worm. With his larger size he could easily grasp both of the slender drooling pillars and fiddles with them, marvelling at the slick, smooth feeling of the heated skin and the throbbing and curves of the genitalia. 

"Mhn-Da Gong!" After so long of teasing and being teased, he was suddenly being attacked at both his front and back. Jia Hyson threw his head backward and shuddered, hot, white viscous liquid spurted and dripped all over Da Gong's fingers. 

Da Gong blinks in surprise, his forefinger and thumb subconsciously rubbing together as he feels the warm sticky essence in his hands. He felt a little regretful that he couldn't recall every single detail of the moment. Ah, what a pity, fortunately he had plenty of opportunities to supplement the image in the future. Thinking of this he smiles wickedly, as he licks his sticky fingers coated in cum.

Jia Hyson who had to rub the haze of bliss from his eyes saw such a vividly perverted expression on the usually calm expressionless face of Da Gong shudders. 

"Da Gong, you're too bad," he complains breathlessly, completely ignoring who was really the 'bad' guy here. "I wanted..." He blushes, "I wanted to do it together." Jia Hyson mutters, genuinely bashful having to admit something so sappy. 

Da Gong: '...' His little worm was really going to be the death of him.

Snapping under the cuteness, Da Gong finally took control and revealed his true nature. Wiping his cum covered hand on the sheets and pulling his other hand's finger out of Jin Bao's hole, he pushes the smaller body of his little worm back and then reaches down to fully pull off his pants to expose his large throbbing member, which slapped upwards, hitting the front of Jia Hyson's dicks.

Jia Hyson gulps, his own hemi-penis dripping as Da Gong's big, but not so black, cock grazes against them. Jia Hyson thought his own size was not bad, around five inches, but against nearly eight inches that was almost as thick as both his dicks together, Jia Hyson suddenly felt like the 'little worm' nickname Da Gong likes to still call him now had a very special meaning.

Jia Hyson: ...I should really get him to stop calling me that now.   

Da Gong: My little worm (,,,,)  

"Ah.. how is everywhere of you so cute?" Da Gong looks incredibly pleased as he touches the two little 'little worms', purposely pressing and rubbing them against each other as well as against his own cock making Jia Hyson groan and writhe with embarrassment. "They're so small I could just swallow them whole," He teases with half seriousness. After all they were really not very wide in girth, it seemed it really wouldn't be too hard ah. 

Thinking of the unique situation of having double the pleasure from getting two of his dicks sucked on, no, maybe triple the pleasure if he get's fingered as well, Jia Hyson licks his teeth and silently decides such a big size difference wasn't too bad ah. 

His thoughts were quickly brought to reality though when he felt his hips be lifted up effortlessly and a hot protrusion slowly push inside him causing him to gasp and grasp at Da Gong's chest, steadying his body to be penetrated. "Aahh.. Nghnmm..." 

Da Gong was undeniably big, and Jin Bao's body was... not. Jia Hyson wasn't a size queen and had always had a slight fear of his ass being literally broken- thanks hentai- so he was usually more careful when faced with anything over six and a half inches. If he wasn't very confident that his dragon body wasn't ten times better than a normal person's Jia Hyson would have strongly insisted on preparing himself more. 

Silently he swore as beads of sweat rolled down his back as he forced himself to relax his body. It's okay, he can persevere for a little bit.

Seeing the strain on his little worm's face, Da Gong who had been immersing himself in the pleasure his dick being tightly squeezed by a warm and slippery heat immediately became distressed. 

Flustered, he instinctively tries to sit up to coax the other with kisses. However because of their positioning with Jia Hyson leaning on Da Gong's lying down body with his hips trying to slowly move downwards and accommodate the length inside him, his movement of sitting up only served to slide Jia Hyson's body further down faster. 

"Ah, ah, nhm, Da Gong you-" Jia Hyson pants angrily, trying to suppress the 'you motherfucking chicken sausage of a man' from coming out of his mouth as he finds his body suddenly taking in all seven something inches of Da Gong's manhood up his ass. However even though it was a shock and faintly painful, the way his erect hemipenis' were twitching and drooling out excitedly betrayed his true feelings. 

Da Gong was both concerned and amused by the other's contradicting body language. Since he was already sitting up anyway he merely continued what he had planned to do and showered his little worm in affectionate and ticklish kisses where he could reach before finally passionately kissing Jin Bao's soft trembling lips. 

Feeling Da Gong's presence so overwhelmingly intensely, Jia Hyson suddenly felt a bit emotional as tears sprung from his eyes as he kissed back. Something that had always been a bit tight in his chest ever since Da Gong had gotten injured, that had gotten even tighter when he left, finally seemed to have completely loosened and disappeared. 

From Da Gong's beating heart, the way his stomach and chest muscles undulate, and the very prominent body part shifting inside him, Da Gong's heat, his body, his taste and smell- Jia Hyson can finally be completely reassured that he was really here. That he was really back, alive and healthy.

Da Gong also was not unmoved, the tight heat that gripped him so fiercely as if reluctant to let him go, such ecstasy he had never experienced as a rooster, filled him simultaneously with a sense of drunkenness and sobriety. 

He is naturally calculative and to achieve the best outcome in his calculations he can be abnormally cruel, both to himself and others. Now that he had pulled off his biggest gamble he had made in this lifetime he has no regrets for what he did but that didn't mean he didn't feel any reluctance or fear when he chose this plan. In fact he was greatly uneasy and unwilling to leave his little worm, he didn't know how long it would take, if maybe something went wrong, or his little worm will no longer have him in his heart when he came back. 

These anxieties and insecurities Da Gong purposely pushed down and ignored, but even when he came back he worried that his friends and his little worm would resent him, hate him for doing such a thing. He admits he deserves it, but that doesn't mean he doesn't secretly fear it. 

Now that he was so intimately connected to his little worm, those feelings had eased a lot, and Da Gong wrapped his arms around the small slender body tightly as he starts to move, initially hesitant before he confidently picked up speed under his lover's encouraging reactions. The night air was filled with the sounds of ambiguous cries and moaning that lasted till the early hours of the morning. 

Da Gong smiles as he holds his little worm under his arm who was nuzzled into his chest, their bodies entangled and exhausted in the best way. 

This time, he will not let go so easily and let him cry on his own again. 

He will be with his little worm forever.




Maybe because Da Gong finally came back, it was like a curse was broken. Slowly but surely as time passed Tang Muxin and the others realised they had started aging normally again. However even if they aged, there was little pain or illness in their life. 

It could be the best blessing they could ask for after leading such a long fulfilling life.

Pan Shuchun slapped her knee and laughed when they discussed their realisations, "Finally! I was getting sick of eating your eighty something year old dog food bah!"

Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao: "...Well." (,,_,,),,U_U,,)

Yan Huizhong sneers, touching the calloused hand of his husband intimately, "You're lucky we were kind enough to feed you anything ah."

Ye Cheng laughs as Pan Shuchun and Yan Huizhong descend into another petty argument. Even after all these years they were still the same as ever. 

Knowing that it was nearing the end, while there was some reluctance at the thought of parting with everyone, they all were satisfied with the lives they have lived. So everyone all decided to spend their last days just like they had started.

On a long journey, just travelling. 

They also invited the emperor as well, after all it would be too cruel to leave him behind and they had gotten closer to the emperor as another fellow long-lived person. Jia Hyson, not forgetting the side quest he had previously accepted, which was choosing the next emperor to lead the country, volunteered to help the emperor with his decision using [Karmic Insight].

By now the original princes had long left the world and a whole new batch of potential emperors stood nervously in the hall awaiting their verdict. Because of Jin Bao, Father dragon had done a lot of 'charity work' nourishing the country with spiritual energy and bringing the previous vitality back to life. Therefore there was a great amount of respect and reverence to dragons that previously, was more superficial when Jia Hyson first transmigrated here.

The emperor nervously sits on the throne with great anticipation, he was probably even more eager to see Jia Hyson make a decision than the princes.

Jia Hyson didn't blame him, if he had to govern a country for over half a century he would be ready to push a baby donkey into his position and kill anyone who protests his decision to be honest.

Bebe: '...Why not use a normal human baby?'

Jia Hyson: 'Dramatics-' JazzHands.gif

Bebe:   Well, fair enough. 

Activating [Karmic Insight] he looks at the princes. He wasn't surprised to see their strong auras filled with bright colors with very little murkiness. Maybe because the emperor really had very little to do other than work and work, he had began to be more hands on in raising the princes. While he wasn't warm and intimate due to not just his position but also the fact that the pain would be worse when they died before him, he treated them all like a teacher treats his students. 

At first the ministers protested but after some thought they quickly accepted it. 

The old emperor was so adapt and capable now the ministers feared that he would soon realise that these spicy chicken ministers' workloads had been slowly decreasing over time, secretly just push it onto the emperor who is so fast at finishing his duties. The emperor who at heart was still a little bit of a silly white rabbit, was too used to hard work and had long associated his job to a long time sitting on the desk. Even if he works more efficiently, he doesn't notice how strange it is that he doesn't finish any quicker. 

The biggest fear of the ministers and officials now is that the emperor will grow bored, have an epiphany and realise the workload he has is a bit not right, compare it to last years amount, the year before, and then proceed to fire half the government in rage. 

...Therefore they who originally protested, immediately changed face and offered their own sons to also be taught under the great emperor, saying his wiseness knows no bounds and he should spread his knowledge to stabilise the country. 

Emperor: Very good. This emperor daddy is pleased with the loyalty of our servants. We haven't fed you well for nothing. 

Ministers and officials: Hehehehehehhe and so our salted fish lives continue.

Since the emperor taught various generations of royalty, Pan Shuchun and Tang Muxin, these modern transmigrators also couldn't help but join in and bring their family babies along too. 

Of course when some people were involved in one thing, the rest of the group also followed in on the fun, after all they were all rather bored. Even Ye Cheng and Yan Huizhong who usually visited to capital for a few months every year would play-cough-help teach the children when they were there. Jia Hyson would also occasionally pop in to gloat at the little radishes working hard. 

Therefore other than some teachers who taught the basic foundation, the princes' teachers were:

A super emperor who is used to undertaking an excessively large amount of reading documentation. A super doctor slash assassin who also helped lead the army. A super businesswoman who not only is knowledgeable with the trends, controlling public opinion and also controls 90% of all major businesses. A fierce general who had protected the country countless times. The emperor's sadistic and sly only son who was extremely adapt at scheming and politics. And a playful dragon. 

In short, x generations of royalty were abused and tossed around to hell and back under the tutelage of these behemoths. It created previously unprecedented scenes of many princes hoping to death that the emperor will not die in their generation and they have to take over the mantle thanks to their preconceived ideas of how an emperor lives now.

Prince A: "Wuwuwu Emperor Grandpa I can't finish reading twenty pages in a night! This is inhumane!"

Emperor: "Ah? But I have to read at least sixty reports a night. Each report can be at least ten, fifteen, thirty pages!"

Prince A: '...' So??? That just means you're inhuman. Don't drag this baby into it!

Prince B: "Teacher Tang I can't do it anymore! My legs are sore, my feet are swollen! I don't want to run laps anymore!!!"

Teacher Tang Muxin: "As an emperor, you must always be in good health to reassure not just the servants but the entire country. Besides, you see the emperor running around the palace, he's so busy. If you become emperor you'll need to do the same ah."

Prince B: "No... isn't emperor grandpa chasing the dragon around like a child and running away from the Minister of Rites who wants to talk to him about something boring again?"

Teacher Tang Muxin: "...Isn't this still being busy? Never mind. If you can interpret the ten lines of Sun Tzu's Art Of War I will give you, you can stop running. If you can't we will practice archery for an hour."

Prince B: QAQ

Prince C: "Teacher Pan, please let this prince rest. My head hurts, I don't understand what is the point of this inflation thing? Why are all the prices rising? Who is demanding everything? Teacher Pan can't we just let the servants do this tedious work?"

Teacher Pan Shuchun: "Aiyah don't you see how diligent your emperor grandpa is? Do you think all those papers he is reading is about what he's going to eat tonight? No, money rules the world and economics runs society! Do you want to become a terrible emperor who can't even keep track of the treasury and can only rely on others? Now come, come, I will also teach you about this new thing me and your emperor grandpa is trying to implement called 'banking'."

Prince C: "...oh." I can feel my brain spasming. 

Prince A: "King Yan, I really don't think I'm going to be emperor, there's really no need to teach me this..."

King Yan Huizhong: "Hah, are you stupid? Even if you aren't the emperor you are still a prince! You have to maintain your emperor grandpa's face, besides who knows when that old man will keel over ah- don't look so horrified, tsk. Anyway foreign diplomacy is very important and you always need to consider your etiquette and also consider the foreign visitor's feelings as well. We will start with the customs of serving tea, recognising tea, and talking about tea. Now there are seven types of chinese tea, we shall first explore the history, varieties, meanings, growing process of green tea- stop slouching!"

Prince A: "...Well." LostTheWillToLive.jpeg

Prince B: "Teacher Duan, this prince already exercised with teach Tang the other day so-"

Teacher Duan Mengyao: "I've killed more than two hundred trained enemy soldiers."

Prince B: "...Okay." CryingTearsOfBlood.jpeg

Prince C: "Uh, Teacher Ye, I really don't think this is important to being an emperor."

Teacher Ye Cheng: "Nonsense, learning about taking care of animals will teach you about empathy and patience. It is also a stress reliever. An emperor is very busy and will encounter a lot of things and make many decisions that will inevitably hurt someone, whether it is the heart of the emperor himself or the heart of the people. Your emperor grandpa looks very strong but the truth is he's made a lot of choices that have worn down his soul."

Prince C: "Teacher Ye, the goat is eating my hair."

Teacher Ye Cheng: "And that's a small price to pay for keeping your soul intact."

Prince C: "I don't think that's correct and Teacher Ye I rather the goat take my soul than my hair please."

Teacher Ye Cheng: :)

Prince C: "..." My hair.  

Prince A, B and C: "Dragon Jin can we not-"

Jia Hyson: "You are the little princes that might become the next emperor someday. As an emperor you must... um... anyway, I'll give you two minutes to run and hide from me. If I don't find you during the next hour we will take a three day break and play around, but if I find you, I get to pick who will specially teach you for five straight days while you wear whatever I want you to wear."

Prince A, B and C: "..." Fuck this guy is the worst out of all of them! Also why the fuck do we still think he looks so cute!? (,,,,,),,,,,),,,,,)

And of course, when Da Gong came back... well... it could be said the latest generation was just especially pitiful ah. 

In the end, after such caring training, the shadows in the little and big princes hearts over the years have always become the word 'emperor'. When people ask about their ambitions to be the next emperor they will scream silently in their hearts- They don't want it, they really don't want it. 

Even the most naturally ambitious children were directly frightened to tears when they saw their emperor grandpa's office. Emperor grandpa was also so 'kindhearted'- four times a year he will gather some of the princelings to act as 'intern' emperor so they can all get a taste of power for a few weeks.

Emperor: Ah, I am so fair and just now. Even if they can't be emperor they can at least have the experience of ruling. 

Princes: N-no, such an experience- we really don't need it!

It should be known that five or six educated princelings of varying ages could barely finish one day's paperwork of the unknowingly workaholic emperor. And the pressure of making decisions that will effect the country, even with four other brothers to help decide with you, was enough to make them tremble a little. 

The poor sons of royal birth were half-traumatised and every year they made sure to go to the temple to sincerely pray for emperor grandpa's good health. Please! Don't let emperor grandpa down At least not in this generation! 

Then when the princes grow up, become kings and produce their own sons they immediately change their face and show unprecedented enthusiasm. "Look, hey, the emperor is so old, you need to train hard, maybe you'll be the next emperor ah! Your father had dreamed to be emperor but, alas, he is too filial and could only wait patiently and now it's too late. This father hopes you do your best in the lessons and shoulder your father's hopes and dreams! You are your father's pride and joy! Refuel!"

Little prince sons: O-okay!!! I will go make father proud!!! (,,00,,)/

Evil prince fathers: Hahaha. 

Little princess daughters: My father is so strange, not dignified and handsome like uncle prince A, B and C.

Wives of the princes: ...Silly girls, the older princes are even stranger than your father ah. The previous generation was experimented and subjected with various 'teaching methods' after all. 

Still, no banquet in the world goes on forever. Now that it was decided that the emperor was finally abdicating and the end of his life was near, there were many in the palace who really felt the sky was falling. 

Ministers and officials: My salted fish work life...

Princes: My salted fish prince life...

Kings: LMAO. Later losers.

Later on many kings secretly had a sack thrown over their heads and were beaten by various angry princes and ministers, but that's another story for another day. 

When you plant melons and you will harvest melons; and when you plant beans and you will harvest beans. This tyrannical education they all received wasn't just traumatising, it also undeniably shaped everyone to have a decent nature, and high capabilities. While it was inevitable a lot of strange and eccentric personalities were developed, because there wasn't so much pressure, nobody experienced half as much intrigue as Yan Huizhong's generation.

There was less scheming and generally everyone was allowed to explore and pursue their own interests happily. Plus, with the renewed rise of dragon worship nobody was interested in incurring too much bad karma for themselves with unnecessary trouble and even the concubines and wives in the backyard were very buddhist.

Brothers were no longer enemies and concubines became good sisters as Tang Muxin and Pan Shuchun started a Women's group which allowed many ladies to come and express grievances and troubles, inciting higher empathy and comradely between woman as well as support those who have been abused. While it wasn't perfect, and there were still many dark places and darker hearts, the palace had become a much more stable and refreshing place to live. 

It made the emperor a little emotional. The imperial family in his mind, could not be considered a real family. Everyone back then had daggers behind their backs and poison in their mouths. But now, seeing this generation of princes looking at each other, glancing back and forth in tacit understanding, he felt moved. 

The emperor always knew a good country is one that is stable and united. While it was good to fight, serious infighting was detrimental, especially with hostile neighbours waiting to take a piece of their fatty meat. 

Did he do a good job with his own sons? Of course he didn't. Some say he did better than others some said he did significantly worse. Parenting is hard, running a country is hard, raising an heir is also hard. He had only one life, there was not enough time to realise and change his mistakes, to understand the problems and to figure out how to best rectify them and implement these plans. 

But now he has lived a life over several lifetimes long, things were different now and an old oyster will yield pearls. If he has not learned and changed and improved during this time then he might as well have returned his brain to his mother and apologise for wasting it. 

Even though people believe living a comfortable life is like drinking poisoned wine, the emperor felt that living a life full of anxiety, paranoia and strictness is also not much better. Tang Muxin and Pan Shuchun were full of many modern ideas and he respected them a lot. While he didn't agree with some ideas, he carefully considered and thought through a lot of their very controversial pitches.

The matter of teaching the princes to be decent humans without compromising ability and the qualifications to be an emperor was one that took a lot of thought and effort. As an emperor himself, he knew better than anyone else that living like royalty, having such power, it wasn't enough to have the same education as a normal person. Tang Muxin, Pan Shuchun, and also Jia Hyson had many modern thoughts on educational practices but it was true that a lot of it was too tame and soft for the current era. In the end this unique spartan education was what was decided. 

With their longer lifespans, it was easy for others to rely on them blindly, unwilling to improve themselves as they hold onto the golden thighs, especially the princes who used to be motivated to work hard through their ambitions for power. Without that ambition it was hard not to turn into a lazy rice bug. However that sort of peace was only good in the short term and was indeed a poisonous wine in disguise. That is why it was important to prevent people from being complacent. 

With this education they firmly shake the young prince's lazy hearts, letting them know exactly the amount of hardship an emperor must endure for his people. Even if they don't become emperor they will respect the crown, appreciate the work, and at the same time fear for the emperor's health. 

With special attention to ideological lessons as well, most will cultivate a sense of sensibility and responsibility, whether its to the commoners, to the emperor or to themselves- choosing to undertake some of the burden and working to help in their own ways. Whether through agriculture, reforms, literature, the art of war or technological innovation, they were not restrained in their choices. As long as they had the attitude of wanting to help, wanting to shoulder a little bit more, how could the emperor not be happy?

Therefore while there were a few unattractive colours here and there, all the eligible princes had strong auras indicating good character and karma. 

But that didn't necessarily correlate to their potential as an emperor, it just insured that if any of them were the emperor, everyone could be confident they wouldn't change their faces and become useless, waste tyrants. Which is really the bare minimum of what you want in a person leading an entire country... not that it stops some countries ah. _()_/

However it's impossible to completely confirm something like this, not at anyone's level to be honest. Even a god can be disappointed in the people they choose to vouch for much less lesser people. There is nothing quite as unfathomable as the changes of the human heart. 

[Karmic Insight] foretells if people are on a good path or not but it's of course not perfect. The more Jia Hyson uses it the more adept he was but at the same time the more he became aware of the flaws.

For example is someone reaches out to take a glass of water and their aura turns bleak it predicts something bad will definitely happen if they take the water. If they take the water and their aura fluctuates it means they are thinking of various paths with the water and depending on what they do with it they will either experience something bad or something good. 

To continue on this scenario, it could be a case of if they drink it and it's poisoned they will die, but if they take it to throw onto the floor they will be okay. But maybe it's the opposite way round as well and maybe the water is perfectly fine to drink but by throwing the water you offend someone and get beaten half to death. As long as they're indecisive, Jia Hyson can only say there's a chance of encountering bad fortune when taking the water but cannot confidently say anything else. 

The further away the future, the more indecisive one becomes thinking of it, and also the more unpredictable and inaccurate this 'fortune telling' skill of his can be. Still a general idea is better than no idea at least. 

Jia Hyson opens his mouth and suddenly commands, "Whatever you do, don't think about what would you do when you become the emperor!"

Everyone: ...

Immediately everyone's auras changed. Some of the prince's colors became rather tepid and bland, some became a bit dark, one became absolutely pitch black, which was quite a shock to see. 

However with darkness, there was also light, conversely, there princes whose auras shined, glowed, and changed colours, from plain calm blues to a bright energetic yellow or orange, dark forest greens to metallic calm light blue hues, and a few that actually looked like their auras were shimmering with gold and silver speckles. 

The latter ones were the ones Jia Hyson was more interested in, after all it didn't take an art genius to understand gold and silver were the colours most associated to wealth, prosperity, luck and so on. Essentially if you had gold in your aura you would definitely have a chance to be a winner in life as long as you don't squander it with stupid decisions and actions. The more gold in your aura the better the chances. Silver was also good and was essentially the equivalent of the second male lead, to the golden aura male lead. 

Of course it was impossible to carefully look at all these auras so quickly, and this trick only worked for a short while before everyone who listened to the inexplicable reverse psychology got their thoughts sorted out again. 

Jia Hyson could have interviewed them one by one, but the most instinctive thought is really the most accurate in this case. As said before the future is unpredictable, and so are people's hearts. Just because someone says they'll work hard and be an astronaut doesn't mean they would do it in the end, so judging through questioning wasn't good at all, not to mention they could easily be lying or their thoughts could wonder which would skew Jia Hyson's predictions further. 

Hence he came up with such a method. Unfortunately the flaw was obvious, but it was also easily remedied thanks to Bebe who immediately took a photograph. Bebe's camera could not only take normal high definition photos but also it was possible to take photos through its host's eyes too. After all it was like a spiritual being that can live inside it's host mind, such a thing was not too hard to do, it was just systems prefer to have a more omniscient viewpoint. 

Looking at the holographic image presented in front of him, Jia Hyson's eyes squinted as he looks at everyone closely. What is interesting is that with [Karmic Insight] he saw not just the princes but also the surrounding servants and people's aura in the photograph. Tang Muxin had a faint silver aura which made sense since she still was more inclined to following than leading, Duan Mengyao had a surprising sprinkle of gold, Yan Huizhong... his aura became quite bleak which indicated that he definitely could not handle the great power of the emperor.

Well, that wasn't unexpected either.  

Yan Huizhong: ...

What was surprising was Ye Cheng and Pan Shuchun had a rather bold streak of gold in their auras, like a bright comet amidst the fluctuating colours of their aura. This suggested they would actually become quite suitable for this role but most likely they would experience a lot of changes and probably quite a bit of hardship which makes sense given their lack of specific training, and lack of qualifications in regards to becoming the emperor. 

Finally Jia Hyson's eyes land on Da Gong who was sitting by the side during the process and falls silent at the bright blaze of dazzling silver and gold aura surrounding him. He can't help but glance constantly at the Da Gong in the photo and the Da Gong in reality. It must be the other was still thinking about how he would live as an emperor because the aura was still just as domineering as in the photo.

Jia Hyson: Huh. 

Well. He wasn't really surprised honestly.

After all, the male lead halo he had been given for this mission... 

Was what he had passed onto Da Gong before he left to reincarnate.

Yes, knowing that the other was planning to leave, Jia Hyson barely hesitated before using the male lead halo meant to help him pick the future emperor. In fact he had already been contemplating using it on Da Gong even beforehand in hopes the halo could help him find a miracle cure to his body. 

There was no logical reasoning to use up such a good thing, well, there was some, but he knew it all boiled down to his own selfish desperation in making that choice. Jia Hyson knew the other had a plan. And it wasn't like he didn't trust him. But no matter how smart Da Gong was or how unfathomable the powers of these Bipolar Prince pieces were, there was always the saying 'man proposes and god disposes'. 

He just wanted to give his rooster every chance to succeed and come back.

But he didn't want him to come back and take the mantle of emperor either.

After seeing the emperor live his life, Jia Hyson had re-confirmed multiple times what he already knew in his heart a long time ago.

Being the emperor fucking kind of sucks. 

Ignoring the absolute power thing, ignoring how the palace has slowly improved over time, objectively, there's a lot of responsibility, pressure, nagging, and intrigue in this job. 

Having to sign documents, read papers, check the treasury, listen to the reports in court is already a nightmare enough, but there's also reputation and virtue to consider as well. If there's corruption, even if the emperor isn't aware of it he will be blamed by the victims, if there's raised taxes the emperor cannot live lavishly lest he be criticised as a greedy ruler, if there's a drought, the emperor must have done bad things...

In short, it was unreasonably stressful if you wanted to do a good job.

Not to mention how lonely it is. You can't be too close to your sons or they will literally die. You can't ignore your sons or they will literally die. Daughters are easier to manage in a way, you can be closer to some but the favourites still risk the problem of dying or being used by others. In fact, it's much easier to kill them off because they were girls. Plus if you do their marriages wrong then people may get offended, upset, and alliances might be affected as well. 

How could he have the heart to push Da Gong to do such a pitted job??

The princes lining up to be pushed into said pitted job: '...'

Jia Hyson had no intention to restrain his wild village rooster under a golden crown. Therefore after a short pause, his eyes drifted away from Da Gong to the other princes again.

Da Gong who wasn't aware of his thoughts puffed up his chest smugly. Hehe, even when faced with so many younger men, his little worm only has eyes for him. 

Well, Da Gong smiles victoriously, it makes sense, after all, those vapid pretty boys only have their youth as their advantage. 

The intelligent handsome royal princes who only have youth as their advantage: '...' Can't believe they had so much knowledge beaten into them just so they can be disdained like this.

In the end, Jia Hyson chose two princes. Mainly because the current emperor had really raised the bar too high and it was impossible for a single prince to take over and there not to be any dissatisfaction. 

It was like expecting a wooden beam to take over the job of a concrete beam. If nobody complained or felt the wooden beam wasn't completely and utterly inadequate in comparison to the concrete beam then that could only mean this was an alternate alien universe where everyone loves flimsy and flammable housing structures. 

The point is, it was impossible to feel safe with this change. 

One was a descendent of the third prince and the other was a descendent of the crown prince. It was a little ironic. In the end the most ambitious princes back then, their decedents almost effortlessly got the title they vyed for... and they weren't even that pleased about it. In fact their reactions could be summarised like this-

Descendent of the third prince: I fucking- fuck-fuck- fuck-

Descendent of the crown prince: Hello darkness my old friend. :,)

Of course, Jia Hyson also made sure that these two will not suffer too badly. When he undertook this side mission he not only gained the male lead halo but also two helpful supporting lead halos. This is what he intends to gift to them during their coronation event.

From his understanding, this was purely the supporting male leads such as the best friend, the good brother, the supportive family member and so on, there was no pit other than maybe having a classic case of unrequited love. Knowing there was also a vicious supporting lead halo, and cannon fodder halo, completely assured Jia Hyson that this supporting lead halo was really good to use for this sort of context. 

Once bequeathed to the future emperors at the very least Jia Hyson is more confident in the stability of the country. Plus, two helpful supporting male leads will also not fight each other and become sworn enemies either. Not to mention the halo is inherited to some extent similar to how the dragon's blessing worked beforehand. This directly eliminates the biggest threat of infighting between dual emperor lineages, albeit temporarily. However that was really the best he could do, and Jia Hyson could accept that. 

Once everything was decided, the emperor who also had a sudden sense of anxiety after years of responsibility still thought it was best to watch over the little emperor's for a bit as a temporary advisor. Only after seeing nothing too bad has been done can he rest at ease. Tang Muxin and the rest were very supportive and also offered to watch and make sure the other brothers and kings were okay with this change, checking if any were dissatisfied and their general attitudes. They would also do a bit of training for them during the time as well, since everyone will be affected by this new change, it was good for them to also prepare.

Little emperors: "Heh." If we have to suffer, you all will be dragged down with us!

Brothers to the little emperors and the kings: "..." So in the end we're still going to kiss the salted fish life goodbye huh.

Once the meeting was adjourned everyone got ready to leave.

However, after some thought, Jia Hyson paused and flew back to the emperor, shrinking to his smaller dragon form and blinked cutely at him. Even after spending many years with Jia Hyson and seeing father dragon around, the emperor was still very weak to dragons. "Emperor uncle- Can I ask for a favour?"

"Of course, of course," The emperor pets and strokes the small dragon as fast as he can as he blindly agrees, knowing that, thanks to the possessive Da Gong, he did not often get such a good opportunity to cuddle the little dragon. "If it's still in my power I'm happy to allow it."

Hearing that Jia Hyson becomes very excited and leans up to whisper what he wanted into the other's ear.

As the emperor listened to Jia Hyson's words, the emperor's silly smile fades and he glances at Da Gong before his expression becomes subtle. "Jin Bao you aren't going to-"

[Cutie Beam!]

Emperor: Well, the kid was cute so it's fine. 

Besides, it's not going to be his problem anymore ah.  

Future emperors: We have a foreboding feeling. 

...

"Oh god yes!" Jia Hyson throws his head back and gasps as Da Gong slowly lifts his smaller body up before ruthlessly slamming the other back down on his hard cock. Jia Hyson's two dicks bounced wildly at the intensity, pre-cum splattering everywhere, tarnishing the elaborate flooring.

Da Gong leans back on the dragon throne, his back slick with sweat pressed uncomfortably against the carvings which made him grimace slightly.

Unlike European royalty where their thrones are full of cushioning, the dragon throne generally had only a cushion to sit on and the back of the chair was covered in ornate and majestic dragon carvings that, while very impressive visually to look at, were hardly enjoyable to sit naked on. It was no wonder the emperor often wore a lot of elaborate layering robes ah. 

However, Jia Hyson who was riding Da Gong happily, coquettishly asked if they could swap positions so he can be fucked directly on the throne. 

"Absolutely not." Da Gong immediately denies thinking of how sore his back is right now. "You will get hurt, can't bear it."

"Ahah," Jia Hyson laughs breathily, his rooster was simply so cute! "Don't worry, my skin is soft but it's durable. Even if I get some bruises it will be worth it!"

"No," Da Gong firmly rejects, after some thought he reiterates, "You can bear it but I can't bear it."

Jia Hyson pouts a little. He wanted to protest a bit more, after all, he shouldn't be injured what with his dragon constitution. At worst maybe he will be a bit uncomfortable. But isn't a bit of discomfort completely worth getting to sit on the emperor's dragon throne, and get completely and utterly ravished on top of it? Ah, ah, it was so exciting just thinking about it!! (,,,>  <,,)

However, after seeing Da Gong being so concerned over the slightest grievance he could experience, Jia Hyson didn't have the heart to do so and nodded obediently. After all, he will travel to many worlds in the future, he's sure he'll get another opportunity like this eventually ah. 

Bebe: ...Some hosts strive to earn enough points to go back to their old lives, some hosts strive for greatness, some strive to self-educate. Bebe's host strives to get fucked on various insane places in their bucket list.   

While Jia Hyson was still slightly disappointed it was undeniable his heart was filled with sweet warmth. Aiyah, how can there be such a considerate man like this?

Not only was he considerate, but Da Gong was also perceptive. Noticing his little worm was a bit dissatisfied, Da Gong's calculative brain quickly comes up with a solution. After all, he doesn't want his baby's body to hurt but he also wanted to prevent the heart from aching too. 

"How about... I take you in my mouth while you sit there instead?" That way there's no pain for his little worm's back. 

Jia Hyson turns his head and stares at him.

Fuck. Who knew everyone was looking for the perfect man, but it turned out the perfect man was a rooster all along. 

Twisting his back, Jia Hyson flexibly wraps an arm around Da Gong's neck to hug him closer and kisses him fiercely.

"You're the best Da Gong!" He exclaims excitedly before kissing him again with even more enthusiasm. Da Gong dotingly kisses back as he resumes thrusting in and out of his little worm's sloppy hole, his movements quick and vigorous, stimulated when he saw his little worm so happy and pleased. The animal in him preens at how good he was at satisfying his mate's happiness. 

After a few rounds satisfying Da Gong's thirst, Jia Hyson then got to experience what it was like to sit on the famed dragon throne. With his legs spread wide open, the handsome expanse of naked muscle that is Da Gong's back as he kneeled in front of him and between his legs, was a sight to see coupled with the large and lavish background of the royal court. 

Da Gong, on his knees, looked upward and reached to hold one of the straining erections of his little worm. Unlike his own cock, Jin Bao's dick was really much cuter, a pale pink that became a deeper colour at the tip when it got very excited. It was very pretty. The prettiest little worms of his little worm. 

...To be honest, while he would never tell the other, the rooster in Da Gong always salivates a little seeing them. (,,,,)

Ever since Jin Bao demonstrated oral sex on him, he had always been very interested in reciprocating- and not entirely for unselfish reasons.

Da Gong: Looks really... really tasty. Heavybreathingfatcat.gif

Jia Hyson: ()What is this sudden feeling of concern that I'm suddenly overcome by. 

Bebe: Oh how the turns have tabled. 

...

Under the sad eyes of the new emperors and old royal court, the old emperor happily patted his thighs, stood up and left the palace to travel with Tang Muxin and the others. Later on the new emperors will continue teaching their children in accordance to the same way they had grown up.

While they no longer had any OP people who could overwhelm everyone with their abilities and strength, their fellow brothers and uncles who were not only highly-skilled, great people in their own rights, but had also developed highly sadistic tendencies, were more than happy to step into the shoes of and be a 'devil teacher'. For the sake of the country of course. And for the sake of uh, their cute emperors. And also... um.. for the sake of the future princes too!

It was said that for the next two hundred years the royal family had become not only the most united and capable but also the most pitiful. There were many, many recorded documents of the daily lives of the royal princes' childhoods, and these educational techniques which had been lost at one point, soon came back and were integrated into modern schooling to some extent. 

It is undetermined whether the modern-day students of this world hated or pitied this wretched royal family more. 

...

The rest of the years for Tang Muxin, Duan Mengyao, Ye Cheng, Yan Huizhong, Pan Shuchun and the old emperor was filled with a relaxed and carefree mood. They traveled east to west, north to south, all with a devil may care attitude, enjoying each day one step at a time. Sometimes they will find a nice place, stay for a few months, and sometimes only stay for two or three days. 

Everyone was friendly and close, and they were all also extremely rich and powerful. Basically there was very little inconveniences. In fact, because of Tang Muxin and the old emperor who was heavily blessed by fortune, and Jin Bao, the literally dragon of fortune, it could be said their trip was full of extraordinary memories. 

The rare rainbow butterfly orchid that is said to only come every three generations unexpectedly bloomed when they reached the Butterfly Orchid Village. 

A passing flock of beautiful sunset peacocks that were like regular peacocks but with the colourings of sunset, making them so valued by poachers they had nearly become extinct long ago, took their carriage as a resting spot.

Even in the middle of a hot, dry summer they were treated with a heavy rain when they went to find the beautiful diamond lotus lake that can only show it's true form during a storm.

In short, any- 'if you're lucky you will see blah blah blah,' they managed to see it all. Maybe not immediately but generally before they leave the area they would have seen it. Pan Shuchun took great pleasure in recording their journey down, knowing in the future they will harbour the jealousy of all tourists everywhere. 

While they had begun to age, it still took them a long time to finally reach the end of their journey.

The first to go was the old emperor, he was the oldest out of all of them and it made sense. Everyone could clearly see his vitality dwindling and they all immediately paused their plans to visit the next area and set back to visit the capital again. By then at least forty years had passed. While the emperors Jia Hyson had appointed haven't left their seats yet, they were already at the age where they had to seriously consider the matter of heirs.

Once they reached the palace, the emperor was carried to the tomb where his wife and child was. He requested to let him stay here till his last breath. The emperor gave them a bittersweet smile, "After all I am too impatient, I just want to tell my beloved and little one all about this trip. I'm sure they will be envious to death hah."

Everyone wiped their tears and agreed.

The emperor was buried alongside his family two days later.

The next to go was Yan Huizhong who was the least healthy out of all of them. He went peacefully in his sleep with a smile. Ye Cheng cried and laughed, calling him a selfish man to the end. Cutting a lock of his hair he shoved it into the other's cold hands before cutting off a lock of Yan Huizhong's for himself. 

"It's so he can find me later," Ye Cheng sighs. Both of them had agreed to this beforehand. That way when being cremated, they will still have a piece of each other after death. 

They continued their travels, the only difference was that Ye Cheng carefully carried a bottle of ashes where they went as well.

Finally, it was Duan Mengyao's turn, and it was clear Tang Muxin was not too far behind. Seeing them weakening everyone chose to go back, after all those two also had their own plans.

Reaching the place they had met, what was once a simple town had become a large and lively city. Here they had bought a house to live in once their children had grown up. They had lived there for a long time and this is where they wanted to rest as well, in hopes that maybe in their next lives they can meet here again too.

Everyone had their own little superstitions, but in face of death and separation, it felt much less scary to hold onto a small belief as comfort. 

Everyone helped clean up the house, making sure it was clean and they all enjoyed a simple life for a few weeks. 

Until one morning, Tang Muxin and Duan Mengyao never arrived to the dining room for breakfast. They both had died in each other's arms, peacefully in their sleep.

Ye Cheng was both sad and a little envious, touching the glass bottle full of ashes hanging by his side subconsciously.

After the funeral Ye Cheng, Pan Shuchun, Da Gong and Jin Bao were a little at a loss. In the end they returned to the capital to re-experience life in the palace. They were treated extremely well and they indulged in the luxury happily, supplemented by good food and the top-grade treatment of the ancient 1%. However, this wasn't enough to stop the flow of time passing.

When Ye Cheng felt his time coming they went back to his home to his village where he and Yan Huizhong had lived. They had already determined the place to scatter their ashes, over the highest hill overlooking the village above. Clutching the bottle in his hands, Ye Cheng weakly kisses it as he sits on the hill he would soon be flying off from, the view beautiful as the sun slowly sets. "Let's go see even more wonderful things, my prince."

Da Gong scattered Ye Cheng's ashes. He only felt it was right for him to do so. After all the man was many things to him, but all those things can simply be summarised as family.

Jia Hyson scattered Yan Huizhong's ashes by his side. Silently he blesses the pair just like he had done many times before now.

The day after they scattered the ashes Pan Shuchun had sat the pair down and told her she was leaving.

"I rather you always remember me to be beautiful." She sighs, "I don't fear dying alone, don't we all die alone? I just hope that nobody sees my unsightly corpse ah." Even though her words were very callous the fear and sadness in her eyes could not be hidden. Still, after some hesitation they respected her opinion and let her go.

When Pan Shuchun left the pair, she took out her contacts, revealing her heterochromatic black and silver eyes that were filled with unshed tears, "Well," She smiles bittersweetly as she looks up at the sky, "It really has been an interesting life. I hope I get something just as eventful the next time hah."

...

Now only, Da Gong and Jia Hyson lived life wantonly and simply. Picking up their friends' interests they continued to travel and enjoy themselves. Even if they felt a bit sad, their mutual affection was still enough to warm their increasingly old hearts.

When Jia Hyson reunited with Da Gong, he had been in this world for roughly eighty or so years, and when the emperor passed away Jia Hyson had been in this world for about one hundred and twenty years. Maybe because his birth was unique or maybe because of the blessings of the dragon and careful supplementation of spiritual energy since birth, Da Gong who was nearing sixty at the time still looked like he was in his early thirties. 

Between the emperor's death and Pan Shuchun leaving it was another fifty years or so in between. Da Gong was about ninety and he had the appearance of a fit sixty year old man. Jia Hyson realised that even though the other was going to be long lived, it would not be as exaggerated as Tang Muxin and the others, filling Jia Hyson with anxiety and dread.

They spent everyday together, whether it was adventuring, finding good food, playing around or simply spending weeks lazing around and just enjoying each other's company. Sometimes Jia Hyson would feel a bit bored but his lover always knew how to coax him and take him out to play. 

Conversely, Jia Hyson also accommodated Da Gong with his interests, helping him build a home from scratch just the two of us, a little nest just for them, as well as indulging in his other 'rooster tendencies' that occasionally showed its head. It wasn't that hard really, Jia Hyson found it cute and endearing, especially when Da Gong became so embarrassed about some of them, like the mating dance he instinctively did during a particularly warm spring. 

However good times will always end, and time stops for no man or rooster.

"Did I keep my promise this time?" Da Gong whispers as he weakly clasps Jia Hyson's hand, Jia Hyson's smooth skin directly contrasting to the wrinkles covering the once strong hand.

"En..." Jia Hyson sniffles but forces himself to show a toothy smile, trying not to cry, however it can't be helped and soon two wet tear trials drip down his cheeks.

Da Gong's eyes were not very good now but he still could tell as if by instinct. With a trembling hand, he raises his arm and does his best to wipe away the tears from his little worm's face. The pressure of his touch was weak and was more like he was smudging the tears into the skin instead of wiping them away but Jia Hyson didn't care at all and was only distressed by his love. 

Quickly he takes the other's hand with his own and helps him wipe the tears away before he pushes the wrinkled hand against his soft, wet cheek, nuzzling against it before pressing a long kiss onto Da Gong's palm before gently kissing his fingers almost reverently. "Thank you for coming back, thank you for wiping my tears again."

"Tsk," Da Gong smiles, "Little worm, it's a pity and a blessing to not be able to follow you to wherever you go after this... I want to see you again soon." 

Jia Hyson's lips trembled slightly. He's only gone through a few lifetimes but the pain of having people he was fond of leave before him was still just as painful. Not only has the misery hasn't faded but his personal opinions were more or less unshaken too. He didn't believe that if Da Gong really died and reincarnated into a new life in another world he would recognise himself, would immediately feel that inexplicable 'connection' of love that transcends time and space.

He doesn't understand how the shards work, what it means when he collects the pieces, it is an unknown that makes him uncomfortable to think further into. 

But seeing those silver eyes tiredly but warmly staring at him with such simple happiness, Jia Hyson swallows his own thoughts down and maintains his smile to the best of his ability, "You will ah, don't worry."

"Good... that's... love you..."

Jia Hyson opens his mouth, then closes it. His heart trembles and finally he whispers tentatively, "I.. love you too." 

Da Gong couldn't hear it.

Jia Hyson wasn't sure if he regretted taking so long to say it or not. He could only comfort himself in thinking that the other must know.

Closing his eyes he wipes his own tears and gives Da Gong one last kiss.

...

"It seems I can finally go." Chef Wen laughs hoarsely, his disciples stand around him with sad and slightly fearful eyes. 

His disciples were babies or young children abandoned at the bottom of the mountain that he picked up when he looked for ingredients for his small restaurant. Most of them were women, but some were men with some sort of disability or defect. There was one healthy young boy and his baby brother who had been left there due to complicated family affairs, but they were in the rarity. 

Chef Wen had brought them in and raised them over the years. He taught them basic reading, writing and cooking. If they showed interest in things like painting which he himself wasn't familiar with, he would at least provide them with the materials to explore themselves. Once they reach twelve years old, they were given a choice to leave or stay in the mountain. If they leave they can only visit the restaurant as customers but they will never be part of the mountain again. 

This was a bit ruthless but Chef Wen who had always been a bit paranoid thanks to his work in the palace, had become incredibly untrusting after finding out Da Gong's side effect of the plan. Chef Wen really felt like his trust was eaten by a dog, no, a rooster, once he figured out he really couldn't die until Da Gong came back and also died. 

The yin and yang shards were both codependent and independent. At the very least both must be present in the same world, though not necessarily at the same time. For example a yang shard could be a fly, and a yin shard could be an old tree. The tree of course would have been born hundreds of years before the fly, and the fly would only live a brief period and die before the tree. As long as they both were present in the world at the same time, or at least they're life and death in the world were only separated between a few years, the balance is considered maintained. 

Chef Wen was a chef. He is witty and shrewd but his intelligence was not actually as high as he liked it to be. He could create his form of spiritual absorption after years of research and hard work. He has talent but it is not so exaggerated. His counterpart however had much higher brain power. Maybe when Da Gong was just a smart rooster Chef Wen could match him but the moment the rooster awakened his awareness the IQ went up five levels and then broke the level cap. 

Confused by the situation, and moved by Da Gong's logical words and threats, as well as pressured by the time limit of someone finding them and all sorts of various factors impeded his ability to think and judge clearly. He accepted the logical food for thought not knowing he was being fed bullshit instead, resulting in this state where he couldn't live or die.

Ah, even thinking about it made him so angry.

"Remember... to make all the meat dishes chicken for my funeral banquet." He grits his teeth and hoarsely orders them, before he finally lost the strength to move. 

"Teacher!"

"Teacher Wen!"

"Wu... don't worry teacher, we will make your favourite braised rooster for you!"

As his eyes darkened the last thing he saw was being surrounded by his sobbing disciples. Chef Wen figured that it wasn't such a bad way to go. 

At the very least, thanks to the damned ritual, he won't be bonded to that psychopath rooster again in his next life ah. 

...

Somewhere, in another safe space:

"Hello little host- Welcome to the Good Brother System. I am System 7350. You are currently here in your safe space."

"???"



Arc 5 Beta Suck It Up




In the Overseer Administration that was specifically in charge of Beta Systems, Overseer X sighs as he looks at the newest data. 

"This Host is really hardcore ah," He comments mildly, "But this should produce good results once implemented." 

Overseer X taps his fingers on the desk idly in thought. Because of preference and the beauty of being rich in money and power, he could afford to wear his ideal physical form all the time. In fact most systems on higher levels prefer to wear physical bodies therefore it wasn't too strange to look at. 

It just happens that his ideal physical form was a handsome human male body, strong and masculine that looks particularly good looking in a suit- and the head of a striking antelope head. And glasses. Not because of any eye problems. Merely aesthetics. 

If Jia Hyson saw who the famed Overseer X who was Bebe's commanding supervisor he would definitely say in his heart- 

Ah. This deer is not the only one who is horny. (,,,,)

And then Bebe would probably punch him in the face for being so rude to someone who was essentially his manager boss supervisor person but silently agree. Overseer X was definitely one of the most attractive Overseers, in fact, many systems had secretly gotten together and compiled a list of sexiest Overseers, from Overseers A to Z, the Assistant Overseers Aa to Zz, and even the intern Overseers a to z. 

A serious system was a sexy system, and Overseer X, while a little strict, was clear to all to be very serious and hardworking as well as understanding and is willing to lend a hand or offer a word of advice despite his busy schedule. Plus, he looked really good in his suit... In fact, if it wasn't for the antelope head that turned off a decent amount of systems, Overseer X would have definitely ranked higher than #6 on the most attractive list. 

Bebe still resents that Overseer Z, that fucking edgelord, keeps getting top three each time the list is refreshed while it's favourite Overseer X has never hit top five. 

Overseer Y who was passing by, peers at the documents at Overseer X's hands. As Overseers their reading ability is inhuman and can process information faster than your average system. Even though there was over a hundred years' worth of data it took barely a few seconds to take it in and make Overseer Y laugh. 

"Your Beta Systems always have such eccentric hosts." Overseer Y comments, "This one seems to specialise in comedy and unexpected twists? That's pretty good, the few Beta system hosts you have tend to be more cliche, though the stability of their success isn't something to complain about-"

"En," Overseer X nods in agreement, "Sometimes a wild card is needed. This Host Jia Hyson was registered as a risk given his mental issues and morality just fall short of the acceptable threshold but I'm glad I took the risk. Besides System Bebe is a good match ah." 

"Aiyah, System Bebe is so cute though," The other Overseer sighs, "Such a hardworking little system. I admire that after it's initial dream of going into R&D failed so tragically, System Bebe had quickly bounced back and became a little rising star in the general system department and now has become a specialised system so quickly. Tsk, there's no hiding talent, it will always shine anywhere eventually."

Overseer X sneers, "System Bebe wasn't compatible with R&D anyway, the silly little thing only wanted to join to follow that idiot Overlord." 

Overseer Y tusks, "You say idiot, but despite his various... and numerous, personality flaws, Overlord Li Jun is really a genius that may actually step over the line from Overlord to Prince level. If he really manages to successfully revamp and overthrow the previous skill point system that so many hosts have complained the redundancy of, then it's practically only a matter of time ah."

"Tsk," Overseer X couldn't say much to that, "It is good, many people have been demanding an overhaul over the skill point system." He says neutrally, but his tone was neither positive or negative.

After all, he valued the little system Bebe quite a bit and personally picked it to join the Beta systems which he oversaw among a few other specialised systems. Even though he was cold, he was quite protective of all the systems under his hand, preferring to handpick and cultivate carefully. System Bebe was someone he had his eye on since it was undergoing education. 

Thinking of how such a good seedling had been taken away by Overlord Li Jun to R&D where it wouldn't be very suitable in, Overseer X had been a little dissatisfied but took the news gracefully. Fortunately System Bebe left R&D and chose to proactively intern as a wide array of general system roles, which made Overseer X quite pleased. A good work ethic like this was what he appreciated the most. 

He didn't dislike Overlord Li Jun, while the other was annoying he also admired the overlord's ability and talent in R&D. He was just a bit resentful at how he wasted System Bebe's time.

Tapping his fingers on his desk in a faster rhythm, Overseer X changes the subject. "While I like the changes of this story, it's a bit difficult to implement it in reality ah. I might have to implement higher-level measures."

With tacit understanding, Overseer Y also moved on. Thinking about how drastically the story changed, Overseer Y's expression became a bit complicated. "Brainwashing? Do you think the story is worth the paperwork to go through that?"

Overseer X rolls his eyes, "Don't be so dramatic. You didn't read the author's situation, right? I think we can do it like this-"

...

Tang Muxin woke up and scratched her head, feeling something was off. 

Wiping the sleepiness from her eyes she blinks slowly and surveys the room, her facing deepening in confusion the more she looks.

Isn't this... her old childhood room? 

But that can't be, her mother has sold the house a year ago and she, herself was living at the relatively poor conditions of the factory dormitory. 

Touching the soft mattress that was a bit worn but still very comfortable, she rubs against the soft covering she liked the most to sleep on during the colder months and then pinched herself.

"Ah!" So painful.

However seeing she hadn't woken up, she immediately jumps out of bed and grabs the phone charging on her desk. Seeing the lock screen she sees the date and falls silent.

It was the wrong month.

Opening up the calendar app her growing suspicions were finally confirmed.

She was reborn.

However, the time was not very long. She was nineteen years old, turning twenty soon. Now she is roughly only fifteen. So the time she came back was only four years ago.

Tang Muxin: What is this garbage stingy rebirth, fuck.

Cursing silently she tries to walk around and get some clues on exactly what stage of her life was at. After all, unlike in the stories, she couldn't just magically pinpoint where she was in her life just by seeing a date. She couldn't remember what she cooked last night and was supposed to eat today, much less what appointments and conversations she had on XXth day, XXXXth year. 

Her room was messy and cluttered, and to be honest she was still unused to it. However, seeing this made her filled with a sense of sadness and nostalgia and she couldn't help but reach out and touch every little thing. 

In the end, she finds her laptop in her school backpack. She recalls how when she was younger, she really wanted to get a new laptop and complained about it constantly. However, who knew later on when everything had changed, it could be said one of the few things she had that was still the same was this laggy old laptop. 

Opening it she logs in and immediately was hit with a word document filled with words. On the top in bold and way too large font was the title: The Amazing Transmigrated Journey of the Mesmerisingly Divine Good for Nothing Village Girl.

Tang Muxin: ...

Oh. 

Oh, the cringe hits hard.

There is nothing worse than being faced with your fourteen-year old's artistic talents that you had once been so proud of. Especially when what you had been once proud of was a cliche, shitty story where you put yourself as the OP protagonist. 

Massaging her forehead she scrolls through it and sees it is not even half-finished yet. At least now she has an idea at what point she was at.

She was late but not too late. Somethings were salvageable.

Tang Muxin thought she had a happy family. They were neither rich nor poor, and she looked up to her father the most. In her eyes, her father was the one who gave her gifts and played around with her and defended her against her nagging mother who constantly scolded her about grades that were just under average but still stably passing.

In short, it was a fairly typical household.

Then one day her parents got divorced and her father left the house.

It was like the sky was falling for Tang Muxin. 

Her mother was angry and didn't want to tell her anything, saying that they had some differences and simply couldn't stay together anymore. Tang Muxin had been angry and confused, constantly questioning her mother, asking why they had to divorce, why they couldn't work things out, why, why, why.

Finally her mother screamed at her and they argued before she ran into her room and cried.

At that time she called her dad.

Her dad was distressed hearing her sad voice. With a coaxing voice, he calmed her down and spoke softly to her, very different to her hysterical mother. Tang Muxin who was very emotional couldn't help but ask her dad at the time- "Why couldn't I leave with you?"

Her father paused and finally, he said in a tired voice, "I wish I could've brought you too." He then proceeded to tell her a bit about the divorce. While it wasn't specific, compared to her mother's complete shut down she was very satisfied. 

"I didn't want to, but your mother insisted on this divorce. I haven't been coming home a lot, and there have been some financial issues you don't know about... Well, she really couldn't stand it and I respect her opinion."

Tang Muxin felt her heartache for her father, and she held resentment for her mother's selfishness. But what could she do? Her father also insisted she stay with her mother, after all her school was nearby, he didn't want her to suffer with him and he wanted her to be by her mother's side. "I'm sure she's also having a tough time," Her father had said softly and Tang Muxin was so sad, silently scolding her dad as a fool to care when clearly her mother didn't seem to care for her husband of so many years at all.

So things continued like this. Tang Muxin lived with her mother but it was a house now filled with cold violence or arguments, and at the same time she constantly kept in contact with her gentle father. To also deal with the stress of the divorce at the time she decided to start writing, putting herself as some over the top super cool and competent protagonist as if to compensate for the lack of control in her life.

One day, about a year and a half after the divorce her mother who had found a job as a receptionist came back and told Tang Muxin she had met someone and was considering a romantic relationship with the man, however only if she was comfortable.

Tang Muxin was shocked.

In retrospect maybe she should have seen the signs, after all her mother was in a better mood the past few weeks and their interaction, while still awkward, was no longer cold or grating, and there was nowhere to pick a fight.

But to find another man? So fast?

The fifteen-year-old Tang Muxin who was close to her father didn't think about how one and a half years was actually not a short time at all, and only felt great betrayal. On some level she still had the expectation they would get back together. So hearing this she nearly lost it. 

To be honest Tang Muxin doesn't remember anymore exactly what she said but she vividly remembered the blinding emotion of rage and hatred directed at her mother. She was shouting, swearing and crying. However, she couldn't for the life of her remember the face her mother must have made at the time.

In the end, her mother rejected the advances of the man and continued to work as a receptionist. However she was older and had been a housewife for a long time, the pay was not good and the hours were long, but it was the best job she could do without physical labor being involved. 

Tang Muxin who originally felt a little distressed at the time seeing her mother work soon took it for granted and sneered. After all when she talked to her dad about money he admitted he also was tight on money since after the divorce he had changed jobs, and could only afford to send a few thousand yuan to the family every month or so. 

Distressed sometimes Tang Muxin would send some of her pocket money to her father in hopes he can find a good job again. She didn't want him to suffer because of her mother's selfishness. 

The financial situation of the mother and daughter was really not good and in the end Tang Muxin dropped out before entering the last year of high school, at seventeen. Her mother had been so disappointed she had stayed in her room the entire day and didn't talk to Tang Muxin at all. Tang Muxin who had also been uncomfortable with dropping out couldn't help but hate her mother even more, if the divorce hadn't happened wouldn't their situation have been fine? Why did her future have to be affected like this???

In the end, she could only swallow up all this resentment and started to work. However maybe because of how she lived her temper wasn't good and she was fired by a few jobs before she finally calmed down. Now a year had passed, she was eighteen, a dropout and now had a history of being fired for her attitude.

So she ended up as a factory worker. The hours were long, the labour tiring and the pay was average, only 2-3000 yuan a month. Still, it was enough and she also finally got to move away from her mother.

Hearing that she finally got a stable job as a factory worker, her father called her and treated her to dinner. It was simple and cheap but it warmed her heart. Compared to the stilted phone call from her mother, Tang Muxin felt incomparably happy. 

To show her filial pity she sent a percentage of wages to her father who was suffering. He had told her he wanted to send it to her mother to support her, but Tang Muxin firmly refused, saying this is the money she gave to him which he accepted emotionally. 

"I'm sorry I couldn't be a good father ah." He choked back a sob, "Muxin, you're really a good girl."

Tang Muxin felt touched and a surge of motivation and responsibility filled her. She got better and better, her youth gave her an advantage over the other older workers and her skilled, nimble fingers were praised by the bosses. Soon she could send more and more to her father, while occasionally sending some to her mother, proud to finally do her part.

While life was a bit hard, she really thought she could bear it, and soon life will give her a sweet date after eating so many bitter fruits.

However, sometimes people will only live with nothing but bitterness to eat. 

By chance, Tang Muxin's mother found out about where her daughter's money had been sent to and completely broke down. 

When Tang Muxin finished a long day of work she was greeted by her hysterical mother's phone call and learned the truth of the matter of the divorce.

For the second time in her life, she felt the sky fall around her.

Her father who said he loved her, who told her that it was her mother who couldn't take the relationship anymore and divorced him, how he was helpless and couldn't send much money to support them- it turned out he had a second family outside. 

He never lied in fairness. He just never told the whole truth. 

He loved Tang Muxin- just not as much as he loved his mistress and his illegitimate son. 

Her mother really did choose to divorce him- but who wouldn't after finding out? 

He couldn't send as much money as he wanted to- but that's because most of his wages were controlled by the mistress now. 

Tang Muxin didn't believe it at first and accused her mother of lying.

Later on, her mother left the world. It turned out she had been very sick and had forgone medication due to long term depression.

When Tang Muxin heard, her first instinct was to still call her father. However, he didn't pick up. 

Instead, her old schoolmate who had gone to Disneyland recognised her father and took a photo of him and his new family asking her if this was her dad. In the photo her dad was wearing a silly Mickey Mouse headband, a pretty older woman was hugging his arm intimately, and behind them was a handsome teenage boy around her age holding hands with a little girl who should be in elementary school looking incredibly happy and joyful.

Tang Muxin had never felt so incredibly stupid. 

It turned out her mother didn't say anything about the divorce to protect the father's image in her daughter's heart.

It turned out that while she was berating and scolding her mother about finding another man one and a half years after the divorce, her father's second daughter with the mistress had probably already been born. 

It turned out while she had been working so hard at the factory, going home with aching fingers and back, eating only bland meals, her poor father had a nice warm home to go back to, a good job, and a full stomach every night.

Hahahaha. It turned out her father was a scum man. It turned out she was a stupid white eyed wolf.

The regret overwhelmed her but unfortunately, there was no such thing as regret medicine in the world.

But now... 

Tang Muxin jumped out of her musings as the door to her room was knocked upon. 

"Muxin, I have something very important to tell you. Can you come down...please?" 

Her heartbeat quickly. Her mother's tired voice which she once thought was so annoying now had become the most nostalgic and beautiful sound. But what made her heart pound so hard was that her mother during this time only said these words so gently once, and Tang Muxin still has a somewhat vivid recollection of it. 

She slightly panicked. It turned out to be this time? Ah, ah, it was too soon. She hoped to maybe have a few more weeks to acclimate and slowly change her attitude for the better. But it seems that this rebirth was even stingier than she thought. 

Once she comes down her mother will talk about herself considering accepting the pursuit of a man. This was probably one of the biggest turning points of the relationship in her original life.

Taking some deep breaths she pats her chest and mentally readies herself the best she could before walking out. This time, this time she will be better and support her mother and her happiness. 

...

The man who pursued her mother turned out to be a sickly boss that often had to make appointments at the private medical building that her mother was a receptionist at. He had been attracted by her gentle and patient personality, and they often chat in the waiting room. Because her mother needed more money she usually took very late shifts so the rooms were usually quite deserted so it was easy for the boss to make small talk with her, only standing aside patiently when she needed to do her work.

In the end, after seeing her melancholy look and understanding the ins and outs of her past relationship he told her that he needed to skip his two appointments next week. It turned out during that time he had talked to his son seriously and after getting his approval did he return and straightforwardly proposed his romantic intentions to Tang Muxin's mother.

Tang Muxin's mother had a similar mindset to him and also asked him to wait until she told her daughter. Both were single parents who valued their children's emotional mindset, especially since they had experienced divorce once. Therefore as mild-tempered people whose relationship is not yet so ambiguous yet, they were willing to ask for the child if they were ready for their parents to take that step.

Tang Muxin's mother knew her relationship was not very good with her daughter and it had worsened after the divorce but she still had expectations in her heart. After all ever since she had met this man her temper and mental state had become much better and the fighting between the mother and daughter had eased a lot. Unfortunately in the original life, her daughter was destined to unhesitatingly destroy this expectation, cursing her out as unfaithful, a whore and all sorts of other cruel things said in the heat of the moment. 

In the end, Tang Muxin's mother with her head down and a pale face declined the man's pursuit and they regressed to acquaintances. 

However now it was different, Tang Muxin had solemnly asked if her mother would really be happy. After seeing her mother nod she had kept silent for a few minutes before acquiescing quietly.

"Well," Tang Muxin had said mildly, "As long you're happy, then try... and I... I will also try to be better too. I didn't support you divorcing, and I should have been more understanding and- well, but it's been so long now. The point is, it's ok mum. Don't just live for me, live for yourself."

Tang Muxin's mother had cried at that. It was the most her daughter had said to her for a long time that wasn't accompanied by a sour face and resentful eyes as if looking at an enemy. Hearing that her daughter really supported her, that she understood and cared... it was enough for the stuffiness in her heart to fade somewhat.

They were still not perfect people. Tang Muxin was stubborn and a bit narrow-minded, and her mother had a temperament where she liked to take a lot of things onto herself and not communicate her troubles well. Plus Tang Muxin had inherited her relatively blunt and harsh mouth from her mother too, making their relationship quite rocky. But they would get better.

Now with Tang Muxin's blessing, her mother tentatively started a relationship with the sickly boss and became happier and happier. She was still a nagging mother, but without the numerous filters covering her eyes, Tang Muxin was no longer so uncomfortable and obediently read. After all, she didn't want to live the life of a factory worker again. It was best if she could learn as best as she can, do her best to distance herself from her cheap father who had often coaxed her to take a break, have fun as a schoolgirl should, and subtly villainize her mother. 

This time she would no longer be a bad student, even if she drops out she will drop out with good grades! 

After a few months, her mother finally brought her boyfriend over.

Tang Muxin who really didn't pay attention to her mother in her last life finally met the man who fell for her mother and was shocked that her mother managed to attract such a good looking and rich man. Even in his forties, his skin was good and his face was handsome albeit a little gaunt. He was in a very expensive tailored suit and his golden watch had diamonds on it. On his neck was a gold chain. It was like the man was trying to be subtle but still couldn't help but scream how wealthy he was.

Tang Muxin: Oh, is this the infamous nouveau rich?

Despite the first impression, the man was thoughtful and clearly doting toward her mother. It seemed that his biggest flaws were that he does like to show off his money a bit too much and was sickly, but overall there was very little to complain about. He was really a good guy. Even if he was a divorced man with a son, Tang Muxin couldn't imagine he didn't lack admirers. But in the end, he was interested in her Tang Muxin's mother.

It turned out her mother shines so brightly, however it was she and her father that was completely blind to her good qualities. 

...

Tang Muxin's mother and her boyfriend were not young and after a few months more they decided to live together as a trial run. Tang Muxin and her mother moved to an empty house the man had bought so both families had relatively equal ground. The man also insisted to give the deed of the house to her mother as a housewarming gift.

Sickly Boss: "Please, it's the least I can do."

Tang Muxin and Mother, who just bought a houseplant: "..."

The man was really rich, he was the boss of a rising company that made popular cup noodles. It wasn't as fancy as a big domineering CEO but the amount of money could really not be underestimated.

This was also the first time Tang Muxin had met the sickly boss's son. And when she did she immediately fell into silence.

"Muxin, this is Jia Xiaosi's son, Jia Hyson."

Tang Muxin: "..." What a strange name, it brings the flavour of green tea into my mouth.

Jia Xiaosi smiles as he pushes his extraordinarily handsome son toward Tang Muxin, "You can also call him Jin Bao, it's our baby name for him hahahaha. Ever since he was born he really has been our little golden baby."

"Aiyah," The young man slapped his father's shoulder irritatedly, "Don't teach people all these embarrassing things about me, are you really my dad?"

"Yes, yes, our Jin Bao is so good. He's a model and was ranked class grass, school grass and T university's male god." Jia Xiaosi, no, Overseer X, smiles indulgently.

Jia Hyson, no, Jin Bao, no, to be more exact, Host Yang Jinhai of the Supporting Male Lead System grins narcissistically, fulfilling the character framework he had been provided. "Yes, that's more like it."

He looks at Tang Muxin as his handsome face dazzled her eyes as he grabbed her hand and shook it enthusiastically. "Sister Muxin, my dad is a bit dull but don't worry he's very rich and I am very handsome. We will not harm you mother and daughter at all. In fact, even though my dad's job is a bit boring I am sure I will bring colour to your lives with my good looks. In fact, my dream is to be the most popular man in china, to be known as the Beauty of the Books, and be rated top male god three years running on Duzhe!"

Overseer X: "..." This host seems to have interpreted the character a bit annoyingly but overall it's passable.

Tang Muxin: "..." Can she exchange stepbrothers, please?

...

Living with the Jia family, Tang Muxin found herself having the family she had yearned for since the divorce. In fact, it was much livelier and more exciting. 

Jin Bao did not lie and really did bring a vibrant energy to the household that neither Tang women were used to but didn't hate. Jin Bao was chatty, vain, and very open and communicative. Despite his childishness, he was very intelligent and Tang Muxin felt like she could chat with him about anything while he will joke, he will seriously consider her words and give advice the best he could or help her research more.

In fact with Jin Bao there as a mood maker and mediator, the tensions between mother and daughter had eased considerably. If nothing else they can chat over the silly antics of Jin Bao and some of the shows he had acted in which lead to talking about the show in general. 

Tang Muxin had become very attached to her handsome brother, she had heard people talk about their brothers as if they were annoying and smelly and mean but it was like this brother was born to cater to her whims. While that was a bit exaggerated it was true that Jin Bao could be considered her best friend and was very close and considerate to her.

However while initially, she held some romantic thoughts they quickly died as he was also very open about his sexuality. Still, she really became a bit of a bro-con, enjoying the sunniness of her cheerful narcissistic brother. Her mother and Jia Xiaosi were also very gratified to see them get along and their family life was good.

...

When her mother got married she smiled so brightly that Tang Muxin's eyes watered under such a sight.

A few years had passed and Tang Muxin was nineteen again. Of course, in this life, she didn't drop out of school thanks to her step-father. She worked hard and experienced a lot of fun things at the same time. While she didn't make a big counterattack to become a top student her grades were praiseworthy enough to soon be admitted into a first-rate university where she will go pursue a degree in mechanical engineering. After all, during her past life as a factory worker, she had handled a lot of similar things and she found it quite enjoyable when it didn't consume her entire life.

As for her real father... after he found out his daughter became the daughter of a rich man his passive communication become active as he sold bitterness and played a one-man tragedy. Tang Muxin who had ignored him finally couldn't take it and showed her mum.

In the last life communication was their biggest downfall. This time, Tang Muxin, under the encouragement of Jin Bao, and her mother, with the support of Jia Xiaosi, soon opened up to each other and were no longer so reluctant to hold everything in. Her mother in this life knew about the communication between her and her father, but while uncomfortable she still couldn't bear to deny her daughter her biological father's affection.

Divorce was hard, and for a rather timid woman like herself, it was probably the fiercest and most decisive thing she had ever done. However, when seeing the state of her daughter she had always been filled with doubt and worry about doing the right thing. Even if she knows she is in the right, it felt like nobody thought so. In part, this is her fault for not communicating but even the shared friends between her husband and herself defended her husband. 

Things like, 'He's a good man, are you sure you're not mistaken?' 'Isn't divorce too much? Think of your child, having a single parent is no good.' and even the blaming 'Why didn't you notice and stop it sooner? Maybe you could have changed things so it wouldn't have turned out so badly.' 

People were funny that way. Sometimes it is very clear who is the victim and who isn't, yet it is like the world is blind and a straight line becomes a blurry one.

So even though Tang Muxin's mother didn't want to let her daughter talk to such a fucking piece of shit, she also didn't want to be a cruel and heartless mother and ruin the past memories with that scum. Now that she knew they had been communicating she also swallowed that pain and allowed it. 

Still, she was a little secretly happy knowing her daughter did not pay much attention to the cheap scum man and over the months turned years of being supplemented by sweetness, her anxious heart finally felt settled and assured.

Now that she saw the slag ex-husband pestering her daughter with various lies, her heart was stronger than ever and she was firm in her beliefs on who was more right or who was more wrong. Bluntly she finally had told Tang Muxin the truth, and they both broke down and cried, hugging each other and finally moved on, blocking and deleting the scum man's number and never seeing him again.

They were very happy, but it may not neccessarily the same for their ex-husband slash father who now couldnt enjoy the extra pocket money of his daughter and slowly felt the suffocation and dissatsifaction of his mistress being so controlling over his money. 

Anyway, coming back from the wedding Tang Muxin and Jin Bao happily went back home with a lot of wedding cake and leftover food they took from the reception. Their parents had left on their honeymoon immediately and it was also a vacation for both of them, with Jin Bao purposely asking for a few weeks to be cleared from his modelling and acting career.

They spent their days like happy, fat salted fish. Watching shows, going out to play, Tang Muxin showed off her famous handsome step-brother to her classmates while her step-brother preened like a peacock, it was great. 

Then as the days drew nearer to start university, Tang Muxin began to clear her ratty old laptop. Call her silly but after so many years she was a bit attached to it. Even if she complained about it, when offered to buy one she hesitated and finally declined. With her own money she saved up to fix it up a bit but that was it.

Now that she was entering university she decided it was a good time to do some spring cleaning on her laptop. Her step-brother, hearing the tap, tap, tapping of her laptop was immediately attracted and knocked on her door asking to come in.

Jin Bao had strangely perceptive ears. Tang Muxin didn't know why but he liked the sound of her typing on her laptop the most, he could hear it from any part of the house.

Of course, when she yelled at him about throwing clothes around and not doing the ironing it was like he was deaf and dumb. _ 

Inviting him in she continues to go through her old files. Finally, she finds her half-finished story- The Amazing Transmigrated Journey of the Mesmerisingly Divine Good for Nothing Village Girl.

"What's that? Story? Can I see?"

"Fuck!" Tang Muxin turns her neck to see Jin Bao suddenly behind her, looking at her computer screen intently with excitement. "Dammit Jin Bao, you scared me- also none of your business ah."

"Tsk, don't call me Jin Bao, it's so embarrassing." Jin Bao scowls before immediately focusing back on the file. "Hey, hey- you can write? Sister Muxin can you put me in there, please? Make me super handsome and awesome and the most popular man, no the male lead!"

Tang Muxin's mouth twitches, "But I'm the female lead in there," she points out.

Jin Bao falls silent before sighing, "Well, definitely don't make me male lead then, ew, gross. That's like... a dragon fucking a rooster weird."

Tang Muxin: This mother fucker. 

Originally she was going to tell him she had no intention of restarting this shitty cringe part of her past but now she changed her mind. New life, new start, why not a new story?

And if that new story had, say, a smart-talking, narcissistic dragon that eventually fucks a rooster- well that was merely a flash of inspiration ah.   

Things have changed so much.

Now Tang Muxin was truly grateful for how everything turned out.




[Ding! You have completed the side mission- Live for 100 Years. You have been awarded with 2000p and guaranteed one random special skill from Jin Bao]

 [Ding! You have completed the side mission- Son-In-Law Acquired. Father dragon was very happy that his son had found someone to spend his years with, though was slightly dissatisfied about how short-lived his mate was. You have been awarded with a vial of fortune dragon blood, a lock of fortune dragon hair, and two medium dragon jades (approx. 4,400kg)] 

 [Ding! You have completed the side mission- Determine the Next Emperor. Because you surpassed the time limit of 30 years, the World's Consciousness refuses to give it's share of the reward, you have been awarded with A Small World's Gratitude x 1]

4,400kg is about four grown bulls worth of jade for reference. 

Jia Hyson: '...' 

Bebe: 'I think it's mad we blackmailed it about the Pan Shuchun thing.'

Jia Hyson: 'Tsk, how stingy. It's just one extortion ah.'

Bebe: 'You get upset when people don't give you free pens at job conventions. Like, you didn't even need to go to the convention, you already had a job, but you still got annoyed there was no free pens.'

Jia Hyson: 'WHAT IS THE POINT IF NOT FOR THE FREE PENS! THEY'RE THE BEST FREE PART!'

Bebe:   

Ignoring the last side mission reward, the reward made by father dragon also was something worth complaining about.

Maybe before, if Jia Hyson had no context, he would be ecstatic upon receiving such a large amount of the highest quality warm jade. Not just top tier jade but jade infused with spiritual energy that promotes health benefits and anti-aging effects too! But now that he knows where the dragon jade comes from in this world, ehmmm... 

Well. A good thing was a good thing. Even if he felt complicated thinking of the reward he wouldn't be stupid enough to give it away because he felt a bit awkward. That shit was expensive. No matter where it came from... or where it came out from... the various benefits of it were irrefutable. Whether in the modern world, ancient, wuxia or even zombie worlds, there was an obvious use for such an item that was not only rare, beautiful and also had both healing, nourishing, spiritual and anti-aging effects. Plus since it came from father dragon, there was probably a luck boost as well.

Jia Hyson who suddenly arrived at his safe space, had initially instinctively flinched at the sudden barrage of formal pings in the sky. But after listening to it and chatting with Bebe, he had quickly calmed down. However, he was still a little dazed looking at the unfamiliar yet nostalgic appearance of his safe space. 

He had lived over 250 years in the last world, mainly to fulfil his side mission, but also to ease the hearts of father dragon and mother dragon. 

However in the end he still left under the excuse of his weak body and poor foundational nourishment causing him to die young as a little sickly seed. His parents were of course sad, but they had long given time to make peace with this and their hearts were now able to move on again after seeing with their own eyes that their child had lived a happy spoilt life. 

To be honest, he could've stayed longer, nothing was really stopping him. While it was true his body was essentially not good compared to other dragons it was still the body of a dragon. A sick dragon was basically healthier than a hundred athletes, and living five hundred years or more would probably be no problem. 

However after Da Gong left, Jia Hyson felt everything was a bit boring. 

To be fair he had spent a very long time traveling the lands on earth and during his time in heaven he had realised, like many cultivation-esque worlds, heaven had mainly more scenic attractions than anything else. No matter how beautiful the scenery and wildlife was, there was a limit to how much enjoyment you can get out of it.

Jia Hyson had even started his old little research projects out of lack of anything better to do. In fact this was actually quite novel, and he did enjoy it. After all, if he hadn't become such a successful writer he would have pursued a career in animal science. However the biggest problem with the career- ignoring the salary, job stability and so on- was that 1. Writing up scientific reports and theses was the biggest pain in existence and 2. The animal welfare board made it difficult to do animal exerimentaion.

Bebe: ...Wait, is that why you did your studies focusing on insects and invertebrates??

Jia Hyson: ,,UwU,, Maybe. 

Anyway, now that the side mission rewards were sorted it was now a matter of p and a game of skill gacha. Unable to wait much longer Jia Hyson rubbed his hands and requested to use [Skill Stealer]. Since he was a lucky dragon in his last life some of that must have rubbed off on him right?

[Skill Stealer] gave a chance to steal special skills the original body was born with, and the list of special skills Jin Bao had was extraordinary, putting all the previous bodies to shame. Mainly because the number of special skills they had could be counted with one hand... collectively. 

Past original bodies: '...' Well sorry we're so useless!

"Come on luck," Jia Hyson muttered with his eyes squeezed shut as he activated [Skill Stealer], praying that he would be able to pull more than one special skill at a time. "Gacha gods please be kind, I worked so hard, I did so many good things..."

"No you didn't." Bebe scoffs, making the veins in Jia Hyson's forehead throb.

"I paid my taxes and did charity!" Jia Hyson protests, "And don't say these things when I'm communicating to the gacha gods or I will buy a teacup pig body for you, I'm rich now, it can fucking happen."

Bebe: '...'

Oh, it really had hoped it's host with his short term memory had forgotten the teacup pig thing already. It seemed petty spite was a very good motivator to maintain your memories. 

Successfully quelling the sass from his sasstem, Jia Hyson finally opens his eyes and sees two blue notification text boxes floating in front of him.

[Saintess Soul Bind, Who doesn't want to find someone to worship you ah? (Conditions not met)]

Jia Hyson didn't expect he would catch this one. He was indeed intimately familiar with the skill after using it for so long with Tang Muxin. Essentially with this skill you will be able to bind with someone and can telepathically speak to them, and as owner of the skill you have more control in sending the other thoughts and emotions to maintain your character set better. 

It sounds good at first until you consider two main points- the conditions that need to be met and the fact you really can't take off the soul binding. Theoretically it was actually possibly to take it off but it would require someone with extremely high ability in the subject of souls to help. This meant that unless the world was of a high level world such as one with a fantasy or cultivation setting, it really was impossible. 

"Bebe, what are the exact conditions for the bind?" Jia Hyson had always just assumed when he saw that, it was simply just a matter that the condition was the person must be a protagonist such as Tang Muxin. However if that was the case the skill was really quite useless and would only be rarely used. After all, most stores are written mainly in the protagonist's perspective, there's a limit to the excuses one could make to suddenly develop a telepathy plot line. 

"A person who meets the conditions is meeting someone that is important to the plot such as a protagonist, love interest, supporting lead or even vital cannon fodder," Bebe immediately explains, "However the person could also be favoured by the World's Consciousness or Heavenly Path, someone with strong luck or a constitution suitable to having their soul easily manipulated so you could force the binding onto them without their consent."

Jia Hyson was surprised there was actually quite a few options. Then again it was true one of the first few people he had met was Tang Muxin the main character whose thighs Jia Hyson immediately hugged the moment the option was available to him. Afterwards he was bound to her and didn't get to see who else he was compatible with. 

Curious he asked, "Was anyone else compatible for the soul binding Bebe?"

Bebe falls silent for a second before saying complicatedly, "Do you think the soul of a wrongly transmigrated person, a barely mentioned character that could not even be defined as male supporting lead at some point, a gloomy crippled prince who was barely mentioned and may or may not be the true villain of the story, and a villager who could not be anymore of a background character- could fit with the conditions of being vitally important to the plot, favoured by the World's Consciousness slash Heavenly Path and, or, someone with strong luck or a constitution suitable to having their soul easily manipulated?"

Jia Hyson also falls into silence. Contemplatively and hesitatingly he answers, "Prince Yan Huizhong seems eligible for the last one?"

"...Well that is true but unexpectedly no."

Bebe and Jia Hyson pause for a second before they simultaneously burst into laughter. 

Wrongly transmigrated person Pan Shuchun, barely mentioned character Duan Mengyao that could not even be defined as male supporting lead, villager who could not be anymore of a background character Ye Cheng: '...' Damn, you just left the world and spend no time mocking us huh.

Gloomy crippled Prince Yan Huizhong who was barely mentioned and may or may not be the true villain of the story and totally looks like he would have the constitution suitable to having their soul easily manipulated: '...' You fucking bitches.

The next skill was a little more useful but not by much in Jia Hyson's opinion.

[Dance of the Dragons, A flick of the tail, a twist of the claw, come, let us dance (Inactive)]

[Dance of the Dragons] is a dance skill that entrances people and depending on the level of the ability they can even have an urge to want to dance with you, it is a seductive and flexible dance. This skill could only be improved by practicing the dance a certain number of times and reach a certain level of technique and insight and other bullshit dance things. It was currently at level 1 because Jia Hyson could count with his hands how many times he used it. 

Jia Hyson: "The first one was in front of the ministers, the second was for the emperor's birthday, the third, fourth and fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth... hehe that was for Da Gong."

Bebe: ...

In fairness the dance of the dragons was a very beautiful dance if a touch too sensual. However with more practice it can become more seductive or more restrained and official. 

Unfortunately Jia Hyson, being who he was, and having used the sacred dance as a way of coaxing his rooster on special occasions, had turned his rather poor interpretation of the dance into something downright lewd. While it was still undeniably good looking it was very spicy to the eyes. One could say it will take him a lot of practice to improve.

However unexpectedly, Jia Hyson was not really fond of this skill. Mainly because he felt embarrassed doing it. Even if it was exciting, and the feeling of humiliation spurs him on, on some level, the embarrassment was seriously a bit too much for him to do it too often. After all he was never a dancer and had always been a bit subconscious of himself dancing and felt he was very awkward doing it. Even when he put on a confident and playful facade of not caring how he looked while dancing, inwardly he was screaming with anxiety over what the hell his hips were going to do and whether he should shimmy his shoulders or bop his head after he finishes whatever shit his feet was doing. 

Added onto that, was the very damning fact that when he did [Dance of the Dragons] for Da Gong, there was no music to accompany him. None. Not even a beat. How could he not feel awkward and silly ah. 

In fact, if Da Gong didn't clearly love the dance, probably due to his past bird life where mating dances were normal and significant to a male bird, Jia Hyson would definitely not have done it after the first time. 

Honestly when he started dancing in front of Da Gong on a whim, he had planned to stop after a few moves, however seeing the almost immediate reaction in his lover's lower region... well... obviously he had to see where it goes ah. 

And in fairness, it went extremely well hehe. 

But still, the problem was, Da Gong, despite being immediately erect and excited, would wait happily until Jia Hyson's dance would finish. 

The entire dance lasted roughly twelve minutes.

Twelve minutes of clumsily twirling, leaping, stretching, twisting, swaying, and posing, to nothing but the sound of breathing and the background sound of nature. 

Da Gong during the time: My worm is so beautiful and graceful. I love when he does a mating dance for me. Laozi feels so loved. (,,,,)  

Jia Hyson during the time: Fuck! Which- my hands, and then twist my hip inward while pointing the toes and- fuck, fuck, fuck Da Gong, fuck this, fuck me, fuck it, fuck, fuuuuck, fuck! ()

Sighing, Jia Hyson accepts the skills [Saintess Soul Bind] and [Dance of the Dragons] with not much optimism. It is undeniable in very specific situations they can be played very well but to be honest he preferred something more useful in a general sense. Well, two slightly redundant skills were better than no skills anyway. 

"You still have Jin Bao's skill reward," Bebe reminds him kindly yet a little condescendingly, like the voice of a mother trying to coax her dumbass child who found out Santa wasn't real. "Come on- if that skill isn't good why don't we go get some ice cream okay? I know a good place in one of the human school district areas of Host World that does amazing ice cream sandwiches."

Jia Hyson: "...Is there mint cookies and cream?"

Bebe: "You can customise and pick any flavour and pair it with any cookie sandwich, and extra fillings for an added 5p."

Jia Hyson: "Let's do this!" ( w)b "Spin the wheel Bebe!"

To encourage it's host, Bebe altered the gacha process and changed the holographic visuals from a simple text box to a much more dramatic silver wheel of fortune with bright blue writing, with each segment showing every skill option Jin Bao had. "You can touch it so it can spin," Bebe generously told Jia Hyson, satisfied by his wide-eyed and happy reaction.

"Thanks Bebe," He cheerfully expressed his gratitude and went to reach out to touch the wheel.

Just like the famous show, the large wheel spun very fast with the pointer slowing it down bit by bit, really bringing a sense of tension that Jia Hyson originally didn't have before. Originally he was quite lax but the more it spun and the more the various skills passed the pointer, Jia Hyson subconciously became more and more tense until the pointer finally slowed down and settled on a skill.

[Karmic Insight, Level 8]

"YEEEEEEESSSSSSSS!!!!!!" Jia Hyson screams victoriously as he shakes his fists at the sky as if punching all the gacha gods who had previously wronged him his entire life. It was a very embarrassing sight, but as a man who would constantly pull shitty consecutive pulls in any gacha game until the game gave him one of those pity pulls that felt incredibly condescending, he didn't care at all. 

Hahahahahaha it feels so good! So cool! 

The skill he used the most apart from [Cutie Beam], and that he liked the most is definitely [Karmic Insight]. Not to mention it's high level also crossed over. As expected of a lucky draw given by a lucky dragon, the reward was amazing!!!

Jia Hyson was so happy he probably could laugh himself awake when sleeping. 

Karmic insight isn't straightforward, and compared to other skills related to foresight it could be considered quite troublesome and vague. But the thing is, Jia Hyson didn't need anything straightforward. He likes a mix of spontaneity and control in his life. He wants to do fun things that may lead to unpredictable consequences that will enrich his life but he also doesn't want them to be bad things that produce a cost he can't afford either.

It is why he likes to make many small calculations and back up plans in his mind when doing things, as long as he feels the risk isn't big he can jump in recklessly. Maybe it shouldn't be defined as spontaneity and maybe this couldn't be defined as a meticulous planner either. But hey, people were complicated with all sorts of shades and depth, the point was now with [Karmic Insight] he can not only calculate his little plans much better when he needs to be assured his chose path is not bad, but he could also have a good sense of 'crisis' for others when it is used, which is useful for brushing up other people's affection. 

A good example is character A declares to go into the woods, you use [Karmic Insight] and see that the colour of aura is murky or dim you could tell they would face problems. As long as you look and consider joining A on his trip into the woods, as long as the aura brightens or fluctuates you can be assured you're current abilities have a good chance of changing the fate and helping A. Of course if the aura doesn't change or becomes pitch black it means your intention to fall will probably neither help or even make things worse.

No matter how it looked, other than the fact the interpretation can be a little messy and takes a bit longer to ponder on sometimes, the skill was very convenient. 

With a big smile he accepts the skill and then brings up his status menu in order to admire his favourite skill being placed there.

However he immediately detected something was wrong.

The status menu which would have lists of various skill levels from arts and crafts, to swimming, and how competent Jia Hyson was in them had been greyed out. 

However at least his special skills however were still available to see, and he put aside the greyed out normal skills in favour of looking at his updated list. 

[Animal Charmer Level 2] 

[God's Scribe Level 8]

[Psychotic Break Level 1]

[Burger Prince Level 3]

[Malevolent Intent Level 10]

[If Looks Could Kill (Active) Level 4] 

[Voices of the Dead (Active) Level 4] 

[Cruel Caress (Active) Level 8] 

[Psychotic Euphoria Level 2]

[Psychic Terror (Active) level 3]

[Soul Sucker (Active) Level 4] 

[Corruptor of Children Level 2]

[Whipper Snapper Level 2]

[Future Weapons Master Level 2]

[Saintess Soul Bind] 

[Dance of the Dragons]. 

[Karmic Insight, Level 8]

Jia Hyson pressed his forefinger and middle finger to his lips, kissing them before lovingly touching the [Karmic Insight, Level 8]. "Oh god, aren't you just the sexiest words ever typed up." He groans.

"...Are you flirting with a skill?" Bebe calls him out with disbelief and disgust. 

Jia Hyson shrugs, "Hey, I'm just making sure it knows it's being loved and appreciated. Now tell me, what's with the greyed out area?"

Bebe sighs, "Many hosts have started to really complain about the skillset menu for the last six hundred years or so when the general average level of technology host's were taken from had finally caught up to roughly your modern age. Because they are more aware of technology and gaming mechanics people realised how redundant and useless such a skillset menu was and demanded an overhaul."

Thinking about the endless amounts of skills, both useful and useless at varying levels, how you would have to spend points to slowly grind it up and how the higher the mastery of a skill the more points needed to be spent, Jia Hyson had to agree that the way it was designed and developed was really a bit too pitted. It's normal for most people who have played games and have good self-awareness on this subject to feel the need to complain, especially when you could also buy items to temporarily or even permanently improve yourself with the easier to earn p. "So what happens now?"

Most systems had gotten a notification to the unprecedented modification and upgrades they were going to go through. Bebe was no exception, "Well, as you can see the skillset is locked for now to prevent hosts from using more points. It's impossible to reimburse everyone for the exact number of points already spent or had, after all there's so many hosts and the processing power and energy costs for undergoing maintenance is already a lot."

A lot was under-exaggerating. The programs for the systems to show a host's menu was interlinked with their banking, their special skills and so on. This meant in itself it was quite intricate programming work just deleting the needlessly large amount of skills in the basic skillset menu. Not to mention with so many systems to give out to, with varying levels of complexity, there will inevitably glitches and problems. 

Maybe a Pet system will download the new format perfectly but for a Counterattack system which has slightly different considerations and technicalities there could be an error which deletes the host's entire savings of p or something. 

This was also why the higher ups were reluctant for making the change and why it took so long. Even a genius Overlord like Overlord Li Jun needed a lot of time and planning for this proposal to be accepted. 

Jia Hyson didn't understand the details but he knew at least that it wasn't a small matter. Still as a host he has more opinions biased toward a host. Hearing Bebe's explanation so far he can't help but frown. After all there were many more hosts who have been doing this longer than him and assumably have spent a lot of points as well. To hear that they can't get their points back might make them great dissatisfied, especially if they were the type to save up and spend frugally. "Is there any compensation at all?"

Bebe also understands what Jia Hyson was talking about, and quickly assured him, "We systems aren't heartless. While it's not set in stone, Bebe heard from the grapevine that they'll be compensation according to the length hosts have been working. For example if you have worked over 100 worlds you should get about a million p but if you are a newbie with one world, you probably only get 100p." Bebe also adds cheerfully, "And for the people who carefully saved over 100 points or more they will also get some bonus compensation on top of that."

Touching the tip of his nose thoughtfully Jia Hyson hummed as he parsed through the information. Honestly things like financial math was really a weak point of his, fortunately this was not too hard to mull over and he finally determined it was a rather fair deal. 

"Well, I didn't really spend many points so I don't really care," Jia Hyson sighs, he wouldn't say no to more points but he had recently gained a decent amount right now and honestly his job as a Beta System host was fairly forgiving anyway. "How long will the maintenance be?"

"This... because the more systems upgrade themselves they will differ a little to other systems of the same type you see." Bebe coughs, trying to hard it's emotions, fortunately it had no physical form of Jia Hyson could see the system's mouth failing to suppress a big smile, "This means systems will be called up in groups to undergo a period of maintenance and their respective hosts will be temporarily assigned a new system for at least one world."

Jia Hyson: "Why do I feel like you sound really happy ah?"

Bebe: "Hahaha Bebe? No way-"   

Jia Hyson:   

...

...




Unfortunately for Bebe, the time for maintenance isn't here and therefore neither is its vacation away from it's perverted sick fuck of a host.

Jia Hyson: () Bebe love me again.

While Bebe didn't know how long it will take, Bebe did know that at least it will get a notification at least a world beforehand to have time to prepare and inform its host of the changes. Still, the system wasn't optimistic it was any time soon. How many systems are out there? Even if the summoned group was a few thousand each time, the chances of being picked early were still quite low.

Once side mission rewards and skills were distributed now it was time for the main reward.

Bebe excitedly told Jia Hyson, "Hey, hey, we did really good this time ah. Just for the rating alone, Bebe can tell the p we earned was definitely not low."

Jia Hyson was also excited but he coughed and tilted his chin up with arrogant confidence, "Well," he nods as he gestures to Bebe to continue, his whole body exuding a 'I already know I won, it's only a matter of how much.' 

Bebe: '...' Its previous excitement has been extinguished. 

Thanks to Jia Hyson and Bebe's efforts, The Amazing Transmigrated Journey of the Mesmerisingly Divine Good for Nothing Village Girl has changed its name to Three Transmigrators, Three Men, and a Rooster. 

Jia Hyson: Well, the naming has undeniably improved ah.

From originally a story with 2.3 stars, Three Transmigrators, Three Men, and a Rooster, has jumped to a very proud 4.5 stars.

Here were the reviews:

[Wow... you can tell when the author is talented when they make you reconsider dating the usual Asian guys and go straight for the big black cock instead LMAO (Update: No I'm not being racist! Read the story for the love of something that isn't god-because I don't think god would really approve it ahahahahahah)

I can't believe I'm emotionally invested in the love story between dragon and rooster.

Really like the main character! It's a nice angle where you actually made the cliche overpowered female transmigrator actually have some understandable that isn't just 'low EQ'. Plus the male lead was not the usual domineering powerful type that could match the protagonist in power but was merely somewhat powerful, and the strength of the relationship lies within mutual respect and shared interests which is very sweet. 

I came here with expectations but was bitterly disappointed at the stupid plot. Brainless, doesn't make sense. The dragon and rooster thing was creepy and gross. 

Love it!!!!! LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT DA GONG BEST BOI!!!

Amazing! The writing style is mature, the jokes are pretty consistently funny, the tropes are subverted well but not too outrageous (okay it's pretty outrageous but it's really good outrageous!)

To be honest I came here expect the usual plot, but I was really pleasantly surprised! I especially like the transmigrator who became a dragon Jin Bao, he's so funny ahahahah! 

Am I the only one dying at how author has written the most cliche 'crippled unfavored prince villain slash male lead character who will show his prowess and abilities later on in the story and win the hearts of everyone' and has used him as a punching bag ahahahahahah. I didn't realise I needed so many male characters dissed until now. Great job author! This sand sculpture type of story... I like it so much!

Ummm... am I the only one who recognises the brief name drop of the dragon transmigrator being called Jia Hyson before they brushed it off and called him Jin Bao from then onwards??? 

Upstairs! You're not alone!! Could this be a black fan of my male god? I want to be angry but - pfffttt, who told the author to make it so funny? Besides it is really a bit like my male god ah.

Upstairs, you don't read the author's note ah, this person is the male god's stepsister! My male god has also approved! Hahahahhahaha!!! The male god is so understanding to name drop himself in such a unique manner, as expected of my male god!!! 

The plot was good, wasn't happy that there were so many gay side couples. You might as well have just cut the main character out and made it completely gay so I didn't have the misfortune to see all that unnecessary stuff. Or better yet just don't add so much homosexuality. It's ancient china for god's sake, keep it realistic somewhat. But yeah once you push past that, the story in itself is very unique. 

I've never been more attracted to my KFC bucket in my life. (Update after reading chapter 217: I've never cried more into my KFC bucket in my life)

Ahhhhh I love that they put in gay relationships in this female lead story!!! And everyone was so supportive and the author did it in a humorous way too so it's also not like in your face either too, I highly recommend it guys!

Many twists while still retaining the typical transmigration plots but it's undeniably a breath of fresh air. Especially the interaction with Tang Muxin and Jin Bao, and then later on even Pan Shuchun. 

Usually, other transmigrators are depicted like mortal enemies, cannon fodder etc, so seeing them all be friends and work together was actually really cool! I love they all had their own specialities too like there was some overlap but that helped their friendship further! 

The guys were also cute! They were cliche too but because of the transmigrators, you see them a bit helpless and silly which gave them a new flavour heheh I like the cinnamon roll Ye Cheng the most! 

And we can't forget Da Gong! OMG the most domineering tyrannical and doting character you will ever meet- as well as the biggest cock hehe. I won't spoil but he's hands down the best!!!

Okay, but someone explain to me why my standards from a boyfriend now feel inadequate in the face of a rooster? 

Upstairs, I will explain but you must explain to me why my invisible third leg is standing up for a rooster first.

Ya'll are crazy simping for a rooster... when you could be wishing to be Pan Shuchun's lily garden instead!! Ahhhh mommy! Let me hold your thighs!

Wtf did I just read? ...never mind I will read it five more times just to figure it out hehe.]

Overall the reviews were ultimately very positive. Jia Hyson felt a great deal of relish reading the reviews, after all even if he didn't personally write the story he was still the one manipulating in the shadows. 

What was even more satisfying was that, he can also fully enjoy reading the story afterwards, completely unlike if he actually had written it. There are people who don't write that think that writers practically get to write exactly what they want to read and get revel in the awesomeness of having a book catered to their tastes.

To be honest, when Jia Hyson started writing he also thought along the lines. He had been unhappy that he couldn't find a story he wanted to read so he resolutely decided he might as well try writing one! But the thing is, dreams are beautiful and reality is cruel- the enjoyment of reading your own work is really not as good as reading someone else's. 

It's a similar to the well known assignment of breaking down and interpreting a movie at school. Even if the movie was one of your favourite movies ever, the entertainment of it is inevitably ruined by the fact you are forced to analyse it, determine any symbolic dialogue, find the meaning in the costumes and lighting, listen hard to note down any changes in the musical that emphasises the current atmosphere... 

Does the character's name have a special meaning? Is there a reason why the sun is setting in this scene? Is this purely to create a visually stunning scene or is there a deeper meaning behind putting the white roses at the foreground of the shot?

After six weeks of re-watching the movie, writing pages of observations and interpretations, and then finally answering like three essays worth of questions about it... Well, you can still like the movie and rewatch it occasionally but heh, the initial spark has definitely dulled.

It is similar to writing. As the person who has written the story, the process is fun, interesting, stressful, tiring, and a range of emotions that also depend on your current headspace. The writer pulls out ideas from their imagination, forces them into a somewhat logical order, fleshes it out and stamps it into each word they manage to type into reality. 

It's a very gratuitous feeling. 

But it also makes it very hard to reread your own story without 1. already knowing what will happen next, 2. noticing all the mistakes your brain didn't have the courtesy to notify you about after posting despite you checking thrice, and 3. having the urge to want to write it better. 

Jia Hyson is a 'freestyle' writer who has a few ideas, writes them down and just goes with the flow, writing as he goes along and tweaking as he goes along, sometimes even spontaneously changing the entire direction, adding a new scene on a whim, choosing to suddenly change the character profile of someone who was supposed to enter the very next chapter and so on. Because of his easy style, he is probably less effected by this feeling then the more pedantic authors, and can often enjoy his older works with minimal cringe and self-hatred.

...Mainly because by then he had forgotten most of what he had written and there's a nostalgia factor involved. 

Still even he tends to just skim the story, only stopping at the 'best bits' or favourite lines. It is not the same experience as reading something someone else has written, devouring each world, slowly forming characters in your mind, and wondering what will happen next or already forming theories. While he liked writing his stories, Jia Hyson could confidently say compared to reading his own work, he was much happier reading other's, but at the same time what made him happier than that was reading about other people enjoying his stories through comments and reviews and even discussions on forums.

In short, right now he was experiencing the joy of simultaneously reading many good reviews and will also still be able to experience the happiness of reading a good book. Jia Hyson was extremely satisfied. "Bebe, save the book to my library, let's read it together afterwards."

"Got it-" Bebe obeys, after all it was a bit of a habit to occasionally read the stories they changed together and laugh at the stupid things they recall from it. Bebe could purposely lower his processing time so he could deliberately match more or less with Jia Hyson's reading speed and it was fairly enjoyable to do occasionally. "Now generally skill points are rewarded with the extra bonuses, but obviously that's irrelevant currently. Since the Beta system is a small niche specialisation we're just getting a lump sum estimate based on the usual points. We scored very well in diversity, character development, world building, emotional depth and you actually didn't do anything worthy of getting an OOC punishment, giving us a bonus of about 6000p."

While Jia Hyson was happy to hear he finally didn't go OOC, he also felt the bonus reward was a little strange. He recalls in the second world, if he hadn't shown such a big character loophole as a result of a major OOC, he could have gained over a 100 skill points. Therefore he wasn't sure if 6000 p was a fair conversion. 

Then again, Jia Hyson was a little concerned but he not so much that he would protest. After all, it seems like the systems were undergoing a big change in determining currency for hosts plus the subsequent changes to the system shop economy with everyone suddenly getting more p than before, so it was understandable there was a lot of trouble in this situation.

Ah, if this was a story, this sort of clumsy transition would probably be a rather pathetic attempt to fix up a poorly thought up system mechanic introduced in the beginning of the story. Tsk, Jia Hyson can only disdain such a stupid author.

"Anyway, with such a good turn out, it is almost as good as the second world. Therefore you have been rewarded with 13,000p. The compensation for the inconvenience of shutting down skill points has also been converted and you gain 6000 extra p on top of this!"

Jia Hyson swallows heavily. While he couldn't actually be called a rich man among system hosts but he was sure that the rate his wallet was fattening up was surely worth a lot of envy and hatred.

This world earned him 19,000p, and in his wallet he had earned 166,320p. This was mainly due to the kind and generous compensation he had earned early on complaining about the harsh conditions of the so called reward world he had been brought into... Jia Hyson sincerely hopes more mistakes like this happen hehe.   

Now with the added 19,000p he had 185,320p, which was quite an amount. Jia Hyson definitely didn't have to worry much about basic expenses and luxuries for a while unless he splurges on very expensive items. Fortunately, everything in the system is all good quality, and while Jia Hyson likes luxury he doesn't not have any strong urges to endlessly pursue the best things like some celebrities and rich people out there. 

Seeing his chubby wallet of p, Jia Hyson decides he might as well take a break from working and enjoy the convenience of the system world. The last world was very comfortable in the latter half it was true, but it was still a setting based in ancient china. The perks of the modern world were still overwhelmingly superior. Even if he had unlimited universal wifi, it was Bebe who was mainly taking advantage of it as Da Gong had been plastered against him the entire time.

While he could have imprinted the things he was reading and watching with the wifi into his mind, Jia Hyson hadn't been comfortable with the feeling of closing his eyes and seeing whatever video or story he had previously looked at during the nighttime. In the end he still prefers using his phone, still accustomed to having a weight in his hand and scrolling happily away like the phone addicted man he was. 

Sometimes, even a hundred years in the world, he would still instinctively try to reach for a non-existent phone in a pocket that wasn't even there. He always pretended it was an itch when he realised but eventually Da Gong had thought that there was an actual problem and insisted on getting Tang Muxin to make a cooling medicinal paste for his skin. It was a bit embarrassing ah. 

Thinking about Da Gong, he instinctively looks around the room with a faint sense of expectation. "By the way, I don't think I saw Da Gong's shard..."

Pacing around the room, Jia Hyson glances around, his eyes were fairly sharp and it's not like the shards which glowed, were hard to miss. However, after a few minutes, he came up empty. Even when asking Bebe to scan the room, there were no traces except for the usual number in the drawer.

Seeing there was no Da Gong shard awaiting him, Jia Hyson felt a bit helpless and lost. Knowing the bird, he would not leave him hanging like this, and so Jia Hyson tried very hard to recall Da Gong's last words. Even if the memory was vivid, it had been a very long time, and it was impossible for him to recall word for word. 

Fortunately, it was completely possible for Bebe.

"Tsk. Little worm, it's a pity and a blessing to not be able to follow you to wherever you go after this... I want to see you again soon." Da Gong voice echoes in the safe space, quiet yet penetrating. 

Hearing the final words again Jia Hyson's heart trembled violently for a moment but eventually it calmed down. Even if the rims of his eyes were reddened he was still quite serene after taking a few breaths. 

To be honest it wasn't that Jia Hyson was cruel or cold hearted. Well, he was a little, but that wasn't the point.

After Da Gong died he stayed in the world for another fifty years or so. He had a period of depression but in a way, after the first time Da Gong had left, the second time was much easier to accept, especially after living so many years happily together. 

While Jia Hyson was occasionally wistful and morose, after so long, of course the taste of love had faded somewhat. Time can heal most wounds and blur most memories. 

Jia Hyson's love for Da Gong in his opinion was true but he realised he was not the type of person who will be carved and reformed irreparably by love either. And that's okay.

Some people think true love is meeting someone you can't live without. There are people out there who will commit suicide after their true love dies, or will never fall in love again. Jia Hyson commends them, really, but he doesn't understand it either, nor does he appreciate the romantics pushing their views onto him and making him feel guilty. 

Fifty years was enough to mourn and move on. That was a whole lifetime for some people. But even if he got over it in five years, while maybe it's not very beautiful, it's not wrong either. Most people only have one life, should they be sad their entire life just because of love? 

Jia Hyson feels extremely lucky. He has one life but it is infinitely longer than a normal person's thanks to being picked as a host for the Beta system. Therefore he should experience as much as possible and use this opportunity to enjoy himself, not torture himself.

"Repeat the recording." He orders and subconsciously held his breath. 

Bebe obediently does so, after all for it, the order was simple but despite his host's bluster, it knew it was much less easy. After all, logic was cold but emotions were warm- when things get too hot some things will inevitably change shape if only a tiny bit. 

Listening to it again, Jia Hyson was more focused on the words said than the way his heart throbbed. To be honest, the words were pretty straightforward once you consider the assumption Da Gong roughly knew his identity and Jia Hyson's identity. 

While he didn't have all the information, a picture was forming together slowly.

In the first world Monroe suddenly left after meeting Drake. Drake didn't show any big changes though. Both left shards, Monroe first, strangely being able to send the yin shard through mail, Drake sent his yang shard personally to his hand when dying. 

The second world, well there was all sorts of hints. The old veteran cultist with silver eyes encountered the younger Li Guiren and attacked him before dying inexplicably before Jia Hyson dealt the fatal blow. Later Li Guiren's child Tian Shun had silver eyes and Li Guiren's initial expectation of the child chilled. Both left yin and yang shards, both during the moment of death.

The third world Sefu showed little to no signs and seemed fairly unaware. Only at the end of his life did he also pass a yin-yang shard.

Now the fourth world, Da Gong and Chef Wen acted way too obviously when they met each other. Some sort of ritual was done where Chef Wen killed Da Gong so he could be reborn through the people who ate his flesh. It is unknown what happened to Chef Wen but he had gotten noticeably older afterwards before disappearing. Now there is no shards.

With these observations, Jia Hyson could infer a few things that he quickly wrote in his rarely used notebook.

1. The yin and yang shards can recognise each other. Most probably it is stimulated by physical touch. 

2. There may be some sort of age restriction as neither the child Li Guiren and the child Tian Shun reacted oddly but did so when they were older. (This needs further observation.)

3. The yin-yang shard is not self aware. (No appropriate trigger with another shard? Something to do with the fact it has both yin and yang components at the start already? Only seen this in Sefu, need more observation)

4. Once 'awakened' they have certain abilities that seem pretty complicated. 

5. Meeting shards and gaining their affection does not guarantee taking their shard. (Due to ritual/special skill consequence? Maybe it is because Chef Wen who is not affectionate didn't give up his shard and needs both to be brought over to the safe space for balance? Mix of both? Alternate unknown reason? Needs more observation.)

Jotting down the key points and thoughts on them Jia Hyson was satisfied. And then he added a little cute doodle of a fat chubby rooster for aesthetic reasons. With a little smirk he boops the rooster doodle on the beak affectionately before frowning and hastily closing the notebook, throwing it to the side lazily.

Anyway, now that he had given himself some breathing time Jia Hyson lies down on his bed and snatches the docile Fishball who was snuffling around the pillows and hugging it with one hand on his chest while he opens up another blue holographic screen. "Hmmm, can you change the page to customise Fishball?"

Immediately the screen which had his default stat menu changed to show a picture of the soft fluffy grey rabbit Fishball as well as various arrows to swipe to see customisation options as well as a colour palette underneath.

"Host, Bebe reminds you, you can't actually turn Fishball into a bird." Bebe kindly reminds him. It's true you can do a lot of things in customisation but for the sake of capitalism you couldn't just arbitrarily change the species of the little pets you bought, instead, you must buy another pet of your newly preferred species instead. 

"Hah," Jia Hyson scoffs, "We'll see about that."

Bebe: '...' RIP Fishball.

Fishball: U U ??

First Jia Hyson changed Fishball's colour to white and then bought a special skin for 50p where the fur on the little bunny's body became soft and fluffy feathers. Finally, he simply bought a rooster outfit for Fishball with a complimentary little paper beak one can stick onto the face with a little elastic rope. The outfit was even cheaper, only 25p. It barely made a dent in his savings, from 185,320p to 185,245 p.

And now Fishball looked like a fat fluffy white rooster... with bunny ears but that honestly just made it even cuter. 

Jia Hyson cackles and squishes the obedient chubby Fishball like the cutest stress ball ever before rubbing its tummy onto his cheek violently and lovingly. "Ah, ah, ah! Fishball you're really the best!" 

Fishball: U ,,,,U 

Bebe: '...' Bebe thought Bebe was the best... QwQ Not that Bebe cares... Peh...

After doing all sorts of things, that, if Fishball was a real animal, would probably need to call Animal Protection Services for, such as twisting, painfully rubbing, and biting the cute plump feathery body of the bunny, Jia Hyson felt very refreshed. 

Once he finished playing, he threw aside the feathery Fishball in boredom like a scum child. "Okay Bebe, let's do something else."

Fishball: U QQU 

Bebe: Heh.

Because he had struggled so much with the white lotus acting class last time he had cancelled most of the other classes he had signed up for at the time. 

It should be noted, he had to be recommended extra classes and was suggested to do a full semester course which includes actual grading when he came back from this world. Unfortunately, even though a recommendation from a teacher is less a recommendation and more 'strongly insists like how an anaconda on your neck strongly insists you stop breathing,' Jia Hyson didn't have much interest in restarting it right now. 

Him cancelling all the previous classes was fine, after all, there was no cancellation fee and he was given a full refund thanks to the humane system world's policies in regard to education. But the problem was now that it's been pushed off, Jia Hyson is too lazy to start it. 

It was like the previous motivation was just a dream. 

This is the problem of many people. Motivation, determination, these sort of things, it is like a spark on a cold windy day. If you don't jump at it and cultivate it carefully, it will quickly extinguish and it is a bit difficult to find it again. 

For some people, maybe the spark is very strong and can continue to persist for a while, maybe it can turn into a warm fire on its own that only needs a bit of encouragement occasionally. But more often than not, people will have short-lived sparks. 

Sometimes they can take care of it until it becomes fairly sustainable without too much effort but a lot of times, the moment when the spark is lit there were other external factors that prevented the person to take care of that spark.

For example, Jia Hyson suddenly has the inspiration and motivation to write something new. However this spark is quickly ignored because of all sorts of reasons like he is too busy with his current works, his editor had just arranged some PR stunt, his mother suddenly called him, there was a funny video a friend sent him, there was too much pressure, he just got a bad review or even that his lunch was ready to eat. 

Maybe in his heart, he will swear to himself- just after this, give me a few minutes, let me just finish this first, then I will go back to you, I promise, this time I will focus on you.

Then, poof. The spark is gone. Maybe the inspiration and idea are still present, but the urge to start certainly isn't. 

This is just for things you enjoy doing, for things like classes that are not for enjoyment but more self-improvement... haha, Jia Hyson would like to say the distress he feels when the motivation is gone is the same amount of distress he has when looking at a messy bed- almost zero. 

Still, now that he has time he can muster up some strength to force himself to do some classes. Partially since he has time to kill, partially because he is interested in interacting with more hosts. 

In the end, he does continue his previous intentions in the fourth world to consolidate some of his linguistic knowledge and continue to book an animal language class. 

Specifically, specialising in the classes for chickens and ducks, and dogs. Because in a modern-day world it may be more convenient to have some understanding of basic dog speech. Cats not so much, after all, most cats are quite haughty, it's not only harder to communicate with them but harder to approach them at all. 

He also decides to do a toy-making class. Jia Hyson had always been a little interested in that as a child. Maybe because he has a childish heart he always kept a little dream about being able to make all sorts of fun things, however, it was a small dream and not a passion. 

His family life was okay, if you ignore his father, the family was very close-knit and in terms of money, it was not bad off. But there was still the standard pressure most children had growing up, with the expectations of good grades to produce more good grades in order to get into a university that will lead to a stable and hopefully high paying job. 

When he was younger he was more arts inclined, dreaming of being an artist, then a comic book artist, an animator, a mangaka, a fashion designer...

If you have ever had typical Asian parents most people will be able to imagine what the response to such career choices would be.

Parents: Ha. Ha. 

Ah, nothing like the denial of a dream. QwQ

Honestly, his art and crafts were pretty good, and his drawing was enough to be praiseworthy. But the level was only praiseworthy for middle schoolers at best. 

Jia Hyson, after a few years of doing art classes, calmly faced the fact that he was very far from any sort of professional level. While he liked it, he was pragmatic and was more inclined in securing financial stability and knew a career for himself in art was not one of them. It was better as a hobby. 

In the end though, whether it was possibly being faced with his own lacking art skills, depression, academic stress or something else, ironically he dropped his interest in art out of his own violation and it was his mother who became concerned and tried to encourage him to at least continue for fun. Jia Hyson did appreciate it but at the time he was simply not interested and only picked it up occasionally when he felt the urge. 

Because his other big hobby of reading was cheap and there were few problems except probably the excessive time finishing a good story and neglecting schoolwork, there wasn't too much fuss over it and he continued to safely enjoy this hobby. This wanton love for reading that only became more excessive after dropping art, eventually lead to picking up writing. And so this subsequently became his future career in the end, despite all the previous planning for stability and ambition for pursuing art. 

Life is funny that way ah. Sometimes you will drop something and think yourself talentless, only to find that there was a talent you had all along that you previously ignored and never discovered because of your previous stubborn thoughts and narrow worldview. 

However, now that Jia Hyson has the opportunity, time, and was fairly rich in p, he felt maybe it was good to try to go back to learning some things he was always interested in doing when he was younger but always made excuses to not do, even after so many lifetimes. While he knew he wasn't very talented, he had time to work on it now. With no pressure and expectations, it became much easier to explore all the paths you had wanted to before.

Besides, even though this probably wasn't a useful class and probably many hosts would pick something more practical, Jia Hyson felt like with how his system works, he has the opportunity to learn those things anyway in the worlds he transmigrates to since he enters fairly early before the plot takes place. Therefore he might as well choose classes based on his own personal interests and enjoyment to enrich himself at his own pace. 

Besides, learning a few nifty tricks and fun facts won't hurt ah. _()_/

Bebe, knowing the fickle mindedness of its host also thoughtfully booked the earliest class sessions for him. 

With the idea to try things that he wanted to do in his original life in mind, Jia Hyson also picks one other class which was the gardening class. He didn't book a whole course but chose to take only a class on the basics of growing and maintaining indoor pot plants. 

"My mother loved to collect indoor plants when I was in university," Jia Hyson sighs a little wistfully. "Now is as good a time as any to learn ah."

"Why didn't you learn from your mother back then?" Bebe asks curiously.

"Ah, well," Jia Hyson coughs embarrassedly, "We fought over the pot plants when I was younger, more as a joke but it's undeniable I somewhat resented them on some level for taking my mother's attention away from me."

In fact, fighting was a bit of an understatement. A re-enactment of an afternoon soap opera was probably more accurate. 

Generally, it would go something like this:

Scene- the house, Jia Hyson's mother walks in with new plants.

With wide eyes, Jia Hyson will stare at his unfaithful mother and point at the plants with the rage of an abandoned housewife.

Jia Hyson would then proceed to shoot the stereotypical dramatic barrage one would see in a cheating scene. Calling out to throw out these 'green bastards', his mother's illegitimate children, and accuse her of cheating on him by bringing these outsiders into their home while he was outside working hard for the family. 

Some of his most used lines were-

"They may be green but the one who is truly green is clearly me."

"Shameless woman, I only look away and you've brought a new baby home. No... this place can no longer be called home anymore... it is merely... a house."

"After everything, I've done for you... are you willing to throw what we have away for some pretty young thing??"

His mother would scold him for swearing at his new 'siblings' then accuse him of leaving her all alone, can't be helped, pot plants A, B and C were so pitiful how could she not bring them home. 

"You are green? Perfect, you will have something to talk about with your new siblings."

"If it's a house for you it is still a home for me and my new plants."

"For pretty young things on discount? Mother is willing" :)

Young Jia Hyson: Fuck, are you really my mother.

Typically Jia Hyson would, in response, usually clutch his chest pitifully and sadly tell her how she has changed and that their mother-son relationship has lost its spark after so many years.

Then his mother would roll her eyes and make kissy faces at the green bastards before telling him to go water the other children, making Jia Hyson screech incoherently about the humiliation of catering to the bastards' whims but will still do it anyway. In short, there was probably five seasons worth of Little Hyson's household fight with his mother's indoor houseplants.

Bebe: ...

The Jia family household sounds like it was a lively place. 

...

Before they attended the first class which was basic chicken and duck languages, Jia Hyson decided to go take a walk in Hostland and eat some food. 

Bebe was more familiar with Hostland and transported him to an area similar to a marketplace, full of mainly stalls. These stalls were by a mixture of hosts and systems who rented the place to practice their cooking skills. There were also stores with more high-class food products that took longer to make. Many of those stores were spaces for various cooking classes, and certain class exams would be conducted there as well.

Jia Hyson looks around with great interest. The streets weren't deserted but you wouldn't call it bustling either. That's mainly because while Hostland was definitely very nice, Hostland was an incredibly large space and most hosts were already more interested in working than playing around for long periods of time. Especially the ones who want to go back to their own world. 

Going back to their world right before they died cost 100 million p. If they want to go to a time before that, the price is higher depending. For example, if a middle-aged man wanted to go back to when he was a child the price is roughly tripled maybe quadrupled depending on how active the person's life was. This is fair, after all this sort of time travel paradox thing was quite a complicated procedure to accomplish. 

Still, for Jia Hyson who wasn't interested in such an end goal, it didn't matter much to him.

"I want cake!" Jia Hyson exclaims, "Bread! Oh god, I want so much bread. Let's go to an Italian place, I am going to commit mass murder on a pizza."

Bebe: _ ...how do you- never mind.

Jia Hyson's mouth was practically drowning in drool as his nose was assaulted with the scents of freshly baked, grilled, and roasted food. It was true he lived the high life in the last world, but how could he not be dissatisfied with the lack of international cuisine. 

The main thing was the wheat. Wheat was ground and used as noodles and dumpling skins and buns. And that was fine. Noodles, dumplings and buns were delicious.

But god. Jia Hyson was willing to die for some freshly baked rosemary focaccia with crisp, cold and sour-sweet bruschetta on top... 

Or a bagel... 

Oh, what he would have done for a toasted garlic sesame bagel layered with a large amount of cream cheese, then some jalapeo pieces for a spicy kick, then of course smoked salmon and then some pickles, and a spread of tangy tomato relish and sweet dijon honey mustard...

In the end, Jia Hyson was overwhelmed with indecision and bought something from the closest shop in the area he was transported to. It was one of those large American slices of pizza which was not really what he had in mind at all but damn, that was some good stuff. 

Strolling through the street he practically swallows the deliciously oily, cheesy slice down as his throat whole, like a snake, as his eyes gleam predatorily toward all the more western food stalls. 

If Bebe didn't know better, it would really think Jia Hyson was hunting down his next fuck buddy. 

The stall and shop owners under Jia Hyson's heated gaze: (,,,,,)?! Eh?! I-is he looking at me? 

In the end, Jia Hyson inexplicably got quite a few discounts and extra samples of food. Throwing another small packet of hot crispy chips into Bebe's space, Jia Hyson chews on a freshly grilled shish kebab charred under an open flame. The meat was juicy and the Mediterranean mix of spices in the marinade made his nose and mouth tingle in the best way. 

Incredibly happy Jia Hyson shoved the napkin with the kebab owner's contact number and name into his pocket and ran to the churro stall. He only had twenty minutes before his class started, so he might as well make the most of it ah!

...

The first class he took was for the language of chickens and ducks. Since Jia Hyson had experience with chickens at least it was not too bad... Depending on who you asked. Jia Hyson at least thought he did quite well.

"Cluck, cluck, cluck." A hen fluffed up her feathers.

"Cluck, cluck, cluck, coo, cluck," Jia Hyson softly clucks.

The hen preens and walks away a short distance, then after scratching the dirt a bit, she squats on the ground submissively and lowers her wings. "Cluck," She glances at Jia Hyson coquettishly.

Jia Hyson looks up at his teacher who was staring at him with an indescribable look. "Teacher James, do I pass?"

Teacher James laughs angrily, "I told you to ask Missy if she was hungry! Not to fucking have sex with her!"

Jia Hyson looks at Missy the chicken, who was beginning to look impatient as she wriggles her butt and glances at Jia Hyson more frequently, and falls into silence. 

"Well," He finally says, "She wasn't hungry, but she was definitely thirsty ah."

Teacher James closes his eyes and draws a cross on his chest as he mutters something. After some deep breaths, Teacher James opens his eyes and calmly looks at Jia Hyson with a calm smile that was quite unnerving to look at. "You seem fairly fluent in basic chicken, duck is similar but not, a bit like your Chinese language with many dialects. I will introduce you to Daniel the duck and teach you greetings, body language to look for and how to ask basic directions and questions again... once we do that we'll go back to chickens again." 

Jia Hyson blinks. That seemed fair. "Am I going to meet Missy again?"

"NO!" Teacher James shouts before coughing awkwardly, "I mean, no, Missy will probably take some time to... calm herself. I'll find a rooster instead, they're more aggressive so it'll be useful to learn the warning signs easier as well."

"Uhm, actually I-"

"Let's go!" Teacher James practically ran to the duck pond, leaving Jia Hyson with Missy who was still presenting to him. "...Bebe I think I'm going to have to learn as much as I can from this, you helping me take notes?"

"Oh yeah," Bebe dryly replies, "Because Bebe knows you're never going to be allowed back in this class again." 

...

The animal language class for dogs was much more popular than for chickens and ducks. However, nobody was very interested in talking with each other. 

Jia Hyson could only say, fair enough.

After all- Puppy. 

Puppy cute. 

Very cute.

Too cute.

'Please host don't do anything bad.' Bebe begs in his head. 'System SoSo and it's stupid host is here too, don't make Bebe lose face in front of that bitch!'

Jia Hyson who was playing with a fluffy brown puppy and rubbing it enthusiastically while trying to mimic barking sounds, rolls his eyes as he silently communicates with his annoying system, 'You fucking relax, I've lived hiding my psychopathic violent tendencies for so long, I can control my overwhelmingly extreme cute aggression okay?'

'You're first thought when you saw the puppies being released was, and Bebe quotes, 'Ahhhhh! They're so cute I want to punch their cute little faces and chop off their little baby paws and swallow them whole!!!'' Bebe snaps. 

Jia Hyson sighs heavily, 'Bebe, they're really cute ok. I'm not going to do it ah, I'm not that bad.'

Bebe: 'You forget Bebe can see the images in your head.'

Jia Hyson: '...' He still wasn't going to do it! Damn! Is it his fault they're so punchably cute?!?!

Bebe: '...' Bebe isn't sure what its host's period of silence means but Bebe senses the answer is yes. 

...

There were a few days between the language classes and the toy making and gardening class to avoid being exhausted. Jia Hyson spent it lazing around, reading, watching garbage and occasionally going out to chat up cute hosts.

Sharing a freshly fried, crispy churro with the handsome kebab host from beforehand, Jia Hyson felt pretty content. 

Ah, life was good. 

...

"This is not bad." Jia Hyson comments idly as he clumsily sews the seam of his plushie manta ray. The minky fabric was soft and very comfortable under his fingertips, even if it was a bit hard to keep it from shifting a bit, Jia Hyson didn't want to compromise on the feeling of the fabric. 

The top of the manta plush was navy blue with star patterns, and of course, the bottom was a basic white minky fabric. Coupled with the big black shiny eyes, it was incredibly cute. Seeing it slowly come together made Jia Hyson very satisfied. 

"It's pretty good," Another host sitting across from him comments with some envy. The host was a young teenage girl that looked like she might be of Spanish descent, Jia Hyson wasn't sure, he was never great at the stupid 'Guess the Race' game. After meeting such a variation of hosts over time, he felt such a thing had become even more redundant than he already had thought it was. 

Despite them being different races, of course, there is a problem with the language barrier. Fortunately, all classes are equipped with universal translators so there's very little problem

The teenage girl host was currently trying to sew the wings for her bat plushie. Jia Hyson had signed up for the classes more inclined to simple hand-sewn and crafted soft toys and plushies. 

It was a fairly simple class format, after doing some practice stitches and learning the differences of fabrics and other products, they would be given an array of 'patterns' to choose from and take their time to make their toys under the supervision of the teacher. If they had time they could make more than one, either way, they got to bring anything they make back to their safe space. It was a very relaxing class that gave everyone the opportunity to chat while they work. 

They even served snacks and tea in between. And not just the basic cucumber ham finger sandwiches and cheap cookies, but proper little cakes, little bruschetta bites, sushi, sliders, mini tacos and so on. Mess is not a problem as they provide a magical item from Bebay called- Fabric Stain Remover.   

"Haha, it's just because I chose one of the easier design patterns," Jia Hyson humbly replies. He had nothing to prove in picking anything elaborate anyway, his personal taste in plushies was that simple was best. He didn't actually like plushies with too much sewing and accessories on them, for him, the simple touch, the feeling of softness and comfortability was more important. "Truthfully if you look closer my stitches are really uneven unlike yours."

The teenager beams, "Thanks!" Warming up to him, she introduces herself, "I'm Isabel, I have a helpful female supporting lead system." She pats her chest assuringly, "Despite how I look, I've gone through over eight worlds with good marks! It's why I can finally afford to do a few classes ah."

Jia Hyson's mouth twitches slightly. While he doesn't know the average pay of basic systems he knows that it's not as good as a specialised system. He has the feeling that if he reveals the amount of p he earns in each world he would probably be beaten up no? "I am Jia Hyson, it's a pleasure to meet you."

Isabel didn't seem to realise he hadn't revealed his system type and smiled a little foolishly, "Hyson? Is that English? But your Asian right? So that means it's your first name right? Unless you introduced yourself the western way? Then I should call you Jia?"

Jia Hyson's face becomes a bit embarrassed at the barrage of words, and he coughs awkwardly. His name wasn't just awkward to his fellow Chinese but also a bit confusing to foreigners as well. Who told the people who brought him into the world to be so bad at naming at the time? (Author God: I'm so sorry) "Yes, Hyson is my first name, just call me that."

The girl nods like a chicken pecking rice, very enthusiastically, it was hard to hate her. "I see, I see, Uncle Hyson it is!"

Uncle Jia Hyson: '...' Girl, if you went through eight worlds you might be even older than me ah.

"Pftt-!" An older woman who was next to him tried but failed to hold back her laughter. "Ahaha, sorry, sorry, I couldn't help but overhear." She chuckles, "Your name is very... green tea... green tea uncle... ha ha ha..."

Green tea uncle Jia Hyson: '...' This old man is being bullied but can't refute anything. 

After finishing having a good chuckle, she introduces herself, "Sorry again, I'm Su Lin. Ah, I guess Lin Su to you though." Lin Su chuckles again, "I've been taking a lot of worlds with western settings these days so I've been getting mixed up to be honest."

Fortunately, Jia Hyson was fairly used to his name being taken strangely and was generally quite patient in socialising. Laughing along Jia Hyson skilfully continues the conversation, "Really? That must be a lot of worlds then ah. What do you do?"

"I'm a System Law Enforcement Officer," Lin Su smiles proudly, "So the SLEO system."

Jia Hyson and Isabel look blankly at her. Of course, most hosts were chosen with their personality in consideration, generally, most hosts will not be so 'sensitive' to a little ego bruising. Even if Lin Su's job wasn't recognised she happily and patiently explains what she does, "You've heard of bugs, world breakers and world hackers, right? Essentially, if a host finds one and it seems a bit difficult to deal with we'll be called to help. Not just that, we will also come to investigate various circumstances and cases as well as chase down the more notorious villains."

Isabel's eyes were practically shining with respect and admiration. "That's amazing!" She praises, her vocabulary wasn't very eloquent but the enthusiasm more than made up for it. Lin Su held her chin up, pleased.

Jia Hyson, while less exaggerated also gave the woman a lot of face and showed an awed expression. If there was one thing he had learned when he took up the slightly unconventional hobby of murder, was not to be stupid and provoke law enforcement. In fact, it was best to befriend a few if possible for convenience and safety. 

Lin Su's plush was one of the more complicated designs available, an elephant, the type that should be able to stand up alone when properly stuffed. With a girl who liked to talk, a lady who liked praise and Jia Hyson who was skilled at witty conversation, the three chatted along happily as they continued to make their plushies. Because of their jobs as hosts, they were used to socialising with new people and it made it very easy to become friendly. 

Because Jia Hyson's was the simplest he made a larger manta plushie after finishing his first one, making the dorsal side a mossy dark green. Since he was more or less aware of the steps, his hands became a bit faster and soon he had finished once more before Isabel had even gotten her bat's head attached to its body.

"Gilipollas," Isabel swore angrily seeing the smaller starry manta sit on top of the big green manta smugly. "You can't make another manta or I'm going to declare your cheating."

"Tsk," Jia Hyson rolls his eyes as he touches his two plushies intimately, "This isn't a test I can make an army of mantas and there's nothing you can do to stop me."

"You must like mantas a lot ah," Lin Su comments as she struggles with her own plushie. 

"Well, it's cute," Jia Hyson shrugs, "Plus it's easy."

Isabel and Lin Su: '...how candid.'

Still, he changed his design pattern anyway, he had an image in mind he wanted to pursue. Bringing back various different flower designs, the two women watched curiously as he slowly made various little plush flowers and plants. The design was even simpler than the manta and quickly he had a small pile. 

It was only after moving the green manta closer to himself and placing the flowers on its 'wings' did they understand what he was doing.

"That's such a cute idea!" Isabel claps, "A garden on the manta, I like it a lot!"

"En, you're quite the creative." Lin Su nods, "I might do that for my elephant if I have time." 

"Same, same!" 

Jia Hyson glances at their unfinished plushies and smiles meaningfully. "I see," He simply said.

Isabel and Lin Su: '...' Peh! Smelly man! Looking down on our girl power!

The women both look at each other and their rather unsightly creations and fall silent. Well... just because they were females they shouldn't be expected to be good at sewing ah! This is the time of love and equality! 

Jia Hyson: "I'm going to make a seal now, what are you guys going to do- oh wait. Heh."

Isabel and Lin Su:    

...

The gardening class started straight after the plushie class. Fortunately, it was in a space that simulated an outdoor garden so it gave people the opportunity to stretch one's legs and look around if they wished. The format of the class was similar to the toy-making class except there was more emphasis on theoretical knowledge. It was more or less common sense though, and the plants they could pot all came with a small information sheet to help.

Since the animal communication classes, Bebe really couldn't take it anymore and treated itself as a driver, going off to drop off its host before going off to play. It was only when he picked Jia Hyson up afterwards did Bebe get to see the results of what the other had done during the lesson.

"This is Bastard 1, this is Bastard 2, Bastard 3, Spiky Piece of Shit, Small Bastard-"

Bebe: "Oh... I see someone still isn't fully over their childhood bullshit huh."

"-and Cutie."

Cutie was a fuzzy white bushy plant with a small purple-red flower bud sitting prominently on a branch. It was indeed a very cute looking plant. But the thing was, none of the other plants really lost out aesthetically either. Even if Jia Hyson said they were bastards, the plants he picked were really quite lovely. After all, these were houseplants you got to bring home so he wouldn't wrong himself by picking ugly ones.

For example, Bastard 1 was a pearl variant of a mini Jade plant but the edges of its leaves shone with a pale silvery iridescence like the nacre of the mother of pearl. Bastard 2 was a Prayer plant (Calathea Ornata) which, instead of the usual green leaves with striped pink markings, was actually the reverse, with the leaves being a lovely pastel purple-pink with contrasting dark green stripe markings. Bastard 3 was a golden philodendron. Spikey Piece of Shit was... well it was just a light blue saguaro cactus, and finally Small Bastard was a plant commonly known as Baby Toes. 

All in all, while it depended on preference, most of them were roughly on the same beauty level as Jia Hyson's favoured Cutie.

"Cutie is something called a, ah, Baby ljuv Berry, white variant." Jia Hyson happily explains, "Ijuv in Swedish means sweet, apparently, a Swedish host found this and brought it back from a fantasy world as they found it was quite easy to transplant. The berries are supposedly really delicious-"

Bebe felt it was a little interesting to hear until it vaguely realised something. Looking at the other plants that had been, while not neglected, but treated much less dotingly, Bebe couldn't help but voice out its suspicion. "Hey... Host, are you basing your plant's likability on whether you could eat them or not?"

"Hmmm, well yes, and also if they produce nice flowers too." Jia Hyson absentmindedly replies as he adjusts the solar lamp he had bought to give his Cutie the best angle.

Bebe: '...' Bebe knew it! 

Indoor houseplants were generally leafy plants or succulents that don't often flower much less bear fruits. Most of the appeal was the greenery they produced, the variations of leaf shapes, and their relatively easier maintenance. 

Jia Hyson was the type that liked aesthetics but always added more points in his heart for practicality. Plus, after living with the other so long, of course Bebe knew that the other was more attracted to looking at flowers, especially ones that attracted birds and insects. 

Seeing the bastards all huddled in a corner with only Cutie sitting on a stool under the solar lamp like it was the star of the most boring theatre show in the world, Bebe couldn't help but pity them. It seems history is really doomed to repeat itself. Fortunately, Bebe will be here to remind its spicy chicken host. 

After four lessons and various miscellaneous small purchases such as buying food, love hotel fees, decorations and a few basic clothes, they had spent about 2749p, which wasn't really much. Seeing the 183,496 p still left Jia Hyson was tempted to play around a bit more. 

However, in the end, he was still a little eager to go to the next world. 

Refreshed, and full of vigour Jia Hyson sits on the bed and gives one last pat to Fishball. "Let's go, Bebe-"

"Fu- wait Bebe needs to save Bebe's game!"

Jia Hyson: '...' This fucking game addict was more tempted to play around than himself.  

After waiting a few minutes Jia Hyson takes out his phone starts to scroll mindlessly again. Ah, he really hopes the setting will have wi-fi accessible to him. He's going to be high-key pissed if it's another ancient type world.

"Okay! Bebe is ready!" Bebe happily declares before seeing the salted fish appearance of its host. "Tsk, tsk, you're still not ready yet?"

Jia Hyson: '...' (   ) "You fucking garbage piece of-"

"Initializing.. prepare for transmigration in 3... 2... 1..."

...

When Jia Hyson opens his eyes he frowns and wriggles around. Twisting and turning, he looks around with his limited mobility before immediately recognising where he was and relaxing.

Ah, it was just a coffin.

Bebe: 'How the fuck can you tell so quickly.' SusEyes.jpeg




The coffin is really nice.

Actually, it was incredibly nice.

Soft interior, very plushy walls and an equally plush bedding floor lined with what felt like true silk velvet. Jia Hyson had only had the opportunity to touch pure silk velvet a few times before when he was Prince Farrell and in the last world as Jin Bao, and even in those worlds, it was incredibly rare and expensive. 

However, it was undeniably such an exquisite fabric for a reason, as it's smooth and soft sensation caressed your hand the moment you touch it.

If Jia Hyson could describe what pure velvet silk was, it was like the Kobe beef of the velvet industry. And when he says kobe beef, he means the highest tier kobe beef, not that basic tier shit. 

Jia Hyson felt that it could do with some pillows and plushies, and a thin blanket would be just perfect. But honestly, it was truly a luxury coffin that was simply wasted on the dead.

Feeling his teeth suddenly itch, Jia Hyson absentmindedly reaches up to touch the rather unpleasant sensation in his mouth and pricked his fingers on the sharp edge of what could only be a fang.

Interesting. 

He had some suspicions given the whole coffin thing, and the fact he could clearly see so well despite being encased in the darkness of the coffin with no light in sight. However, from what he could tell, his clothing was fairly modern in style, not luxuriously medieval European at all.

"Let's see the story, Bebe," Jia Hyson closes his eyes and accepts the information sent to him.

The story is a modern fantasy campus drama called Miss Fang and her Vampire Boyfriend.

It was a tale of, well, Miss Jessica Fang and her vampire boyfriend, published on a rather famous Western site known as Wattpad. It was actually quite popular for various reasons. 

Jessica Fang is a completely average, supernormal high school girl who starts her second year in Middleton High by saving a handsome man that ends up being the second prince of the biggest vampire coven in America- Damien Rose of the Golden Rose Coven. 

She hides him in her place because he's being attacked by the Eclipse Coven, a rival vampire community, which he suspects is being helped by his younger brother Prince Kieran. 

Jia Hyson: '...I quite like the names.'

Bebe: 'That's all you could say?'

Jia Hyson: 'What else can I say? They're good names. A bit tacky but not too cringe. It's not too over the top you know?' 

Jessica Fang is very edgy sounding, like a comic book character. Damien Rose... it's a bit too much of an erotica male lead name but it's still quite handsome. 

He also liked that the coven name Golden Rose which isn't so on the nose about the vampire thing and Eclipse is a stereotypical but popular word for this theme. The basic story premise is so cliche that it couldn't be more cliche but if the names are not awful, people, especially young people, will inevitably be attracted to it. Writers need a decent sense of naming, if you don't have a balance between the fantastical and the mundane names in a story it can be a bit too hard to bear.

For example, naming the main character something like; Snow, Angel, Zero, Xypher, Dragon... Jia Hyson apologises but if he sees that in the synopsis he will automatically assume it as garbage and move on. 

Maybe he's wrong, but he rather be wrong than risk being caught reading some shitty story about the love between the plain average girl Anastasia 'Angel' Heartstone and the brooding mysterious man Novae Nightingale, with her childhood friend Xavier Knight that also holds a dark secret... 

Anyway, after a period of recuperation and living together where the pair cultivated good feelings, Damien Rose leaves Jessica Fang without a word. 

It was for the typical reasons of him fully recovering but being torn to leave this warm environment he had grown fond of with Jessica. Yet at the same time, he had his responsibilities and his problems wouldn't go away just by ignoring them. 

The trigger for him to decisively leave was because Jessica accidentally cuts herself while trying to make a meal for the two. Damien, who has both, not drunk any blood recently and was attracted to Jessica, pushed her down like a hungry beast. Of course, he didn't do anything but he scared her quite a bit, and he too had become shocked and appalled at himself, apologising profusely.

The pair make up and they have a sweet scene of him taking care of her cut and helping clumsily make dinner with her. Then during the night, like a total gentleman, he stared at Jessica while she slept, and reluctantly left when the sun started to rise.

Yes. He just left. No note, or anything. Why? For plot reasons. Why did he stare at her while she slept? ...Plot reasons.

This sudden departure, causes Jessica to worry as well as gives her the opportunity to perform all the emotions of an angsty teenager in love really. However, she doesn't indulge in her complicated emotional monologues for long as he is revealed to be a new transfer student at her high school a week later! 

This is because when Damien came back to the Golden Rose Coven, his younger brother Kieran had already done a lot of things in his absence. Using Damian's death as an excuse, he had swayed many of Damien's allies, corrupted others in Damien's name, and presented 'evidence' that implicated that Damien was the one who had connections with the Eclipse Coven.

To be honest, Damien had only been with Jessica for like two weeks. So this was really quite impressive.

However, just because vampires lived long it didn't mean they all treated time as a thing to waste. Kieran had done a lot of groundwork beforehand, he had the status of the third prince, and as the person who was actually guilting of making deals with the Eclipse Coven, he had a lot of dirt to plant on people. So while still impressive, it was not completely hard to believe.

Kieran had actually expected Damien to die, the injuries were incredibly severe after all, even by vampire standards. Not to mention he had also been poisoned because Kieran was nothing but a thorough brother-murderer. Jia Hyson respected that sort of work attitude a lot. After all, if you're going to kill someone, you gotta really make sure you succeed or else what's the point?  

Bebe: '...' _ The worst part is he's not wrong.

Therefore, Damien coming back from the brink of death after two weeks was truly unprecedentedly fast. 

Spoilers for the last book, the recovery speed was because Jessica Fang is the bullshit incarnation of a goddess or something- it's really not that important right now- but hey, the foreshadowing was quite good and made it seem like it was simply the male lead's superior abilities for now. Jia Hyson admittedly thought that was quite well done.

Still, him recovering so quickly was actually another nail in his coffin. The other Golden Rose members who were present at the time witnessed the brutal injuries and also reluctantly admitted that it should be impossible for Damien to survive unscathed in just a fortnight unless he developed super healing.

In the story, they explain this was unlikely as he already had his own unique power and generally vampires don't dual wield, and if they do, the powers will manifest at the same time. Alternatively, he was faking, and it was all a scheme made by him and the Eclipse coven in order to establish his prestige in Golden Rose, cementing his persona as a loyal prince. 

Jia Hyson who had read this silently dissed the logical loophole. After all healing abilities were not flashy, it is totally possible the male lead did manifest these powers at the same time as his main power, and there was just never any opportunity to show itself. Yet everyone seemed to feel like the convoluted and elaborate plan that was the second option was more legitimate. 

Damien and Kieran's older brother, the first prince Silas, was not a fool but his biggest flaw was he was unambitious and lazy. If he wasn't incredibly powerful, everyone would be more than eager to kick him from his eligibility as the King of Golden Rose. 

It was also because of Prince Silas' lazy attitude, that it allowed the ambitious Kieran to grow a wolf's heart and dog's lungs, ready to destroy his older brother for the sake of having a chance at the crown. 

Essentially, Silas played the important supporting character who was powerful and wise enough to give Damian the backup he needs, but also his character flaw he had provided the legitimate reason for letting a lot of stupid shit happen under his nose in order for Damien and Jessica to solve it. 

In this situation, Silas knew Damien was innocent and suspected Kieran. However, while he was powerful, he was not as popular as Damien and not manipulative and active in making connections as Kieran, therefore his ability to uncover the truth was limited, not to mention the evidence was really damning. 

Therefore he had 'banished' Damien to live in the mortal world, limiting his powers almost completely. Silas, like a good supporting lead, had also secretly passed Damien an item that can bypass his restrictions a certain number of times which was an incredibly useful and convenient plot device.

Of course, nobody else knew about Silas' show of nepotism, and everyone thought it was a fair judgement, after all, vampires loved their bloodline the most, especially the pure noble and royal bloodlines. Nobody but Kieran was really interested in killing Damien, and they felt such a punishment was humiliating and fitting enough. This approval for his unbiased judgements stabilised Silas' problematic reputation, for now, allowing him to investigate the situation more easily while also making it hard for Kieran to make any big moves.

And so, this brought the romantic subplot between Damien and Jessica back to the forefront. 

Yay.

Damien has to get used to not being a vampire while trying to find ways to prove his innocence. Silas brought in a vampire with powers of foresight, who directed Damien to find what he seeks in Middleton High where Jessica is. He slowly assimilates into human school and life, Jessica of course is the one who helps him with her own 'outcast' friend group, and she also discovers he's a vampire in the process after he fights off one of Kieran's hired assassins who found him.

Then comes the plot of there's actually a big secret to Middleton High, where the school was once a school for vampire hunters and there were a lot of hidden tunnels and other bullshit. But the main thing is, there is a magical artefact called the Pearl of Past Truths. This is the item that would prove Damien's innocence.

In the end, Kieran will also find out about this, which will increase the urgency for both parties and provide a sufficiently climatic atmosphere. Many battles and fights will happen between the humans and the vampires Kieran sent out which was generally shown in a comedic light or showcasing the ingenuity of humans fighting back. In fairness some of it was a very 'convenient coincidence' but overall it was rather praiseworthy. 

Finally, the group discovered the wherabouts of the pearl- it was the centrepiece of the trophy for the year-end talent show.

Jia Hyson: '...' Why.

It was also discovered the headmaster who had always known the value of the pearl and is also an ex-hunter, carefully protected this pearl which could be said to be the heirloom passed on from headmaster to headmaster, all of who were retired hunters. Therefore for the rather mediocre group of vicious vampires that Kieran could only find the opportunity to hire as assassins, they could not fight back at all against this headmaster, and desperately chose the only alternative option. 

To compete fairly (completely sabotage) the talent competition and win the trophy. 

This is possible as one of the vampires had the power to switch bodies. They replaced the most popular girl- who was also a typical bully character to Jessica- and the rest of the vampires just went around being dicks essentially. 

In the end, Jessica and Damien win the talent competition through their moving love song where they finally confess their feelings, gain the pearl, defeat Kieran's goons, and finally wash Damien's reputation white. 

Kieran is sentenced to the same sentence as Damien, except Silas was far less kind and didn't give Kieran any way to temporarily bypass his restrictions nor did he give a timeframe to when his exile will be lifted. 

The story ends with Damien and Jessica holding hands as they walk to Middleton High affectionately surrounded by their friends.

Overall, the reviews for this were good. Jia Hyson also could not find much fault with it. It was a cheesy teen drama. There wasn't much he could say really, It targeted the demographic well, the plot was fairly consistent, the mystery was a bit simple but that was a good thing, the characters were decent albeit very cliche, there were quite a few funny quips and the world-building was solid.

If Jia Hyson was only handed this he would be very puzzled about what he was doing here. 

But Jia Hyson wasn't handed just this.

No.

Because this was a series.

Miss Fang and her Vampire Boyfriend.

Miss Fang and the Vampire Academy.

Miss Fang and the Rise of the Vampire Emperor.

Miss Fang and her Vampire Husband.

Jia Hyson who was forced to take in all of this: "..." 

"Oh dear god," Jia Hyson sighs, "It feels worse than sitting in a car for a day trip up the mountains, I'm really going to puke."

Miss Fang and Her Vampire Boyfriend series could be summarised like this-

Miss Fang and her Vampire Boyfriend:

Jessica sees and rescues Damien after the attack during summer vacation. Damien leaves, and they meet in the human Middleton high school. Various things happen, they get together. The main villain, third brother Prince Kieran gets exiled.

Miss Fang and the Vampire Academy:

Damien brings Jessica to the vampire academy for her last two years of high school. This vampire academy obviously isn't advertised as such and is most of the student population is made up of humans, but they're either young geniuses who the government believes should be 'preserved' relations of vampires or very powerful and rich people who come through the back door. Some know about vampires, some don't. 

Jessica experiences, jealousy, culture shock, school bullying and discrimination. The couple breaks up under misunderstandings from various people and stressors. Jessica feels like an outcast, fights with Damian about it, breaks up, but eventually makes a new ragtag group of friends, both vampiric and human over the story. There is also an overarching plotline during this year about vampires going berserk where it's later revealed some humans were poisoning vampires into becoming more primal and easier to be trained for their own benefits. They solve it and make up.

Miss Fang and the Rise of the Vampire Emperor:

Set in the last year of high school. More trials and tribulations happen, tensions between vampire hunters and vampires become more intense in the background, more female lead insecurity and Jessica somehow decides this would all be solved if she could be a vampire. Damien feels guilty about bringing her to 'his world' for the nth time and is also jealous of Jessica's male supporting lead friends. They break up then get together then break up then get together. 

The main plot in this part is centred around the mystery of who is the traitor leaking information to the hunters, and also some sleeping ancient vampire god that the Eclipse Coven wants to revive. In the end, these things were eventually solved, sort of- the hunter and vampire conflicts haven't really eased, but the vampires more or less fully accept her and she stops a large scale vampire war.

During graduation, Damien proposes to Jessica who accepts, and they plan to turn her into a vampire on their wedding night.

Miss Fang and her Vampire Husband:

Starts when Jessica prepares for her wedding. They hold a beautiful wedding, Damien turns her into a vampire and they have really badly written sex. It's found out she doesn't seem to have any powers which disappoint the vampires a lot and she's put under a lot of pressure as she has to learn to adapt to the life of vampiric nobility. The theme is looking more into the caste system of vampires and the crux of the plot is a low-level vampire is finding ways to become equal with the noble vampires and overthrow the system via human experimentation and creating a super drug.

Stuff happens, Jessica and Damien's relationship is rocky again- no surprise there- Jessica becomes pregnant and, to make a long story short, her baby is a miracle child and everyone assumes her power is producing magical babies or something putting her in a very strange and dangerous position. 

Later on, it's revealed that Jessica's worth is not in her fertility but she is actually the incarnation of the goddess who blessed the vampires. She and Damien lead the vampires to a new age of love and equality and they live happily ever after. 

Jia Hyson had to say, while it wasn't his cup of tea, he could confidently say most of it was good enough that with enough luck it could become a big hit. Mainly because it sounds like most popular teen vampire romances.

There's nothing particularly ingenious about it but there's also nothing wrong with this set up either. Even though most adults and more mature teenagers will find this sort of thing cringy and lame, there are many more who really like to eat this set.

But obviously, since Jia Hyson was here, there were going to be some flaws.

For example, there are many complaints about how cliche it was, how the supporting characters were more like background characters that only entered the spotlight when they were useful, and the lacking character development for everyone, even though the stakes should be high, it didn't feel like it at all, especially since nobody seemed to have changed much or grown as a person. 

The only ones that did show growth were pretty much Jessica and Damien, the main characters. And even then, they would often backslide when the near book comes out just so they could have more relationship drama. Jia Hyson wanted to ask them if they had goldfish brains. They constantly had to relearn to trust and accept each other for who they are.

Which, is like, the basics of a relationship to be honest. Like. Come on. If you can't figure it out by the second book then you should really just break up in Jia Hyson's opinion.

But such problems couldn't be called severe or fatal to the story. It's a teen romance, after all, you don't expect perfection and to be honest, you sort of expect half a soap opera romance wise when you get into this genre. 

No, what was wrong with the series wasn't these small flaws. The reason why the story was so heavily impacted is because of the controversial and problematic handling of a character. 

That is the original body Jia Hyson had entered. Alaric Rong. A supporting male character in the second book Miss Fang and the Vampire Academy who continues into Miss Fang and the Rise of the Vampire Emperor. The third book is where the controversy begins and ends.

Alaric Rong is written as an incredibly rare pureblooded vampire with a mixed appearance of Chinese and European descent. Jia Hyson can't see his appearance yet but from this alone, he was fairly assured of his beauty index. 

Because vampires originated in Romania it should be impossible for there to be Chinese vampires, however, the Rong lineage indeed had the delicate features and somewhat similar body types of Asians despite having the power of a pureblood. 

To cover their asses, the author god especially went through describing the background of this character... by saying the true reason for their appearance was unknown and lost to history.

Jia Hyson: Ha ha ha _ 

The most popular theory in the vampire community is that the Rongs were not originally named the Rongs. During the first vampiric war, they used the chaos to escape, taking advantage of their somewhat similar appearance to Asians and run to China with changed names. 

Staying in China for so long they found some people compatible with themselves and produced offspring and lower class vampires there, expanding the originally rather small family into a large one. This caused the Rong family to step by step alter their whole look as well as expand their power in a place with very few rivals and competitors.

A few centuries later most felt nostalgic about their original home country and came back. However, they liked the Chinese culture a lot and many young vampires still considered themselves Chinese as well. Over time this brought about this confusion over whether their family heritage came from China or Romania. 

That wasn't important though. 

Jia Hyson, whose face hadn't been that great reading a teen vampire romance, had turned completely black the more he read about Alaric's role. 

People had opinions. Some were good like everyone should make an effort to recycle more. Some were controversial like putting milk in a bowl before putting cereal. And some were downright wrong like blaming the victim in a rpe scenario. 

In a story, it is especially difficult to hide an author's opinion on things but generally, that's not a bad thing. It gives the writing a source of strength and enthusiasm and should be encouraged... Unless of course, your opinion is really especially problematic.

To give a good idea, these were some of the reviews for Miss Fang and the Rise of the Vampire Emperor:

[I was a big fan of the first two books but this one is both uncomfortable and disappointing to me. 

Wow, to be honest, the writing is good but the author is garbage. Please keep your trash opinions to yourself.

Don't understand all the hate. I think author should have treated Alaric a bit better but honestly, if this was another normal character nobody would be this mad, it's a bit ridiculous. Alaric was a piece of shit in the second story and we all hated him. Anyway, the story is good, if you can ignore the controversy everything else is decent. The plot is tight, I do wish Kylan had more screen time and Jessica did get kind of annoying and dumb. 

Dropped this. The author is a bigot who thinks transgender people should be villainized. 

Upstairs, Author clarified that being transgender had nothing to do with it, the character isn't trans in the first place, and that she supports LGBT+, it's just a character trait that the character happened to have.

Hahaha, upstairs, it's true that you can have gay, trans, and disabled villains but the author clearly didn't treat it like a footnote or a little extra thing to round out the character. Instead, she made it be the final straw that literally kills the character, as if because he was like that he deserved not to be happy. In fairness, I do agree there's no confirmation he's transgender, he just likes women's clothes, but honestly, I can see why others think he is because the author clearly is ignorant and it shows.

I've also dropped this story, sorry, but this is disgusting? You spent five chapters on Jessica's pain of being called dumb but you just brushed over falsely accusing some guy because he wore women's clothing and then tossed him to jail and killed him off-screen. Like what the actual hell. 

Honestly, I didn't like Alaric because he was an asshole. Like he was the typical overly strict rule-abiding and annoying character, and he was just this arrogant piece of shit, but this really wasn't cool. Like I don't suddenly like him, don't get me wrong, this guy sucks, but he didn't deserve that, at least not for the reasons based on his preferences. That was unnecessary. He should be judged because he sucks as a person, not because of what he likes to wear and stuff.]

Alaric Rong is described to not be very muscular, more like a slim but stern-looking beauty with some feminine features like a soft jawline, long lashes, or meticulously manicured fingers. 

Like his appearance, he's strict and cold. His role is one of the advisors of the coven and childhood friend of the princes but tries not to favour any of them due to his responsibilities, however, he is closest to the eldest Prince Silas. Essentially he's the future secretary of the next vampire king. 

Since the story starts off being set in a human high school Alaric Rong is more in the background, accompanying the eldest prince occasionally. He will only step into the spotlight in Vampire Academy where he is part of the Student Council with Prince Silas. 

Alaric Rong could be described pretty much as the typical strict, inflexible and cold-blooded advisor character that disproves the human Jessica Fang's existence in the coven. In fact he disproves of all the lower class vampires and humans, finding them filthy animals. A typical noble cannon fodder really. 

In Vampire Academy he was one of the main stressors and many were unsatisfied that he had gotten off so easily for his rather repulsive and unkind behaviours in that book. 

However, he has a secret that is revealed in the subsequent third book. 

Alaric Rong is a crossdresser. 

And in the story, he is condemned by the main character Jessica for this. Jessica exposes him, publicly humiliating him and turning the coven's opinion of him as a hardworking aloof man into a depraved pervert. Due to this he is stripped of his title and banished from the coven in disgrace.

It was understandable at that point if Alaric blackens and does his best to bring down the coven with the main villains. However, Alaric still held love for the Golden Rose coven and had always been ashamed of his strange desires so he felt that this was acceptable and left bitterly. Of course, this was explained by the author as part of his cowardice and self-hatred.

But the problem was that Alaric was not only a pureblooded vampire but one that knew many of the Golden Rose's secrets. When there was suddenly a leak in information in the coven to the hunters, Jessica almost immediately determines the culprit as Alaric who acts as a very unfortunate red herring. 

Alaric is dragged in and due to being self-deprecating, depressed and bitter, he, of course, fails to communicate that no, he is not the culprit, and ends up talking vaguely like he's trying to skirt around the truth. This aspect, Jia Hyson has to admit, was totally Alaric's fault, like come on. 

That self-sabotaging behaviour plus motive plus the lack of evidence really made Alaric seem like he was the culprit and so he is imprisoned and tortured by the people he swore to protect once upon a time ago. 

Later on, it's revealed that Jessica herself was the leak. 

Her step-family were secretly vampire hunters all along and used the information from Jessica's phone and diary to infer information about the vampires once they realized who her boyfriend was. They used this information to send various important and confidential files to rival covens in other for them to fight each other and allow the family to swoop in like vultures and gain more fame and prestige in the community. 

This was both a relatively interesting and intelligent twist. Unfortunately, Alaric could not appreciate it because he died. 

Jessica and her hot vampire friends forgot about telling the coven about this plot twist in order to deal with it themselves and also avoid revealing that Jessica was the reason for the leak until they caught the criminals first. This meant that by the time they came back after confronting X, fighting Coven Y and revived Vampire Z, Alaric had been beaten, tortured and humiliated to the point he had committed suicide ages ago. 

Honestly, it would have been better if the author had just forgotten about Alaric completely but no, they had to bring him back up after x chapters just so Jessica could say the angsty teen equivalent of, "Oh, that sucks." And then spend three chapters showing some guilt then justification with her choices which can pretty much be surmounted to- well, he was a crossdressing pervert who also had different opinions to the protagonist so it's a good thing he died instead of another innocent person. 

Maybe back in the old days when political correctness isn't as strong and many minorities and kinks were used as jokes this wouldn't be such a huge deal. But since it's written in more modern times where most people have a better understanding that our choice in gender, love and other such things should not be mocked or derided this isn't exactly a story many people would be happy about. Especially since this was such a minor thing too and yet the author proclaimed it as a death sentence. 

It also didn't help that Alaric was the only sort of Asian character present as well. That brings up all sorts of messy connotations and suggestions. 

Now some readers may say, hey, it's just a story, you're reading too much into it. Jia Hyson truly understands that logic and has even used this argument when defending his own works before. 

But it's very clear to most that this doesn't contribute to the story at all, and instead, there is a lot of genuine bigotry being vented out, hidden in the words describing Alaric. 

For example:

'Despite his cool taciturn demeanour, Jessica knew he was probably a foppish and flamboyant drama queen.'

'It was disgusting how he could just act like a normal man.' 

'To be such a traitorous coward and spill secrets and endanger the people who grew up with him... well, Jessica shouldn't have expected someone like that to have any standards in the first place.'

Jia Hyson who read this couldn't help but grind his teeth in frustration. It was like an itch at the back of his brain that only got worse as he read on. 

It was a bit difficult to tell from the story, but Alaric had been written to still identifies as male, and in terms of sexuality, it was not described. Jia Hyson can only assume that Alaric was most likely a straight man who simply enjoys stereotypically feminine clothing and other items like soft toys and makeup. It was not such an incomprehensible thing. 

Jia Hyson clicks his tongue irritatedly. There were always bigots like this. If you're a man who likes girl clothing you're either gay, trans or a pervert. 

They can't understand that one could see themselves as a different gender despite their current biological sexual organs saying otherwise, and they definitely will be even more confused about the concept that a normal straight man would even remotely be interested in 'girly' hobbies and fashion. 

Being into drag doesn't mean you have to be gay or transgender the same way being gay or transgender doesn't mean you like wearing high heels and rainbow bows in your hair. You can just like what you like regardless of sexual preferences or gender identity, they are simply facts unrelated to anything else. 

You're a lesbian and you like to eat churros. Coincidence? Yes. 

You're bisexual and are a slag. Does that mean all bisexuals are like this? No, it means you, specifically are a slut that happens to be bisexual.

You're gay and prefer pineapples on pizza? That just means you have great fucking taste, you liking dudes has nothing to do with that. 

Anyway, life is filled with assumptions and connections, this sort of confusion while annoying is normal, and isn't too bad if people have good intentions, a lack of malice and a willingness to learn and change. But demonising and generalising to such an extent like in this story is really too ugly to look directly at.

"Bebe, I really don't want to help this author improve their popularity," Jia Hyson groans. "If anything I want them to drown under the spittle of the netizens and then get framed for something and sent to jail for at least four and a half years." 

Bebe: ...how vaguely specific.

"Seriously, ah," Jia Hyson sighs heavily, "I know my three views are a bit skewed but I rather not help a bigot if I don't have to. Especially not a stupid self-righteous one."

"It's not really..." Bebe hesitates, it also understands what Jia Hyson is uncomfortable with. "If you improve the position of Alaric into something less... demeaning, then the systems who try implement the process to get the author to rewrite the story will do their best to subtly convince the author and change their mindset to fit the story's views." 

Jia Hyson was surprised, "You guys are willing to brainwash authors?" 

"What part of subtly do you fail to comprehend?" Bebe snaps, "There are various ways we can help open up someone's mindset that doesn't include non-consensual mind alteration ah! The systems can do something to the school the author goes to and introduce LGBT+ awareness or maybe they'll go teach a creative writing course and tell people to write something supporting such themes.

We can also use subliminal messaging like in ads, and internet recommendations. Some more extreme methods can be inserting a system acting as a gay person to befriend the author in order for the author to humanize them better, or hiring a host of the same sex into seducing the author." Bebe pauses as if thinking of something before coughing and muttering quietly, "...But if all else fails, then yeah brainwashing isn't necessarily off the table." 

Author Jia Hyson shivers. 

He didn't really pay attention to what the systems did in order to convince the authors to improve their stories to such specific specifications, but now that he hears a few listed out he's a bit perturbed. He's sure that most of the easier less extreme methods worked harmlessly and successfully but some of the more radical methods are very sci-fi horror-esque ah.

Of course, even though he was disturbed it was only a fleeting emotion. People were naturally like that. When it doesn't directly affect you, the attitude toward tragedy is more like a melon eater. Jia Hyson was naturally even more apathetic than most people so how can such a thing really bring him down ah. 

Besides, Jia Hyson never had much patience for bigots. Nor hypersensitive people to be honest. Though they were both extreme opposites on the political correctness scale, he had to admit he disliked them both equally as their attitudes were honestly quite similar. 

For example, an author can make a mistake about Canada being in America. It's a very silly mistake and most readers will laugh and point it out with good humour and some lighthearted ridicule. 

However, bigots toward America may say something like, 'As if Canada can be the same as America, are you dumb, America has x and Canada has y, y is clearly better than x. It's incredibly disgusting that you would even bala bala bala.' 

Conversely, an oversensitive reader may notice the mistake and say 'As a Canadian, I am sorry to tell you Canada is not in America and I'm deeply offended that you would think this way. I'm sure that you just didn't do your research, or just didn't think about how this affects Canadians who see this but I can't just sit by and let you think this is okay when it's clearly hurting so many people and bala bala bala.' 

In short, for things most people will not feel very concerned about, and even feel like it's a stupid mistake that needed a gentle reminder at best, these two extremists will act like the author had personally come into their houses, spat in their faces, slapped their mothers and singlehandedly offended an entire group, race or country. Most of the time their views are polar opposites but sometimes they become surprisingly similar. 

The topic of whitewashing in a way could be construed as a good example of that overlap. A bigot could say, why should white people write people of colour. An over-sensitive person will say they don't agree with the bigot's opinion, but they will still happily criticise a person who writes other races in a way they aren't happy with. 

Maybe they will snidely comment along the lines of 'clearly this author isn't from X race or they would've known better,' 'How can this white man talk about non-white women issues? How could Asians understand the racism of Africans?'. And it's true that nobody can fully understand the plights of someone else. But then again, Jia Hyson has never experienced what it's like to be a horse, does that mean he is inept to write about the problems of horses even if he does the research as best he can? 

In this way, they may not be for whitewashing but indirectly they are promoting writer discrimination and a narrower worldview. White people should only write about white people and draw western comics. Asians are best in writing asian themes and drawing manga aesthetics. The only difference in Jia Hyson's opinion is that between a bigot and an oversensitive politically correct social justice warrior in this matter is one acts more pretentiously than the other. 

Bebe: '...Those are some very specific examples.'

Jia Hyson: 'Tsk. Obviously, I've had personal experience ah, If not I wouldn't be so worked up about it.'

Which writer hasn't written a character and commented on their skin colour? Many people will say this girl's skin is as white as snow or pale like jade. This young man was tanned like healthy wheat. 

However, once you write a black character and said they had skin like coffee, chocolate, and chestnut it becomes a hate crime in the eyes of some people. Jia Hyson has seen people blast him because their skin colour was not coffee coloured therefore he is racist, that they have never read anyone describe skin colour so he must be a bad writer, or even that it's okay to say a person is black but it's over the line to say the shade and tone of their skin. 

He can only say one thing to those people.

Jia Hyson: '...Are you sick?'

What, your skin is different to the described person's skin? It's not like each race comes in one monotonous skin colour. Some people are just darker than others and some are lighter. As a writer with a specific image in mind one wants to most accurately convey this image to the audience.

If you've never read anyone who has mentioned skin colour in their story then aren't you just poorly read? It's not like you can imagine a person's appearance and race by costume and hair alone given this melting pot of society now ah. 

And isn't not being able to specifically call out the type of skin colour and assume they're all the same, standard colouration, in fact, a form of generalisation and stereotyping in itself? Peh, isn't the implication of this more racist? 

In short, no matter what's outside, aren't we all human beings? Why be so nitpicky? Describing skin colour should be like describing hair. There shouldn't be such a fuss. Unless you purposely described their skin with clearly negative words such as brown shit, yellow piss or white ejaculate, there's really no need to get upset. 

Bebe: 'Are you done?' ...Also who would describe someone's skin as the last one?

Jia Hyson: 'I'm never done but probably yes.' 

Anyway, the point is Alaric Rong was considered quite problematic. It's fine for minorities to be presented as villains or cannon fodder characters just as it's fine for them to be presented as heroes and supporting characters. However, it is how they are represented, and how the focus of their traits is handled. 

Alaric Rong as a villain and red herring is fine. But it shouldn't be based solely on the fact he had an 'abnormal' interest. Unless that abnormal interest was like, killing people to wear their skin as an apron while cooking their organs for dinner. Because that was pretty suspicious. 

Generally, as long as someone's interest or lack of interest in something doesn't harm society or pose a threat to others, Jia Hyson feels like it shouldn't be so difficult to accept. However, maybe he himself only felt that way because he was already somebody who harmed society and posed multiple threats to others. Like a leopard watching people be afraid of a black cat, he could only feel it was ridiculous. 

Yet despite his own tendencies and messed up past, he didn't feel that his view was wrong or should be invalidated just because of it ah. Why attack people slightly different as if their very sexuality and choices in what they like were personally offending all nine generations of your family? It was really shameful. 

Anyway, the problem with Alaric is indeed hard to handle. Jia Hyson didn't think there was actually an easy way to let him be accepted into the protagonist well given the strong bias against his interests. After all, if it was simple to change the mind of a racist or a homophobe then world peace would have been established years ago and slavery wouldn't exist. 

The first idea is to become friends with the main character Jessica Fang. Once you become a good enough friend and confidant, after revealing your secret in a controlled environment, there is a good chance after a period of reconstructing their world views, they will slowly accept you. 

However, that is deeply reliant on exactly how deep the prejudice is and how stubborn the person can be. There are many cases of not just friends but close relatives by blood disowning someone who they found to be 'abnormal'. Therefore this path is a path with uncertain success. 

Another is simply to not do anything. Like the saying goes, if you only have mean things to say, then just don't say anything at all. 

Take Alaric out of the story and put him in the background with minimal lines as a minor supporting background character and don't interact with Jessica Fang at all. This is the simplest and easiest way, as well as the safest, most assured path to success. 

Jia Hyson is more inclined to be an opportunistic person who will only strike when he knows he has a very low chance of getting caught. The safe path of course is much more preferable to him than the uncertain path where he has to rely on not just others, but a bigot's ability to reform. 

However, it wasn't that he didn't feel guilt for Alaric as well. The man was wronged in so many ways, it also didn't feel very good to silence him to appease a piece of shit. 

The coffin was quite spacious, Jia Hyson could easily move his arms so they can massage his throbbing temples. "Bebe, does Alaric have any side missions?"

"Do you want to see the other side missions as well or-"

"No," Jia Hyson was fairly rich now, he could afford to be impetuous and fickle. Right now his current plan will be unfair to Alaric so if he could, he wants to help fulfil any of the vampire's requests. "Just show me Alaric's requests, I don't need to take on anything else."

Bebe does not protest. It was also not desperate for money either and after so many years more or less understood Jia Hyson's mentality. He wasn't completely apathetic and psychotic.

As long as his own interests weren't too affected he could be kind and generous. But even if his own interests were violated, if Jia Hyson felt that he owed something to the other person he will still do something if it was in his power. There is still a sense of guilt and obligation in him, as well a fairly strong sense of responsibility. 

"There are two side missions made by Alaric," Bebe reports, "The first one is that he wants to find the true traitor who betrayed information to the hunters and, if possible, solve the problem quickly so fewer vampires become implicated. He is willing to give 12,000p and three vials of noble vampire blood."

"And the second one?"

Bebe fell silent for a minute, "This... the second one... Alaric wants to find people who will accept and praise him when he crossdresses. He is willing to give 2,000p."

Hearing this, Jia Hyson sighs heavily, "What an idiot." 

You could tell Alaric really loves the Golden Rose coven. Whether it might just be because he was raised like this or he naturally has a very patriotic demeanour, it was undeniable that while the man's personality was not likeable and prejudiced about humans and blood purity, he did want the best for the coven. 

Not to mention, that second side mission... It was clear Alaric didn't put much stock into it when you compare the two rewards, but honestly if you really didn't mind then why put the request in the first place? It was a contradiction. Alaric wanted it but also felt guilty for wanting it at the same time. 

"Accept it."

Bebe silently complies before asking curiously, "Host, how are you going to do this then? Accepting the second mission especially goes against your original plan to not let Alaric's secret out."

"Don't worry," Jia Hyson was already thinking of a few plans, "I have a certain direction I want to try. Besides, worst case scenario I'll go burn all of Alaric's secret clothes, murder a bunch of people and finding out whether I like to wear a skirt or not will be quite irrelevant."

Bebe: "...Why is violence always the answer with you?"

Jia Hyson shrugs, "It's the best last case resort, sue me." 

Now that he had most of everything in his head sorted out, he kicks open the lid of the coffin and sits up to stretch his sleepy muscles.

Jia Hyson is not someone who believes he can easily produce winds and waves, and he does not hold any delusions about reforming the system or having the ability to either. He can only think of doing small changes with the things he is capable of doing. Whether it can become big or not is out of his hands.

Still, that didn't mean there wasn't something he could do ah. 

Maybe it would have an impact on the main characters of the story. Maybe it won't. But hey, if it makes an impact on someone, then his efforts won't be necessarily in vain.

...




On the internet, which was still on the cusp of developing and maturing, a story was being written.

Like a small stone, it is thrown into the large ocean. Whether it will create ripples or not was no longer up to the stone but to the ocean's whims.

Defining My Brother by ShiningGreenTea was posted on a fast-growing writing platform known as StoryFountain. It was posted fairly regularly, once every three days, and the mature yet lighthearted and quippy writing quickly caught the hearts of the passerby readers who went to check it out and give it a chance. 

It is a story about a male protagonist who likes cute things. The male protagonist is handsome and capable, the standard class grass, but he has this one vice which he is deeply ashamed of. 

In the first chapter, the protagonist sees a boy being bullied for having something girly, a pink little teddy bear keychain. And even though he is popular, the protagonist was too scared to speak out lest he be associated. Maybe to others, they would not think so much. But he could not afford such naivety. 

Because he is guilty of the same crime they were accusing the other of. 

At the time his legs won't move and his mouth can't open, describing it like he had cold, oily tar rolling in the back of his throat, and all over his limbs, making him feel heavy and numb everywhere. Later that night he can't sleep because of this.

The next day his father who had also remarried during this time introduced his new wife and the protagonist's new stepbrother to the household. When the protagonist first saw the other, he tried to shove down the disdain in his heart but was undeniably a little stiff and cold, and their interactions had not improved much from there. The stepbrother is a delinquent that is the complete opposite of the protagonist so there were very few common topics. 

The stepbrother is often scolded, has bad grades and many shun him for his wretched appearance of piercings and dyed hair, exactly unlike the main character. However, even though this was the person that the main character is told never to be, by chance the stepbrother stumbles upon his secret and is the only one that accepts his abnormality, and is actually very impressed by the protagonist's talents in sewing and cooking and all sorts of things that had come from the other's love of cute things.

In fact, the stepbrother has his own problems. His mother is not close with him and a lot of his extreme show of rebellion can be attributed a lot to this neglect and need for attention. In fact, his stepbrother really wants to experience being taken care of like he sees the mothers on television do, where they will help sew his clothes when he asks or will remember his favourite food and cook it for him when he's been good, or to bake him a cake on his birthday. 

The story Defining My Brother becomes a simple but lighthearted story about the daily life of an 'abnormal' popular school grass and a 'normal' unpopular delinquent, showing two people with many flaws and insecurities both slowly accept each other and smooth each other's edges. The delinquent stepbrother is fun and silly once he relaxes and the school grass which was originally shown as a perfect, cool iceberg becomes a slightly snarky and awkward youth. 

Reading about the pair is very easy. Many times one can't help but smile and other times there is a contemplative feeling of relating to the woes of school and the anxiety of integrating into society and growing up. 

The story was a good hit, while it never hit number one it held a steady popularity. 

Not to mention the author, ShiningGreenTea this wretched person, would constantly produce various interesting stories that touched on various genres from murder mystery to fantasy to campus romance. Many people would become invested only to find after x chapters the author has simply stopped or suddenly ended the story abruptly. 

With only Defining My Brother continuing to steadily plod along and produce content, the dissatisfied and angry readers of the other stories will look at this simple cover and sneer, go see what is so good that the author who gave up on writing X, Y and Z still continued with this particular story.

And then- at least 80% of the readers were sucked in. 

Readers from other stories: Eh? Where am I? Who am I? 

It was a lovely story, even if it was more slice of life, it was written entertainingly and there were many fun and interesting characters and thoughts. Not to mention, since the story was not intense, it was easy to drop the story and pick it up months later, and it would be like greeting an old friend. 

Among the angst, action, drama and romantic stories, Defining My Brother was like a large tree that people would pass by and be unable to help but sit and relax under the shade and simply enjoy the sweetness of the passing days. Even if they occasionally leave in favour of more exciting things, they will eventually come back and give their tired heart a rest. 

Of course, such a close and intimate story produced many hardcore fans that diligently followed the author. The author was also very good to the fans of Defining My Brother, taking the time to chat with them and to take the time to describe and even sketch the characters of Defining My Brother for the fan artists. Compared to ShiningGreenTea's treatment of fans of their other stories, it was like the treatment between a beloved spoiled pet and a dirty rat on the streets.

Other readers: '...' You'll really lose us like this. 

However after a year and a half of harmony, the author ShiningGreenTea suddenly changed their style. Originally while the perspective was in third-person, it was more heavily biased to the protagonist. But after a year of the protagonist and step-brother cohabiting together, ShiningGreenTea had changed it so it was the step brother's thoughts that became more prevalent in the story. 

By this time, the male protagonist and step-brother had finally completed their third year of high school. 

Like most stories like this, time seemed to be a limitless construct that can be stretched out or be cut down as the author pleases. Four summers, two springs, three autumns, one very long winter and yet only a 'year' has passed... for slice of life sometimes it is too hard to keep track of things and this sort of time continuity error is quite common. While many people made fun of this, it was not a big problem and all the readers enjoyed the different scenes nonetheless. 

As they finally entered a new school year the pair of brothers who were in the same year, were a bit disappointed to once again be in different classes. Of course entering the next year, both became even busier, it was harder to just sit down, and relax together like before. 

Thanks to the protagonist, the step brother had improved and gotten over a lot of his rebellious nature and started to do his best studying and also focusing on trying to get a sports scholarship as he had revealed a talent in basketball a while back. Because he was doing his best to catch up and keep his grades afloat, as well as after school training with the basketball team, the step brother failed to notice how increasingly haggard the protagonist was.

In his opinion, it is normal for the protagonist to be like this. Everyday the step brother was so tired he just wanted to go straight to bed and become one with it, the protagonist was popular and also worked hard to always maintain his grades so they were at least top five in the year. Even though the protagonist was much better, he was still a face-loving person and a perfectionist who needed to have a perfect image. it was easy to assume that the other was also busy. 

It was only when a classmate called for the step brother who was playing basketball to inform him that the protagonist collapsed that the step brother finally found out the truth.

The male protagonist was being bullied.

Upon this realisation, the story switches to a flashback in the male protagonist's perspective. In his new class there was nobody he was very closely familiar with which made him feel a little awkward. However no matter what, the protagonist was very good looking, and could attract attention no matter where he goes.

A good student, handsome, intelligent, quiet but generous, it was very difficult for such a person to be a victim of campus violence. However that didn't mean it was impossible. 

A beautiful girl can be wronged, a rich boy can be used for his money, a popular kid can be tricked and pushed out. Sometimes it is not a question of the victim, but of the unfathomable malice of others. 

The original class the protagonist was in was already quite close to him, at the very least they had a lot of filters for the protagonist thanks to their admiration and respect. So when he slowly revealed a few bits of his true face personality, people were surprised by the overall acceptance rate was high, attributing it to 'gap moe'.

Not to mention, the step brother was also there to support the protagonist. If the protagonist was more awkward and cold faced, the step brother, while a bit scary at first, was actually quite extroverted and witty. There were many readers who clapped and praised the other for his speeches and tricks to convince the doubtful and the judgemental. 

Given that opportunity, the protagonist's clumsy kindness and simple personality is able to shine through, making the other party feel shameful of their past attitude or at least reconsider a little. The author is quite realistic, and not everyone can let go of their prejudices but overall the tone of the story has always been an 'it all works out in the end,' feeling, which makes readers always feel at ease and fluffy. 

But it was different this time.

Because the male protagonist had gotten used to it and had become a little more comfortable in his own skin, he had brought a rabbit doll to sew up when he was free. After all, it was true he was busier this year and he had less time to indulge in his hobbies. 

A few girls were a bit confused, thinking such an image of a cool guy holding a soft bunny rabbit and sewing it was a bit too contradictory to their eyes, while there were other girls who found it sweet and very cute. The protagonist was used to this, and even if he didn't talk much he was naturally more chatty talking about his interests.

The girls who talked with him gradually felt it was a bit wrong. Hey, hey, this cool guy was a bit too enthusiastic, right? Knowing the different fabrics, what seasonal buttons will be going on sale, the best brands of threads and needles, and the style of toys... 

The girls felt a bit turned off and some directly felt disgusted. It was like the difference between seeing a scary handsome man take care of a cat in the rain, and seeing the same man but with thirty cats in his house. Both were cat lovers, but the enthusiasm is of course different and the image in people's hearts change from ah, how kind, to ah, how creepy. 

Due to his insecurities, the protagonist is more sensitive and he realizes that the emotions in the room were not good. Slowly he stops talking and awkwardly clutches at the little stuffed rabbit, at a loss. Because of the past year, he no longer thought he was so strange and abnormal, with the new memories of acceptance and warmth he had forgotten his fears and his own shame. But now they were coming back.

The girls, while uncomfortable, would not say much to his face since he was still good looking, but the boys who were already envious to death had no such qualms. 

"Hah!" One of them laughs mockingly, before sneering, "You're really amazing, if I was a bitch I wouldn't have the courage to show it off like you do."

And that's how it started.

Mocking, isolation, cruel jokes... the people who originally felt nothing or maybe didn't even see anything wrong will not speak up and possibly even change their opinions to better fit the mob mentality. While it hadn't escalated too badly, just this was enough to gnaw at the hearts of anyone for many years to come.

Of course, these teenagers, almost adults ready to enter society, could not let go of their newfound prey they had more sense than children and never went too far. In that way, they could comfort themselves by thinking that they were doing nothing wrong. Just a few jokes. A bit of teasing. If the other gets angry it's them being oversensitive. And were they obligated to hang out with such a weirdo? Of course not!

It's not that the protagonist didn't have any support. But his friends from other classes of course had other things to do as well, they're own circles of friends did not revolve around the protagonist and that was perfectly normal. Besides, the protagonist already had demonstrated a temperament of wanting to keep things to himself and undermine his own problems while focusing on others. 

However finally the harassment from the leader of the bullies became too much, almost sexually assaulting the protagonist with the reasoning of, 'Liking such girly things, having such a pretty face, isn't it so disgusting pretending to be a man? Why don't we just put the bastard in his place? Maybe that way we don't have to see that arrogant face of his around anymore!"

Of course, how could the protagonist take this? Understanding that things had gone so far because of his own feelings of inadequacy and passiveness, the protagonist fought back and scolded the group. But how could one person defeat many? In the end, he landed in the infirmary with multiple bruisings and fractures. 

The stepbrother was overwhelmed with guilt and helplessness seeing his brother like this. He who had great respect for his stepfather and love for his mother rushed to the parents and begged them to help the protagonist, to get some justice, to assure him, something, anything. After all, he was just a young man who still depended on adults, in his mind this was the best way. 

However, he was too naive and life was too cruel. 

"I will not have such a, a, a pervert as my son!"

"You don't have any of those... strange inclinations too do you? Oh, if I had known, I wouldn't have- oh dear..." 

The stepbrother who had been shocked, furious and numb found it in a way, quite funny. These two adults who were quite distant towards them suddenly acted so close and intimate. 

It was suddenly strange that the protagonist had cooked their meals when everyone was busy, or helped around the house and did work men shouldn't do. They had praised such a good son, bragged to their friends and complimented such behaviours. Before they enjoyed it and never questioned it but now that they finally saw a little of the true face of the protagonist they suddenly felt it was wrong and shameful, like further proof to convince themselves what a strange creature their son had become.

Ha ha ha, the stepbrother was laughing so hard tears were streaming down his face.

What good parents.

In truth, what the stepbrother didn't know was that the father still loved the male protagonist. He was still his son, of course, he did. 

It was undeniable the father was discriminatory given his own conservative upbringing and values, but most of all he had been worried about how his son will live with such an abnormality. While his heart was heavy he truly felt he would rather force him back onto the right path before the world breaks him down even more than it already had. 

However, what the father didn't understand was that some people are willing to go down this 'crooked path'. As long as they have the people they love helping them, they could walk through fire with their back straight and heads up high. However without that, while it's true that people can still keep going and endure the hardship alone, there are many more who will simply just collapse and compromise under the pressure and expectations. 

The author explained the father's attitude, tactful and insightful yet still condemning the behaviour, and while the readers still didn't appreciate the father at all they at least understood the thought process even if they didn't like it. After all, while no one wanted to really admit it, this was a fairly common attitude in today's society as well. 

Of course, even if it was common, it was no less devastating to the protagonist who seemed to have woken up from one nightmare to the next.

Seeing his most respected father also disgusted and disappointed, the protagonist finally breaks down and accepts his father's proposal to move to a strict boarding school to finish the rest of his high school education. 

The protagonist doesn't commit suicide but a part of him died at the time. 

After this, Defining My Brother began to quickly pick up the pace and describe what happened over many years in only a few chapters. Even overcome by the bleakness of reality, the readers still held hope the author who had always given them many small happily ever afters will pull through for them and finally give them sugar after all this bitterness.

They were destined for disappointment.

Years later the protagonist comes back home, he is stern and polite, gracious and gentlemanly. His scores are high and he gets into one of the best universities, gets a good, stable job, rises up and becomes a successful man. He marries the blind date that his parents arranged for him and he has three children. 

If anyone saw him they would call him a winner in life but all the readers who had seen his brightest and happiest moments can only choke back the tears. 

Because he is unhappy. So unhappy. His temper is shorter, his heart is closed and his nerves are tight. 

He has no friends, he has a strained marriage and his children aren't close to him.

He is a rock in a river, letting life pass him by with nothing to hold onto and letting everything slip without even trying to reach out for it. 

Is this what normal feels like? Is this the happiness everyone told him he must feel? Should he appreciate the people who made him who he is? 

The protagonist didn't know, and he didn't want to think anymore, already knowing deep down the answer. 

In his heart he is already so old, he has lived his life for others and discarded his own life in exchange. 

At the end of the story, the stepbrother who had been pushed away by his brother makes a reappearance. Just like the protagonist he has been beaten down by the reality of society. His hair is neat and black, the piercing holes in his ears have been closed up, and the youthfulness in his eyes had long disappeared and been replaced with tired cynicism. 

His mother didn't love him, his father has another family, his stepfather treated him more like a guest- it was only his stepbrother that made him feel the warmth of a home and the courage to be bright and shining. His step-brother was his support, his best friend, and when he crumbled, so did he. 

The stepbrother's path was not as straightforward as the protagonist's, and he meandered through life casually. He had many girlfriends but no wife, and he took many small jobs before he finally became a receptionist at a small medical clinic. 

The owner of the clinic was very warm and patient. In the end, she encouraged the stepbrother to write his feelings on a small blog. The stepbrother who only started to give the owner some face eventually found it to be cathartic. 

Though he couldn't be sure if he was really happy he found a sense of contentment in the monotonous life he led. He didn't know if it was good, or bad or maybe this is simply what normality is. 

He hopes that maybe his brother had at least found this in the world if nothing else.

At the very end of the story, an excerpt of the stepbrother's blog is written.

'Women who will wear blue and throw away their stereotypes are defined as rebellious, strong and modern. But a man who wants to wear pink and explore beyond their own stereotypes is still considered shameful. 

What sex you are is biology. But what you love is merely in your heart.

We are the ones who defined what is masculine and what is feminine. We defined what a man should be, what a man should be like and vice versa. We defined the boundaries beyond our secondary sexual characteristics. And we defined society based on this gender construct.

But can't we change it?

We have redefined the meaning of words countless times. Redefined technology. Redefined our views of space and time and the earth we live on.

So many things have been refreshed and changed, what is stopping us from redefining the choices that binds our gender? 

When my mother remarried I gained a brother who liked things brothers shouldn't like. However even so he was still my brother, my cool amazing brother who helped me understand math and secretly gave me snacks and covered for me sometimes when I got into trouble. But because his interests did not align with the correct definition of what a boy should be like he suffered a lot. 

I wish I knew what I could've done to help more. But it's been many years and truth be told even now I still don't know what else I could do. I'm not very smart but sometimes I feel like it was everyone else who were fools back then, to hurt my brother like that.

Now he likes things normal brothers do.

But now he isn't my brother anymore.

Sometimes I would like to ask everyone who told my brother to change-

Are you happy?

Did him changing make you feel like the world was brighter and the air was clearer? 

Did him changing improve your life in any way, shape or form?

Or maybe there was no difference in the way you live, whether he changes himself to fit your definition or not.

This thing is so inexplicable to the stupid me. It is just a definition of a concept we cannot even touch.

And yet it is this intangible thing that has so tangibly changed my brother. It has ruined his confidence and changed his entire life trajectory. Maybe he is happier than he would have been or maybe he is much worse off. Either way, because of others the chance to choose has disappeared.

I hope one day we can redefine our views. But for now, I suppose...

This is our definition.'




Defining My Brother which had already been very popular for the lively characters, lighthearted story, witty jokes, and beautiful and thoughtful writing, had, after the last six chapters of pure unadulterated reader abuse finally skyrocketed to the top of StoryFountain. Many red-eyed readers were either sending knives to the author in their hearts while promoting the heartbreak they have been subjected to after this sudden turn of events. 

The author ShiningGreenTea had a personal blog that was even bombarded with unprecedented vigour. 

Readers: You dare play us like this?! Where is the warning???

ShiningGreenTea: It's in the tags.

Readers: Don't fool us, it clearly only has slice of life as the genre.

ShiningGreenTea: Is it wrong? I gave you a slice of life. Is it your fault you didn't think that life is bitter and full of tragedy?

Readers, speechless: ...Damn who hurt you?

In the end, the author very smartly added the Tragedy tag soon after, however that didn't ease the pain of those who had already been unexpectedly shot at all. They can only vent and cry to their fellow victims. Some of the sly ones would even wipe their tears and happily send their friends and fellow netizens toward the story, promising a 'good time' and that the slice of life fluff they had been enjoying for so long was finally finished and the ending was 'so good they cried'.

Discussing it online it slowly became a hot topic. First, the passerbys in the related reading forums were pulled in and were interested in putting their two cents in. From ignorant to aggressive, many people questioned if such a main character is worth grieving over. 

Isn't it abnormal though for a man to love these sorts of things? Isn't he on the right track now? I don't see the problem? This is the correct way.

Many readers admitted they previously thought that way as well. However, after reading the story they could now provoke a sense of empathy and understanding that they couldn't comprehend before. Now facing those who still held such a narrow-minded view- while not necessarily vicious in intent, it suffocated the readers all the same and was filled with the overwhelming need to educate them. 

How can it be abnormal? Isn't it just liking something? Who hates fluffy and soft things anyway- isn't that more abnormal ah? People just simply happen to like some things more than others how is that strange? 

What's wrong with a man that likes to cook, knit and sew? Who likes fashion and is willing to play with hair accessories and flowers? That sounds like an ideal guy to me! As a working single dog who cannot boil noodles and can't do my own makeup well I would kneel down to any man who is happy to share the burden of housework and even enjoys it! 

How is he on the wrong track before? Liking to bake, to buy a few frilly things, is that going to affect your grades? Will it affect your health? Is it going to ruin his mind? 

It's a difficult road but some people are simply willing to walk down that road. We will walk two separate paths in the same direction but who cares? Do they interrupt our journey? No? Then why must we be stumbling blocks for theirs?

What is the correct way? Good grades, stable job and marry a nice person and have two kids? Damn, so old fashioned, are you my auntie? This is a new world, we must advocate equality and open-mindedness!

Upstairs it's okay to want to advise someone who is straying down a bad path but you have to consider how far you want to intercede. Telling people to stop smoking, gambling or drugs is indeed good, these are bad habits that can ruin people. But how is this the same? If it is not harmful for a girl to like dolls how is it harmful for a boy to like the same thing? We should help people but we shouldn't want to forcibly change them till they fit your ideals at the same time. Considering their happiness is important too. 

Jia Hyson sees this and smiles faintly before closing the tab with his writing account ShiningGreenTea and opening another blog site. 

The people who read his story has reached an estimate half a million now. It is neither big nor is it small, but like a ripple in a lake the idea will spread wide. Maybe it is less effective the further down the grapevine it goes but the fact there are people's worldviews here that have been shaken and that will continue to be shaken, if, just a little, is good enough for him.

While he himself chooses not to show Alaric's interests in the story it didn't mean he couldn't do something to help others with similar interests. 

Even if this is a book, it is also a world beyond the plot. The author of this Jessica Fang series is not that popular, the plot is cliche and the writing is only average. Jia Hyson suspects even with improvements it will not reach as many people as something he casually produces. 

Therefore to compensate he wrote Defining My Brother, something that will spread awareness further in this world than anything the author of this story could possibly spread in their own world. And if this story does not make a scene he can always write another one and another. He's a vampire in this world, after all, he has time. 

Besides, if toxic masculinity can fade even a little bit here, awareness can spread a little bit faster, it will also provide Jia Hyson more leeway to succeed on the off chance his cross-dressing habit becomes revealed. 

Nontheless, he has no desire to write only chicken soup for the soul though. It was already considered really good that he finished Defining My Brother so aptly. Now that he sees that it became quite a big hit he can write whatever he pleases now with less pressure. 

However before that-

With swift and well practised movements, completely different from his hesitation when he first started, Jia Hyson pulls out various photo files and opens the newest one. In them were the newest photos he had taken of himself. Photos of him cross-dressing.

After finding a few he liked he took out the old basic photoshop and did some minor editing. He was so pretty, that he felt he only needed to do some minor lighting adjustments and a few touches ups, keeping it as natural as possible. Afterwards, he added some good looking filters and sparkles until he was satisfied. 

Unfortunately, the current era the technology is still a bit behind if he had to describe it, the internet was very early 2000s when there were no Instagram apps and was more inclined to more MySpace type blogging. 

Finally, after the photos were done he pasted it onto his new blog post and began to type: 'Today I saw the cutest scarf from Valeria hehe- UwU I just had to buy it! >-< Fortunately it was at a discount or I wouldn't be able to afford this refreshing ice peach tea. I really like the peach jelly they added inside! Really flavourful and sweet!  '

Bebe who watched this series of 'beautiful' movements with a cold face refused to admit that it taught his host this messy thing.

Yes, one of Bebe's strengths was in social media. At the very least it can be a free water army if needed to help direct public opinion. It also makes sense that Bebe could also teach its' hosts a few tricks. 

However Jia Hyson was usually very savvy in public relations as well, and generally was fairly independent and didn't actually need much help. The popularity of Defining My Brother was 95% due to Jia Hyson's own strength and strategising. The other 5% was Bebe helping speed up the process a little bit by using a few alt accounts at the start to blow rainbow farts to gain some attention. 

However even without Bebe's role, Bebe calculated that the same effect would have been achieved, either way, it was just a month or two later than it would've been. 

It was very sad, and Bebe felt a bit useless, so when Jia Hyson asked for help about the blog Bebe acted like it had been injected with chicken blood. 110% enthusiasm. 

Now... looking at the blog that has an eggshell white background with many lovely, colourful pale flowers scattered around it, the cute, pretty fonts, and the mouse icon in the shape of an upside-down dark pink heart with angel wings, where, when it moves, there is a tail of sparkle animations- Bebe has the urge to die. 

It wasn't actually that bad. Jia Hyson was still a grown man and couldn't bear to use a blog that had an overbearing princess theme to it. While it did scream typically 'girly' it was tasteful and everything fit together well enough.

Yet thinking that this was the eggshell white base colour Bebe had carefully picked, how it had argued with its host over the best flowers to edit onto the background, how it spent hours determining the cutest sparkle animation and debating the best songs for background music- Bebe was really a bit embarrassed after waking up and taking a step back. 

Jia Hyson however did not feel as bad. Unlike Bebe who only 'woke up' in the aftermath, Jia Hyson had been completely sober from the start.

Had he been embarrassed? Of course, he had. No matter how he advocated to let people do their own things, it was different to doing it himself. He wasn't actually someone who loved crossdressing and overly pink things in the first place. It's true he loved soft plushies, and occasionally crossdressing but that was a fetish thing than anything, not really anything serious.

Even if he felt gendernorms were constricting he was inevitably brought up with them and will use them as a basis subconciously. And damn, this site was really girly. Which is fine. But at the same time it kind of made him feel low-key like he was pedophile catfishing.   

But now he was more numb and even has adapted his mind to the point he finds the site actually quite good looking and something to be somewhat proud of. If it wasn't his own blog that, he, a man over a hundred years old was writing in, he would want to praise it to the sky. At the very least it fits in line with most of his basic aesthetics, clean, well-formatted, fairly easy on the eyes...

Ironically enough seeing Bebe who had previously been so confident suddenly become ashamed filled Jia Hyson's confidence a lot. The more shy Bebe became, the better Jia Hyson felt, his bad taste in bullying people overpowering his own shame in writing in UwU language for everyone on the internet to see. 

'Hey, hey, do you think I should make the text baby pink or peach colour ah?' Jia Hyson mentally probes.

Bebe: ...

'The new bunny emote is cute too, and it matches with the scarf design, what do you think?'

Bebe: ...

'Actually, which sounds better- 'I found the cutest scarf today- UwU' or 'OMG isn't this scarf soooo cute!!! (,,,>  <,,) ' Pft- ahahAHHAHAH!'

Bebe: Kill me. Just kill me.  

"Is there something amusing?" A lazy, but handsome voice called out. 

Jia Hyson almost instinctively slammed down his large and bulky laptop in fright, but forcibly stopped himself from submitting to the urge. Everyone who was guilty of doing things on their laptop already understands the concept of- as long as you don't look guilty and act calm, nobody will suspect that you are suspect. As a long-standing member of the 'I read porn and weird shit on my phone in public' community, Jia Hyson was very adept at acting like nothing was wrong. 

Instead, he calmly but quickly switches the tab to a google search on math formulas and then closes the lid of his laptop. 

Still, that doesn't mean he was perfect. Jia Hyson glares at the owner of the voice irritatedly before forcing himself to smile, "I was just thinking of you Prince Silas, thinking of your handsome visage my mouth can't help but pull upwards as it's so filled with joy."

Yes, Prince Silas. The crown prince, the elder brother to the male lead and the most powerful supporting male lead in the story. 

Even though Jia Hyson was teasing, he was not lying. As a vampire prince, the older brother of the male lead and a character who supports the male lead, of course, the man must be extremely handsome. Silas was tall, and masculine, his face was angular and with high cheekbones, and he had long silver hair that often was messily just strewn onto his shoulders giving him a slightly dishevelled but no less attractive look. 

Such a good looking young man, and his outward appearance was only around seventeen. Jia Hyson truly felt the other was the type that would absolutely become even better and better looking as time passes, like ageing wine. Right now, the other was still a bit soft due to his youth, and his inherent laziness produced an air of indulgence that hadn't developed into something attractive yet. 

Still, that was Jia Hyson being a bit picky. The truth is that the softness of youth could be another beauty point if you like your men a bit younger, or you were young yourself. Which, Jia Hyson did. He liked them all, so he would definitely sleep with the other in a heartbeat if the other was willing. They were physically the same age anyway, it's not a big problem. ()

Bebe: Tis the unrefutable logic of transmigration   

Anyway, at the very least, Prince Silas was handsome enough that he had long had to keep the habit of putting on large, thick circular glasses to hide his face. It was only people he was close with or family members he would take his glasses off for, and even then he usually wouldn't simply because he was too lazy to do so.

Prince Silas snorts, his mouth smiling faintly, too lazy to point out Jia Hyson's sarcasm. "Your mouth has gotten so sweet since you went to the human world last time." He comments mildly, "Are humans so great that you changed this much?"

Jia Hyson just silently smiles, but instead of being as sarcastic as before, it had become a touch gentler and softer, his eyes glazing as if thinking about something else. Prince Silas felt a bit uncomfortable but waved the feeling away, unwilling to deal with it. Still, he wondered what exactly Alaric was thinking of to smile so gently at. 

Jia Hyson: Maybe if I smile wistfully and introspectively into the distance he won't question me further :)

The Rong family were essentially filled with the secretaries and advisors of the royal family. Because of wanting to continue the tradition, the Rongs had long created the habit of leaving the coven and exploring the world earlier and more often than other families, including the royal family who was more heavily protected. Alaric had left to the human world over a year ago for the eighth time, staying there for the longest period yet, which was two months, before coming back with a changed attitude.

In truth, Jia Hyson used this trip as an excuse to logically alter his character a little in order to better accommodate his future behaviours. 

To be honest, given the tradition of going out of the coven to explore, it should make sense that the original Alaric Rong should have been more accepting of humans and low-level vampires and not developed any prejudice. However, when Jia Hyson took over, he realised that wasn't the case at all.

Because the Rong family trip was not like a vacation trip but more like a 'let's throw each family member off somewhere random and let them fend for themselves for x weeks in the wild' trip. 

Jia Hyson: '...' 

When Alaric was younger and very arrogant, the family threw him into the slum area for five days. To be honest, the other Rong family members around that age weren't much better. it seemed that the more arrogant children were taken to experience hardship and suffering and the less arrogant ones... experienced a lighter form of hardship and suffering. 

Unfortunately, not all kids will react in the same way to the same teachings, some will grow and understand and pity, some will become scared and timid, and some will become disdainful and disgusted. Alaric was the former, and developed an association between humans and 'filth'. He saw people fight over stale bread, and rummage through the trash, and there were even disgusting looking adults who looked at him with strange eyes. 

When he came back he couldn't hide his dislike of humans and also became more obsessive in becoming a 'proper vampire' hoping he would never have to associate with such distasteful things outside the coven again.

The second trip to the human world was a bit better, putting him in an orphanage for two weeks. But of course, there are good orphanages and there are bad orphanages and there are simply poor orphanages. Funding at the time was not good and the matrons and caretakers where Alaric had been were short-tempered and tyrannical. The disgust in Alaric's heart had become deeper as his childish first impressions become further and further confirmed by seeing the dark hearts of humans.

It wasn't that vampires weren't dark-hearted or malicious either. But it was malice draped in finery and spun in silk. At the very least to the young Alaric who was more sensitive to appearances compared to other children, this malice was harder to see, and more beautiful to look at compared to the dirty and ragged humans. Like a butterfly and a beetle, they were both insects but Alaric was more attracted and wanted to be a beautiful butterfly. 

In short, these 'trips' were probably what formed the core of Alaric's attitude toward humans and rules. 

Jia Hyson can only sigh. After all, as noble vampires, the children really won't be in physical harm's way, and it's not like he doesn't agree with a lot of what the Rongs are trying to teach ah. The fact so many members of the Rong family have undergone these trials and have come out relatively okay and very competent does prove it works. Unfortunately, a lack of flexibility and care towards the individual needs is overlooked here but it's also because Alaric was really too unlucky.

Generally, you would see the goodness in humanity among the darkness which will let the members of the Rong family feel more neutral and even appreciative of such virtues. However because Alaric was deemed 'cannon fodder' by design, this World's Consciousness and Heavenly Path took special care in making sure he fits the author's description of utterly despising humans and low-level vampires, hence he saw almost no goodness in humans. 

It is hard to blame characters now for Jia Hyson, because they did become that way, and you can't like the end result of who they are, but at the same time, it was a literal higher power that forced them to be like that. Is it fair? Not at all. But what could you do really? Jia Hyson can only contemplate a little before letting it go, just a little shower thought to ponder on but do not much else with.

Anyway, fortunately, Jia Hyson came a few days before another one of these 'trips' and had been aptly prepared. 

The eighth trip which he was going to do was being dropped off at a random city with only a few hundred dollars and some luggage. Unlike the first few trips which were mainly surviving hardship for short periods of time, the later trips were more to cultivate a sense of independence and survival skills. Plus it slowly introduced to them the concept of money that most fellow vampires their age didn't have. 

Of course, they weren't completely insane, after the first few trips exploring after the 'hazing' at the beginning, the young Rong clan members were given a large amount of money so they didn't have to worry too much about living and walking around the area for a few days. Not to mention, while the children weren't aware of it at the time, later on, they will find out there were always nearby adult members around the area who would watch over and not intervene unless things took a very bad turn.

Over time, the length they were dropped off to experience life grew bit by bit and the money they were allowed to bring was smaller and smaller. 

To be honest, say what you want about the idea, the Rong family were really the most sensible and money savvy compared to the majority of other families which is why they were so favoured by the royal family. 

It wasn't that other families didn't want to mimic their success but their own pride, discrimination and decadence made it hard to force themselves and their beloved children to experience such hardships. Besides, they all lived such long lives, and with the vampire academy St Lailah, their children had a safer more controlled environment to experience similar things anyway. At most, they will ask their children to befriend the Rong members around their age and convince them to follow them over one of their especially family 'trips' that occur once every two years or so. 

Alaric Rong had a haughty and nagging personality that was quite abhorrent to most people so he had never invited anyone to accompany him on his 'trip', which made it perfect for Jia Hyson to go around exploring and adjusting to the time period while giving the excuse of 'enlightenment'. 

Of course, he needed a reason for this enlightenment. Alaric who was strict and held a strong distaste for humans, of course, must need a strong trigger to shake such belief and loosen his uptight personality. 

Therefore when Jia Hyson was dropped off, he didn't stay around the area he was left at, and with the help of Bebe Maps, wandered around and 'coincidentally' found the red light district.

Jia Hyson at the time: "Oh my word, what is this? Humans are so shameless!" 

Jia Hyson, internally: Heheheheheheheheheh.   Boobs. 

Bebe: "..."

Walking around as a young, wide-eyed pretty boy with an oriental appearance but bright blue eyes, it attracted a lot of looks, a mix of strange, concerned and lustful. Jia Hyson in turn showed an expression of being unnerved, curious and a little yearning at the colourful street full of depravity and sin as if dazzled by how such a place can exist so openly.

Vampires were very contradictory creatures. This is mainly because of how old they are, especially natural vampires who were born a vampire. Because of their long lifespans, they matured much slower, and the information absorbed during their formative years is both more flexible and more ingrained at the same time. Therefore vampires were actually very indulgent in their sexual whims and carnal pleasures, with a low sense of morality but at the same time, they all want to uphold the dignified face of being an elegant and prestigiously noble vampire. 

Jia Hyson didn't really blame them there. When thinking of vampires who doesn't think of those vampires who dressed like a sexy English nobleman, with their capes and mysterious aristocratic auras, that probably have some husky European accent of some kind and were gentlemanly in appearance but a wild animal in the bedroom? That was so sexy okay? 

Like, fuck, if he doesn't get to have sex with one of those vampires, this life would really be wasted. Seriously, what is the point of being entering a world with vampires if you couldn't fuck your ideal vampire male god???

Jia Hyson: 'Not just my idea vampire, but I also want to fuck a glasses-wearing priest, a young and naive priest in training who believes that vampires are people too and we can live together in harmony, oh and definitely a gruff older ex-hunter with salt and pepper hair and a drinking problem but also has a heart of gold, then again, I also wouldn't mind sampling-'

Bebe: '...Why can't you just appreciate being a vampire like a normal transmigrator? Why are you making a hit list where instead of killing people you're fucking people?'

Jia Hyson: 'Look. If you become a quick transmigrator like me and you don't take advantage of fulfilling all possible fantasies you've ever had you're stupid and garbage ah.' 

Bebe: '...' Bebe can hear the sounds of many hardworking hosts gnashing their teeth around the multiverse. 

"Hey! Hey, you kid!" Someone suddenly called out, breaking the host and system's conversation up, "You really shouldn't be here kiddo!"

If this was the original Alaric, in order to continue to consolidate his hatred and disdain for humans obviously something bad would happen again during this trip to prove his prejudices. But because the world's consciousness was the one that requested someone to help improve the plot, of course, it will not do anything like force the story back onto the right track when Jia Hyson makes changes. Otherwise, what was the point? 

So when Jia Hyson wandered to the red-light district, while it was true there were bad people and perverts who wouldn't hesitate to attack a pretty young boy, there were still good and kind-hearted people as well who noticed him. 

Turning around he could see it was an older woman who trotted quickly over to him. Her makeup was very heavy and so was her perfume but she looked fairly sincere in her concern, if a tad apathetic, which was fairly normal. 

Jia Hyson calculated in his head before giving her an expression of confusion and distrust, crossing his arms defensively, "What do you want? Why can't I be here?" He asks in a demanding tone.

The older woman frowns and scratches her cheek a little embarrassed, "You- look this place is for adults, where are your parents?"

Giving her a purposely assessing and suspicious look, Jia Hyson then acted like he was reluctantly relaxing and truthfully replied, "They dropped me off with some food and water and told me to be good and they'll pick me up in a little while."

The woman: "..." Yo, isn't this the infamous abandoned child?

Forcing herself to smile, she awkwardly reaches out her hand to the kid. "My name is Charlie kiddo, I run a... uh... an establishment. Why don't you sit there for a bit while we wait for your parents?"

Blinking those bright blue eyes he had, Jia Hyson gave her a hesitant expression that made his previous haughty demeanour look more like he was putting up a front. Now he looked more obedient and lost which melted the older lady's heart a little. "I... I don't want to be a bother." For a split second, he seemed to have thought of something and then resumed his arrogant look, "Okay! But I have money, so I can pay you back and I won't owe you anything after!" 

"Okay, okay, do whatever," She agrees quickly. Looking at how smug and proud the other was, but how timidly and awkwardly he held her hand in contrast to his attitude, the older woman cursed the kid's parents. After all, even if they had to abandon him, they even went so far as dropping him off in the red light district! 

She couldn't tell but he looked at most, fifteen. A fifteen-year-old kid, clearly a little sheltered and dull-witted, with a pretty face and what seemed like foreign blood being dropped here during the night... The kid will be eaten alive here! Are they monsters???

The Rong family: We didn't, we don't- QwQ

Charlie ran a rather reputable bar and strip club. Jia Hyson who had looked around was fairly relaxed, contrary to his outward appearance which screamed nervous and shy. 

As someone who picked up a lot of people at a lot of bars, Jia Hyson had a bit of an ability to discern a decent bar. While the place was a bit run down, there looked to be groups of people familiar with the establishment, the tables and bar were clean, the smell of food was mouth-watering, and there were bouncers which showed a concern for safety. Jia Hyson was satisfied and silently communicated with Bebe who sent a message to this world's consciousness to pull a few strings.

And through a series of coincidental events, Jia Hyson stayed with Charlie in the red light district for two months while exposing himself to different people from all walks of life. That was enough to justify a person's enlightenment. 

Of course, Jia Hyson also made sure to pull his weight and help around, after all the patrolling vampires will report to Alaric's parents if he is too idle. Tsk.

And Charlie was a very responsible and surprisingly motherly character for someone who owns a strip club and sells what looks like illegal moonshine under the table. Therefore Jia Hyson couldn't have a proper sexual awakening under her watch either. Tsk. 

Not to mention he had to relearn how to do chores. Triple tsk. That one was definitely the worst. He had lived for over three lifetimes not needing to mop or iron clothes anymore and he really intended to continue that pattern. 

Anyway, that was how he spent roughly over the first two months of his time in this world. He had also got himself a laptop with the money he had been given and started to write his stories under his pseudonym ShiningGreenTea and was taught a few makeup skills from the strippers that worked under Charlie.

Jia Hyson: 'I still can't believe I went to a strip club for two months and didn't get laid once.'

Bebe: 'Shut up, the number of times you put your face in the strippers' chests was so unsightly you pervert.'

Jia Hyson: 'IT WAS CONSENSUAL! THEY PUT THEIR CHESTS INTO MY FACE!'

Bebe: 'Sure, sure... The only time you can act like a timid and shy virgin white lotus is when boobs are involved huh.'

Jia Hyson: 'Untrue. I also do it for moobs too.' :)

Bebe: _ 

While it was too much to say Prince Silas didn't like Alaric before the trip, it was also false to say he enjoyed his company either. Alaric was very stiff, he didn't want to talk casually with him and only spoke using formalities and strict etiquette while nagging at him constantly to be a better representative of the royal family. If Silas wasn't so impassive to things, he probably would have done his best to avoid Alaric as much as possible.

But after coming back, Alaric, while still quite nagging, had become very... relaxed? Teasing? Gentler? It was as if Alaric had lost and gained something inexplicable at once. While he was still quite rule-abiding, he was easier to talk to and quite whimsical which Silas enjoyed quite a lot. After a few months of adjusting to the change, Silas even found the other's nagging a bit cute as well. Like a hissing cat.

Prince Silas was too lazy to make friends, but since Alaric insisted on sticking to him like this, he supposes it would be more of a pain to leave him alone ah. 

"Anyway," Jia Hyson coughs, "I need to go do my homework, you know how it is."

Prince Silas glances at him doubtfully. "I don't recall any homework we were assigned?"

Because they were high-class noble vampires that were still quite young, they were essentially homeschooled until they could go to St Lailah's the academy created to allow young vampires to socialise in the outside world in a safe setting. Of course, as Prince Silas was part of the royal family and Alaric Rong's family was very closely entwined with the royal bloodline as their loyal helpers and mentors, the families often taught the children of the same age range together with a few other prominent families' children. 

The classes were set in the royal family's castle's East Wing. As there really weren't too many noble vampires, it was also set up as a place for the young vampires to also socialise and hang out. 

Alaric was one of the only ones who hung around the empty library, with Prince Silas being the other person- though for the former it was to do his work and try to pursue more knowledge to become his ideal perfect vampire, and the latter was to have a quiet place to nap. They actually didn't interact much but when it happened, it was mainly Alaric trying to awkwardly flatter Prince Silas or nagging him to uphold the royal dignity. 

When Jia Hyson came back from his two-month trip, he also followed Alaric's habits to some extent. However, he would only gently nag and never push too hard, after all, it was really too rude to force your ideals onto someone you were not even a close acquaintance to. 

It is said, the story of the North Wind and the Sun was really applicable here. The original Alaric was the north wind who couldn't achieve a good friendship with Prince Silas, but Jia Hyson who used the sun's passive tactics gained the other's goodwill and a tentative friendship.

"Yes, well, I asked for extra homework," Jia Hyson coughs. His eyes glance at his computer and fidgets subconsciously. He hasn't had the opportunity to post on his cross-dressing blog for a while and he really wanted to do it as soon as possible, preferably during the best traffic time. 

He was the type who needed that instant gratification high and would post things almost immediately when he was done with something. Right now his stories and writers blog had a stable and high popularity but his crossdressing blog was still fairly new, only started a month and a half ago and was growing at a barely adequate rate. Jia Hyson who was used to catching fans quickly was a little impatient. 

It couldn't be helped, he was busy adjusting to the world, the schoolwork the vampires his age was given plus the extra workload that comes with being from a noble family that insists on being better than everyone- where would he have a few hours to indulge in anything much less cross-dressing where he had to be all secretive about it. 

Because of this, his update time for his cross-dressing blog was appallingly slow, and for a new blog that was really not good.

Jia Hyson has always advocated on posting more at the start in order to catch as much as he can while he still has the freshness of being a newbie blogger. After all, to a bystander, a small, new blog with a few followers is normal, but an old blog with few followers is instinctively interpreted as garbage and not worth the time to explore. It's shallow and cruel but it's true, Jia Hyson is a firm believer of this theory, so it distresses him more seeing how long it's been since he's posted some photos. 

Thinking about it even more, the itch in his brain couldn't be suppressed and Jia Hyson grabbed his laptop and stood up, "Anyway," He coughs awkwardly, before bowing apologetically to the prince, "I really must go, I do think I asked for too much extra work so I should go home and finish it as soon as possible to not lose face."

Prince Silas slowly tilted his head to the side thoughtfully before saying, in uncharacteristic proactiveness, "..If you want, I don't mind sparing some time helping you-"

Jia Hyson: "..." No! Fuck off! I need to post my shit!

"I wouldn't dare! There's no need! Thank you! And! Goodbye!" Jia Hyson immediately runs off, clutching his precious laptop in his arms.

Prince Silas' pitch-black eyes blink slowly and helplessly. 

It was true that he thought the other had changed for the better. 

...But he did wish Alaric was less addicted to his computer though.  




After making his frankly, awfully rushed excuses, which endangered his standing in the 'I read porn and weird shit on my phone in public' community, Jia Hyson quickly left the castle to escape to the privacy of his own room in the Rong Estate. 

The Rong Estate was very close to the castle for convenience given their close relationship with royalty. In fact, the majority of the Rongs who worked there also lived in the castle, almost making the estate redundant. Still, as vampires their speed was incredible and as the coven was well isolated with no humans around, it only took a few minutes to swiftly travel between the two buildings so it wasn't inconvenient at all. 

Once in the safety of his own room, Jia Hyson exhaled heavily. Silas may be lazy but he was incredibly overpowered and Jia Hyson couldn't guarantee he would be caught if he continued to play around on his laptop in the library. While he had the intention of befriending the rather apathetic Silas who would serve as good support should his crossdressing be revealed, they were far from close yet. 

It had only been just under seven months since Jia Hyson had become Alaric Rong. 

Like usual, he had arrived fairly early, about four years before the plot starts to be exact. In less than a year he will be entering St Lailah with Prince Silas and a couple of other vampires and had more or less adjusted to the world.

However, it hadn't been easy.

Just thinking about it made Jia Hyson sigh.

It wasn't the drinking blood thing. Jia Hyson had always been the type to do what the Romans do and had very little hesitation or unwillingness to chug down a glass of freshly extracted warm blood. In fact, he had quickly developed preferences for his blood, preferring diabetics with higher glucose levels in their blood which produce a sweeter taste, and vegans who had very clean and crisp tasting blood.

Jia Hyson: "It's the first time I actively searched out for vegans with such passion hahaha."

Bebe: "..." It sucks how well he has adjusted to drinking blood but at the same time at least Bebe didn't have to deal with the usual whining and complaining. 

To be honest vampires here, at least the noble ones like himself did not hold the typical weaknesses of vampires. They didn't enjoy the sunlight and was a bit easier to blind that was true. But they didn't burn underneath the sun, they could cross through running water, enter places uninvited albeit it was deemed incredibly rude to, and their reflections can be seen through mirrors and cameras. 

Even the blood situation was not that bad. They still needed it to survive of course, and the demand for it was higher when physically and magically exhausted or injured, but generally, if they lived salted fish lives it was fine to drink a few cups every two or three months or so. Besides, it wasn't like every vampire spent their lives being lazy, there were many gourmet vampires and vampires interested in scientific research that had produced blood supplement pills and candy that can also satisfy the cravings to some extent. 

If you were really against drinking human blood, animal blood was an option, and if you wanted to go vegan, coconut water can to some extent mimic the intracellular fluids of blood. However coconut water cannot be substituted for blood plasma and while a good source of calcium, potassium and magnesium as an oral hydration source, it's still not enough for vampires and can only really serve as a way to buy time in emergency situations. 

Vampires interested in this though are trying to create fake blood with coconut water as a basis. Unfortunately, the results weren't very optimistic yet. 

Of course, human blood was the most beneficial to vampires, and the amount of animal blood needed to supplement the same amount of human blood was more or less considered too inconvenient so it was not very popular either. Still, it didn't stop vampires from enjoying a good bloody steak, however, it was more like a snack to them with not too much nutritional value. 

Jia Hyson of course was only mildly interested in this. Maybe other hosts would prefer to go with the alternatives or feel ill thinking they're consuming the blood of their fellow man, but Jia Hyson was very happy with the current situation. It's not like he hadn't tasted that stuff before ah, curiosity and a sick euphoria of the taboo and all that, so he would be a bit of a hypocrite if he suddenly felt the whole situation was wrong. 

No, what was the biggest things were probably the vampire politics, re-adjusting his mindset in regards to his new vampire biology and... and...

Alaric's frankly awful taste. 

Now Jia Hyson wants to say he doesn't judge a person's choice to wear women's or men's clothing. But that would be a lie. He judges everything. He's a very judgemental person. And he would especially judge a person's choice to wear bad women's or men's clothing. 

He has aesthetics and he will judge you hard if you don't fit them. Which honestly is quite hard to do because his standards, like his morality, are both flexible and pretty low.

Jia Hyson didn't know if this was because the author god was just a really bigoted piece of shit or Alaric was actually blind but when Jia Hyson first opened the secret closet of clothing according to Alaric's memory he had been appalled by what he saw. 

It was like the ribbon and lace monsters had attacked all the clothes in there, reproducing and spawning until it had become hard to tell if they were shirts, pants, or skirts. 

Not to mention the colour, ugh, it was all pink or white. And that's fine. Pink was fine. Jia Hyson had a bit of a feminine heart and enjoyed wearing soft pastel colours as much as striking and dark colours. But god, there was just so much, it was painful to the eyes.

Not to mention, the garish rhinestone hairpins, large flower accessories, heart shapes... It was so exaggerated it was like Alaric was afraid you couldn't understand that he liked women's clothing and had to steal all the designs of Princess Barbie's fashion team. 

Ostentatious, exaggerated and flamboyant. Maybe other people enjoyed this style but Jia Hyson really couldn't. 

Looking at the closet of 'treasures' Jia Hyson couldn't help but question: Could it be the aesthetics of this world were different to his own? 

However, the clothing Alaric usually wears is fairly normal if a bit plain. Jia Hyson couldn't understand why it was like this.

This is hypocrisy, he is the first to admit it. Even though he says he's nonchalant and doesn't care what other people do, it seems it's human nature to judge and condemn. Jia Hyson is self-aware of it but what can he do? You can't live without judgement you can only learn to accept it while also trying to be a bit more open-minded to contrasting views too.

Jia Hyson closes his eyes and tried to think of various reasons. Maybe it was a cultural thing. Jia Hyson had felt that deeply when he first saw some of the more western plastic surgery trends with their very full lips and exaggerated implants. While originally he had felt it a bit strange and off-putting he eventually got used to it. 

He still didn't really like it much, and while he didn't really care if you had plastic surgery, he did judge the end result and was always more inclined to a more 'natural' look where you had trouble telling you've had the surgery at all. But would he show that dislike outwardly? Not really if he could help it, he just probably wouldn't sleep with them. 

Bebe: 'Why is it always about sex with you ah?'

Jia Hyson: 'The best way to superficially judge people is whether you would or would not want to potentially have sex with them in my opinion ah. You're not fucking their personality after all.'  

Bebe: 'Awful, you're so awful.'

Jia Hyson: 'God yes, hurt me more baby-'

Bebe:   Disgusting scum!

Alternatively, it was more likely that Alaric was overcompensating and also was too shy to learn how to style properly. From Jia Hyson's memories of Alaric, he was a very stubborn and frigid character, unwilling to get help unless he really needed it and felt his way was the right way until it goes wrong. And even then when it goes wrong he will not necessarily feel he was wrong. This sort of character was very dislikable honestly. If it wasn't for the whole cross-dressing bigotry, the man would have been absolute cannon fodder. 

Seeing his mind was once again going off-topic, Jia Hyson opens his eyes only to get blinded once again by the sheer pink and glitter. 

Jia Hyson: _(   )_ Blargh, it's like looking at a headache. 

In the end, he couldn't make himself accept all of Alaric's fashion choices and began to do some spring cleaning much to his annoyance. If his face wasn't so thin and he wasn't so disgusted at the idea of wearing a frilly frock with rainbow polka with a highlighter pink base, he really didn't want to clean and organize such a big walk-in closet. 

Maybe in Alaric's opinion, these are all pink and sweet clothes, very cute and loveable. But to be honest, picking clothes required more consideration and thought, after all not everything will suit the wearer and not everything will match with anything the same colour. 

There is a difference between pinks, some pinks are very distinct and hard to match with anything, and others can be very versatile and not so prominently eye-watering. The latter must be chosen critically and the former is easier to put aside to keep.

This is the same for lace and ribbons. Clothing with exaggerated and rather cheap-looking accessories can be quite cluttered and wretched, especially when matched with equally 'noisy' accessories. Jia Hyson still kept most of it because, to be honest, his face was good and his body was better, as long as he buys some plainer clothing, jeans, and simple designs, he could mix and match Alaric's collection and balance it out well. However many of the dresses at least had to be directly tossed and burned.

"I don't understand where Alaric had gotten half to these," Jia Hyson sighs emotionally as he slowly goes through the clothes off the racks and shelves and holds them up to himself as he looks in the mirror, "It's like he stole it from Cinderella's ugly stepsisters and forcibly merged it with Little Bo Peep.. it's really... Aiyah." 

The walk-in closet wasn't very big, but by the time Jia Hyson went through most of it, he felt his heart was really exhausted. Looking at the large pile of clothes he had taken out, he frowned, speechless at the sight. 

To be honest the number of rejected clothes wasn't small but the sheer amount of frills in a lot of them had bulked up the volume of the pile making it look more like a small mountain instead. 

"...Even though I have his memory, I still can't believe he managed to smuggle all of these underneath everyone's noses for so long," Jia Hyson almost admired it. You had to know some of those clothes were so floofy and bulky that stuffing these clothes into a backpack was the equivalent of trying to stuff a sleeping bag into a purse. If vampires didn't have naturally enhanced strength it would've been hard to compress it to such an extent.

However, it could also be attributed partially to Alaric Rong's powers.

Yes. All vampires in this world have a somewhat unique ability. It manifests when they are turned or, if they are a born natural vampire, it will manifest at a certain age, usually during puberty but there are cases of it happening younger or older. When the manifestation happens isn't necessarily very important to how strong their power is but generally, those that naturally manifests have better and stronger powers than those who had been 'turned'. 

Alaric's one was a little bit cliche but also fitting and still quite powerful. When Jia Hyson gained the memories of it he had been quite excited. 

Looking at the pile of clothes, he presses his forefinger and middle finger to his lips, blowing gently into them and moving his fingers away, similar to mimicking the act of smoking, however as if connected a small line of light blue mist follows out of his mouth and towards his fingers, still in the same position as before. As his fingers twist and swirl, the mist follows much to Jia Hyson's fascination. 

Then, according to his memory, he does a little swirling motion, making small circles in the air like a little tornado. Like sugar in a candy cane machine, the blue mist follows the spiralling movements and becomes bigger and brighter, from a sweet blue to a dazzling icy white. Once it was at a size roughly the shape of a small melon Jia Hyson slowed his pace a little so the tightly woven ball of mist loosened a little. 

Looking at the clothing pile, Jia Hyson 'threw' the ball of icy white mist at it. Even though he says throw, it was more like he violently flicked his wrist at the clothes, with his forefinger and middle finger in a shooting gesture. He felt very cool as the white ball, like a shooting star, flew quickly and struck the ugly clothing.

At first, nothing happened but quickly a frost began to form, covering the fabrics and rhinestones and ribbons, becoming more and more prominent as the ice grew relentlessly throughout the pile. Jia Hyson could feel the energy much easier now that the power had rooted itself and created the physical form of ice.

Raising both his hands toward the now half-frozen pile of clothes he uses the ice that is currently forming to quickly consume and then constrict the fabric, forcing the large pile of frilly garments into an impossibly small size that could probably be only done through a vacuum sealing. Of course, Jia Hyson didn't care about the safety of the clothes at all so he unhesitatingly clasped his hands together and the frozen garments began to crack and shatter like glass under pressure.

Jia Hyson laughed at the sheer rush of power he felt, it was icy and exhilarating. 

Concentrating further he made a grinding motion with the palms of his hands and the frozen shattered clothing was completely being ground into pink icy dust. Because it was so fine, the ice quickly began to melt and Jia Hyson quickly made a lifting motion with one hand, before grabbing a large garbage bag and shoving the icy sludge inside. 

Once done he quickly tied it up and exhaled. Touching his forehead he found it was actually dripping with sweat and his muscles were quite heavy. 

The manifestation of Alaric's power [Icy Kiss] happened before Jia Hyson entered the body but it was still fairly recent. It was only because Jia Hyson's visualisation skills and theoretical understanding helped him quickly comprehend what to do according to Alaric's memories that he did so well. However, his body was still not used to it and such a feat like what he just did was quite tiring. 

[Icy Kiss] was quite interesting. It was essentially that Alaric held ice magic in his body and once it's fully 'activated' he can control the ice at will until it melts and becomes more water than ice. However, there were conditions. The first, as the name suggests, Alaric needs to 'kiss' something. Of course, that was a bit too inconvenient and useless if it was actually to kiss something, it was more he needed to press his lips against something to release the ice magic in his body in the form of a mist-like substance.

This magic could be said to be in its dormant state, and is quite affectionate with whatever Alaric has kissed and will follow the kissed party- the more active it is the more energy it accumulates and the more powerful it can be. Once the magic is planted somewhere as directed by the kissed party, it will 'activate' and completely consume whatever it's 'planted on' in ice. If the energy isn't very strong it will simply freeze the surface or maybe just cover it in a thin layer of frost, but it was also capable of completely freezing anything. 

It was essentially like manipulating a liquid nitrogen bomb.

What was even more overpowered was once it was 'activated' Alaric can manipulate that ice at will. Alter its appearance so it sprouts ice spikes, levitate it, compress it until it couldn't be physically any smaller, speed up and slow down the freezing process and of course- shatter the frozen party completely. 

Jia Hyson: 'God this is badass and sexy, I want to steal this skill so bad.'

What was even better was it has manifested to be that overpowered at the start, it was just a matter of controlling it, concentrating, and getting your body used to undertaking the stress of it. However, there was really nothing to complain or nitpick about. 

Anyway, since cleaning out the closet, Jia Hyson had the problem of buying new clothing to give him a better range to mix and match. Fortunately, the original Alaric had already arranged a way to get the opportunity to shop which was volunteering fortnightly to patrol the nearby city areas for rogue vampires. 

Because of how big and reputable the Golden Rose Coven was, patrolling nearby human-populated areas was not a very high-risk job and was considered quite a dull chore for many powerful vampires and the older vampires were worried the less powerful and younger vampires would potentially get hurt or abuse the freedom to illegally turn humans. Therefore the responsible and uptight Alaric who had awakened a very strong power was considered a godsend. 

Unfortunately, Alaric was still too young and had to undergo schooling as well as other things so it was decided he could only help out every two weeks. The original Alaric was a bit disappointed, however, that sounded fairly perfect for Jia Hyson. He wanted the majority of nights free to laze around and indulge in his hobbies, not walk around the city searching for criminals that probably weren't there. 

Fortnightly was also enough to slowly handpick and buy clothing for his crossdressing. While Jia Hyson had the intention to continue Alaric's interest, he didn't have the desire to completely follow the other's aesthetic. After all, he was the one living through this, he wanted to enjoy it and wear what he personally thinks is pretty and confirms to his own interests. 

Pastel purples, teals, greens, blues, simple and light colours, flowy and loose clothing, safe and sweet... Jia Hyson shyly bought long skirts and simple shorts, easing himself into the idea. Of course, the kinkier side of him can't help but buy a few more lewd items of clothing that caught his eyes too but generally he tried his best to keep a more platonic and pure frame of mind. 

No matter the era, women's clothing was more varied and unfortunately more expensive. Alaric had a monthly allowance but to be honest he spent the majority of it on those ugly clothes that were annoyingly more expensive than they had a right to be. It was a good thing Jia Hyson and Bebe, who were internet addicted experts, knew the best way to generate passive income from Jia Hyson's online writings so the issue of money was not too much of a problem for them. 

In the end, once he amassed a small collection that Jia Hyson felt was quite pleasing to the eye, he slowly started to experiment and try fully crossdressing for the first time. 

And it was... eye-opening to say the least.

"This is..." Jia Hyson flushed, the shame and embarrassment as well as his vanity was definitely provoking his libido. Touching the intricate lace fabric a little uncomfortably, he turns around and admires himself in the mirror, "Fuck this isn't so bad ah." 

Sefu liked him wearing girly things but it was mainly lingerie and such, he actually had been a bit less interested in full-on outfits. Mainly because the Lolita type shit Sefu really gets off on was just too hard to put on and take off, especially for Prince Farrell's body type which was quite muscular.

Alaric was different though. He was young, slim and petite. And when he grows up a little more physically he will still be quite slender in frame. Though unmistakably a man when crossdressing, it was possible with the right clothing and makeup to convincingly turn him into a tall, masculine woman. 

However, right now it was really hard to tell his gender. Jia Hyson touched the mirror, looking at his reflection, both entranced and aroused. The more he looked the more he felt that he could really, passionately do this. "Fuck," he says vehemently, "I'm so fucking pretty and cute." 

He then absentmindedly touched his face. As a vampire, his skin was obviously quite pale. Of course, it wasn't a big problem. While it looks a bit sickly, his face value was still high enough to ignore it.

Plus, such pale skin goes well with contrasting dark clothes and gives an inhuman fairy-like effect with pastels. Unfortunately in contrast his more vibrant outfits would make him look totally washed out in comparison ah. Jia Hyson felt he looked like a delicate doll, which, given his past experience with dolls... wasn't something he liked but objectively he admitted that beauty was still beauty. 

Still, it would be better if he got some makeup on to give himself some more colour to his face. 

Quickly he reached over for some foundation and stubbornly ignored the fact that he had always disliked women and men who had too much make-up and was always a strong advocate of the 'natural look'. 

This was mainly because he disliked the taste and feel of makeup more than any appearance issue caused by makeup in itself. Though in fairness sometimes it is an appearance issue as well. Still, even if applied to himself he couldn't bear heavy makeup. Just wearing enough makeup to avoid showing a shiny sweaty face in front of the camera was already really stifling to him. 

But, but now for the sake of looking even cuter, he will do it!!! (,,,>  <,,)

Ahhhh he should probably buy more wigs, he would look so good with curly long hair!!!!!

Bebe: '...' Bebe can practically hear a new switch being flipped in that pervert's brain. 

Maybe it was the remnant feelings of the original, or maybe (probably) Jia Hyson's own small crossdressing fetish having evolved thanks to Sefu's past kinks and forced him to more strongly associate the act of dressing like a girl with sexual connotations but Jia Hyson felt more excited the more he looked at how feminized he was ah. 

Ah- it was so embarrassing- but it looked so good-

Lifting up his skirt and revealing the bulge in his panties, Jia Hyson panted harshly and almost came right there. 

Bebe: '...Why can't you just try make this come off as tasteful and not make Alaric Rong seem like some depraved pervert?'

Depraved pervert Jia Hyson: 'Look, let's just let me be a closeted pervert and cut the whole character out of the story the best we can okay? Let me enjoy this!' 

The more he thought about it the more he convinced himself that his option of staying out of the story was the best way, not just safest, but it gave him a lot more freedom. It was really easier to just not include something controversial than try to include something controversial and not be hated for it anyway ah. 

Though generally most people are okay and understanding about the intentions behind trying to include more diversity, it is unfortunately the more sensitive and politically correct justice fighters that are much more vocal and more willing to give reviews than real fans. Plus, the author god is a bigot and prejudiced against crossdressing and transgender type issues. Even if the systems do their part there is obviously a higher chance of failure there in comparison to not touching such a sensitive issue at all. 

More importantly... that means he can just fuck off in the background and do whatever! Other than a few manipulations behind the scenes, just the lack of his controversial identity alone would improve the ratings. Meanwhile, he can enjoy the experience of indulging wholeheartedly in crossdressing and occasionally promoting thoughtful and critical thinking to the netizens about gender norms, toxic masculinity and so on with his stories online.

Compared to the last world where he had to do so much and think so hard about maintaining the genre and keeping Tang Muxin's goals in check, this job would become much easier.

Bebe: '...What the fuck are you talking about? Your whole thing was flirting with a fucking rooster.' 

Jia Hyson: 'My ways are eccentric but you can't deny the results oh-.'

Bebe: '...' Bebe really couldn't ah. 

With that tentative new plan made, Jia Hyson begins to focus on pleasuring his femboy self in front of the mirror. 

"Tsk, tsk, I love this feeling of complete taboo while not actually crossing any moral boundaries," Jia Hyson comments as he idly strokes himself over the soft fabric of his underwear that was becoming damp with arousal. 

Seeing his manhood thickening in contrast with his female appearance Jia Hyson, whose body was still young and full of vigour, was so overwhelmed he squeezed his cock hard and the pressure immediately made him spurt copious amounts of cum into his cute panties. Panting, Jia Hyson felt his legs weaken and he stumbled to his coffin and sat on top of it in order to recover some strength.

"Oh, that felt so good," he groans, then he licks his lips as he lifts his skirt again. Stretching his underwear he reveals the mess he made in it, and his legs couldn't help but push against each other, rubbing together in embarrassment and excitement at such an erotic sight. His dick which was still a little overstimulated twitched, eager to start a new round. 

And who was he to deny himself? After all, he was such a cutie, he deserved to be treated well heheh.

Bebe: ...Oh my system god. Is this what the entire arc is going to be like?

"Ah-"

...

...

..



Thinking about the first time he experienced the pleasure of fully cross-dressing, then the pleasure of taking photos of himself and sharing them online where many people affirmed his beauty, Jia Hyson felt his vanity being greatly stroked.

Jia Hyson: Aiyah- The feeling of being loved for my talents is completely different from being loved by my looks- Look at me more- Admire me more- 

Bebe:   This narcissistic fuck.

What was even better was that this time period's surveillance was not the best, and it was easier to enter the more suspicious establishments with no one the wiser. Not only did Jia Hyson amass a collection of clothing he liked but he also bought a few sex toys he absolutely loved. 

After all, he would be heading to St Lailah's soon, and it will be more or less like a boarding school, with only every second weekend allowing the students to leave the school grounds to have fun or go home. With Alaric's rule-abiding personality, Jia Hyson couldn't exactly sneak out to have fun outside, and he wasn't sure if it was worth the trouble of flirting with his fellow schoolmates. Therefore, for the sake of the plot, for the sake of not going out of character... Jia Hyson must buy two dildos! A butt plug! And one cute pink vibrating egg!

Bebe:   WHAT FOR THE SAKE OF THE PLOT- FOR THE SAKE OF YOUR SLUTTY ASS MORE LIKE IT!

Jia Hyson: Oh Bebe... at least wait until I unpack my new toy before you dirty talk me like this- (, w ,,)

Bebe: vomiting noises

In fairness, St Lailah's was like a smaller certain magic wizard school castle, where it encompassed a large area and even had a cute little village nearby for students to shop and relax. If one wasn't an incredibly needy old pervert like Jia Hyson, living such a school life would be quite fulfilling. 

After all, it was an academy that served not only vampires but the most renowned humans' children, the young geniuses, the talents, and the descendants of the rich and famous. If the academy could not satisfy them then it would not be worth the prestige. 

To be honest, lack of sex aside, Jia Hyson was looking forward to it. He hadn't experienced much of a proper school life since transmigrating, and the private vampire tutors, and private tutors when he was a prince, did not count. Homeschooling is not the same as actual schooling... Okay, the vampire tutoring was a bit like actual schooling but that's not the point! Jia Hyson had never gone to what sounded like a really fancy preparatory boarding school before, it was a bit exciting like he was in one of the western television shows.

Giddy for various reasons, Jia Hyson who had locked his bedroom door, immediately put the clunky laptop onto the desk and opened it. The blogging account was still logged in, unlike the rather demure page of ShiningGreenTea which gave a very refreshing and mature, modern feel with its light matcha green and crisp white aesthetic, the blog SweetJasmine was full of a cute floral vibe. 

Seeing that his post was still there and unpublished, Jia Hyson breathes a sigh of relief. It was a bit annoying, Jia Hyson was used to having most things automatically save but now if his laptop goes into sleep mode it was like tossing a coin to see if his computer will refresh and ruin his hard edited work. It was a good thing Bebe was there to retrieve any lost data but it was still annoying. Jia Hyson didn't know how he had lived as a child, thinking such inconvenience was normal and even impressive. 

SweetJasmine, his crossdressing blog, was openly a crossdressing blog. He didn't deny it, or hide it, but he did something even more shameful.

...He put ShiningGreenTea as his favourite author. 

Anyway, if he really doesn't get as many fans as he wants due to his slow and sporadic update schedule he plans to proceed to do something even more shameful than that.

Use his ShiningGreenTea account to plug his SweetJasmine account, praising this cute little fan of his.

Jia Hyson, as a popular writer who never needed to stoop to such desperate tactics, didn't want to do this either! But fuck! There was something about being praised solely for his looks that felt so gratifying! 

Like oh, your writing changed my life and my entire outlook? Your story made me laugh so hard it made my day? Those were great and they undeniably made him smile reading them all but he had been enjoying similar compliments his entire writing career. And sure he gets complimented for his looks when picking someone up or dating, but you don't often get people who straightforwardly say the sort of compliments you can receive online after all. 

So many strangers... affirming his appearance... Looking at him dressed as a girl... calling him beautiful, cute, gorgeous... It felt so good... so satisfying... so arousing...

Biting his lip, he goes through the post again, double-checking all the photos he wants are there and the cute little description was present as well. Finally satisfied, he posts it.

'Today I saw the cutest scarf from Valeria hehe- UwU I just had to buy it! >-< Fortunately it was at a discount or I wouldn't be able to afford this refreshing ice peach tea. I really like the peach jelly they added inside! Really flavourful and sweet!  '

One like.

Two likes.

Nine likes.

[Ah! Ah! Jasmine you look so good! I seriously cannot believe you're a boy!]

[Eh? You're a boy?? Ah, my heart is... still beating really hard? Beauty tell me this isn't true!]

[Heh, upstairs, continue to be in denial. Meanwhile, I will pursue my lovely wife!!!]

[Omg I like the scarf but your outfit compliments it so well?? Where did you get the skirt?]

[Sexy.]

[You're so pretty!!! I love your hairstyle! Is it new? I like the pink wig better but those chestnut curls are really cute too!]

Seeing the comments Jia Hyson couldn't help but shift his hips on the seat and reach down to cup his hardening length again as he breathes hard. "Ah, it's really so embarrassing..." He groans softly.

It's a pity his style is still too conservative, so the comments were also fairly tame and most of his viewers were actually women with maybe fifteen per cent being males that were attracted to him. However, even if they were in the minority, like most horny men on the internet, they were quite vocal and were on equal footing with the platonic comments in terms of numbers. 

Thinking of his fans who already had been taken by his appearance, now added with a filter of covetous wanton longing and hunger, spurred Jia Hyson's narcissism, ego, and masochism, which never failed in provoking the arousal inside him. 

Ahhhh, if he wasn't so worried about his identity being revealed he really wanted to open a niche 'cam boy' account as well. It was a bit disappointing.

Bebe: '...'

Bebe: '...'

Bebe: '...if you can get enough fans... Bebe can try to set something up."

Jia Hyson completely sobered up and took his hand away from his crotch in shock and pleasant surprise. "For real?! You'll really set up a cam boy website for me?" He narrows his eyes suspiciously, "Why?"

Bebe: 'It's as you said, this world is not too hard you might as well enjoy yourself.' It can't tell its host that it had cried after reading Defining My Brother and wanted to do something for Jia Hyson as a small fan. 

Jia Hyson didn't question it. After all, they may bicker but he knew Bebe well enough that the system wouldn't offer it if he wasn't serious. Besides with Bebe constructing the site and making the arrangements the site's privacy would be secure, stable and they could also hack into the profiles to filter them and make sure there was nobody who would recognize himself! 

"Ah! Ah! Thank you, Bebe!" Jia Hyson hugged himself tightly to try to convey his gratitude and happiness. Thinking it wasn't enough he looked at his wrist and summoned the silver bangle he usually put in the small system space during missions and hugged that. 

'Hehe, no problem-' Bebe says shyly. 

"Ah I'm so excited I'm, nghnmmm-"

Bebe: ...And he's touching himself again. 

Just imagining performing all the lewd little things he wanted live to a paying audience made his body heat up almost painfully. Running his hands over his body, brushing at his erect nipples before moving back down to his hard cock straining in his pants, Jia Hyson groans, even more stimulated than before. 

The mental masturbation fodder feeding his dirty mind is now better quality and hence he is more uncontrollably excited than before. 

Pushing his restricting pants down and kicking them off onto the floor, Jia Hyson begins to rub himself through the soft fabric of his underwear with the palm of his hand. His fingers occasionally grazing, cupping and squeezing his dick and his balls. He loves the added feeling of the soft cotton fabric shifting against his sensitive skin, and he couldn't help but repeatedly and firmly massage the top of cock, enjoying the growing wetness of the fabric in response. 

With his free hand, he teasingly continues to touch anywhere he wanted to add to the stimulation, running his fingers through his scalp, massaging his chest and neck as he follows the curves of his body and touching behind his ears. Idly he explores all the sensitive points of his body, the places that feel especially pleasurable he would go back to and focus on further, stroking, lightly pinching and grinding it with his skilled hands.

After being completely worked up, Jia Hyson pushes his damp underwear off and kicks them to the side to join his pants. Feeling the throbbing ache inside him, he suddenly comes up with an amazing idea in his lust-riddled mind.

Pressing his forefinger and middle finger to his lips, he pulls out some ice magic from his mouth before making one quick circular motion and shooting the mist-like magic toward his coffin-side chest of drawers. Because he didn't play with the magic much, the energy isn't very strong, only covering the entire outside of the drawer with frost and not penetrating the wood. Without looking he closes his eyes and concentrates, the hand he had shot the magic out from still facing towards the drawer.

With the hand outstretched he slowly moves his fingers so they touch while moving his wrist back, similar to how one would mime a jellyfish swimming in the sea using one hand. Under the motion, the frost that covered the drawer retreated back, all the ice covering the exterior moving towards the inside of the bottom drawer.

Jia Hyson makes a few awkward hand movements with his eyes closed before he finally makes a triumphant grabbing motion and then impatiently punches the air in front of him.

The bottom drawer bursts out violently with a bang which startles Jia Hyson into swearing. "Fuck! Idiot!" He curses himself, he was too impatient and it was too frustrating to grasp something blindly like that. Fortunately, he got what he wanted and a dildo generously coated in ice flew toward him.

Bebe: '..You know you could have, oh, Bebe doesn't know... Stood up, walked three metres and then grab it before walking back?'

Jia Hyson: 'It's practice to hone my control over my powers ah.'

Bebe: 'To control your powers so you don't have to stand up, walk three metres and grab something easily accessible to you?'

Jia Hyson: 'Yes, well, and hear me out- shut the fuck up.'

Using his finger to beckon the sex toy close, Jia Hyson triumphantly grabs it before immediately letting go with a soft, "Ah!"

...Really cold. 

He could manipulate ice and a vampire's tolerance to coldness was better than humans but to be honest, compared to a lot of animals, humans had a shitty tolerance to the cold anyway. No matter what, Jia Hyson still had more or less the same nervous system as humans albeit somewhat dulled in terms of the pain and cold, still, ice was fucking ice, and his was cold as hell.

Jia Hyson rubbed his cold fingers together, the sudden stinging cold made his fingers feel a bit tingly, and Jia Hyson was more aware of the feeling of friction of his fingers kneading against each other to warm themselves up. He smiles lecherously. 

Temperature play is a way to shock the skin's neuroreceptors, where, through heat or cold, it will give the body a stimulating rush of sensations that can provoke one's arousal. 

As he was just about to melt the ice surrounding the sex toy so it becomes a more bearable temperature Jia Hyson suddenly had another amazing idea.

With the same movements, he summoned a nearby lotion bottle. Thankfully it was on top of the coffin-side drawer so it was not as hard to grasp.

Using the ice to manipulate it he pumps a generous amount onto his hand, rubbing it together to warm it up. Fortunately, the speed was much faster so while the lotion was very cold it wasn't to the point the liquid had crystallized. 

Finally, when the temperature was warm enough Jia Hyson lifted up his legs so his feet were on the edge of the chair, the chair handholds steadying his legs that formed an 'M' position, and he reached down to loosen his hole. The slick sounds and his soft moaning echoed throughout the room. 

His fingers which were gently rubbing his inner walls had started to move at a faster pace, roughly and sloppily digging deeper inside himself making his toes curl in pleasure at his own debasement. "Ah, god, haahh, look at me..." Jia Hyson breathes out shakily to himself. "Fuck, mnnn, so horny..."

He always had a humiliation kink, and honestly, this sort of thing played into it perfectly. 

There was just something about dressing up, being lusted at, being admired- and then the idea of being completely stripped down and exposed completely, that sense of humiliation and embarrassment was indescribable. Awe turning to lust, respectful to sadistic, looking down at his collapsing image to see the obscene side of him and becoming completely overwhelmed by desire, infatuation, domination and a bit of cruel vengefulness. 

He wants to be bullied but also loved and desired. Of course, he also wants to bully with the same sort of passion but so far, there has been no one, in particular, who he wants to bully in this world, meaning he could only bully himself. 

After stretching himself well enough Jia Hyson snaps his fingers and points downwards to his dick, curved up, wet and flushed. The dildo follows obediently, brushing against his erection and making it jolt and tremble while Jia Hyson hisses in pained pleasure before he directs it further down and makes another gesture to manipulate the toy to face his entrance, wet with lubricant. 

As the still icy dildo penetrated him, Jia Hyson threw his head back and gasped loudly, gripping the handles of his seat tightly as he tried to relax to let the cold object enter him. Still, despite being almost painfully cold, his dick betrayed his reactions as it stayed painfully hard, drooling profusely. 

His control over the ice was still not good enough to do much without hand gestures but a simply thrusting movement was enough to do just telepathically. As it slides in and out of him slowly, Jia Hyson who was already quite close already took one hand and began gently playing with his nipples through his shirt while the other hand continued to grip the armrest in earnest. 

The pace of the thrusts quickly pick up, soon almost violently pounding into his ass while Jia Hyson could only give up playing with his chest and hold on tightly as his body rocks against the chair under the movements. What was even better was that the ice was quickly melting, making it hard to control the dildo inside him. The erratic and unpredictable movements made it almost feel like someone else was really fucking him. 

Sometimes he would gain control but due to him using more power it may occasionally push inside him deeply, rubbing forcefully against his prostate, sometimes it will slip up and suddenly twist or try to turn, and sometimes the thrusting was frustratingly shallow and teasing. "Ah! Ah! Mngh! Please!" Jia Hyson's sweat was rolling off him, partly due to the concentration he had to use, partly due to exhaustion and mainly due to the sheer pleasure he was experiencing.

One last, violent thrust was enough to push him over. Thrusting his hips upward and arching his back against the seat he gasps wordlessly as cum splatters across his chest and face, the dildo embedded deeply was clenched tightly inside him as water from the melting ice drips out. 

Collapsing back onto his seat, panting harshly Jia Hyson sleepily relaxes into the seat as if his limbs had melted. Once he caught his breath and his vision was less blurry he wiped his eyes and felt a little disgusted with how sticky he was. Touching the small splatter of cum on his face he absentmindedly licks it up.

Hm, it turns out a diet of blood doesn't change the taste so much. 

Suddenly his ears seemed to pick something up and trembled slightly. Jia Hyson sat up. It felt like he had heard something but at the same time, he isn't sure what he had heard. Feeling a bit hyperaware of things, Jia Hyson stands up, ignoring the wetness dripping from his ass as well as the toy inside him as he looks in the direction where he thought the possible noise might have originated.

Huh, was the window open before?

Jia Hyson's heart thumps and he rushes to slam open the window, his vampiric instincts alarmed and wary as his eyes try and see if there was any signs of someone hiding.

He wasn't stupid, even if he was forgetful often, he is at least confident he didn't open the window. 

After all, what he dislikes the most is when people leave the open letting all sorts of insects, dirt and stray leaves enter the room. The Rong villa was luxurious and beautiful, surrounded by greenery and beautiful plants. But that also meant there were many insects. This is especially so for Jia Hyson's case because his room was facing a big ass beech tree. 

Jia Hyson likes insects. He likes the beech tree and he likes that he can watch the wildlife he can spot with his improved eyesight. But that doesn't mean he wants that shit in his room. 

What if it gets in his coffin? Can you imagine? Sleeping in an enclosed space in the dark and suddenly something with many tiny legs just scuttles across your toes? Fuck! It makes him shudder in horror just thinking about it. He can forget to do a lot of things, he might forget to lock the windows but at the very least, closing the window he is sure of.

And the window isn't light, the hinges are not so easy to move, and there was no way you could say a stray gust of wind could have moved it either.

'Bebe, did you see the window move?'

'Uh, no, Bebe was distracted by the telepathic ice dildo fucking into you while you cried "Harder daddy!" just then.'

Jia Hyson: '...I didn't cry "Harder daddy."'

Bebe: '...But deep down didn't you want daddy to go harder?'

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'Moving on-'

No matter how hard he looks he couldn't detect anyone present. Narrowing his eyes, he stretches his head out the window further. 'Then can you scan to see if anyone is nearby?'

Bebe hesitates, 'Bebe will try but the magic in this world is quite a high level, if the user's skill is powerful, or the user is powerful in themselves, Bebe may not be able to detect them unless Bebe upgrades the scanner function.' 

Jia Hyson weighs the pros and cons in his head. Like most things when levelling up, the price increases exponentially each time. To be honest Jia Hyson and Bebe have been going the cheap and lazy route of using the basic functions until it becomes necessary to upgrade. Their missions weren't reliant on them becoming overpowered anyway. "Roughly how high a level do you think you would have to be?"

Bebe didn't answer for a moment, still scanning the immediate area best it could. Finally, it beeped negatively, finding no one in its sensors, before answering Jia Hyson, "The areas near the castle are all for noble vampire families, the rule of this world is that generally, vampires who are naturally born as vampires have stronger and more innate control of their powers... Bebe would estimate needing to upgrade to level 7 at best."

"Tsk," That's a lot of system p, "Never mind if they used technology to record it you would've noticed. Besides homosexuality is not unaccepted here anyway." 

That was true. Vampires lived long, and many still have the habit of cultivating blood slaves and small harems for themselves here. Most of the old fritters around here probably had two or three pretty young men or women servicing them nightly. While the Golden Rose Coven is trying to abolish the whole blood slave things on the light side, there were still many old prestigious vampires who secretly carry on this 'tradition'.

That wasn't really the point. The point was that while being gay was the minority, to be honest, it was more like being bisexual was the majority. Jia Hyson didn't have the statistics or anything, but from what he observed the coven was roughly 50% bisexual or at least experimental, and 47% were straight. To be honest, there were probably more gay vampires but there were so many open marriages and harems and stuff that Jia Hyson really couldn't say. 

Morality was not the highest within the vampire community. As long as you can impregnate or be impregnated by a fellow vampire successfully once in your life everyone is happy. After all, similar to dragons in the last world- the fertility for natural vampires was really bad. That seemed to be the trend for most powerful and long-lived species really. 

Which biologically makes sense, trade-offs and all that. 

To be honest it doesn't really make sense that crossdressing was deemed so abnormal in such a setting but upon further thought, it was mainly Jessica Fang who had the worst reaction to the discovery. The ones close to her did agree and showed their own levels of disdain for Alaric, but upon deeper thought, this revelation could just be them mentally adding the final blow to their already poor impressions of the vampire. 

Maybe it was because Jessica was the protagonist therefore her emotions were more emphasized by the author, but there was really not much that was said about the other individual reactions to the crossdressing specifically. Other than a few derisive jokes about how Alaric didn't look like that sort of person and how they couldn't imagine such an image it was mainly them agreeing because 'Jessica said so'. 

Personally, Jia Hyson almost disdained that sort of thinking more than Jessica's thoughts. Like, say what you want, even if she was a bigot she expressed her own opinion and stance, not just followed along regardless of your own thoughts just so a cute girl favours you.

And sure, Alaric was outcasted for crossdressing by Jessica, but this could be attributed to various factors happening at the same time that was against him. After all, you could probably strip one of their titles for having their less savoury interests revealed to the world but exile was quite a harsh measure. 

It was a bit like if a CEO was revealed to enjoy BDSM, if it's revealed between friends then the impact is not too big, but if someone posts the CEO's compromising photos online his image and reputation are ruined and it would be a difficult feat to potentially keep his position or continue to work during that time but unless the CEO was doing BDSM to like, an underage child or an endangered tortoise, the company would not take an aggressive initiative to fire him. Alaric was the same, his situation was indeed very scandalous but it wasn't exile worthy, not to mention his power was so good and he was indeed well-trained if unlikeable.

However, these traits that made him an asset also made him a problem for various factions in the coven. Alaric had grown up powerful, strict, and had literally no friends. He was like a conservative rule book who could literally ice you if you stepped out of line, with little to no exceptions. Many people didn't like that for various reasons. 

Jessica Fang's public outing of him gave a lot of vampires the opportunity to step on him and pour dirty water. Even if they were hypocrites who also had similar interests to Alaric, it was no skin off their back, at worst they will just lay low and hide it better until the negative bias against crossdressing dies down.

With such overwhelming public opinion, of course, measures must be done to appease them, besides the sad truth is that Alaric was not the only Rong of his generation and while they weren't as powerful as him, they had more flexible minds and better connections, therefore the loss was large but not large enough for the Rong's to do more than try beg for mercy. 

There are people out there who believe that making useless connections and many friends and acquaintances is a bit of a waste of time, but to be honest, Jia Hyson had always viewed it, while a pain, a necessary skill to survive society. The network you weave is not foolproof protection but it can help in resisting social accusations against your character, and occasionally an opportunity could be caught in that metaphorical web. If Alaric had more friends whose to say it would've been so easy to be overturned like this?

Anyway, Jia Hyson had only been masturbating.   

Sure it was embarrassing, and it was a particularly kinky and lewd session. But on the flip side, his cross-dressing hadn't been found out since the laptop faced away from the window. Therefore there was no way to blackmail him unless they took photographic evidence. And Jia Hyson was assured that hadn't happened as Bebe is more sensitive to detecting technology and would have at least noticed such a thing. 

Tsk-ing again, Jia Hyson closes the window and locks it. He considers closing the curtains but he figures, ah, the voyeur saw pretty much all of it anyway, what was the point? 

Thinking such a pervert might still be watching, Jia Hyson bites his lip flushing with shame and shivered with the pleasure of exhibitionism. 

Hiding his lecherous and excited expression, he off his shirt which has clung to his sweat-soaked skin uncomfortably, leaving himself completely naked and exposed in his room. Running his hands through his hair damp with sweat Jia Hyson made sure to curve his chest outwards, highlighting the lines of his body before bending down he picks up his underwear and pants. Then, facing the window, he leans forward on the desk where his computer was placed, and with one hand reaches behind him.

"Ah, ahmhn..." Pushing his fingers gently at the rim and spreading out his slightly puffy hole Jia Hyson groans as he pulls out the toy from inside him. 

It wasn't really that big, only about five inches. He wouldn't deny wanting to go bigger now that he was confident in his vampire healing abilities, but bigger ones required a lot more preparation time and he was unfortunately a busy little vampire... but he plans to get a size up before entering St Lailah's just in case.

Looking at the dripping phallic item, Jia Hyson has another idea. 'Hey Bebe, can you scan this?'

Bebe: '...'

Bebe: 'Doot, doot, doot, this user is not available please leave a message when you're not being disgusting.'

Jia Hyson rolls his eyes. And his system dared call him a drama queen. "I meant bacteria wise? Like can you scan it and assume the contamination rating is 100%?'

'...Bebe can, Bebe supposes.'

Jia Hyson waits for a moment before Bebe tells him it's been done with a disdainful voice. Unhesitatingly Jia Hyson brings the dildo close to him and kisses his wrist before swirling it and planting it on the toy at hand.

Freezing just the surface he uses his other hand, which had been previously holding the clothes to make a few small movements so the ice frost hardened completely before half melting into icy sludge which moved around the toy, with no curve untouched. Finally, Jia Hyson threw the sludge into a small pot plant on his desk and let the ice melt. 

'Check now,' Jia Hyson orders proudly. He knows that while bacteria and germs can mainly only be killed off by heat, freezing germs does slow and stop reproduction. So if he froze the external surface and then used his manipulation powers to move the inner layer of ice with the bacteria to the outermost layer wouldn't it be pretty clean?

Bebe also understood what he had done and it was fairly impressed- by the sheer laziness of its host and how far he was willing to go to not do extra washing. 

After scanning though, Bebe couldn't help but admit that the sex toy was pretty clean. 'It's still better to wash it but Bebe estimates it's at least 97% germ-free.'

'Hehe,' Jia Hyson felt like he was brimming with great ideas today. It was like he had been blessed by the horny god of this world.

Feeling proud of himself he grabs his clothes which he had dumped onto the desk and trotted over to his bathroom, completely ignoring the fact there might be a presence watching him. Egotistically Jia Hyson smiles and touches his lip thoughtfully when he kicks the bathroom door closed behind him.

Hmmm, he gave the other such an erotic show. Who knows, maybe they'll fall in love with him after this? Haha. 

...

Peering back through the window and seeing Alaric had indeed gone to the bathroom, Prince Silas who had been holding his breath finally exhaled and the feeling of warm water falls onto him, his once invisible appearance now visible to the eye. However, he no longer had the cool, lazy appearance of before and he was wide-eyed and flushed as his hand clutched at his chest where his heart was beating miles per minute.

He had just been a bit irritated, being constantly ditched by the other vampire who was usually quite clingy with him in favour of his computer. Feeling a little uncharacteristically motivated to do something playful to vent out the unhappy feeling, Silas had wanted to play a small prank. Just surprise Alaric a little.

But who knew he would see-

Face heating up, Prince Silas quickly fled the scene. 

...

..





The next day Jia Hyson went to the castle as usual in a good mood and bumped into Prince Kieran and Prince Damien. 

Casually but still politely Jia Hyson gave a small nod with a hand over his heart in greeting, "Good morning your highnesses."

Both princes who originally had stiff expressions relaxed. They were still not fully adjusted to Alaric's changes since they didn't associate much, but seeing the much low key greeting improved their original impressions. After all the original Alaric was very insistent on following the tradition of giving a proper 90-degree bow to them when they met, wherever they met, which was very embarrassing. 

What was more annoying was if Alaric felt the need to make conversation it was very boring topics that if they didn't have much opinion of, Alaric would then act pretentious and say how they simply must read the ancient vampire book of blah blah to better educate themselves. Honestly, Alaric's personality wasn't too bad per se if you were a noble vampire, but it was incredibly annoying nonetheless. And when you think the person is annoying you think everything they do is annoying. 

It was so bad that every time they saw Alaric they felt the need to tense up subconsciously, and ignore the feeling of irritation seeing his face. 

Jia Hyson didn't blame them, after all, he would and has disliked people for similar reasons. For example, when he was a student there was a fellow classmate who was incredibly sticky with him and often praised him. 

At first, it was okay, but the sense of ignoring Jia Hyson's personal boundaries with the excuses of being a friend, being showered with over-exaggerated praise after every little thing, telling other people about what he had done, was very uncomfortable. The classmate would also say things like, 'Oh I could never be as good as you!', 'You're so amazingggg!', 'We're besties right?' and even 'Ah friend X went to your house? How come I haven't come over?' This sort of pushy licking dog appearance directly disgusted the young Jia Hyson but at the time he didn't know what to do about it. 

Maybe if they were only acquaintances Jia Hyson could objectively praise the classmate, but with a bad impression, there is always a filter that makes one think negatively about the other. For example, it's normal to share an inside joke with friends and bring it up often, but if someone you dislike keeps bringing it up the joke is no longer so funny and you think that the person is beating a dead horse. Or if you show your bracelet off to a friend and they get a matching one it's a sign of closeness, but if someone you dislike looks at your bracelet and the next day they come and tell you they match with you, it becomes creepy, stalker-ish, and copying yourself. 

There was also the 'I am so lazy, I never study but I get nearly full marks each time and I want everyone to know how surprised I am,' classmate, the 'Have you heard about this movie? I totally recommend this movie and I will ask you if you have watched it yet for an entire month until I find something else that I want you to also enjoy with me,' and finally the 'I never pull my weight during group projects but I will also not acknowledge my lack of participation and act friendly to try to hide the fact I'm clearly not contributing shit.' Seriously. Just. Fuck those guys.

So Jia Hyson does understand why people didn't like Alaric. He was kind of a privileged, snobby, conservative, pretentious, stick in the mud fuckface. Honestly, if Jia Hyson met him, he might not even have the desire to fuck him. 

Bebe: 'Wow host, tell them what you really think.'

Jia Hyson: 'I said MIGHT not.' After all, his face and body were really good-looking ah.

Unfortunately, it was Alaric's ousted preference to go against gender norms that was the final straw and what was focused on in the plot. If it had been about his attitude, everything would have been fine. Because the most acceptable discrimination in his opinion is the discrimination against personality. 

In Jia Hyson's opinion, as long as Alaric's personality is not so exaggeratedly repulsive and he has gained a neutral or, best case scenario, good impression from others, the chances of a big backlash from his 'true perversion' will still be very likely if found out but it won't be as bad. People are crueler to the people they dislike, and more biased toward those that they like. At the very least it doesn't hurt to reform people's impression for the better for now. 

However, it's also a bit of a tightrope as Jia Hyson is also interested in minimising his involvement with the plot characters- specifically Damien. After all, in this teen romance book, the entire story was centred around Jessica Fang and Prince Damien Rose. Of course, the supporting characters were present too but their lines and screen time were significantly less.

If Jessica Fang's series was a play, the protagonists would have at least three booklets worth of script to memorise and the closest supporting characters would probably only get ten sheets of paper at best. Even Kieran who starred as the main antagonist in the first book was mainly written as the one manipulating behind the shadows and only got to receive the spotlight for a few scenes before receiving his lunchbox.

Thinking about that, Jia Hyson looks at the rather good looking Prince Kieran.

Prince Kieran: Eh? (,,,,) ? ? Suddenly big brother's annoying lackey is looking at him so tenderly?

Jia Hyson: Ah, it's such a pity such a good looking young man will be cast out in a few years. I should see if I can get a taste of him before he goes.   

Prince Damien: Feeling a bit left out... _(:< )_ 

In fact, if Prince Silas was lazy but effortlessly gorgeous with a scholarly air, then Prince Damien was the brooding handsome to the point of beautiful type that looked best staring out in the window while it rains. Prince Kieran on the other hand was just... handsome. Like there was nothing particularly outstanding but he was indeed handsome. But it was like a normal guy handsome. Like he was wow, but not WOAH.

Prince Kieran: I have the inexplicable urge to burst into tears. QwQ

It was a little tragic. The amount of thought put into Kieran was probably nil, with his basic brown hair, basic symmetrical face that had nothing to fault but nothing to praise other than being quite friendly looking- compared to Silas with his half-lidded eyes that produced a lazy yet provocative gaze, long lashes and long strikingly silver hair, and Damien who had pitch-black slightly wavy hair and a face that was solemn as a carved statue and just as flawless- it really made one question the authenticity of their blood ties. 

In fact, the only thing that connected all three of them was their pitch black eyes. 

Yes. All three had black eyes. 

In fact, black eyes were a sign of royalty for the Golden Rose Coven. Why wasn't it gold? Because the Golden Rose Coven wasn't named after the royal family's eyes like some sort of cliche. It was named the Golden Rose coven because of a love story about golden roses... Like a different sort of cliche. 

Jia Hyson wasn't that surprised honestly. In these sort of romantic fantasy stories, black eyes, grey eyes, silver, gold, purple- these were all unique but at the same time normal colours. Not to mention every time they drink blood their eyes all naturally turn red. These sort of magical eyes, really makes Jia Hyson want to gouge one out and study it ah- (,,,>  <,,) 

So in such a setting, Jia Hyson was too lazy to find the holders of the shards. Eye colour was the only indicator he knew and with that advantage gone, he couldn't do anything even if he actively tried. 

It is true one could argue that he has a one in three chance of getting it right if he targets the Golden Rose coven but you also have to consider the fact that over the generations there were many of the royal bloodlines that married out. It wasn't like in the novels where the 'same soul' is always close by, the identity was really random as the last world has so thoroughly shown. 

So in conclusion, if he likes, he will seduce, if it's a hassle then don't. There's no need to think much about it, as long as it doesn't affect the changes he wants to implement then it's fine. And even if it does affect them, he can always figure something out. 

Bebe: 'You are just the definition of steering the boat wherever the winds lead huh.'

Jia Hyson:   

He didn't have much to talk about with the two younger princes given they had an age difference and they were reluctant acquaintances (on the princes' part at least) at best. So after commenting on the weather and making a jab at an unlikeable teacher that they all share which brought a chuckle out of the pair of brothers, Jia Hyson bowed his head and bid farewell, reminding them with a gentle firmness not to be late and to study well. Even though this nagging was normal, with how casual and gently it was phrased it was no longer so irritating to the ear.

Trotting to class, Jia Hyson looked back and gave an awkward smile and a wave before facing forward, hiding the smug smirk from Kieran and Damien.

Heh, it's not too difficult. Just give it a little time and a few small opportunities and he can wash himself white easily. Jia Hyson was sure at this time they will take the opportunity to gossip about his changes. As long as he is on their minds, he wins this round.

Bebe: Tinyclappingcat.gif

Jia Hyson: 'I don't know how to interpret that... so I'm going to interpret it as support UwU.'

"Hey, brother, big brother's lackey seems much better now don't you think?"

"En," Damien agrees contemplatively, "As long as he continues improving maybe he will be seriously considered as a candidate for king's advisor." 

Originally Alaric was a candidate for the role, after all, he was a Rong, he was intelligent, lawful and held a powerful skill. Unfortunately, advisors needed compatibility with their rulers. All three of the princes found Alaric quite abhorrent to be around, with only Silas barely tolerating it out of sheer apathy and laziness. 

However, if Alaric becomes bearable and much more flexible in mind then he is indeed someone incredibly desirable as an ally. 

Thinking that far, Damien drops the thought in favour of his upcoming classes. He wasn't very interested in the throne after all, as long as Silas gets his act together then there was no question on who will lead the coven. Damien was happy with this hoping his elder brother can eventually ascend the throne so he could finally pursue a freedom unavailable to a prince such as he. 

Kieran hums noncommittally, in contrast, his black eyes flash in contemplation and calculation. 

...

Generally, classes were quite lax. Unlike humans who had to cram the summary of hundreds of years of knowledge into twelve years of schooling plus however many years of higher education into their heads before being sent off to the adult world- vampires, who were full of youth and longevity, had the privilege to just simply not worry about that. Like, any of that really. 

This was especially the case with noble vampire families who have made fortunes upon fortunes for centuries. Everyone was born into old money and their treasure rooms were filled with priceless antiques.

Of course, it wasn't like they weren't all fortunate. There were always stories of vampires who were lulled into the pit of gambling and ruined their entire fortune due to that. Or seduced by someone and lost it all. Or offended someone that they shouldn't. These things was something more fearful than vampire hunters really. Especially gambling. 

When you live for so long you become a little bored and emotionally dulled. Gambling was a monster that can open up your heart and fill it with greed and instant gratification. The mindset of a vampire is that they were rich and there was little to lose, and slowly but surely they will walk deeper and deeper into the bottomless swamp called addiction. 

Such a thing cannot be fought against with magic or logic and the longer you live the easier it is to ignore it, always deluding yourself into thinking you can make it back eventually. Many vampires over time noticed how troubling this tendency to gamble was with the rise of casino popularity. So to try to avoid such a pathetic outcome, they made sure to give a lot of anti-gambling propaganda, encouraging them to only bet with simple stakes and understand that there's a limit to what you can do lest you regret it. 

The morning class Jia Hyson was taking was a moral class focusing once again on anti-gambling which was a topic that generally comes up every few months. After that according to today's timetable he will go learn mathematics, chemistry, biology and finally have a break before undertaking classes in leadership, fighting, power training and business. 

It was quite interesting the way classes were formatted. This was because of how vampires age, both biologically and psychologically.

For pure vampires, their ages stagnate at puberty for a very long time with only some small fluctuations of physical growth. Maybe to balance out their long life cycle and natural fighting power, the world's consciousness had created vampires to take much longer to mature mentally than humans. 

Jia Hyson felt like this made sense. After all, would a self-respecting proper adult vampire of 1000 years old really be willing to dress up in a middle school or high school uniform for fun? 

Like damn are they shameless or are they perverts? 

Bebe: 'Aren't you a self respecting proper adult?'

Jia Hyson: 'That's different.'

Jia Hyson: 'I'm shameless AND a pervert.' (-)b

Bebe:   

Plus a lot of those elderly blood-sucking high-school cosplayers in television and stories weren't exactly the smartest or most restrained individuals ever. Jia Hyson didn't consume much vampire teen romance content in fairness, but when he did, he couldn't help but fall into contemplation and think- hey, you, did you eat all those years you lived through? Or did you sleep through them all? Why you so dumb? 

If they explained that vampires actually had longer puberty than other species and their maturity was generally very slow to develop, then that more or less explained everything all quite well.

Not to mention it's less pedophilic to think about when someone who's the same age as some heritage sites goes and fucks some horny sixteen-year old that's a slut for brooding white guys with fangs and, presumably, but not necessarily, in some sort of black leather. 

Therefore the importance of learning how to socially interact, how to make decisions, how to think critically and control emotions were more stressed upon in the first thirty years of their lives than advancing their knowledge further than the middle school level. 

That's right, Alaric may look like a cute teenager but he was actually nearly twenty-eight. Silas was the same, Damien was twenty-six, and Kieran, twenty-two.

And yeah, Jia Hyson thought it was weird too.

But then. 

He realised.

Between twenty-eight and one hundred and twenty-eight... the former is technically definitely better.

Though oddly enough it didn't feel better haha. Pukesblood.gif  

It took Jia Hyson a decent amount of time to mentally adjust to the worldview, but once he did he found it easy to let it go. In his opinion, he looked like a teenager, he supposedly had the mentality of a teenager, therefore, disregarding the objectivity that is the passage of time, he should be considered as a teenager. 

Of course, while his mental adjustments took a while, it was drastically much shorter than many others that had been in a similar situation. There were many hosts who couldn't stomach the idea at all and wouldn't touch or look at any human in a sexual light during their entire stay in the world they had transmigrated. 

Jia Hyson felt that this was a bit much ah. After all, as transmigrators, they were all eventually going to become thousand-year-old monsters. At this point what's a ten to ten thousand year age difference between lovers? Besides, the taboo of vampires and humans was really too appealing to pass up ah- 

Anyway, the main point was this difference in maturation and physical growth between vampires and humans is why St Lailah's Academy was such an important institution. 

St Lailah's Academy allowed vampires to not only learn to socialise in a new environment with humans, and generate ties to the powerful ones but also to actually experience a higher education they weren't getting in the castle's learning environment. After all, most of the vampires had no true passion in actually working as a full-time teachers, so most of the content was taught more casually. 

It was okay for strengthening character and teaching simpler knowledge but it really was better to be exposed to teachers with an actual passion for teaching. The only exception was if a vampire takes an interest in a 'budding talent' and was willing to teach the young one full time. However, that's usually for those artistic types, where it was easier to express their potential talents. For the science inclined vampires... they had to wait until they went to a real school to show off. Or just continue to float through life.

Either way, vampires under six hundred must undergo this high school experience every thirty years or so as it will help allow everyone to become more in touch with the era. After the first time at St Lailah's Academy, they had the option to go back the next time or try a more 'public' school that was still under the control of vampires. Of course, grades will become less and less important over time, with the main thing being to re-associate and identify with the culture and times. 

But vampires are still expected to produce at least a passing mark. It was just a pride thing. You didn't want to be the four-hundred and twenty-year-old high school dropout after all. 

After going through St Lailah's, if anyone wanted to go further in educating themselves then at least everyone could be confident the young vampires could enter a human university with minimal worries. Honestly, it was quite flexible. Maybe after the first time, you finish St Lailah's education you want to pursue a degree in architecture, then as long as you had a passing evaluation toward socialising with humans, did not harrass, stalk, assault or reveal your identity status, you were free to go somewhere to pursue the dream- and be inevitably crushed by the reality of doing architecture as a career.

Getting to class, Jia Hyson saw that Prince Silas as usual was slumped over the desk, arms crossed to block out the light as his head rests in the gap to produce the best nap environment possible. 

"Prince Silas," Jia Hyson greets with a smile and a respectful nod as he took the initiative to sit next to the other. As someone he was more familiar with it made sense not to be as formal. Besides, Silas was so lazy, and Jia Hyson was also lazy, there was no need to do extra if neither party cared. 

Prince Silas stiffens in place before relaxing and muttering a muffled greeting. He made no move to sit up and look at him, as if fully invested in napping throughout the entire class.

Jia Hyson didn't think much of it and was even quite jealous of the other. While he usually gives a lot of his knowledge back to his teachers the moment he graduates, he still knows the main points. 

Not to mention, education only got stricter with higher and higher standards over time, this period was similar to the early 2000s so the demand was not too big, similar to his original world. Also, it was undeniable the American education system was far less competitive than the one in China where many students cried tears of blood before exams. Therefore this basic middle school education was really too dull for Jia Hyson. 

However, his character was an uptight stickler for the rules and respected authority greatly. Obviously, that meant Alaric was a top student who was attentive and enthusiastic about learning to better himself. If he was a teacher's pet he must be the type of pet to win competitions. 

Jia Hyson sighs. Ah, it was really dislikable. 

Because of this bullshit character setting, he had to use his old tricks from his student days. Staring at the teacher while dazing off, but still having the self-awareness to nod every once in a while with an expression of understanding, making eye contact with the teacher but not too much eye contact, and occasionally furrowing his brow in confusion, an expression of struggling to comprehend before 'writing notes'. As long as he does this correctly, he would rarely be called upon and would have the aura of someone who loves to learn.

'You need to adjust the pectoral muscles they're too square-like and unnatural.' Bebe idly comments as it watches it's host doodling on the edges on the paper of the notebook. As an experienced system, it understood many hosts will experience the same boredom when returning to school. Granted if they had transmigrated to a high-school level education or somewhere like Korea, they couldn't afford such a tepid attitude toward studying but, for most of the ones who had to enter middle school level or below they were usually quite bored.

Not to mention this was a world of romance and adventure, who doesn't know in this sort of world, school could be passed with just a studying montage in order to let the protagonists immersed in love and mystery pass successfully! 

In places with such stories, the world's consciousness set their education requirements lower to help facilitate the plots. Of course, this is problematic if implemented on a global scale so generally they only do it to a few countries while the rest will have normal standards or even higher than average standards of education. 

Therefore, Bebe was not too invested in encouraging Jia Hyson to study hard at this point in time and even taught him a few games it usually plays with his old hosts. For example, the 'blind' drawing game where Bebe says a word they had to draw and then takes away their vision temporarily so they must draw it completely blind. Or Bebe could temporarily take over the host body's hand for a few seconds to scribble something and the other could then create something out of it, or maybe make the hand heavy so it becomes harder to draw. 

Either way with another person in your head, it provided much more entertainment to pass the time, and Bebe was also good at keeping watch and reminding Jia Hyson if the teacher was talking about some vital points he should actually note down. If he missed it, then Bebe simply relayed it to him, even adding the definitions of certain terms if sensing his confusion. 

Other than actually having to spend the effort pretending to be a good student, it was actually pretty good. Jia Hyson was a little emotional. Ah, what he would have killed for to have a Bebe in his original school days. 

As he continues being a good student on the surface, while playing around, Prince Silas who was self-consciously hiding his face suddenly felt very lonely. 

Hey, hey, shouldn't Alaric talk to him by now? Didn't he use to love to be naggy and forcefully make him wake up and pay attention to class?

Recently he's been doing less and less but at least he will always try to motivate me during the first lesson right?

Prince Silas awkwardly shifts his position and turns his head, peeking at the Jia Hyson before turning away, pretending to still be sleeping. Looking at him again, he was reminded of the explicit scene from before and his ears and face inexplicably became a little hot. 

Ah, for the first time... it seems he will have trouble sleeping through class. 

After the first class ended, Jia Hyson was ready to remind Silas to wake up only to find, to his surprise, the other had already sat up, eyes bright and awake, not like he had just woken up at all. "Prince Silas? You..." This guy who loves to sleep actually was so awake during the first class? 

Jia Hyson was a skilled writer and an even lazier human being. But even he couldn't comprehend the laziness of Prince Silas. He's been in this world neither for a short or long time, but he swears that the number of times Prince Silas was fully awake before eleven in the morning was less than the number of fingers he had on his hands. 

Seeing the shock, and distrust of his most loyal subject, Prince Silas felt unhappy and subconsciously defended himself. "It is too boring to sleep the entire time. I figured it may be interesting to do a little foundational work so I don't have to do so much later on."

"...Really?"

Prince Silas gave Jia Hyson a lazy look, raising his eyebrow questioningly, "Didn't you say those words to me? So surprising I decided to listen?"

Jia Hyson: 'Well. To be perfectly honest, yes.' This guy was so lazy it was no wonder there were so many people who didn't want him to be a candidate to take over the coven. 

Bebe: 'Bebe also votes yes too.' This guy was so lazy you could drug a sloth and the animal would probably still be more active and motivated than this vampire. 

Prince Silas: Suddenly feeling so angry. 

Disliking the doubtfulness so obviously shown on Alaric's attractive face, the crown prince of the Golden Rose coven childishly and impulsively grabbed the other person's notebook. Usually, he was too lazy to showcase the usual immaturity of vampires his age but this time he was directly stimulated and did not take the time to think of finding an alternative way to impress Alaric. "Hmph, you give me your notes, I'll show you how good I can be."

Even if Prince Silas wasn't energetic, he still had the prestigious blood of royalty in his veins and his speed was not Jia Hyson's match. Jia Hyson couldn't even react when the notebook was already snatched. By the time he did, it was too late and recalling the 'colourful' notes he had been taking since he got here, he immediately blushed and panicked.

"Your highness, please give that back!"

Of course, how could he? Blocking the rather weak attempts in grabbing the book back with one hand, Prince Silas used his dexterous fingers of his other hand to adjust the book so he can clearly take in the notes for today's classes and prove his potential to be a good student. 

Wouldn't it be very cool to Alaric, this top student, if with just a glance, Prince Silas could recite the entire page? He was a little interested in seeing the expression, though Alaric's current embarrassed one was also good-looking.

However, when he actually saw the notes, it turned out he was the one who was shocked.

It's not that no notes were taken. In fact, the main key points of the lesson were noted down in simple dot points. But other than a few lines of neat writing, the rest of the page was covered in doodling and word games. There were a few somewhat serious small sketches of a man's chest, some monsters, a little fairy in the corner, round cute looking animals, some very strange squiggles that somewhat looked like a bumblebee...

Both Jia Hyson and Bebe cursed in their heart and felt really bad as they waited for the other's reaction. 

Jia Hyson: Fuck, it's over, the character collapsed. 

Bebe: Bebe is sorry, Bebe will never underestimate drugged sloths again. ( ^ )

Unwilling to collapse without doing something, Jia Hyson took advantage of Prince Silas' sluggishness as he stares at the messy notes, and seizes his notebook with a flushed face. 

Prince Silas, seeing the other's embarrassment, couldn't resist chuckling. His black eyes twinkled in faint teasing. Because of his lethargic character, Silas didn't actually talk a lot as he felt it was a bit of a pain. But sometimes silence was more painful than words.

Annoyed and flustered, Jia Hyson lightly hits Silas' shoulder with playful irritation, "You-! As the crown prince, you shouldn't be doing something as vulgar as stealing you know!" He complains.

"As a potential royal advisor, you shouldn't be slacking on your studies either." Silas points out mildly.

Jia Hyson tsks, crossing his arms defensively and speaking more casually now that he sees Silas was willing to banter with him, "It's only morality class, besides aren't you just the pot calling the kettle black?" Continuing to pretend to be embarrassed, Jia Hyson gathers up his things to leave. "Come on, we're going to be late for the next class now ah." 

Silas reluctantly follows obediently, unwilling to stop their current conversation. Still, as they walk quietly to class, he couldn't refuse the urge to glance at Alaric a few times, once again amazed at how much the other had changed. No, maybe it was more like, how different Alaric was once he finally relaxed and let down his walls a little. 

Looking at the beautiful profile of Alaric, his delicate features, those bright blue eyes, and naturally long dark lashes, Silas smiles faintly. 

It turns out that Alaric likes to pretend to be a good child. 

It turns out that he also gets bored in class and draws all over his books.

It turns out this good child is secretly a little devil who is quite a pervert too. 

It turns out he was not annoying at all, but actually, if you look closer he was actually... really cute ah. 

Before he was unwilling and too lazy to see past the surface of the vampire. But now that Alaric had smoothed out a lot of his rigid thorny personality and was willingly showing him just a little of his true self, Silas found that he was a little addicted to finding out more and more. 

Silas felt like sleeping was still his favourite thing to do. But maybe he should spare a bit more time to reacquaint himself with his cute companion from now on. 

...

...

...






The rest of morning classes were fine as they covered similar things to what a normal school should. Jia Hyson and Prince Silas warmed up a little bit more to each other but generally took a tacit silence. After all, one was a bit too lazy to talk and the other was supposed to be a good student who pays attention to class. If there was a difference, it wasn't noticeable to the passerby's eyes.

But, if one continues watching, they will occasionally see Prince Silas raise his head and write something onto Alaric's notebook, while Alaric will pause his actions and quietly chuckle under his breath as he continues to move his pencil in response. The silver-haired prince will huff as he peeks at what the other was doing, and will reach over to write something once more.

Their silent communication was a little warm, and slowly the page was filled with various scribbles, doodles, word games, and small conversations, giving the once neat page a cluttered but funny appearance. 

Jia Hyson and Silas enjoyed the interaction happily, satisfied with such a simple yet limitless source of fun. Once the morning classes ended, it was only these two who were disappointed as the other vampires rushed to leave.

In fairness, after the initial disappointment, Jia Hyson was also quite happy. After all, the morning classes were 'normal' and quite dull with their basic content. 

What interested everyone the most was really the afternoon classes as it was either about socialising (playing around), practising powers (playing around) and leadership teamwork-based activity classes (playing around but in groups). 

There was also quite a bit of physical fitness involved which causes a split between the athletic vampires, and the artistic and intellectual types, however as vampires, everyone's physical abilities were naturally high and as long as you do the minimum required amount you can laze around the rest of class doing whatever, which everyone found acceptable.

Jia Hyson also wanted to do his best (at playing around) but unfortunately, he still had to keep up a somewhat strict personality. Even if he softened the edges, there was no way to completely change the core so fast, not to mention the stimulation that caused the change was not drastic enough to logically result in an extreme change. Therefore while he was milder, it was not enough to encourage others who had been 'scarred' by Alaric's original personality to come up to him.

Under his interpretation of the character, his personality was still making a transition that can't be rushed. Alaric now is more understanding about humans and has adopted a more open-minded and positive mindset after finally being able to indulge in cross-dressing which had been both something he really liked to do but also extremely hated and despised himself liking. 

Yet he has been friendless and full of superiority for such a long time. Prince Silas and the other princes were his superior, it is okay for him to be the one to place himself in a humbler position to approach him. But others? Obviously, it was not the same.

It was like going back to reunite old friends after spending years away. Maybe you changed your personality when you left them, but when you return you'll naturally seem to return to familiar and almost long-forgotten speech patterns and habits. It is harder to change who you are under the eyes of people you've known your whole life compared to complete strangers who know nearly nothing about you.

Alaric may not be the most emotionally intelligent vampire, but he recognised that he didn't exactly treat other vampires around his age group as equals and looked down on them greatly. Even if he wanted to, his high pride couldn't take the shame of bowing his head right now. Not to mention, it's been over twenty years, everyone has refined their cliques and friendships have long solidified, it was a little difficult to enter now, especially with a pre-established bad reputation.

Jia Hyson frowns, slightly impatient at the slow changes despite comforting himself over the logistics of his choice. Still, the mind and the heart are annoyingly fickle partners that are often not on the same side. 

Mentally he knows his character design is solid but emotionally he doesn't like how he could easily make friends but couldn't because of his pre-set design. Jia Hyson isn't shy to admit he has introverted tendencies and is very happy being alone, but he also wants to be alone, simply because he desires to, not because others don't like him and won't associate with him. 

To be honest, even though he altered the character a little bit it was still quite stifling. He could only respect the other hosts who had to take on personalities so different to their own ah. It wasn't even like being Alaric was extremely difficult. There were no close friends or family who would be suspicious of behavioural changes, and there were many points of the character that Jia Hyson also had to some extent.

Jia Hyson used to be a bit like this when he was a child. Obviously not so extreme but he was a good child who followed the rules when he was small, and he had a tendency to mother others who he liked in a, in retrospect, faintly condescending manner. And of course, like a lot of things from childhood, some of these tendencies stayed with him to a certain extent, which is probably why a lot of the outward personas he favoured were the gentle and responsible types, and his skin was so thin in public.

Jia Hyson used to be quite picky with systems in system novels, especially when they were so talkative. But as a host, Jia Hyson felt like it was probably better to have a system with personality. After all, other than Bebe, there is probably no one else he could be more himself to. Without that anchor, Jia Hyson couldn't fully imagine the long term effects on one's mentality in a job with ever-changing environments and identities.

So Jia Hyson swallowed the discomfort of being so obviously isolated by these vampire classmates of his and continued to focus on maintaining the growing friendship with Silas instead. 

'Prince Silas also has little friends, it is not bad to befriend him for more than the benefits of his protection.' Jia Hyson reassures himself. Even if he has Bebe he still wants to have a friend to alleviate any loneliness whenever he feels it, similar to how you always want to have ice cream in your freezer should you feel the urge to eat it. 

He doesn't mind Prince Silas really but from his superficial understanding given the plot, the man was a really useful plot device but just, like, the shittiest friend and brother. Because of how lazy he is, not to mention inevitably a little spoiled given his status. Silas was the type of person that either arrives twenty minutes late for something unapologetically or just cancels at the literal last minute. 

Silas' laziness was his biggest flaw as a character that directly dragged down his OP-ness. He was smarter, more powerful, and stronger than the protagonists, therefore how can he live well? Fortunately, he must be the Author God's favourite, so for him to live he was given the enthusiasm of a sloth. 

Oh, he always thought Prince Kieran was suspicious and should've been taught better? He'll only mention it briefly and apologise to Prince Damien before doing the bare minimum so it can only be officially revealed in the middle of the story. 

There is an artefact that can make people tell the truth that all people with high levels of authority know and can learn as long as you have access to the restricted area of the palace library? Prince Silas must have thought of it, but couldn't be bothered or pushed it back till he forgot about talking about it, allowing Damien and his friends to do most of the detective work and get the Pearl of Past Truths Artefact.

Prince Silas could have easily assigned guards to protect his innocent younger brother and also try to prove his innocence? He considered it but decided to have a nap first which lasted three months and by then he forgot. 

In short, this was a young man who was made to have a personality that will literally only appear and do things when the author god has written their protagonists into a corner. Meaning, he will only help when there's no other way.

It's a nice safety net for sure, but it was a really boring friendship unless you managed to somehow stimulate his emotions. Jia Hyson knew he had his interest currently but this was simply the getting to know you phase. Afterwards will be the 'honeymoon period' and inevitably once that passes it will only be then that Jia Hyson would see if he managed to forge something valuable or the heat that's cooled down reveals nothing but a waste of time. 

If he was going to be brutally honest, Silas' best traits to him so far, was his usefulness as a friend and his very attractive face. It's not enough to maintain his enthusiasm and perseverance in cultivating a friendship in the long term given his fickle nature.

Friendship is always a give and take relationship, Jia Hyson is old enough and has lived long enough to make many different friends, and while he doesn't mind giving, in fact he enjoys it a lot as it satisfies his need for control, superiority and a strange sort of mothering mentality. But he is too lazy to maintain a friend who will always take and never give back. It's too exhausting and frankly, his self-esteem is higher than that. 

"Class!" A slightly frustrated voice calls out, "You fucking- class! Come over here and get your assignments! They'll be due in two weeks. If you need extra time I'll give you an extra week- no, wait I have a date around then- two extra weeks!" An annoyed but handsome vampire who looked like he was in his mid-twenties, smoking two cigarettes simultaneously with one hand and furiously texting in the other, tilted his head to a massive pile of paper stacks and art supplies floating next to him. 

This was Mr Garth who had a particularly powerful albeit plain telekinesis ability, but apparently the side effects were headaches so he was constantly angry unless he was sleeping with someone. However he was smart, had the most free time and his assignment due dates were so casual there was once where the deadline was extended by a year. So, nobody except maybe Mr Garth himself, particularly wanted him gone despite his temper. 

While he continued to text Mr Garth adds on with spiteful glee, "And don't think any of you can slack off this time! Miss Reina cursed these papers so we'll fucking know who was doing what ah!"

The entire class groans in unison. Miss Reina was a very nice teacher but her power What Did You Do? was a form of psychometry where she could curse objects and as long as she can find them again she can 'read' all that has happened with the object since she had cursed it.

Essentially, as long as they were forced to accept these papers, they couldn't afford not to pull their weight. Fortunately Miss Reina had a possessive husband so usually she didn't do these sorts of 'favours'. They really didn't know how this chain-smoking bad-tempered fuckboy teacher managed to do it. Most of the little vampires cursed in their hearts as they reluctantly took a stack of paper. 

Each stack of paper had a small coloured sticky note on top. The students weren't surprised by this, touching it decisively and muttering their names, the moment they touched it and spoke, their names were immediately written onto the sticky sheet. Anyone who had the same coloured sticky note would also be revealed once they had also put their name down. 

These sticky notes was planted with the power of a vampire who made a fortune selling it to other vampire communities and it was a common way to assign groups among other things. As long as you touch it and speak, the words you speak will be written on the 'cursed' stationary and anyone with that holds something that was once part of the original cursed item will also see the words as well. Hence why it was so good to use for notepads and sticky notes. 

Jia Hyson and Silas both had stacks of paper with a classic yellow sticky note. There were three other members in their group it seems, with pretty standard vampire names that looked like they came fresh off a vampire name generator site. 

While there were quite a few vampires in the class, at least forty, Prince Silas and Alaric Rong were well known and eye-catching, so quickly the group mates Dante Serrano, Abel Night, and Darius Krauss came to them. Jia Hyson wasn't surprised that they had an all male group. In fact among the class there was only eleven female vampires.

Maybe because this was a female lead teen novel, there just seemed like an unexplainably high percentage of men among the vampires. To be honest, it was a big concern for the native vampires of this world for many reasons so there's a lot of research dedicated to trying to bring up the female ratio. However Scum Hyson didn't really care, everyone was generally super attractive regardless of gender.

Jia Hyson: 'God, they look like they came straight out of a punk boy bands.'

Bebe: 'Well, Bebe sees it.' 

One of them was wearing a black short-sleeve shirt with a red tie with a look similar to a certain outfit belonging to a certain member of Green Day. Another one had adopted a 2000s emo hipster vibe with bulky black glasses frames, a black fedora covered in white bat designs and a shawl-like scarf wrapped around his neck artfully with the inverse design of his fedora. The third one was more exaggerated, having half his face covered in hair that had the tips dipped in green hair dye, eyeliner, a three quarter sleeve leather jacket with spikes, fingerless leather gloves, ripped jeans and so on. 

All three screamed teenage rebellion. But their face values were all very high, their height was quite tall, skin was perfectly smooth and their bodies were far more sculpted than any normal teenagers. Even the thinnest one had some muscle definition that suited his body well. So even if they screamed teenage rebellion, Jia Hyson was sure that there were many girls who would scream teenage rebellion with them. 

Jia Hyson: 'Agh, what I would give to get their backstage pass if you know what I mean-'   

Bebe: 'Please desist the horny during class hours.' _ 'You are staining the spirit of education.'

"Ah?!" At this time Mr Garth happily swore as he threw down the two cigarettes from his mouth, stepping and grinding them into the ground while he lifted his phone to his ear. "Hey- baby- You really got four of your good sisters to agree to come tomorrow night? Ah, I knew you treated me well- don't worry I will show you all a very good time, my brother owns the YY hotel." Unlike the angry shouting from before, Mr Garth had become completely seductive and sultry, the voice hoarse from constant smoking was raspy and sexy when he murmured sweet words, "You say this fourth friend of yours is only just a model, not a supermodel? Don't worry, don't worry, any friend of yours is a friend of mine, I will pamper her equally well both during the day and night."

Bebe: '...' Bebe has eaten Bebe's words. This place has no educational spirit at all.

Jia Hyson: '...' Aaahhh I'm so jealous! Why couldn't I have transmigrated directly into a bad tempered playboy bastard instead of a bad tempered good child?! 

Three, no including the girlfriend, it's four supermodels plus a regular model- fuck, it's unscientific! 

Thinking about in the third world where a certain Samotrelian ex-boyfriend of his lived with six handsome masters, and Jia Hyson wanted to mentally collapse and scold the heavens! He's so angry! His sexual abilities is clearly a hard-earned gift from god but it's being wasted thanks to the fickle hands of fate!

Bebe: ...

No, what sexual abilities are a gift from god?! Have you also been infected by second grade syndrome?? More importantly, with your karma, the fickle hands of fate should have strangled you!!!

Jia Hyson could not hear Bebe who was furiously dissing him in it's little system heart, instead he pushes his grievances aside to look at the assignment.

The first page on the stack of paper messily and carelessly had a few sentences scribbled on, and was clearly not very well photocopied either.

'Plan and draw a comic with your group. It must not be shit. At least 20 pages. Will accept 12 pages if you meet the original deadline. Yes you have to colour it in- Mr Garth.' 

Heh. Very good. As expected of this casual education system. 

One of the three vampires, Dante, groans at the assignment. "Garbage teacher, this isn't art class." He scolds. "And what is this 'don't be shit' comment. You're shit! Your entire family is shit!"

Darius glances at the angry vampire and points out, "Isn't Mr Garth your direct cousin or something?" 

Dante: '...'

"He's not my direct cousin," Dante protests.

"I thought he slept with your aunt. That's pretty direct to me ah." Abel mentions as he idly weighs the paper stack with a hand. 

"Actually didn't he date your mum as well for a while?" Darius asks half-curious.

Dante flushes and snarls, "You are so annoying! Can you just get off my back for a minute dammit!"

Abel snickers, "That's what Mr Garth said to your mother last night."

Darius, knowingly: "Oh-"

Jia Hyson, who couldn't help but also want to join in after listening: "Oh-"

Prince Silas, who was too lazy to listen in but wanted to copy Alaric: "Oh-"

Dante: '...' 

Dante who had been ready to verbally abuse his good buddies immediately felt suffocated when these barely considered acquaintances of much higher standing also joined in. 

Also, did these two big guys eat the wrong medicine today?? Usually they were aloof and distant, albeit Alaric was a bit warmer these days. Why did they wake up today and decided to tease him like this ah?!

Abel and Darius were also surprised the pair joined in with their friendly ridicule and jeering. Abel even touched his chin and wondered if he had the potential to become a comedian to even make the strict ice flower Alaric and the apathetic sleepy prince Silas also surrender to the urge to join the fun. 

Jia Hyson decided to hit while the iron was hot and gave the group of vampires a smile and a polite greeting that was neither humble nor overbearing. "By the way," He adds, smile growing slightly, "Mr Garth really does look a bit like you, Dante, ah."

"Damn, I always suspected it," Abel clapped as if in sudden understanding, wasting no time in kicking his friend when he was down. 

"En, the nose is similar." Darius nods wisely, peering at Dante's face like it was a specimen to carefully observe.

Jia Hyson smiles gently, "They share the same disinterest in deadlines." As Alaric, he paid a lot of attention to his classmate's work ability. 

"Both their skins are so pale too," Abel touches his cheek and ignores the fact everyone's skin is just as pale and white. 

Prince Silas glances at Dante, trying to think of his impression of him and any common traits with Mr Garth before succinctly saying: "Bad temper."

Dante: ...

Unable to hold back anymore Dante explodes, "You bastards! My mum only slept with the fuck once!"

Abel: "Oh-"

Darius: "Oh-"

Jia Hyson: "Oh-"

Prince Silas: "Oh-"

Dante: "FUCK YOU GUYS."  

Everyone laughs, even Silas couldn't stop a snort of amusement at the dramatics.

Sometimes friendship can form inexplicably. The best way is not necessarily through sharing common interests but instead through a common hatred, complaint or joke. 

After a few more sentences playfully ragging on Dante, Jia Hyson easily calms them down tactfully by mentioning how they needed to take the rest of the time to discuss what to do about this assignment. This didn't surprise the other vampires, in fact, they were pleasantly surprised that Alaric took this long to mention it.

Sitting in a circle they all stare at the stacks of paper in silence. To be honest drawing a comic meant you needed at least an idea, a writer, an artist. Unfortunately, Mr Garth gave them no direction to start and while Dante, Darius and Abel were close to each other, they weren't close at all to Alaric and Silas even if they warmed up to them a bit.

Prince Silas was known as the bastard of group work who barely contributed to anything and mainly slept through the entire thing, and even if many people wanted to yell at him, as the crown prince they didn't dare. Alaric was the opposite end of the spectrum, he was the dictator of group work that was not only a control freak but demanded everyone pull their weight and didn't hesitate to scold and tear the faces of people who didn't, including Prince Silas albeit much more respectfully.

However even though it was unpleasant to work with Alaric, it was true the work they handled in almost guaranteed a good grade and it was better than dead weight. 

Thinking that, all three little noble vampires looked at Alaric expectedly. 

Jia Hyson understood their thoughts and sighs inwardly. However he had to admit, he was very similar to Alaric in this aspect by a lot of points. After all, once he chooses to shoulder the responsibility of leading a group he does his best to make sure everyone does their part and will constantly check on them and edit if he deems fit. 

Honestly, Jia Hyson was, undoubtedly, a really awful person. Despicable, morally a very dark grey, hypocritical, with a mix of violent sociopathic and psychotic tendencies on top of being manipulative and a scumbag. But he was probably also the best person to be in a group project with. 

In this sort of 'we all live or die together' situation, Jia Hyson refuses to be dragged down or be someone who drags others down. He won't slack off, he will do his best to finish his part, help the people behind or struggling, and take over the leadership role if necessary. Of course, he may secretly murder the slackers in that group project afterwards, but hey, his PowerPoint skills are amazing and he's willing to do the public speaking parts. 

Looking at the group he pulls off the sticky note and begins to write down a list to put ideas into as well as everyone's names. "If anyone has good ideas throw them out whenever but for now it's good to assign some roles first. Is there anyone good at art or particularly likes comics?"

Dante: "I like superhero comics, I can't draw but I can do the bubble fonts and stuff."

Jia Hyson: That's okay.

Darius: "I like comedic comic strips. I can also do fonts. Oh, I can draw flowers okay I guess."

Jia Hyson: Well we can do something with flowers, its not too bad..

Abel: "I can colour."

Jia Hyson: ...Everyone can colour!

Silas: "No."

Jia Hyson: Fuckin-  

After answering, they all look at Jia Hyson with bright eyes. Jia Hyson's mouth twitches as he writes down a few words by each person's name. "This... does anyone at least have any ideas?"

Everyone shook their heads.

Jia Hyson: "..." I suddenly vividly remember the mental pain of my childhood.

Trying not to use his vampiric strength to crack the pencil in his hand while he silently emphasises with Alaric, he quickly thinks up a few ideas with the limited skillsets they had. 

Of course, he was sorely tempted to take over the whole project himself but the problem was the afternoon classes emphasised things vampires were concerned about nurturing in the immature younger generation such as socialising, teamwork and EQ development. If he acted like a dictator like Alaric, while the grade looks good, the personal mark is bad.

"For a story, we should do something that doesn't involve a lot of drawing ability." Jia Hyson clearly states, "Minimal action scenes and all that."

The other members were a little unhappy, after all they felt having fight scenes in their comic would be very cool. However once Jia Hyson's gentle expression began to turn icy, they immediately quelled their dissatisfaction. 

Dante who had a bit more of an impression of Alaric found his own silence confusing. Since he was a rather raucous student that had often gotten scolded, he was not as intimidated by Alaric and had often argued back rebelliously. Now that Alaric seems kinder it should be that he should be easier to be defiant against but... ah maybe it's the contrast but he seems a little scary now.   

If he could describe it, it was like the difference between the level of a school bully and someone from the mafia. 

Prince Silas raises his brow but doesn't say anything. In his opinion, it was a bit strange but not enough to put much brain power into. After all, he was quite satisfied with this new Alaric, he had no interest in putting unnecessary energy into something he can't nor wants to change. 

Sensing they were reaching a stalemate Jia Hyson sighs, choosing to compromise after a deep breath to calm himself. Because he has Alaric's body, some of the things he likes and dislikes will be emotionally echoed onto him, and Jia Hyson wasn't sure if it was his own distaste for incompetent people or Alaric's distaste, but his temper felt a bit shorter than usual. "It's not off the table to do something with fighting of course, but you have to consider the person who will be mainly drawing. Besides if it's too ugly who knows how Mr Garth will react."

Dante, Darius and Abel glance at each other and nod with varying levels of understanding. They didn't really think of how hard it would be for the person drawing the scenes, and they still didn't emphasise much, however, they perfectly understood the problem of Mr Garth's reaction. Despite being in their late twenties they were like children who didn't truly understand the long-reaching problems but understood the short and easy to comprehend explanation of 'you'll be in trouble.'

Suddenly Silas speaks up. "Alaric can do the sketches."

Everyone turns to him.

Silas was too lazy to look at the three other vampires and preferred to look at Jia Hyson instead, flashing a faint fleeting smile, with teasing in his eyes, "After all, you seem quite talented in drawing."

Fuck, you dare bring this up in front of others?! 

With a contemptuous glare, Jia Hyson sneers and lightly hits the other's shoulder. Because of the difference in status and Alaric's natural respect for the hierarchy, Jia Hyson didn't dare to act too friendly so fast and give the prince a pinch or a slap upside the head and still held a distance. However, it was clear while there was still distance it was much shorter. 

The other members glance at each other in surprise. When did the pair's relationship get so good? 

Silas seemed a little delighted by this interaction and his teasing expression became more pronounced. 

Jia Hyson glares at Silas' cheeky appearance, slightly annoyed but mostly amused and a bit shy. Jia Hyson was used to Silas' dull faced appearance, seeing the crown prince tease and smirk at him was really dangerous. Aiyah, as expected of a vampire prince, his appearance value was so high, it washed all his negative emotions away. 

"Tsk," He disdainfully fiddles with his pencil, "I'm not that good but at least it's better than you who sleeps all the time." Jia Hyson teases, relaxing as he begins to sketch a few things. His own skill level could barely be considered amazing but it was good enough for kids to be impressed. Thinking about Alaric's likes and dislikes, Jia Hyson draws a few chubby animals and some quick chibi-style people.

Group members: Oh, unexpectedly his style is so cute.

"Compared to your ugly scribbles, I suppose for the sake of our grades I'll do this part." Jia Hyson sighs, in a very tsundere manner. 

The members of the group look at Silas with a melon eaters mindset, curious to see how the Buddhist crown prince will react to being so directly insulted. 

Prince Silas was too lazy to talk to these unimportant melon eaters and merely picks up a pencil. Glancing at Jia Hyson's chibis and chubby animals he tries to silently replicate the simplest bunny rabbit.

Group members: Oh, unexpectedly his style is so ugly.

it seems even the peerless genius who could do everything despite always sleeping was untalented in something. Somehow it was very comforting ah.

Jia Hyson, unable to bear the really ugly looking rabbit, flicks the other's fingers lightly, "You- let's just first think of a story. We only have so much paper and time, after all, don't waste it. As a prince, you should at least learn to be more eloquent anyway."

"We're supposed to be making a comic." Silas points out mildly, the unspoken, 'what eloquence can even be learned from this?' obvious in his tone. 

Group members, nodding: He has a point.

"Yes," Jia Hyson says dryly, "And I truly, sincerely hope all of you can manage to reach the eloquence of at least good comic book by the time the assignment ends." The implication being even a comic book was more eloquent than these four seemed to slap their faces so hard their cheeks became a bit warm. 

Prince Silas: '...' Friend, you've changed.

Dante, Darius and Abel: '...' It turns out Alaric evolved from a fire-breathing dragon to a poisonous one.

Seeing the four equally speechless faces, Jia Hyson smiles. Even though he didn't really consider them very seriously, they were all quite cute to bully so he supposes it's not too bad to become friends. He wasn't at a place where he could be picky anyway ah.

As for Prince Silas... well, it seems there is some potential compatibility as a friend there. 

"Ah, Rong, come here," Just as Jia Hyson was about to go back to the topic at hand, Mr Garth had come over, eyes still glued to his phone that he was texting into with a new cigarette in his mouth. "I just heard that your application for longer patrol times has been temporarily accepted, you can pack up now and be dropped off tonight since something happened with one of the vampires who planned to leave." 

Jia Hyson's eyes light up as he gets up to follow the teacher happily. However, before he left he recalled this assignment and hesitated before turning around. "As you heard I'm being called to patrol, I'll be gone for a week but as long as you guys plan the story and generally what you want storyboard wise, then when I come back we can work out the feasibility and I'll draw it. Then you guys can help colour it in and do some finishing touches." Jia Hyson turns to Silas, "Silas, you be team leader okay? As crown prince, I believe it's only fitting."

Prince Silas frowns. Before he didn't really care much for the assignment and only felt that it might be a little fun but suddenly he felt a little irritated, "It's better if you're here." He honestly objects before sneering at Mr Garth. "Get someone else to take over, or do we have no free vampires that you must take out a vampire from classes?"

Mr Garth breathed out a cloud of smoke, "Don't get mad at me your highness, I'm the messenger." He retorts, not a trace of respect and even a sliver of amused mockery laced the teacher's voice. Silas' handsome face crinkles in dissatisfaction. 

Jia Hyson awkwardly touches his nose. Ah, say what you want about Mr Garth's ability as a teacher, and a vampire being in general, but he was really good-looking, especially since he can even act so utterly defiant against the monarchy. It was very attractive to not just be a bad boy, but a capable bad boy with a job, rich and high status. Aiyah, the more he thinks about it, the more Jia Hyson was seriously considering pursuing a teacher-student romance.

Silas: I feel a disturbance in the force.

Even more upset for some reason, especially seeing how Alaric's attention was completely focused on Mr Garth again, Silas wanted to protest some more. However, he couldn't think of a good reason that didn't make him lose face. After all, he was a prince too, and while he didn't have much of a bearing of one, he still had royal pride instilled into him since birth. 

He looked at the other three vampires but of course, they had less to say than him. In fact, all three were supportive and envious. They were normal noble vampires and had not been able to leave the coven to explore human areas on their own yet, so in their eyes, they felt Alaric was very impressive. Plus, he got to skip a week of classes! So envious ah!

Seeing there was nothing else to say, Jia Hyson waves goodbye and follows Mr Garth who was waiting impatiently. "Sorry Mr Garth," He politely apologizes.

Mr Garth snorts and rolls his eyes. "Kiddo, I don't hate you since you're the most obedient one, but damn you're the saddest little vampire I know, actually asking for more patrol." 

Jia Hyson smiles, "I just want to help the coven as best I can. As a noble vampire, it's my duty to do my best."

"Ugh, see? That's pretty sad. You're only, what? Thirty? No, less than that." Mr Garth sighs as he leads the vampire out of the classroom into the empty halls. 

Taking a look around, Mr Garth telepathically shoves something into Jia Hyson's hand. "Here, it's a bit of extra cash and this card here? If the city you're dropped into has a YY Hotel just show them this and the service you'll get would be something those human celebrities can only dream of." Patting the stunned Jia Hyson on the back he winks, looking roguishly handsome, "You have such a good track record, nobody would blink an eye if you slacked off a little bit. Loosen up kiddo. It's okay to have some fun too."

So handsome!

Jia Hyson: '...Oh no, I think I really want to have sex with Mr Garth.' (  ) 

Bebe:   

With a blush, Jia Hyson thanked the bemused Mr Garth before leaving, unable to stop his heart beating at this gap moe. Since the end of time, everyone knew the most irresistible thing was a bad boy with a heart of gold. While this wasn't exactly that, it was a variation of it, and Jia Hyson's slutty heart simply couldn't resist finding it tempting.

As he walks away he couldn't help peeking back with bright eyes, shyly averting his gaze when Mr Garth, who was watching him leave, playfully waves. 

Finally, when he was out of sight, Mr Garth who was leaning on the wall suddenly reached out to grab something from behind him.

Prince Silas hisses as his hair was grabbed, his invisibility dropping immediately once he let out a breath. 

"Sorry," Mr Garth says, completely unapologetically, "I couldn't see you there." 

Prince Silas glares at the teacher. Snapping his fingers twice, his hair immediately turned into white fire, making it Mr Garth's turn to hiss and release his grasp on the prince. "Fuck!" The older vampire swore, half in pain and suprise. "You actually have- hey, where are you going?! You little bastard you have twenty minutes left!"

Prince Silas was too lazy to speak to the other and walked to the library to go take a nap and sleep the irritation bubbling in his chest away.

Mr Garth shook his head, telepathically he pulls out a cigarette from a floating box and lit it up. Pushing it to his lips he takes a long inhale before exhaling the smoke out of his mouth. "Tsk, one kid got cuter but unfortunately this one has become even more annoying."

Meanwhile, Dante, Darius and Abel looked at each other, feeling inexplicably thrown away.

"Hey," Darius says, "It can't be the crown prince has decided to pursue Alaric Rong?"

"No way," Dante immediately rejects, "If he liked Alaric he would've done something years ago, they spent so long together and it's only now have I seen them have a normal friendly conversation."

"But, Alaric has changed a lot ah," Darius points out, "Ever since he experienced whatever he did on that last Rong trip, he's become much better. I did hear from others that he was far more likeable but it's only now I really believe it ah."

Dante still shook his head, "I admit it's true but Prince Silas being romantically interested in Alaric? That guy can only be romantically interested in his pillows. I'll eat my phone if that's the case!"

"Hah, you should go exchange that new brick of an UPhone for your old Mokia flip phone- easier to swallow."

"Oh is that why you still have your old phone? Damn Darius, you're so prepared to lose I'm almost impressed."

"Um, guys," Abel interrupts before they descended into more bickering, "This is very funny and all, but nobody has come up with a single idea for the comic, and the crown prince who Alaric assigned as the team leader while he's gone, is also gone."

Dante and Darius shook.

That's right! Now they had to make all the decisions before Alaric comes back to help draw in a week! And knowing the crown prince he's not going to do shit without Rong!

Fuck!

...

Jia Hyson was dropped off in a city half an hour from the coven. Grey City. 

The names for the places here weren't the most inspired. But Jia Hyson had to agree the city was pretty damn grey. Smoky and dim, with buildings that had peeling paint and were desperately due for renovations. It was not a slum city but it was definitely close. 

Wrinkling his nose a little, Jia Hyson adjusts his backpack and begins to walk around. The Golden Coven covered a large amount of land and of course, that meant that it wasn't possible to perfectly watch over it. Hence the need for others that lived in the heart of the coven to go out and patrol occasionally. 

There were vampires of the clan in Grey City of course but they couldn't watch over every street and in every building, so they welcomed any extra pair of eyes and hands. Besides, the patrol also acted as a deterrent for any Golden Rose vampires living here that were tempted to do something against the law such as collect blood slaves or go on killing sprees, or raping people. The patrolling vampires were also randomly assigned to a different place each time as well which would minimise any internal corruption and deals to turn a blind eye as well.

It wasn't a perfect system of course. But it worked well enough. 

Still, the problem with being more or less randomly assigned was that it meant you could be patrolling a really shitty place like this.

Patrol this time was for about five days. This was because Jia Hyson had purposely shown consistently excellent grades these days. He drastically improved himself in the classes that emphasised socialising and improving EQ, which Alaric had originally been very poor in, and was even ahead of his homework for the other classes, and so he was granted a special exception to take more time off to patrol. 

In fact, while it was a 'special exception' the teachers who were elder vampires were extremely pleased and enthusiastic by Jia Hyson's attitude. It was the equivalent of actively doing all your homework in order to free up time to do more community volunteering and chores to help the neighbourhood and your parents. 

Such a sense of responsibility and active pursuit of duty was not common in teenagers much less the immature vampires who tended toward a heightened sense of selfishness and arrogance. If you don't believe it, look at the three 'young' princes who should have the best education- the oldest is so lazy he couldn't be more lazy, the second child was gloomy, quiet and inexplicably preferred to spend his days staring out windows and sighing as if his entire identity was a burden while he quotes Shakespeare and other literature with a tendency toward flowery and romantic prose. 

In fact, Damien could be considered a classic case of second-grade syndrome. Unfortunately as a vampire, once you catch this chunni disease, they tend to be unable to shake it off for decades. For Damien his disease lies in him wanting to be 'normal', his cold appearance hiding a warm poetic heart, he is a black rose among red roses and yearns to find someone to understand him and see past the fact he is a prince and a vampire, to see the true him. He both is grateful and burdened by his vampirism and is full of condescension but at the same time, romanticism for fragile humans. 

The youngest child was not bad in terms of EQ but preferred to use cheap tricks, push work onto others and go party. He also had chunni disease of a different variety. His disease lied in being the youngest child, being looked down on. In his mind he is the strong bronze among his gold-plated family, not as good looking but he knows he is far more useful and has the potential for more. 

The elders weren't blind, they could see Kieran was ambitious and his eyes held traces of darkness, however as a prince, it was not bad to be like that. Compared to laziness, and naive romanticism, at the very least, it was still not too hard to handle. As long as they teach him more firmly during the next few decades, eventually, Kieran should theoretically mature and grasp a better understanding of his own abilities, the needs of the coven and can sort out his ambitions accordingly.

...It could be said that the elder vampires historically, always had a difficult time raising the younger generation. After all, puberty and the rebellious age of humans was usually only a few years at worst before they grow up. But vampire parents might have to deal with these inexplicable mood swings, aggressiveness, chunni behaviours, self-absorption, and love brains for over hundreds of years. 

Vampire parents: Ah, my heart is so tired.

What is more wretched is that the maturity is low but the physical body is capable of many things. There were many 'teenage' pregnancies. A chunni will raise their baby, and it is up to the grandparents who are hopefully more capable. However, there are cases of multiple 'teenager pregnancies'. 

One of the biggest things is from the Lockwood family who had shown unusually high fertility for vampires in the last century. The only heir directly produced two daughters at twenty-six. Then his children followed suit and got pregnant at thirty and twenty-three respectively. 

Finally, the grandchildren had their own children at around forty. The original heir when his great-grandchildren were born was only a few years over one hundred and still thinks he can converse with the darkness of the shadows and ravens, despite his power being related to controlling water. That meant there were four generations of vampires still pretending, and being pretentious, and only the poor ancestor of the Lockwood family could take care of them all.

Jia Hyson who liked listening to gossip last heard that the heir and his second daughter were placed under house arrest for trying to start a cult by pretending to be gods among humans, and the heir's first daughter and her children had all run off to make it big as an idol group. 

Lockwood Family vampire ancestor: Ah, I must have done something terrible in my past life. 

It was a complicated feeling. Every vampire wants to have a child eventually, and there is a lot of expectations for it too. But they really emphasise the word 'eventually'. The older the better. At least, try not to let your child get pregnant when they were still at such an annoying age or you will suffer and experience the feeling of taking care of another child instead of being able to indulge and spoil a grandchild. 

Of course, not everyone believes this, but those who encourage it are generally vampires who have never felt the hell of raising the equivalent of multiple overpowered teenagers with varying levels of god complexes and second-year syndrome at the same time. Alternatively, they simply have adopted a rather extremist mindset and their family is in a unique situation such as having a power that only specifically runs through their bloodline. 

An example of this is the Reeves family in the coven that has the power of foresight in their veins. Foresight was different to fortune-telling based skills as it's supposedly a skill that predicts exact futures with 100% certainty unless something inexplicable like a protagonist halo is thrown in.

The family had an 'all thumbs are fingers but all fingers aren't thumbs' sort of situation where not everyone in the family will get this gift, but if someone has this power it's from the Reeves family. Obviously, there are other powers that also come under the genre of foresight and fortunetelling but throughout the different covens, it was more or less determined that the Reeves family inherited a power that was the best, with the lowest requirements, consistent, and is also very accurate. 

Some other similar powers could only be used once a moon, or require them to drink a certain type of rare blood, or even more, unfortunately- only during the height of intense climax. There was even a case study of one particularly powerful one who could predict futures but only if nobody was in the room and whilst he slept. The predictions were also in Spanish for some reason too despite the vampire never learning it. 

Apparently, his parents really thought he was possessed by something when he started showing the signs of his powers. Unfortunately, while it was both extremely accurate and had only the requirement that he must sleep alone in the room, the topic of the predictions was completely random. However because the vampire predicted two natural disasters weeks before they hit certain countries, he was still considered a national treasure in his own country. 

The Rongs can be said to have a situation that will encourage them to produce more children. They pride themselves in having members that not only help contribute greatly to society but also have at least someone in each generation that works closely with the monarch and royal family, whether as an advisor or a personal butler or their PR consultant. Therefore to increase the chances of continuing the trend, while they don't rush their vampire children, they will not deny, reject or abort any 'early' pregnancies either unless there were special conditions concerning the other mother slash father. 

Anyway, Alaric's attitude in contrast to most vampires in his generation and even the generation before him had originally been already considered like a budding flower among seedlings. But now, coupled with Jia Hyson's coaxing words and gentler, unpretentious attitude, he directly became a blooming flower in the eyes of many elders.

Jia Hyson sighs. There were benefits to being a good kid, unfortunately, his shitty gacha luck brought him here. Grey City was poor and the chances of coming across some cute clothes would be quite small. 

The biggest upside was probably at least the prices were cheap, but he was rich and during patrol, he was given a personal credit card to splurge with. Not to mention Mr Garth gave him a stack of cash that couldn't be traced by the card too. Just as the teacher had essentially said, as long as he did his duties and didn't cause any big trouble, and didn't gamble, nobody minded if he spent an absurd amount of money on a hotel or going shopping for souvenirs and such. 

So why would he care about something being on sale ah? 

Not to mention, this city was very behind with few tourist attractions and Jia Hyson doubts he would have much fun during these five days. 

Ahhhhh, he really hoped to see Green City or Goldleaf City, with the former being a place known for botanical beauty and the latter known for the rich and trendy. He had heard both cities had opened their first bubble tea store and ever since then, he had hoped with his entire boba-loving heart to be dropped off there.

Jia Hyson, internally sobbing: 'I want bubble tea wuwuwu.'

Bebe: 'You are such a frickin baby sometimes.'

Jia Hyson: 'Yeah. A baby that wants to suck the teat of my bubble tea cow QwQ'

Bebe:  'Why must you make everything sound so disgusting??'

'You know you can buy it on Bebay right?' Bebe sighs irritatedly, 'It's a bit of a waste but you don't really buy a lot from it anyway so-'

Gasping in happiness, Jia Hyson unhesitatingly stops and runs to an alleyway and leans against a less dirty part of the wall. Pulling out his new first-generation UPhone, Bebe inputs the Bebay site on the screen, thoughtfully having already set it on the Drinks section where a list of Boba drinks was listed. Upon closer inspection, these were actually shop names where, if you clicked on them, you would see their variety of wares. 

There were three popular Boba Brands shown with very high ratings. Princess Tea Time, The Shining Pearl, and finally, the undisputed top ranker- Chatime.

Jia Hyson: '...' It seems a certain bubble tea brand was not satisfied with taking over the world and even took over the system world as well ah.

Taking another look Jia Hyson felt a little speechless at the far too familiar brand. Damn, it was really Chatime. 

'There was a high demand for bubble tea from both hosts and system alike,' Bebe explains, 'So what we did was form a contract with the owner of the company and in exchange for merits to supplement his soul we could bring the brand here. That way the systems would get a monopoly over the bubble tea industry. Princess tea is founded by a Royal System, and The Shining Pearl is a company founded by a group of high-level hosts.'

Once again faced with the corporate side of the fantastical system world Jia Hyson can only swallow it down wordlessly. 

While he was curious about the other two brands, Jia Hyson in the end had to go with Chatime. It was partly because of the good reviews and high popularity but also because of the familiarity. To be honest, he was more a Gong Cha and Heytea fan but now that Chatime was a system product, and such a popular one too, there was no way it could be any worse and the consistent quality was basically assured too. 

Happily Jia Hyson picked Chatime and chose his usual order of a large cup of roasted milk tea with boba and coffee jelly, no ice, 50% sugar. However, at the end, there was an option for special extras.

"Tsk, tsk, as expected of a system product," Jia Hyson mutters as he sees the special extras.

The large roasted bubble tea he had ordered was only 5p, with 0.5p for extras, meaning the current price of his drink was only 6p. It wasn't too expensive as far as food prices on Bebay were, but it wasn't cheap either. However, where the price really lies was the special extras.

A sprinkle of 10,000-year-old ginseng extract - 2.5p

A dash of beautifying silk pearl powder - 4p

One ground leaf from an immature tree of knowledge - 6p

Half a drop of the blood of a Phoenix, dragon, 500-year-old demon, cultivator at Nascent Soul stage - 10p

To be perfectly honest, looking at the product names and the prices, Jia Hyson had the instinct to order all of them. After all, it was all so cheap! However, it was recommended to only purchase two special extras at most, similar to how you couldn't just gorge yourself blindly on medication to become healthier. 

Not to mention, with further critical thinking, the prices were really too cheap, and the amounts listed were incredibly small. The effects were definitely not going to be as good as buying half of the real product, and would not be so obvious, much like how vitamin pills tended to work. A little disappointed by his own logic ruining his expectations, Jia Hyson still requested a sprinkle of 'lucky charm' mix and half a drop of ice demon blood. 

It took only a minute after purchase before a cup of bubble tea seemed to virtually be constructed into existence, floating in front of Jia Hyson with a semi-translucent appearance. It was only after he grasped it did it solidify and Jia Hyson could feel the weight and cool condensation in his hands. 

"Ah, that's pretty neat," Jia Hyson comments mildly before lifting the drink to his lips and sucking on the straw. This time his eyes light up with pure happiness. 

"Mmmhh! It's so good-!" Jia Hyson compliments sincerely and enthusiastically, his free hand pressing against his cheek as if trying to massage the side of his wide smile. 

The roasting was prominent but not in a burnt way, giving a toasty taste that emphasised the tea flavour throughout the sweet drink, the boba was chewy and not overly sugary and cloying, and the coffee in the jelly could easily be tasted. It was a simple drink but it made Jia Hyson's tongue almost feel ticklish under the sweet pleasure. 

Invigorated by the drink, Jia Hyson was filled with determination. If he couldn't find any fun things in Grey City then he'll make his own fun!

After all, other than the rather cheap prices there was another benefit- there was nobody here who would recognise Alaric Rong. The vampires who lived in Grey City were few and they disliked 'slumming' it as much as the next rich person. Hence running into them was a very low chance, and even if he did, they were not familiar.

Therefore, he might as well make the most of it and try properly crossdressing in public. Not like what he had been doing, which was pretending to crossdress outside but in reality was faking like a bitch with the power 

While he only had a backpack with necessities and his wallet, Jia Hyson still had the system space. While he avoided using it to minimize developing a reliance on it, he had packed a few emergency outfits in case there was nothing nice to buy and show off on his blog, extra food, as well as some nicer menswear plus a few accessories that could be sold in a pinch. Putting the bubble tea inside the space for now Jia Hyson began to look for a place to change with a nervous but anticipatory heart.

Proving that with money you can even make the devil push a grindstone, Jia Hyson paid a small, somewhat run-down boutique to use their changing room and a hush fee. The shopokeeper was an old woman lazing by the cashier with a rather mean, calculating face. However, with a wave of a stack of fifty dollar bills, she magically became the most attentive attendant. 

Jia Hyson didn't care, greedy people can be quite useful, and mean people tend to have the most brutal gossip with little bottom lines in hiding things unless it personally involved them. Not to mention this woman didn't seem like an idiot either from her attitude change. She even offered to serve him complimentary tea as he gets changed, her face full of flattery.

An opportunistic greedy leech was much better to use than an idiot, so Jia Hyson who didn't really think much initially, noted her down in his heart.

Being the only one in the store, and having the shopokeeper actively volunteer to drive anyone who enters out to give him more privacy, Jia Hyson happily chats with her as he changes. Thanking her for her generosity first, he deftly brings up many topics that were easy to talk about. 

The woman who was initially very flattering and worried this bigshot would talk about things above her head, slowly relaxed and began to run her mouth very cheerfully. It turns out there was such a low-key humble bigshot who also liked to gossip about tv shows and celebrities. 

Of course, Jia Hyson wasn't really a star chaser. He did watch a few shows, but he was always the type who is a fan of the character, not the actor, who can praise a song but have little to no idea about the artist behind it. Fortunately, Bebe who was connected to the internet could easily access gossip and feed him any interesting facts and information about Actress A's messy love life, or rumours of Singer B's divorce. 

After exchanging gossip, Jia Hyson moves on to asking the shopokeeper about her neighbourhood and any interesting stories to tell, assuring her that her stories will surely not bore him. Of course, even if he says so, she will naturally still have the urge to impress him. 

She starts off with cheating scandals, and with Jia Hyson's prompting and manipulation, he moves to the darker things, such as rumours of abuse, disappearances and hauntings. Of course, most of these things will simply just be what it is, the darkness of human nature. However, there were a few suspicious points in two stories that Jia Hyson could deduce may have signs of something more. 

For example a woman with bruises and injuries on her arms and legs, however to the shopokeeper's knowledge, the woman had no man warming her bed and only a baby to take care of. Her boyfriend left her before she found she was pregnant, and it was said that he was indeed a looker. 

Another one was people complaining about noises on their houses, like something heavy hitting their roofs but when they check there's nothing. What was damning was it was always a cluster of nearby houses who would complain at the same time. While it wasn't a daily thing, everyone around the area of the neighbourhood has experienced it a few times in the past two months.

Jia Hyson sighs in his heart. Fortunately these two stories didn't suggest he would have to do anything too difficult to find out the truth. If it was something like mass kidnappings, that would indicate a possible underground criminal ring that might involve blood slaves, which was really something Jia Hyson couldn't do much with other than report it to the higher-ups for help. 

However the first story was quite concerning. Jia Hyson silently hoped that it truly was a domestic violence situation, because if it was an alternative involving vampires then the problem and solution becomes very messy. 

After all, he's done a lot of messed up stuff but he's never had to kill a baby to his knowledge yet ah. 

Bebe: '...Wait, to your knowledge???'

Jia Hyson: 'Well, with my track record I have to cover all my bases you know?'

Bebe: 'NO. THAT SHOULDN'T EVEN BE CONSIDERED AS A BASE TO COVER.'   'YOU- GODDAMN-!'

Jia Hyson, sipping bubble tea: Sippingbubbletea.gif

With a baby blue three-quarter sleeve turtleneck under a desaturated blue spaghetti strap v-neck that had been fashionably paired with a denim skort, a desaturated dark blue puffy jacket and light powder blue wedges, Jia Hyson twirls around the mirror and preens at his appearance, touching the gold simple gold locket that completes the set. 

The outfit was all from RosiePosies by designer Li that he had found at a pop-up market for new designers. While, the look was not overly feminine but it still was light, breezy and very appealing to the eye. Wearing it, Jia Hyson didn't even have to wear a wig, after a bit of self-styling, he already more or less looked like a fashion-forward petite tomboy. 

Ah, ah, he poses in front of the mirror and flushes at how pretty he looks, inwardly praising himself for his good taste. When Jia Hyson saw these clothes he just knew he had to get it for himself. And just as expected, he was completely satisfied with the end result. 

Now that he finished collecting enough information to get an idea of where to start patrolling, Jia Hyson finally left the changing room. The lady shopokeeper who had rushed up with some warm tea to offer, immediately choked in surprise. 

When Jia Hyson entered the store he was an icy pretty boy that looked like he was mixed blood with bright blue eyes and an Asian appearance. Even though his features were delicate he was still unmistakably a boy, and his voice while gentle and light, wasn't androgynous either. But now, the shopokeeper doubted herself. 

"Thank you very much for the tea," Jia Hyson politely takes the cup and sips it, feigning a cool calm confidence despite his face warming and back sweating profusely from his anxiety and nerves. Ah, it was exciting but it was also quite scary. 

Pushing an extra few hundred dollars, he smiles amicably, "You were very kind miss, and I love your makeup. May I ask if you know any good places?"

The lady shopokeeper finally woke up with the power of money. It was true she was a bit uncomfortable and wasn't sure of the other person's gender now, but money was genderless too! It didn't matter if this person was some sort of pervert, he was rich ah, rich! 

In her mind she was greedy but she was open-mindedly greedy. The customer with money to spare is the one that deserves to be respected and doted on even if they came out of the changing room stark naked. If she discriminated and drove Jia Hyson away then she was discriminating against money which went against her code of life.

With a bright smile, she babbled about all sorts of hidden places and even complimented him for his taste and style. As a boutique owner herself she still had many opinions and a sense of fashion, and she didn't hesitate to say as much as she would to a good friend. Jia Hyson was a little touched and indulged in the conversation with her.

Of course if he really knew that what she was seeing was the genderless form of banknotes when she looked at him, he, well, he didn't really care as long as she sincerely thought he looked good ah. 

Leaving on an amicable note, Jia Hyson went off in the direction Bebe gave him, which was where the abused woman lived. The place wasn't too far so they quickly found the place. With a concerning amount of well-practised movements, Jia Hyson circled the house before finding the easiest place to break in soundlessly. Maybe because the woman was poor and it was well known there wasn't much to take, or maybe she was so out of it she simply forgot, the back door to the rather decrepit place that can only be reluctantly be described as a house, was unlocked. 

Entering, Jia Hyson cocks his head and strains his ears, picking up two sounds of breathing, both in the same general area. 

Silently, he walks in that direction. The house was very small and it was only a few metres before he saw a pale woman with bruises on her body lying on the couch. Jia Hyson sighs softly before moving his eyes to look for the owner of the second breath. It didn't take too long, the baby cot was next to the tattered couch, at the woman's feet. 

Jia Hyson crept over and observed the baby. It was pretty cute. Had a healthy colour.

Touching the child's forehead, Jia Hyson sighs in faint relief. Warm. 

Just to be extra cautious, he pulls out a vial of blood from his backpack and puts a drop on his finger. After smearing it a bit he moves his hand close to the baby's face and waits a minute. Seeing no reaction he fully relaxes and licks the blood off himself. Very good, false alarm.

Satisfied, Jia Hyson pulls out part of the stack of bills that Mr Garth had handed him and slips it under the couch cushions. After all, he was here, rich, and just broke into the poor lady's house. He can afford to show some charity. There were at least fifteen hundred dollars, which was not bad. It could at least give the woman some financial security for a few months, maybe buy a better door which could be considered compensation.

Feeling he did enough for the first night, Jia Hyson quickly leaves the house to patrol the surrounding areas.

Pulling out the half-finished bubble tea from the system space, Jia Hyson went around and bought a hotdog that looked okay. To be honest, while Jia Hyson disliked the dirty conditions of his surroundings, he didn't disdain the poor and as long as the food is good, and it looks like there's an effort to take care of the place, he will enter and eat there regardless of how shabby the store is. 

Unfortunately, it may be his poor luck or something but the street food that was available this late at night in these streets he had wandered around looked like they fulfilled none of those conditions. He sneers as he gives a few coins to the leering owner before trotting away.

The hotdog was basic, just a slightly stale bun, a slightly over-salted sausage and the usual tomato sauce and mustard, with pickles Jia Hyson specifically asked for. Jia Hyson still slowly ate it with some relish as he continued walking, after all, the food was warm, and it filled the stomach. Coupled with the sweet bubble tea, he was content.

Even if he came with the intent to play around, Jia Hyson still had a sense of responsibility and would always spend his first few hours walking around the 'hotspot' areas to see if there was anything. Hotspot areas were usually the shady parts of a neighbourhood, or areas behind hospitals, and around seedy bars. Typical places for criminal dealings really, though the hospital thing was more inclined towards vampires who sometimes illegally steal or make deals with medical staff to smuggle bodies and organs for them. 

Jia Hyson had done quite a few patrols and had even once come across the shocking scene of some dumbass 'turned' vampire trying to shove some bags of organ meat and blood into her padded bra, and in her cargo pants which was hidden under a long skirt. 

It was very funny in retrospect. At the time he had just turned the corner to see her swearing and struggling to keep the bags from falling out. At first he didn't understand what she was doing and just wanted to be a good Samaritan on a whim, as well as being partly curious of what she was stuffing into her bra. When he came closer, she panicked and a bag feel out onto the ground and burst. 

With the scent of human blood, both Jia Hyson and the turned vampire's eyes turned red and they stared at each other in surprise for a few seconds before she turned and ran away with all her hidden bags sloppily falling out. 

Jia Hyson, at the time: "Hey, you- ahahaha- you dropped something ahahahah!"

Vampire: #@^&$!

Because of the bags hindering her, and the fact a noble-born vampire was generally superior in speed and strength compared to a turned vampire, Jia Hyson quickly ran up to catch and beat her up before throwing her to the vampire he was assigned to report to in that particular city.

Trotting along the fairly empty streets, Jia Hyson inwardly complains at the height of his wedges. At best he usually wears kitten heels, however, he really wanted to emphasise his legs in this outfit and felt a little ambitious since nobody he knew would be around. But even with vampiric healing, he could still feel the uncomfortable ache in his feet as time passes. Ah, fashionable people don't have it easy.

As he sipped his bubble tea, enjoying the cool air of the night, Jia Hyson stops as he hears a commotion nearby. Bored, with not much else to do, Jia Hyson strolls over curiously. 

It was a scene of what looked like many older boys beating someone up in an alleyway. Seemed like a case of bullying, as they were all wearing uniforms. Jia Hyson clicks his tongue, tsk, how annoying to the eyes. 

After some thought, he takes out his phone and instructs Bebe to make siren noises. Then, in a higher pitched voice, he screams, "POLICE! OH THANK GOD! YES, OVER HERE! THESE MEN ARE MURDERING SOMEONE AND, OH GOD, THEY'RE FUCKING THE CORPSE! POLICE!"

The gangsters: '...' Girl, are you blind?

Hearing the sirens getting loudly someone eventually snapped out of their confused daze and cursed, "Fuck! We got to go! Hurry!"

Panicked at the prospect of going to jail these teenagers immediately ran blindly away. A few did take the time to shout at the beaten person, promising that it wasn't over yet. Jia Hyson clicks his tongue again. So cliche but quite exciting ah. If the bullied kid is handsome, he would really feel like a female protagonist in a school romance novel.

Trotting into the alley, Jia Hyson looks down at the victim of the beating who was lying on the floor in a rather embarrassing state. It was a teenage boy, definitely smaller than the bullies. "Hey," Jia Hyson gently calls out, lightly nudging the stiff body with his wedges. "It's okay, I scared them off. Can you get up? If you can't move your fingers."

The teenager groans painfully and after some movement, seems to give up trying to get up, and moves his fingers. After making sure that the other wasn't in need of emergency medical attention thanks to Bebe who quickly scanned him, Jia Hyson touches his nose thoughtfully before coming up with an idea.

Cracking his neck, Jia Hyson pulls out a water bottle and some aloe vera gel from his backpack, places it on the floor and sits down to carefully cradle the other's head, placing it on his lap. "You just rest a bit, I'll give you some water and put some gel on you. If you really can't move after twenty minutes I'll carry you somewhere I suppose ah."

Feeling the cool smooth thigh pressed against the side of his sore face, the beaten teenager's already warm face from the bruising, heats up further in embarrassment. Using what little strength he had, he tried to turn so he lay on his back, head up. Blinking blearily, he was stunned to see the bright blue eyes a pretty and petite looking girl with short black hair.

Conversely, Jia Hyson was surprised to see bright silver eyes that stood out against the bruises on this young man's face.




Jia Hyson assesses the other after the initial moment of surprise. Silver eyes, definitely human, most likely a shard piece holder then ah.

Jia Hyson remembers how apparently 'rare' it was to encounter these shard pieces, and yet, he always seemed to meet at least one in each world. Thinking about the sheer probabilities, the chances, Jia Hyson... inexplicably couldn't help but feel... 

Annoyed.

Like, really fucking annoyed. 

Jia Hyson: 'Yo. Is this why my gacha luck is so bad? Because I'm not going to lie, I would like to move some of these lucky gong points into my gacha, please.'

Like, damn, it's nice to fall in love, but you know what the poets say. True love is forever, but limited edition SSR gacha is fleeting. 

Also, the lottery. Jia Hyson still wants to experience the feeling of winning the lottery. He will seriously trade in one gong chance for a world where he wins the lottery and gets nothing, but consistent rare and above pulls for any game he plays. The last world doesn't count because he was lucky- but he was also in the setting of ancient fucking china. You can't show off gacha luck there. 

Bebe, who was more aware of the incredibly low probabilities: '...Could you donate some of those gong points to Bebe's gacha too?'

Not as good as gacha Bipolar Prince Shards: We're not crying, you're crying. ('`)

Sighing with heartfelt emotion, he touches the bruises on the teenager's face idly before taking the water bottle and lifting it to the other's split lips. Fortunately, he had brought one of those sports squeezy water bottles, so it was easy to bottle feed. 

The teenager's face, which was on his lap, immediately made a complicated expression, expressly showing rejection of the action. Jia Hyson pauses his movements. "What's wrong?" He asks with concern.

"This," The other coughs, his voice light but raspy due to the beating, "Squeeze the water at me, and I'll drink. No need to-" He trials off, but Jia Hyson immediately understands. 

Ah, the pride of a teenage boy. In fairness, it was pretty mortifying to be bottle-fed on some stranger's lap. Especially when the stranger was someone of the same age and the opposite sex. Not that Jia Hyson was a girl, but he was still confident enough in his looks that he could convince the other he was currently female. 

Thinking about that, a sly smile painted his lips. "Don't worry-" He assures in a lighter, airy voice, giving off more of an impression of a young coquettish girl, "I haven't drunk from it yet-"

The other blushes, and even his bruises and the dim light of the night couldn't cover it up at all now that Jia Hyson had his full attention on his reactions. "T- tha- that's not-"

Ah, the reactions are really cute. Jia Hyson's interest perks a little bit more; with his playful sadism provoked, he decides to tease a bit more.

"Or-" Jia Hyson flirtatiously stretches out the word teasingly, "Maybe you wanted me to feed water to you mouth to mouth instead-?" He winks, raising the water bottle and kissing the side of it, near the mouthpiece, the action full of vague but ambiguous implications. 

The other chokes incoherently, and Jia Hyson could actually feel a tangible increase in temperature coming from the young man. Ah, he must have thought something a little naughty. So dirty ah-

Bebe: '...' The only dirty one is the sewers that are your mind, host.

Feeling that if continued and spent too much time, the kid might really get ill, Jia Hyson pressed the tip of the bottle to the other's mouth. Probably given the stimulating images Jia Hyson had provided as a comparison, this bottle-feeding action was no longer so objectionable, and he obediently, if reluctantly, opened his mouth. 

The teenager must've been extremely parched as he had quickly gotten over his embarrassment and focused on satiating his thirst, swallowing the water down greedily. 

Jia Hyson took the time to look over the other. To be honest, it was really hard to make out his facial features. His face was bruised, scraped, swollen, and a bit cut up. The skin around his left silver eye was very red; there's a good chance it will become a black eye. In fact, Jia Hyson was sure his face would become very ugly in a few hours once the still rather reddish bruising became darker. 

His brown long-layered shag haircut had become quite a mess as a consequence of the confrontation. Jia Hyson wasn't sure if he was a good kid; after all, a good child wouldn't necessarily warrant such a severe thrashing, but at the same time, the violence of Grey City was really high; maybe he underestimated the viciousness and jealousy of the youth of today.

Jia Hyson one-handedly touched the hair absentmindedly as he thought this, rubbing the tips with his fingers. It was quite rough and poorly maintained. Poor hygiene, poor household or poor genes. Looking at the neighbourhood, he was more inclined toward an economic problem and one of the other two options but not necessarily both. 

The youth stiffened under such an intimate touch. This girl was really... forget it, she helped him; it would be ungrateful to protest further. Ignoring his beating heart, he swallowed some more water, focusing on the cool liquid wetting his dry throat and filling his empty stomach.

His body was sore, and he had attacked so badly that he had vomited the contents of his stomach. The only thing he was vaguely grateful for was that they dragged him away from the mess he made, and this girl didn't see it. Still, he was extremely fatigued, and under the comfort and slightly cool temperature of the girl's soft thighs and tender, if rather flirtatious, care, he unwillingly drifted off into unconsciousness.

Jia Hyson notices as he feels the pressure of the tip of the bottle slackens. Chuckling, he gently pulls the bottle away from his lips, chucking it into the backpack. Carefully he slides his hand under the curve of the other's skull and gently lifts it up to shuffle his legs out of the way. In this position, he moves his hand from cradling the head down to slowly lifting up his upper body, supporting with his arm stretched around the shoulder blades. The teenager was quite skinny, not filled out much at all, so it wasn't too difficult for Jia Hyson's slim and delicate fingers to reach the other's armpit. 

Now that the other is propped up, he slips his other hand under the body, sliding down the teenager's back before reaching his butt.

Jia Hyson: '...Eh, not bad.' 

Bebe: ...

After indulging for a moment, Jia Hyson inhales and, supporting the other's neck and butt, he picks the other up with a huffy "Heave, ho-". 

Given his vampiric strength, it was really not a problem to carry an unconscious teenager like this. Especially since the other wasn't very bulky at all. 

Adjusting to a more comfortable position, letting the teenager's body slip down a bit, so the hand originally underneath his butt was now holding the weight of his thighs, Jia Hyson, dressed as a cute girl, successfully princess carried the sleeping young man. "Bebe, take a photo, ah." He urges with a smile.

A cute, pretty girl, soft and delicate like a precious pearl to be cradled carefully. A wild teenage boy, tall and full of youth. It should be a very picturesque scene, but it had become a vision of extremely strange taste. 

"Say cheese," Bebe enthusiastically replies. After all, this sort of unique photo would definitely get much attention in SystemBook and Systagram. "Ah, ah, host, can you do a twirl, make the 'swish', you know? Swish, and smile!"

Jia Hyson happily obliges. He has always been a little narcissistic at heart, and now that he had become a little addicted to the praise of the netizens, he could not stop the peacock inside him from displaying his tail feathers when possible. 

He swirls, preens, and poses, using the unconscious teenager less like, well, an unconscious teenager, and more like a prop. Jia Hyson even did the classic 'Circle of Life' move. 

"Hahahahaha! You can edit this with the music right?" Jia Hyson grins as he lifts the limp body above and in front of his head.

"Bebe can do more than that," Bebe smugly assures as it continues to take photos, "Bebe can edit in the entire scene with all the animals and Mufasa with you in it ahahahah."

"Hahahahah, you're the best!" Jia Hyson laughs as he tosses up the unfortunate teenager. 

Thankfully for the teenager, despite being moved and jostled around so much, because of Alaric's greater strength and hand-eye coordination, there were no injuries aggravated or further harm inflicted. Well, sort of.

Teenager: ... Mblerh. 

Jia Hyson was an enthusiastic model with past modelling experience, and Bebe was skilled with a camera, so the impromptu photoshop finished after only a few minutes of playing around. Still giggling with his system, Jia Hyson forces himself to regain a sense of seriousness and sense of sympathy, as he carries the teenager, hugging him tightly to his body, out of the alley. 

Looking around at the empty streets, Jia Hyson rolls his eyes helplessly, "Bebe, my hands are full, call a taxi service to pick us up please."

Bebe obliges while it continues to edit the photos. Obviously, since this was for the system world, the editing was far superior to the middle school level touch-ups Jia Hyson had been doing for his blog. 

Soon a yellow cab comes around the corner, and Jia Hyson smiles and kicks out his leg to signal he was the client. 

As the taxi driver pulls over he stares at the unconscious teenager silently before looking at Jia Hyson. One was a teenager who looked like he had been fighting and the other was a dainty teenage girl who looked quite well off. The sense of dissonance when putting the two together was quite big which only got larger seeing the little girl carry the boy in her arms. 

Even if it was clear the young lady had some strength that betrayed her appearance, the driver had a daughter of his own and couldn't help but ask in concern, "Little girl, do you know this boy?" 

He glances at the dirty young man in her arms with some suspicion. After all, Grey City wasn't safe at all, there were many cases of men tricking women and little girls, and stealing everything they had to offer. The only somewhat good thing was the educational level wasn't strong and most criminals were more straightforward in their crimes, unable to do any deep and sinister scheming or high-class trickery. Still, that didn't mean there weren't scammers afoot. 

Jia Hyson smiles sweetly and silently promises to give the driver a very generous tip afterwards. "Thanks for your concern sir- this is my cousin, he called me to help him since he didn't want his parents to know he was in a fight-"

The cab driver squints as he looks at the unconscious boy wearing worn-out clothes before moving his gaze to the delicate young girl with Asian traits and what seemed like quite fashionable new clothing. As a driver in Grey city, he had seen many tricks, and women were just as much a scammer as a man. 

However, he quickly dismisses it. Simply because the girl just seemed too rich and refined. It was hard to explain but there was a sense of nobility and simple confidence that the driver felt could not be faked. If she was with any scammers he felt that they would definitely not bother to take on the mosquito meat that was Grey City and would've predated on a better place instead.

Besides- the driver glances at the boy again, before his heart settles down and unlocks the car doors- this kid looks a bit too ugly and a bit too poor to be scammed for anything other than organ trafficking anyway. And even then there were probably better options.

Teenager: '...' I feel like I've been constantly shot while lying down. 

Letting them in, Jia Hyson immediately requests to go to the most expensive hotel available, which, as supplied by Bebe, was either the YY Hotel or the Crown. Of course, thanks to the generosity of Mr Garth, Jia Hyson picked the YY Hotel. 

YY Hotel, being owned by a vampire, was of course more vampire friendly as well, with reinforced blinds, a larger emphasis on privacy and there were at least a few vampires on staff in each branch to better accommodate any vampiric visitors. 

Even in a poor city like this one, there were still the rich and the rich will of course need to have places to accommodate the other rich people. These places were in the heart of the city which took a little while to travel into. 

Sitting in the car, Jia Hyson pats the sleeping teenager's head idly, he had adjusted him with a little difficulty to lay his head on his lap while his body lay more or less against his legs as he was placed on the car floor. 

Since the driver would hear him, Jia Hyson silently talked to Bebe again. 'Hey, can you recognise the kid's identity?'

Bebe gave a sound of hesitant affirmation, 'Bebe should be able to, but it may take longer than usual due to the technical restrictions.' Bebe had a facial recognition skill but similar to a face recognition app, you needed past photos for comparison. 

In this day and age, people still preferred posting photos in albums rather than online, and as overpowered as the system was, Bebe wasn't able to become omniscient given its current level. It mainly relied on the online world to help access this sort of information. 

Therefore Bebe relied on governmental sites that had passport information or driver's license information to gain access to people's profiles. Unfortunately, the child looked like he was from the bad part of Grey City. There's a good chance he has no photographs at all depending on his childhood, so Bebe had to access nearby schools' databases instead. This takes a bit longer since there was a lot of information in those databases, and the teenager's face was really so bruised and beaten that it was a bit hard to give an accurate comparison. 

Jia Hyson didn't care too much either. It was more natural anyway if he didn't recognise or know beforehand, creating more spontaneity. Generally, he wouldn't ask Bebe unless he was interested in brushing up the favourability quickly or it was an important character. 'Just double-check if this kid's in the plot. If he is, then I want the information but if not, forget it.' He waves off carelessly. 

Bebe was also very relaxed, 'Bebe will take Bebe's time then.'

'En,' They both had a reason to be lax. After all, even if this kid turned out to magically be Jessica Fang herself, they didn't worry. After all, vampires have stayed hidden for so long for a reason. And as an underage patroller, Jia Hyson was given a few products to protect his identity further. 

As long as he decides that it would be counterproductive to him for the other to keep his memories, Jia Hyson could use a vampire's innate hypnotic thrall. While it was disappointingly much weaker than the legends had hyped it up to be, coupled with items to boost the effect, it was still quite powerful. 

His trump card was a perfume named Forget Me So, created by a French vampire who could grow forget-me-not flowers that have the scent to make people become muddle-headed and forgetful. 

Using these flower extracts, and adding it with other ingredients to stimulate and enhance specific effects, the French vampire made a killing by selling this 'potion' globally to the other vampire communities. There were other products that aided a vampire's thrall, but this was the most effective item to help completely wipe away memories from the last few days or hours, depending on how much you spray.

The problem was that you couldn't use it on the same person too often since it can cause either resistance, brain damage and even diseases like early-onset Alzheimer's, which is too cruel really. However, you would have to have sprayed a person at least twice a month for like, a year or so for that sort of negative effect. And if you're doing that, then that's really a You problem than anything else.

So he could deal with this easy enough, the most immediate problem was how far he should go helping the teenager. 

After all... well, he had a very good impression of the silver-eyed shards thanks to the last world. Even if he knew this person wasn't Da Gong, and they were two different individuals simply produced from the same source, Jia Hyson was reluctant to really ignore him despite having little emotional attachment. It was similar to how you feel a little obligated to help an unfamiliar cousin due to familial ties. 

But it also felt a bit inappropriate to just drag some random teenage boy he found unconscious off the street into a hotel room with him either. 

After a bit of thought, the best thing to do was still ask the other for his opinion. Touching his lips, he brings out a wisp of magic, twirling his finger slowly in a few small circles. Out of sight from the cab driver, he presses his finger that had the mist wrapped around it and pressed it to the fingernail of his forefinger from his other hand. Slowly frost began to form at the tip of his fingernail.

Before it spreads, Jia Hyson manipulates it to form only at the tip of his nail, growing into a little flower. Jia Hyson smiles, the flower was a bit ugly and bulky looking due to his current inability but he was still quite proud. 

Plucking off the tiny ice flower from his nail he presses it onto the teenager's warm neck.

"What the-?!" The teenager jolts awake. almost scaring the cabbie into swerving.

"Fuck!" The driver swore, glaring at the two youngsters at the back. 

"Sorry for the trouble-" Jia Hyson apologises in a soft, airy voice. With his appearance, he looked just as soft as his voice, and it was harder for people to get upset at a little beauty. Not to mention, Jia Hyson was good at looking sincere and was genuinely a bit embarrassed. The driver sighs and turns back to focus on driving, too lazy to say anything anymore. 

"You..." The teenager wipes the bleariness from his swollen and sore eyes, throat no longer so rough thanks to the water from before.

Jia Hyson rushes to press a finger on the young man's mouth, silently shushing him as he quickly talks. "Cousin- don't worry ah- I didn't call your mother but your injuries really don't look good. Can I use your phone to call anyone else? It's a good thing I was already in the city to get you but it's better to get help from someone more familiar ah-"

As expected of a yin shard holder, even if the other had clearly been beaten senseless, his mind was still pretty good and quickly caught on. The taxi lighting was incredibly poor and his vision was still blurry so he could only vaguely see the girl who helped him, but if she was offering to call for help and hadn't done anything yet, he supposed he could trust her for now. 

"I.. I don't have a phone," He admits with some embarrassment. "But I can give you some numbers."

Jia Hyson nods, unsurprised. Even if the kid did have a phone it was probably broken or stolen after getting the shit beat out of him after all. "Don't worry ah- Just say the numbers, I'll call-" He playfully but comfortingly pats the teenager's head as he pulls out his UPhone. 

The teenager grunts, trying to ignore the heat growing on his face again, "Thanks... tell them.. ugh... tell them it's Kylan."

Jia Hyson almost drops his phone. Fortunately, with his reflexes, he covers his mistake quickly and just smiles and nods, "En, okay- Tell me the first number then-"

As Kylan closes his eyes and recites a string of numbers, Jia Hyson stares down at him with a complicated expression. Coincidence? He wasn't sure but he rather presumes the worst rather than be blindly optimistic to the point of denial. 

Kylan Laframboise. One of the secondary male leads that enters the story in the second book of the series, Miss Fang and the Vampire Academy. A strong human delinquent who is aggressive, stubborn, and awkward. Introduced as a loner, described as a wild, rabid dog.

And someone who hates vampires.

...

...

..


Kylan Laframboise was a reasonably popular character, mainly because he probably had the most development throughout the story. This isn't saying too much, to be honest, but even a small spoonful of sugar can sweeten the pot. 

Originally, he appeared closed off and very hateful to everyone. Kylan especially disdains and goes out of his way to bully the female lead Jessica Fang, finding her especially repulsive to the eye. In fact, he could be considered one of the main tormentors to her when she first entered St Lailah's academy. 

It was only when Jessica saved him midway through the story from being beaten by some vampires did he finally start to change his tune. 

Kylan was not a vampire hunter, nor was he from a rich and prestigious background. In fact, it could be said, if it wasn't for his surprisingly high intellect, strange physique of being naturally more physically capable, and aggressively fierce temperament, his status would be much worse than Jessica's. 

Because he entered the school thanks to his sister- a turned vampire and favoured mistress to a very high ranking noble, Count Vericus. 

During his time as Alaric, Jia Hyson has never seen Count Vericus, but he did have the memory of meeting him. And all he can say is... if he didn't have a thing against cheating, he would climb up that strict and taciturn daddy and eat him up like a fucking koala to a eucalyptus. 

The man was even in charge of vampiric law enforcement in America. That meant he could totally be into discipline. Prison play. Stern mature prison warden, flirtatious and calculating serial killer. Handcuffs. Whip. Agh. Jia Hyson was a little excited just imagining it. 

Bebe: _ 'You have serious problems.'

Jia Hyson: 'Why are you complaining? This is fairly tame ah.' 

Bebe: 'Bebe knows... Bebe just wanted to temporarily live in a world where this was considered serious.'

Jia Hyson: '...'   

Kylan, in the story, did not describe too much, but essentially the reason for his high animosity toward Jessica was that she reminded him of his sister. Which was fair. Both were humans who hooked up with high ranking vampires who had some sort of marital promise that they didn't uphold. Count Vericus had a wife, and Prince Damien, like all male leads with high status, had a fiancee. 

For vampires, open marriages were not an eye-opening subject matter. They lived so long that it was normal to become bored with their spouses. Some couples will agree to have a year of open marriage every decade, some will maintain an open marriage of sex partners only, and some possessive ones will add a clause they had to share each time a new person is introduced into the relationship... there were many different ways it was handled; as long as they reached an understanding, it was considered okay. 

However, who knew what Kylan's sister did, she actually had managed to get Count Vericus to break off his marriage with his wife and establish herself as the main wife of the Vericus family, shocking and outraging many people. It was an absolute scandal. 

His elder sister had become a vampire, but Kylan, who had been ashamed, shocked, and also still processing the fact vampires were real, vehemently denied being turned. This was also a bit of a slap in the face for the Vericus family, as they didn't want him or his sister there at all, but at the same time, they were offended by such vehement rejection over entering their family and vampirism.

The scene wasn't explained in detail, but given Kylan's previous scenes with Jessica where he was being a fucking little bitch, most people with brains, Jia Hyson included, could determine that Kylan probably did not handle any of it well. Which is somewhat understandable. Finding out your sister is a home-wrecker and a gold-digger when you're a teenager full of hormonal and emotional imbalances is pretty rough. 

Not to mention, given the teenager's conditioner now, it seems the rebellious streak started before the incident. 

Because everything was told from Kylan's point of view, Jia Hyson isn't sure of the complete accuracy of his story. 

As a vampire in such a high-status noble family, he knew a little bit more about St Lailah's Academy system. St Lailah's was an objectively very amazing school. You needed more than money to get in, and for humans, the enrolment exams were even more strict. Even if Kylan was smart, his EQ and general attitude were very bad. He would've definitely failed the formal interview without any backer. 

A turned vampire couldn't do much, or really anything at all, but Count Vericus was another matter. This alone proved that no matter how unsightly the relationship was, the Count's feelings for the mistress must be extremely good to shove in such a bad-tempered human into the prestigious academy at the risk of his reputation. 

Of course, there was the matter of Kylan's strange physique, which was a bit suspicious, but it was more a dropped plot point that went nowhere. Kylan's physique became a big plot hole that many criticised to only serve in making the teenager a more capable supporting male lead throughout the book.

Either way, even if Count Vericus could help Kylan in, that didn't mean he could necessarily protect him in the academy. He threw the angry little fish into the best pond, but while it had good resources, there were also far more rivals and predators at hand as well.

Vampires looked down on him, and many allies of the Vericus and the wife of Count Vericus hated him. Not to mention the Vericus family members themselves. And humans, once they hear he was a poor boy who climbed up because his sister was a successful gold-digging little three, also distanced themselves from him. It was already considered polite if they gave him a bad attitude.

But a teenager was more sensitive and aware than a child and more unrestrained and easy to provoke than an adult. Neither Kylan nor the other parties involved wanted to make friends, and they continued to repel each other until this point, from dislike to mutual hatred.

After Jessica helps him despite how awful he treated her, Kylan was willing to change and slowly become a loyal dog, maturing under the eyes of the readers and earning a lot of points in their hearts. 

However, this loyal dog was currently a beaten mutt, sitting on the floor of a taxi in a very embarrassing state.

Beep

"Sorry, I'm pretty busy tonight."

Beep

"This number is unavailable at this moment-"

Beep

"Uh, I don't think we're that close, sorry."

Beep

"Kylan? Whose that?"

Jia Hyson: '...'

As the number of numbers Jia Hyson dialled grew bigger, Kylan's face became gloomier and gloomier. There was no way Jia Hyson didn't feel awkward as the young man's perception of his friendship and his self-esteem took blow after blow, indirectly due to his actions. This was probably worse than encouraging someone to throw a party only for nobody to show up. After all, at least the host of the party hadn't been beaten until not even their mothers couldn't recognise them.

Jia Hyson couldn't bear it, and even the taxi driver, who had a bit of a nosy temperament, also couldn't bear it. By the sixth rejected call, the driver had put up the glass partition, making Kylan flush in embarrassment. 

He was poor; his negative, blunt temperament and his intellect made it difficult to make friends with most of his classmates, and maybe also because of arrogance and lack of self-awareness, he most likely offended a lot of people. In the end, he ended up hanging around with an unsavoury crowd, feeling only the rebels understand his mindset.

However, clearly, it seems the people he treated as friends did not take him to heart. 

Jia Hyson felt sympathetic and sorry for Kylan, such a thing would really send a person into depression, it was no wonder his personality became so abrasive in the future. At the same time though, he also couldn't help but be a bit disdainful. After all, he had always had a good sense of measure, EQ and wit, so making friends and creating good impressions. Jia Hyson only had trouble maintaining friendships, and that was only because he grew bored and didn't like investing his emotional energy to so many people, especially when he deemed them both boring and useless. 

So looking at this young man who couldn't even secure a single good brother, there was a natural sense of condescension and pity born from a sense of superiority. Humans were social animals, it was fine if you didn't like to socialise, but if you don't even have the basic abilities of a social animal unless you are greatly talented in another area or born with gold in your mouth, life will not treat you well.

Jia Hyson was pragmatic and only gave kindness when he felt kind. But in the face of incapability and stubborn stupidity, he was too lazy to give a good face. The current Kylan was messy, dirty, and didn't seem so useful. Even if Jia Hyson gave him a comforting smile, his heart was full of calculations, weighing if it was really worth the effort of making friends.

Kylan's main benefit was the fact he should be handsome under his current slovenly appearance, and there was some weight to the fact he would be an important supporting character. However, both were not very vital things to help further Jia Hyson's interests; the only thing that made Jia Hyson truly reluctant was the other's silver eyes.

It was a little irritating to be so unwilling because of something like this. But after so many worlds and meeting different shard holders who he developed high levels of affection for, it would be inevitable there will be an emotional association to seeing another shard holder. Jia Hyson could only reluctantly admit to himself that he might always be partial to them despite his intentions to treat them as separate individuals. 

 Still, he was a little resistant at heart with this new budding self-awareness, and even subconsciously wanted to do things to deny it like kick Kylan out of the cab and drive off. As a fickle man who was given an infinite amount of opportunities thanks to the Beta System how could he always be coaxed to hang onto one tree every time? 

 Swallowing down his small but growing dissatisfaction to look over at a later time, Jia Hyson puts on a pleasant and serene smile and looks at Kylan with an encouraging look, "Is there anyone else?"

Kylan hesitates. Glancing at this stranger who had patiently gone through all these numbers with him, he felt beyond mortified. While there didn't seem to be any mockery on her behalf but that didn't mean he didn't have any for himself. 

In fact Kylan silently wishes there was something in the girl's expression that was wrong, impatience, disgust, anything but this kindness. That way he could at least direct his anger somewhere else instead of himself. Sitting there, with so many good brothers not willing to give him a place to stay for the night, Kylan couldn't help but feel alone and ashamed.

His heart clenches. 

 There was still one person left. 

 "The only number I can think of is, XXX XXX XXX, her name is Olivia."

Jia Hyson raises his eyebrow at the name but plays dumb. "Girlfriend?" 

Kylan coughs awkwardly. "My sister..."

 Giving him a strange expression, Jia Hyson put his attention to dialling in the number.

Kylan, understanding her look, bowed his head and smiled bitterly. He didn't say it at the start because, well, he had been afraid of facing what he already suspects.

"The number you have dialled is now unavailable. Please leave a message after the beep... beep!"

The young man chuckles and sneers, hiding the pain of his heart which once again had fallen from its expectations, "Never mind, I didn't she would come anyway."

Jia Hyson was too lazy to interfere with Kylan's family matters. He pats the teenager's head with some sympathy but his words are very pragmatic, brushing over the awkwardness with the current problem that needed to be addressed, "That's fine. Is there anybody else? Anywhere you can go?"

Silence.

Jia Hyson sighs. Well, there's no point in doing good deeds half-heartedly, and it wasn't like he would suffer too much. Besides, after more or less confirming this young man was most likely a shard, he had some inherent goodwill toward him. "If you're comfortable with it, you can stay with me temporarily. I'll be in Grey City for a few days, so you can use that to rest up and recuperate the best you can."

Kylan's head shot upwards, his bright silver eyes wide with surprise. Jia Hyson's gaze lingers on those eyes for a moment before giving the other a sweet and arrogant smile. "You might as well say yes because I won't take no for an answer ah-"

The teenager stares in a daze at Jia Hyson before quickly bowing his head down, hiding his face with his bangs again. 

Kylan pinches his thigh to try quell his excited heart. 

Ah, ah, ah! How can someone be so lovely???

"T-thank you." The teenager stutters out. Because of his position, the brightness of his eyes and red face was more or less blocked from view. To Jia Hyson, he seemed even more pitiful. 

Jia Hyson sighs and pats the young man's head again. Right now, Kylan is like an abandoned dog who was offered food after a few days of living on the streets. Battered enough after experiencing the hardships alone but not so worn down that he had lost the trust in people that he had when he was a little house puppy. Looking at the attitude, there wasn't even a trace of suspicion or doubt. Really not like Da Gong at all. Really... dumb.

But still, pretty cute ah.

Bebe: 'Asking out of pure curiosity, why do you like idiots so much? Is it because you need a partner to which you could feel intellectually superior to, and you only have this and literal animals as options?'

Jia Hyson: '...Fuck, can you speak more human!?'

Bebe: 'Sorry Bebe only speaks system.   If you weren't such a dumbass, you would know that.' 

Jia Hyson:  

Ignoring his poisonous system, Jia Hyson continues to pat the teenager's head. It didn't feel good at all since Kylan was dirty, sweaty and had rolled around the street floors. The hair was a bit oily, dry and rough in places. But the act was soothing enough to pass the time.

The person being petted like a dog had gone completely rigid. As if afraid to scare away the girl's touch, Kylan even held his breath the best he could.

It had been a long time since he had been treated so warmly. 

The taxi driver was a local, but he was not blackhearted; there were no strange turns or twists to fool the customers into paying a higher fare price, so the drive did not take too long. From the dead and dark streets to a more lively and bright area, Jia Hyson clicks his tongue as he sees the open stores and malls. While not as good as other cities, it was maybe because of that there were many eyeing Grey City as a place of development or a place to flaunt wealth more easily. 

After all, in cities like Gold city, a brand name bag was as common as vegetables in a market, but in Grey city, it was an unthinkable extravagance to many. If you are a family that is vain and somewhat well off, it is not bad to move to the heart of Grey city and bask in the envy while not compromising their lifestyle too much. One will attract another, and to be honest, there were a few factors, but most astute people could predict that Grey City may be completely revitalised in two decades or so if things go well. 

As for the poor families living there? Well, they could get lucky and rise up during the changes, or they'll just get even poorer. It was a bit harsh to say, but if you didn't have the skills and the luck to grasp an opportunity to leave, it's more or less determined the next few generations will continue to live in the slums as well. This was a brainless vampire romance plot, but the economic gap and vicious cycle of poverty were still as prevalent as ever. 

Jia Hyson recalls the strip club he used for his character's awakening. Mentally he reminds himself again to send money to them once he sees a post office. There were many cities and many districts. To be honest, the chances of going back to the club before he is deemed a fully independent adult vampire is not high, and by the time he reaches that age, it is hard to say who will still be alive to remember him by then. 

Since he had some gratitude and wasn't lacking in money, he sends a letter to the softhearted strip club and bar owner Charlie nearly every time he goes out. Personally, Jia Hyson liked the people well enough, but the connection was not deep, in his opinion. If it was himself, he would give a few letters and gifts and then proceed to neglect the relationship more or less. 

But Alaric, at least the character of Alaric Jia Hyson has interpreted, was different. He would cherish this relationship with his heart, so Jia Hyson made sure to do his best to replicate the behaviour. While censoring a few things, he passed on witty anecdotes and small stories, each letter full of care. The writing is neither boring nor perfunctory but intimate and familiar, with not a small amount of money being stuffed inside every time. 

It was a bit of a chore, but it grew to be a bit of a habit over time. Who knows, maybe they'll really meet again one day.

The YY hotel in Grey City was probably one of the most gorgeous buildings in the city. It wasn't the most extravagant branch of course, but compared to the other buildings, the amount of money thrown at it was probably a hundred times more. There was a large water fountain in the front, lights everywhere, and valets waiting for any oncoming cars to show off the best customer service. Glancing at it, Jia Hyson simply praised it in his heart. Pretty good-looking ah.

If Jia Hyson was mildly appreciative, Kylan felt like he was in a whole other world. During the rest of the ride, he kept his head down and didn't move, missing most of the passing scenery. Once Jia Hyson stopped petting him, he instinctively lifted his head in vague dissatisfaction only to be immediately blown away by the bright and clean extravagance of the YY Hotel.

It is not like he had not seen the richer areas of Grey City, it was just that Kylan didn't have the confidence to go much further, only seeing at a distance with a sense of awe and envy. When he was a child he and his sister visited once. 

What comes to mind of that trip was not the riches and glamour of the wealthy, but the disdainful eyes and sneers. Maybe his sister saw opportunity and beauty, but the young Kylan only felt lower than a particularly dirty bug. Insecure and yearning, he often looked at the skyline and admired the grand buildings, the YY hotel was particularly outstanding to the eye, but he was also ashamed and a little scared.

As the taxi door opens, he sees the handsome, well-dressed bellhop bow respectfully. The bellhop gestures to a small flight of well-lit marble stairs lined with lush pot plants and even more handsome staff waiting. Kylan felt lost. His breath subconsciously picked up, getting faster and more desperate, as if even the air around here disdained to be close to his dirty presence. 

Even though he was so old now, Kylan could still feel those gazes from the past imprinted onto his skin. While a logical part of him tried to assure him, it was as if his mind was encased in a fuzzy fog, unable to process things like he could do so easily before, filling him with more anxiety. It was like he could only comprehend the distance between himself and this land of luxury was, abusing his esteem with every new detail supplied to his brain.

The entrance was a revolving door, a thing he had only seen on television before. With a gold rim, and made of glass, it was easy to see with just a look that the decadence outside the hotel could not even compare with the inside. Kylan could see the glass chandeliers, the velvet carpeting, and a beautifully elaborate yellow rose centrepiece that was prettier than anything he's ever seen. 

"Hey," Jia Hyson who had stepped out, and walked a few steps, quickly noticed his new mutt hadn't followed behind. A little confused, he turned back and saw Kylan still on the taxi floor, huddled into himself. Seeing the pitiful appearance, silver eyes glazed and timid, Jia Hyson didn't even realise it until he was already squatting in front of the teenager, regardless of his image. 

Kylan blinks and focuses on him, his forehead shiny with sweat. 

"Kylan, right?" Jia Hyson pats the other's head again, much firmer than previously. Jia Hyson could tell this young man was having some sort of attack. While he isn't sure of the trigger, he knew a little bit about how to handle it though he wasn't well versed, admittedly. "Hey, just breathe in and out with me ah. Deep breaths, focus on my hand, it's okay..."

Under the soothing and somewhat familiar voice, Kylan's breath followed the calm instructions and regained some clarity after a minute or so. Jia Hyson was a little surprised at how fast the recovery was. However he wasn't familiar with these sorts of things, and Kylan was a supporting male lead, after all, injury logic didn't really apply too much.

Thinking about it, Jia Hyson finally stops petting him again and puts his hand out to Kylan in a position like asking a dog to shake his paw. "Don't worry, you're safe with me ah-" He smiles and winks playfully. 

With the bright lights of the hotel behind Jia Hyson gently illuminating his appearance, Kylan suddenly felt that he was wrong before. 

This person in front of him was clearly the prettiest sight he had ever seen. 



Still a bit sluggish, both in mind and body, Kylan unfurls himself, taking the offered hand obediently and clumsily crawls out of the taxi. As he stepped out, his weak and numb legs nearly gave out, making him lean heavily onto Jia Hyson.

If he wasn't a vampire, Jia Hyson would've really suffered with his delicate build. 

"Miss, do you need me to-?" The bellhop who had been patiently waiting this whole time finally stepped in. To be honest, the bellhop felt he also was on the verge of a panic attack. This was his first night and first shift of the job, and he already wanted to cry.

The bellhop was also a slum person, because of his good face he managed to successfully sell misery and work in a small department store around the more wealthy districts in Grey city. Working hard he managed to not only be promoted to sales assistant, a manager from the YY hotel even poached him. Even though he was just a bellhop here, the salary plus benefits was far more generous than even being an assistant manager in his previous department store was so he had been very happy to jump ship. 

However now that he started training, the bellhop realised he thought too beautifully. His good face became average among the sea of beauties and the people here were ones you couldn't even afford to disrespect or make them feel even the slightest disrespect. Therefore he can only rely on hard work, a good attitude and opportunity to rise up.

The best way is to get recommendations and appreciation from big fish.

However dreams were beautiful but reality was ugly. The first time he gets to personally open the door, the people inside were not even adults but children. Teenagers at best. 

The little girl was fine, but the boy was not only clearly from the slums but also looked beaten and poorly treated. And then he got a panic attack and refused to get out of the car causing the little girl to have to coax him out while other taxis start to line up behind them. 

This sort of anxiety was almost comparable to when he was left in line with bags of food at the grocery store by his mother with no money at hand. 

Unknowing of the bellhop's emotional stress, Jia Hyson gives the man a once over and silently gives him a good evaluation. Good face, nice proportions, kind voice, shouldn't be too big, looks bendable, very cute. If he kicks out Kylan a few days before he leaves he can maybe get rid of his virginity with this pretty boy.

Jia Hyson gives him a cute smile and puts on a strong facade, "No, no, thank you big brother- My cousin is quite thin and light, there's no trouble!" He meets the young bellhop's line of sight before quickly averting his eyes and blushes shyly, "I mean, you look so good, and it would be shame for someone as handsome as you to get your uniform dirty..."

Bellhop: '...' What am I supposed to help carry then?

Kylan: '...' Why am I suddenly feeling a great sense of unease?

Bebe: '...' When will this day ever end?

Jia Hyson: '...' How come it's so awkward? Is it because I don't fully understand the art of flirting as a girl? 

Jia Hyson was indeed objectively very pretty, and his appearance gave the impression that he shouldn't be too old but too young either. Unfortunately preferences are preferences. And his slim figure and Asian features was not as appreciated in this period of time in this country, where it was more typically 'beautiful' to be big breasted, long legs and blonde. At the very least, the bellhop had no ideas about him at all.

Not someone who will push when he senses a lack of attraction, Jia Hyson shrugs and doesn't pursue further. It's okay, there will be others. He still hopes to find someone to play around with before he has to go the academy but he wasn't desperate either. Besides, it was too ugly to pester someone clearly uninterested. 

Coughing he puts on a more polite smile, "Anyway, I only brought my backpack. I really am okay, but if you could help steady my friend for a moment that will be great."

The bellhop really didn't take the previous words to mind and opened his arms wordlessly. 

Kylan who was still a bit dull, understood what was happening and resisted greatly in his heart. "N-no need." Gritting his teeth he pinches him thigh to wake up his nerves and steadies himself to stand up. Lifting his head up, he shakily but proudly sneers. "I'm fine."

The bellhop lowered his arms, and Jia Hyson nods before going off to pay the driver, neither particularly impressed. 

Kylan: '...' 

Embarrassed at his foolish actions, Kylan timidly shrinks into himself again.

'This one is a little unstable ah,' Bebe lightly comments while Jia Hyson counts out a few notes for the driver. 'Not that you've never had an unstable one before but usually you made them that way.'

Jia Hyson rolls his eyes. 

"Miss this is too much..." The taxi driver hesitates before giving back over half the money reluctantly. 

"It's okay, I can afford it." Jia Hyson waves it off, "Think of it as your tip."

The driver doesn't argue anymore and gratefully accepts it. There was over two hundred dollars given to him, the actual fare was only about forty-five dollars. Thanking the little girl profusely for the generosity he happily drives off.

The bellhop who saw this immediately straightened his back and swore he must also make a good impression and cling on to this small golden thigh! Such a good tipper, if the others knew it would be like a throwing a big bloody steak into the savannah. 

Not daring to even slack in his attentiveness, the bellhop hovers around the pair, eager to serve. Jia Hyson knew it was the money talking, but he still felt insanely pleased seeing the cute bellhop look at him so eagerly. Subconsciously he straightened his back, held his head a bit higher and swayed his hips as he trotted to the hotel, like a proud little peacock.

Ever since he entered this world his narcissism seemed to have increased boundlessly, Jia Hyson suspected Alaric may have actually been deeply enamoured by his own appearance. That's probably why, on top of asking for people to accept him in his side mission, he also chose to explicitly ask for praise as well.

Kylan watches the confident way the girl struts ahead of him, the handsome bellhop fawning over her, and the magnificent background. Everything seemed to fit perfectly into one lavish and opulent painting. 

Everything but himself of course. 

Self-consciously he hugs himself as he quietly walks behind the two, wanting to take up as little space as possible. Kylan smiles bitterly at his own discomfort. He really didn't belong here.

"Hey, what are you doing be so slow ah-" Jia Hyson calls out playfully as he notices the growing gap between the teenager and himself. While he was smiling, inwardly he felt a little irritated. After all, people were watching and the distance was not too far. Still, while he didn't empathise he sympathised and had some understanding of Kylan's anxiety and inferiority issues. 

Patiently he coaxes Kylan gently, not pointing out anything wrong, and slipping his hand into his own, tugging him teasingly, and affectionately. 

Kylan immediately wanted to retract his grimy hand, but feeling his hand being squeezed so reassuringly by soft, cold fingers he stopped himself and felt a little distressed. The little girl's hands were so cold, he had been too busy immersed in himself and didn't consider how she was standing in the cold waiting for him. Because of his body he didn't even realise how fast the temperature had dropped until he became aware.

He squeezes back tentatively, earning another dazzling smile from the girl again.

Seeing that the timid mutt became docile again, Jia Hyson felt relieved. Even if he was annoyed, he had already took responsibility of this guy until he recovers a little. Therefore if Kylan showed another sign of mental resistance Jia Hyson had already made up an excuse to leave and go find a more low-key hotel to settle in. 

Bebe who felt its host's emotional fluctuations couldn't help but sigh in its heart. The system had watched over Jia Hyson for a long time and it could see why so many people were infatuated with the man. 

After all, when Jia Hyson was interested, he could be incredibly considerate and thoughtful. Even if it was a bit of a hassle he would be willing to go an extra step to make his partner more comfortable. If he has contrasting opinions Jia Hyson was willing to communicate clearly and consider compromises. And while he had many judgements about many things, even if he personally didn't care he would try to understand the other and exert the effort to pretend to care on their behalf. 

Even if the care wasn't genuine it was sincere enough. This sort of warm doting feeling, full of support and quiet understanding, was like the addicting feeling of soaking in a warm bubble bath after a long and tiring day. No matter the real thoughts of Jia Hyson, the good feeling he can provide was undeniable. Unfortunately like a bath, the water eventually cools down and forces you to leave reluctantly. 

Jia Hyson finally checked in. With the card Mr Garth provided him, he was swiftly admitted to the penthouse suite with the utmost respect. It didn't matter that he had the appearance of a child or that he was bringing a scruffy teenage boy behind him, the moment the card came out it was like Jia Hyson had transformed into a living golden statue. 

Even if many of the lower-levelled staff were confused, the manager and the older staff's sudden change in behaviour made them not dare to look down on the pair. 

The bellhop was also befuddled, but quickly understood this little girl was not just rich but had a status that no one here could afford to offend. He felt both giddy and nervous, as long as he can make a good impression and please this little gold master, he definitely won't suffer from it. 

After all, the YY hotel was quite well-known for good-looking rich socialites and other high class individuals taking an interest in staff and raising them. While the details weren't exactly clear, everyone agreed that those lucky staff's lives had been completely changed. 

As people who live in Grey City, how could anyone pass such an opportunity up. It didn't matter if it was a companion to an old man, or a spoiled child who wanted them as a servant, they all sincerely felt this was better than the almost constant fear of going back to the slum-like environment of the outskirts of this city.

Suddenly the bellhop wished to run to the mirror to make sure he was at his handsomest and check his breath, after all if nothing else, his high face value in combination with an impeccable service attitude should make him a little memorable. 

Unfortunately the bellhop was a bit too naive and there was many bellhops and male staff already thinking of the same thing. In the near future Jia Hyson will leave the hotel with the strange impression that the YY hotel was full of handsome if slightly incredibly desperate idol-level men. 

Future Jia Hyson: I... am definitely coming back (-)b

Bebe: Damn, it's less a vision like sharks to blood and more like a school of silly fish to a waiting shark ah. 

Kylan was probably the most bewildered out of all of them. Even if he was smart, his life experience was really limited. The girl who helped him in that dirty alley not only brought him to one of the biggest hotels in the area but has also boldly revealed to be some sort of VIP as well. 

It really made him feel he was a little pitiful bullied poor heroine who had been picked up by a handsome rich CEO who had been coincidentally walking past. 

Kylan takes another peek at the girl in question. Even though she was undeniably shorter and more petite than himself, Kylan could see the other's confidence and self-assurance under the hotel lights. Sensing his gaze, the girl turns around and winks at him, making him blush for the nth time that night. 

...oh no, for a second he thought he wouldn't mind being the heroine in this story. U,,,,U

As they reached the suite, Jia Hyson was too lazy to call for room service and just asked the bellhop for three steaks, two medium rare and one rare, almost blue steak, with a large side of fries, three panini sandwich breads, some pickles, and a platter of sauces. The bellhop nods eagerly, not at all unhappy about taking on an order technically outside his job description. 

Jia Hyson smiles, and pulls out two hundred dollar bills and presses into the bellboy's hand. "Thank you-" He glances at the name tag for the first time. "Henry."

Henry smiles brightly in response, "It's a pleasure Miss-?"

After all, the moment she passed along Mr Garth's VIP card, nobody even thought to ask for her name. Henry wanted to build a good rapport with this rich little miss but he didn't even know how to call her, even her silent companion was no help.

Kylan also glances curiously at her. He was also very interested in this.

"Jasmine Liu," Jia Hyson lies smoothly. He had already thought of his fake name ever since he considered the possibility of temporarily bringing Kylan in. If he uses his online pseudonym it would easy for him to adapt and respond quickly, and Liu was a very common chinese surname. It wasn't foolproof by any means, but Jia Hyson knew it was better to keep a lie simple then overthink and overcomplicate things.

Both young men write the name down in their hearts, full of different emotions as they do.

Entering the suite, Kylan couldn't help but breathe out a gasp of awe. How could this be considered a room? This suite was more like an entire house was stuffed inside. An incredibly expensive one at that. 

Jia Hyson who was used to riches took a few glances around and nods approvingly before taking his backpack and looking for the bedroom. 

Kylan stares a little dazzled at the open layout of the luxurious but elegant living room, the large screen television, the multiple couches, and even a simple kitchen with a dining room that came with a complimentary fully stocked mini bar. However no matter how amazing this small little world of the rich was, it could not compare to the girl who brought him here in the first place, and he quickly scampers to follow her.

"There only seems to be one bedroom," Jia Hyson gestures helplessly to the opening of the room when Kylan arrives by his side, revealing a spacious room with a large king-sized but ultimately single bed. 

It seems that the even the quality of Grey City's YY Hotel also lacked a little in comparison to other branches. While some penthouse suites are one bedroom, generally it's indicated to differentiate between those with suites with more bedrooms. The fact that they didn't meant they only had one bedroom penthouse suite tsk.

"I-I will take the couch." Kylan immediately volunteers with a slight stutter, blushing again as his mind wandered a little looking at that large bed. 

Jia Hyson, noticing his straying gaze laughs but accepts the suggestion without a fuss. "Really sensible ah. I will request a blanket and more pillows when the room service comes." 

The couch quality is good anyway, Kylan wouldn't suffer from it. Not to mention, Jia Hyson was pretending to be female right now, and would not give himself any unnecessary inconveniences nor will he wrong himself and sleep on the couch himself. 

Kylan: A bit disappointed.   

Fortunately while there wasn't two bedrooms there was at least two bathrooms, one connected to the living space and one connected to the bedroom. Shooing the other to clean himself, Jia Hyson also rushed to enjoy his own shower. The best thing of living in hotels in his opinion was having supremely satisfying and long, hot showers while using up all the free soaps and other things. 

Seeing the large shower head, the assortment of little bottles of things, and the fluffy towels, Jia Hyson grinned and stripped off quickly- though not before posing and admiring his appearance one last time. 

Aiyah, who told him to be such a cutie-? One less glance at his beauty is a glance wasted on something else after all.

Bebe: _ 

Turning on the shower, Jia Hyson groans loudly at the water pressure and hot water hitting his bare skin. Sometimes he felt a good shower was just as pleasurable as sex, or at least the satisfying feeling of stretching out your stiff back muscles. And since he hasn't had the opportunity to have real sex yet and his vampiric body made it mercifully difficult to get muscle pains.

Sadly he still had a big mutt waiting on him, so he couldn't fully enjoy himself and reluctantly left the shower after ten minutes. 

Looking at the fogged up bathroom mirror, Jia Hyson wiped the mist from the surface and frowns slightly as he thought of something. 

The alleyway where he found Kylan was dark and Jia Hyson would be honestly surprised if the teenager's vision wasn't severely compromised due to this given the state of his face, and long bangs. However it was different if he was keeping the other around for a few days. Kylan would inevitably see him without anything impairing his vision and will therefore have a very high chance of recognising him in the future at the vampire academy. 

Since Jia Hyson was willing to use the Forget Me So perfume if needed, but he should still do something to tweak his appearance. After all, under the assumption of the small chance that the Forget Me So fragrance was completely ineffective to Kylan's physique or he just chooses not to use the perfume, this was just a good secondary safety measure. 

Fortunately he had a very good skill for this.

[Hair Control]

Sadly, the skill didn't have all the abilities and conveniences as when he was a ghost, due to the restrictions of this world. But as compensation it serves as a great disguise skill, able to alter his hairstyle, length and coloration. Of course the colours can only be in the natural range of hair but it was enough.

While Jia Hyson didn't dare to alter his hair drastically as it may raise eyebrows, his unique curved bangs which followed the curve of his forehead was a bit too eye-catching and recognisable, not to mention the combination of black hair and bright blue eyes. 

Touching his hair, he activates [Hair Control]. Black lightens to a dark brown, lengthening a little into a short bob that curled at the edges. His bangs, which was originally curved became a simple and straight line across his forehead. 

The changes weren't too drastic to feel there was too much of a difference after transitioning from darker to brighter lighting, but at the same time it was obviously different to his original appearance. If the teenager saw him later at the academy, it is undeniable he will have some doubts since he couldn't change his face. But as a human, he would most likely only dismiss it as meeting a doppelgnger with the same face or a possible close relative. 

Satisfied, Jia Hyson puts on a cute cotton mid-length long-sleeved night gown with lace trim and a simple pattern of tiny roses and trots out of the bathroom. As expected, Kylan was already out, sitting awkwardly on one of the living room couches with a fluffy bathrobe wrapped around him. When he saw Jia Hyson, he gave a double take and gave a faint look of puzzlement as he rubs his eye but quickly accepts it after Jia Hyson gave him a smile, acting like nothing was wrong. 

"The food is already here," Kylan clears his throat, mustering the courage to start the conversation. "I already asked the bellhop to get extra blankets and pillows too." He looks up at Jia Hyson, and Jia Hyson could practically see the doggy ears and tail, perked up and waiting for praise.

Smiling, he pats the other's head again, "You're great-" he compliments sincerely. It was always good to have a nice house trained dog then a real messy stray. Not that he wouldn't mind trying to raise one, it was just there was a limited timeframe after all and Jia Hyson intends to relax.

Kylan ducks his head shyly. "Thanks." He mutters. 

"If you can, use the hotel phone and dial room service to get you some basic clothes." Jia Hyson orders comfortably before sauntering toward the food. "Don't worry you just have to ask them and they'll agree ah."

"I see!" Kylan nods obediently and scurries to find a phone. There were a few around, and one of them was by the tv in the living area so it wouldn't take too long. The main thing was he had never been to a hotel before and was not familiar with how to dial room service. However he felt stupid if he went to ask Jasmine about something that must be so obvious to him, so he took a few minutes to figure it out and then muster the courage to call.

The penthouse suite had a small kitchen as part of the open floor plan, and it was easy to keep an eye on Kylan from there. Jia Hyson chuckles and felt a bit like a parent giving their kid a small task for the first time, glancing at Kylan to make sure he was doing okay and not on the verge of anxious tears. Seeing that he had figured out how to use the phone and was just psyching himself up, Jia Hyson focuses on the things in the kitchen.

In the kitchen it seems the staff had shown exemplary consideration. Everything was set out on the kitchen table with an assortment of cutlery such as steak knives, butter knives and so on. Even though it wasn't requested, there was also a dessert platter of small cakes, chocolates, cheeses, crackers and fruit. 

Snatching a small cube of brownie he plopped it into his mouth, smiling into the rich and moist taste of sweet dark brownie, slightly chewy and still warm. As he savors the flavor and mouth feel, Jia Hyson rolls up his sleeves and starts to slice the steaks. 

Yes, he planned to make steak sandwiches. Why? Because he was simply craving it ah.  

It had been a long time since he personally made anything but sandwiches were quick and easy, plus he had the [Burger Prince] skill that directly boosted the taste value of any sandwich type meal he makes. At level 1 his sandwiches were 10% more delicious than usual, at level 2 they was a 12.5% improvement and now that his skill reached level 3, the taste was boosted by 15% and even had a slight health boost effect too. 

Jia Hyson wasn't enthusiastic enough to actively improve this skill but whenever he craved sandwiches that weren't too much effort to make, he would choose to do it himself to brush up more experience points. [Burger Prince] was a fun and slightly useful skill the more you level it up and he was a little curious on the deliciousness that would come from a sandwich using the evolved skill [Burger King]. 

Even if he loves his national cuisine, he always viewed himself an international gourmet who enjoyed all sorts of things. And honestly, hundreds of years of ancient china really turned him off a little from chinese food, and he was currently in the phase of loving western and other exotic cuisines. 

Spreading on some hot mustard and sweet onion relish onto the flat surface of the toasted panini bread, which had been cut open like a hot dog bun, he layers cheese, and the leafy greens of the side salad of the steak dish. Then he places slices of the steak on top, adds pickles, a bit of jalapeo for spice and finally spreads a thin layer of truffle mayonnaise on the other side of the panini bun.

As politeness for his guest, the first sandwich was for Kylan who had already ordered the clothes for himself and was now waiting and watching Jia Hyson make the food at the table with shiny eyes. Jia Hyson hums and hands over a piece of steak to Kylan which he shyly bites down on making Jia Hyson smile wildly albeit slightly perversely. Ah, really like a dog, so cute.

Once the sandwich was finished and passed to Kylan, the young man looked at it hungrily but didn't move. 

"It's okay, you can eat it before it gets cold," Jia Hyson kindly prompts him.

Kylan shakes his head firmly though, "No, I want to wait for you!" He declines with a faint fierce determination, but quickly the growling dog once again became a timid pup as he added a soft, "Please?" to the end of the sentence.

It was a little funny and cute, if a bit distressing. 

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, the dog even knows the command 'stay'. He's not bad.'

The first sandwich was made a little slowly as he had to taste the different sauces to determine the best combinations to match with the meat, trying to include something fresh, creamy and a salty element that didn't overpower each other and still let the juicy meat flavour prevail in your mouth.

However once it was settled, Jia Hyson quickly threw together the other two and soon both of them were tearing into their meal with great gusto. 

The panini bread was toasted, giving it a satisfying crunch before making way to warm fluffy bread that helped soak the juices of the meat that mad mixed in the with the sweet-tangy onion relish, the creaminess of mayonnaise and the addicting sharpness of mustard that supported the faint spicy heat of randomly scattered jalapeos. Even the salad was crisp and fresh, clearing up some of the heaviness of the dish. 

Kylan felt his eyes go hot. It was the first time he had tasted something so generously full of meat not to mention so incredibly delicious. He had also observed the thought and deliberation Jasmine had put into making it, and had never seen anyone put so much care into a meal.

Kylan simply felt this was the best sandwich in the world! 

Seeing the other enthusiastically consume his meal, Jia Hyson felt very comfortable. After all, he had a weakness for praise that had only gotten stronger in this world, so how could he not feel pleased seeing someone enjoy something he made? Sipping some coconut water he took from the mini fridge. 

To make the other feel more comfortable, Jia Hyson made a bit of small talk. Kylan was clearly very self-conscious about his identity and background, not to mention he was still tired and injured, so Jia Hyson took it upon himself to undertake most of the conversation and chat a little about himself.

He didn't say anything specific, just that due to his living situation his parents weren't around often and he has developed a sense of independence, enjoying short trips to nearby cities. He told a few stories about other places, witty little things, and impressive things he had seen. Kylan was deeply enthralled as he ate his food, eyes bright with longing and envy.

But as said before, Kylan was tired and injured, so even if he wanted to listen to more, he was already unable to stop yawning once he finished eating. Jia Hyson glances at his phone and can see it's already technically morning. "I have some ointment for your bruises," Jia Hyson says calmly as he stands up and takes their empty plates, "You get ready for bed and I'll come round in a few minutes."

"It's not that late though..." Kylan protests before yawning again.

Jia Hyson rolls his eyes and lightly pokes his head as he walks around him. "Hey, even I'm tired, this little beauty needs her beauty sleep you know ah-"

Kylan grumbles a little but also quickly helps clear the table which further improved Jia Hyson's impression of him. After all, everyone loves a good guest willing to help clean up. Of course Jia Hyson was too lazy to be a good host and deny the other's efforts, so they quickly put the dirty plates to the side and covered the half finished dessert platter with a cloche. 

Sending him to the couches to go rearrange it to his liking with the new blankets and pillows that had come alongside a few bags of clothing during dinner. Jia Hyson sighs and watches him idly while drinking a glass of water.

Well, it would be fun to play fairy godmother for the week he supposes. Plus when he gives Kylan a makeover he can serve as eye candy if nothing else.

'...' Bebe's silence was, as usual, speaking volumes of judgement. 

Jia Hyson rolls his eyes again but this time far more sarcastically. 'What? I'm not going to do anything... unless he wants me to ehehehe.' After internally laughing pervertedly, even Jia Hyson felt a bit embarrassed and coughs awkwardly. 

Jia Hyson wasn't really serious. To be honest, the other seemed quite young. Well, appearance-wise, the guy looked like he belonged in the seventeen to eighteen age range, but a lot of teenage boys tend to look older than their current age once they get their growth spurts, not to mention his rather skinny body also made it a bit difficult to get an estimate on. The injured teenager was at least a head taller than himself. Probably taller if he wasn't always slumping. 

But also, well, he wasn't very tall to begin with so it wasn't really much comparison. 

Ah, even if he knows physically he is very young, and he grows slowly, Jia Hyson deeply resents height difference. 

Bebe: 'Well, in fairness... Silas and the other male vampires roughly your age or younger are taller than you as well.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Fuck, that's true too. Damn that's really annoying to hear though. 

Inwardly he calculated Kylan's age with his fingers. 

He appears in the second book which was the second year of high school, which was 10th grade. During that time Alaric and Prince Silas would be in the last year at St Lailah's. Jia Hyson will enter the academy soon, so in four years time Kylan would be at least fifteen...

Jia Hyson snaps his head up in alarm, expression becoming ugly. No, wait, fuck, he's eleven? That can't be right!? Then why the fuck does Kylan look like a seventeen year old??

It's understandable if he was fourteen or even thirteen, but eleven really felt too exaggerated. While he admits he had a terrible ability to guess someone's age he felt like he shouldn't be this bad. What is this generation eating? How terrifying!

Could it be.. 'Bebe, is this related to the secret of his body?' Jia Hyson felt like this was the best explanation. It was definitely a big plot point hinted throughout a lot of the story but got dropped for other matters. 

'This...' Bebe was also a bit of a loss. As it was an undisclosed plot point related to a big mystery that never got solved, the information wasn't available and even deliberately concealed to the system. 

This doesn't happen all the time, after all Bebe had the [World Encyclopaedia] Skill so a lot of secret untold background knowledge is accessible to it. But sometimes certain facts that the world's consciousness and heavenly path think would be better to be discovered naturally would be hidden or strongly recommended to figure out yourself. In fact, it was actually one of the side missions that Jia Hyson never bothered to look at- Finding the secret of Kylan Laframboise's body. 

Still that didn't mean it didn't have any information, 'While Bebe personally thinks that it's certainly a factor, but Bebe also believes that it's attributed to the fact that the characters of this sort of western romance worlds tend to... mature faster.'

Jia Hyson: ...

Thinking about it now, Jia Hyson realises that the awkward 'tween' phase where it was still obvious you were still more child than teenager was barely apparent at all in the older children he had seen in this world. Before he didn't really think too much of it. After all he knew vampires mature into teenagers quickly before stagnating their growth phases, and they were almost always good-looking no matter the age. Taller, prettier, usually better developed too. 

But now he realises that he had overlooked the fact that all these vampires stuck as 'teenagers' really all had started to slow their growth once they looked nearly seventeen or nineteen. But at that point their actual ages were roughly twelve to thirteen, which is the definition of reaching the teenage period. 

Jia Hyson is now fairly familiar with the concepts of this world's vampiric biology after multiple classes. The stagnation of their ages is said to be triggered by hormones, therefore there is no doubt their ages should slow down their at around the usual time humans enter puberty. Which, again, indicates that at roughly twelve or so, they all really looked much older than they should be in Jia Hyson's perspective. 

Suddenly he vividly recalls the western movies and shows with high school settings that he watched, and almost consistently criticised how every so called 'high school teenager' was so clearly a person in their late twenties at best. 

Jia Hyson: ...

He couldn't deny the reasons why directors have hired an adult cast. But at the same time it's also undeniable that it has formed a somewhat unrealistic image of high schoolers in everyone's hearts after years of seeing these sexy well-developed, big breasted and full of muscles, 'fourteen and over year-olds,' walking around the school halls for most of their own childhood. 

Even in many cartoons, especially with the popularity of anime, there were many mature and... very well-developed characters. Introducing them as first years, second years, seniors and freshman, sometimes you can forget the actual ages they are behind these terms. 

Jia Hyson wants to cover his face in embarrassment. After all, he remembers many times where he would thirst over a 2D character, and then realise later on they were like, twelve or thirteen years old.

The author of the Jessica Fang series did not seem too old, it does make sense that the image of high-schoolers looking like adults is more strongly cemented in their minds. 

The more he thinks, the stranger his expression gets. Even though it was a relatively small detail that differed between Jia Hyson's own world and this one, it was somehow more unnerving and strange than any big obvious change like the introduction of vampires. 

It was like if he went into a world where magic existed and people all slept in bunkbeds. The magic was very cool and all. But you can't help but feel more fixated about the more mundane bunkbed thing. Because like what the fuck, you can teleport why are there no single beds what if you lived alone like that's so weird, not to mention a waste of resources.

'Kylan isn't actually eleven,' Bebe says after a few calculations. 'Due to his financial problems, behaviour and the lax school policies, he's actually repeated a few grades more than a few times, and also started schooling late. He should be roughly fourteen?' Inwardly Bebe disses the failures of public school administration. The numbers and the way they organised files was disordered and didn't add up, if it wasn't an intelligent system it would've really suffered for a good hour parsing through the nonsense files. 

Jia Hyson sighs in his heart. After all he was brought knowing the value of education, and the lives he had lead, while a little hard was not too difficult a life. He had still never experienced poverty to the point that education was delayed. 

Either way, before he was more or less joking before but now he seriously put down any bad thoughts. Sixteen, or even fifteen if his body's age difference wasn't too large, he can consider as long as the younger party takes the initiative. His moral bottom line for sex was quite low admittedly but Jia Hyson still had a line. It was shaky. But it was sort of there dammit. 

The excuse of being a vampire allowed him to pursue people much younger and older than himself. Look at Count Vericus, he was over 4000 years old with a wife at just under 2500 years old and three children, the eldest nearly 2200, and the youngest nearing 50. And yet he was currently entangling with Kylan's elder sister who should be roughly eighteen to twenty years old. 

But vampires still recognise that, people below a certain age, cannot necessarily be relied on to make big decisions themselves. It was true that not all children were idiots, and they can handle hard truths and be more understanding and self-aware than adults expect, but in regards to sexual matters there will always be a hard limit. 

The main two things was the physical maturity and mental maturity of an individual. Jia Hyson also has this idea. From what he's seen so far, Kylan did not seem mature enough to be trusted with his own decisions, his consent was not enough currently for Jia Hyson. It was okay to tease and play around with him, after all it was very flattering and cute to be the target of a child's silly crush, but he wouldn't do anything explicit like a beast. 

Bebe: 'But you did do explicit things with a beast before.' (, w ,,)

Jia Hyson: 'Yes, well- _ I suppose beastiality and interspecies sex is still within my moral limit then. Are you happy now?'

Bebe: 'Why would Bebe be happy?'

Jia Hyson: 'You're right, you're never happy.'

Bebe:   '...'

Jia Hyson:   'Go get some therapy.'

Bebe:   'You first you fuck.'

Jia Hyson:   '...'

Anyway, while the revelation was both as shocking as it was disappointing, Jia Hyson still didn't intend to throw the kid out nor change his plans much. It would be a bit shameful too now after all. Might as well still give Kylan some good fun and memories as he plays as his super cute platonic gold master. 

Jia Hyson went to the bedroom and took out some simple over the countertop but still expensive antiseptic first aid cream for cuts and grazes, and some paw paw cream for bruising and such, from his bag. He liked to be always a little prepared for these things so he usually carried a few first aid items among other things in case a bystander or himself was injured. 

Walking back toward the living space area, Jia Hyson pauses as he hears a faint sniffling sound.

Silently he slides to take a peek. Fortunately the open layout makes it very easy to see Kylan. Taking a look, Jia Hyson inhales sharply.

Oh my god.

Oh my god.

Kylan is crying. 

And it's so fucking hot.

Bebe: 'Excuse me. What.'

Jia Hyson: 'Like, objectively, platonically hot. Like a statue.'

Bebe: 'Wouldn't you fuck a statue though?'

Jia Hyson: '...Uh, is it like, a living statue?'

Bebe: 'Hello, police?'   

Jia Hyson: 'NO I TAKE IT BACK, IT WAS POOR COMPARISON CHOICE! AHHH!'

The tears that roll down his bruised checks, the long lashes, the almost silent sniffling as he tries, but fails to keep it together as he hugs the soft pillow in his arms, the flush of embarrassment and distress... It was such an exquisite picture. If Jia Hyson could paint, he would love to capture such an aesthetically beautiful form of such suffering. 

It was not an overwhelming agony but a simple, quiet pain of neglect and loss in a teenager who was standing on the line between strong and vulnerably fragile. Painful yet pleasing to the eye. 

Jia Hyson felt moved by the crying beauty, his heart beating a little faster subconsciously. 

While he still wouldn't make a move, in his heart he sighs emotionally. 

Jia Hyson always had a wide range of tastes but crying... seeing crying faces, messed up and flushed, maybe a little twisted in tormented pleasure and pain, were consistently his favorite sights to see on others. He thinks if it wasn't for the sheer volume of noise produced, a crying child would be very cute, just like a crying man is very attractive and a crying woman is very lovely. It is probably only the elderly who he has always been a bit emotionally weak and sympathetic toward that he will produce more of a distressed response than an attracted one.

He touches his nose awkwardly and asks his system in his mind, 'Hey, Bebe. On a scale of one to a hundred, if I just take a photo on my phone-'

'Human trash. Go die.' Bebe replies.

Jia Hyson touches his nose again. Then after some thought he still pulls out his phone and sneakily takes a photo. Aiyah, it can't be helped, he's gone through so many worlds and seen a lot of crying faces but Kylan's was really one of the best ones. Hey, this person really has the potential to be a crying star! 

Oh, grow up soon kid, grow up and let me make you cry even more beautifully! 

Bebe: ...This man's penchant for tears is really sick. 

However, Bebe also guiltily took a photo too... Kylan's crying face was objectively very good looking even to the system who had no perverse inclination toward crying. Even the lighting and background made it feel artistic and decadent. Bebe was confident that it would get a lot of likes on Systagram if it posted such a scene. After all, stupidly captioned angst memes were really trending right now. 

Bebe's favorite one was of a host being stabbed through the stomach while protecting his wife with his body, smiling weakly at her as he grasps her shoulders. Underneath there was the subtitles of the host saying, "As long as you're here, I'll always be okay." And the caption on top was: That feeling when your aunt comes and you see your heat pack. 

Kylan: '...' Suddenly feeling incredibly angry. 

Kylan, wipes his tears embarrassedly, scolding himself for suddenly getting emotional out of nowhere. It was just that everything he had just experienced was so nice, he really couldn't believe it. Even this couch was softer and more comfortable than even his sister's bed that he secretly would sleep in sometimes. It was a little overwhelming really, having a full stomach, a warm and soft place as if he's sleeping in a summer cloud...

He wasn't sure if he was happy or sad or just wishful, and once left alone his mind wandered and his tears had just naturally fell.

Even now he was really scared that none of this was real.

Rubbing his eyes vigorously he looked up and suddenly saw Jasmine with a camera pointed at him.

Kylan: '...' Oh. So she's a pervert all along huh.

Jia Hyson: '...' Oop.

Bebe: '...' Bebe will just take another screenshot... for the gram. 

...




Jia Hyson groans as the morning sun hits his face and silently swears at himself for being overcome by the need to be a holy father and invite the teenager to stay with.

Bebe: If holy fathers got hard over teenage boys crying well then...

Bebe: ... 

Bebe: Anyway.

If he hadn't let the other into true hotel to stay, then at least he could sleep in to his heart's content. 

Thinking about last night, Jia Hyson remembered the shame at being caught snapping a photo while the other was in a vulnerable state. If he hadn't had the appearance of a pretty little girl he really would've been screamed at for being a big pervert by Kylan. Still the unnatural gaze the kid gave him at the time was quite embarrassing. 

Once again he scolded himself, this time for being too greedy. To be honest he already took six or seven pictures already, but he wasn't completely satisfied with any of them due to the lacking resolution of his phone camera. So. He just. Wanted to lean in and take a better picture. Just one or two more. 

He knew Bebe was taking photos too. After all, he knew the big thing on system media was sad pictures with slightly or very inappropriate comedic captions so there was no way Bebe would miss out despite its previous judgements. But there was a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction Jia Hyson just liked about doing it yourself. He admits he wasn't as good as Bebe but doing it himself delights his need for control, and with his strong sense of aesthetic, his photography was pretty good. 

Who knew the kid would just suddenly stop crying ah. Generally when people cry it tends to slowly die down like a stream drying up, not so quick and abrupt as a tap turning off. For a moment Jia Hyson even suspected Kylan had been faking ah. 

Of course he quickly dismissed that, if Kylan had been faking then he deserved to win an Oscar. That sort of emotional vulnerability was not something that could be faked by such a young person unless they were an acting genius. 

Jia Hyson at the time panicked a little bit but quickly regained his calm and walked awkwardly over. In these situations the best thing is to tell a partial truth. 

With blushing cheeks he bows his head timidly like the little girl he looked like, ashamed at having been caught doing something bad. "Ah, I'm sorry, I just like taking photos of good-looking things. I.. you looked really beautiful just then so I couldn't help it, but I'm really sorry, I shouldn't have done that." 

Kylan as the yin shard was naturally not stupid and very quick witted, however his background was of a teenager essentially abandoned by everyone and was suspicious of kindness but reluctant to part with kindness at the same time. He bit his lip, and tried to think of ways to justify his doubts and defend his hopes.

To be honest, Jasmine's gaze was really too... perverted. However he was fairly sensitive to emotion and the look wasn't exactly a lecherous sexual feeling per say, but Kylan still felt it was weird. Like it wasn't a lecherous sexual feeling but it was close. 

But looking at Jasmine's apologetic face, with her flushed cheeks and watery blue eyes, Kylan didn't want to be angry at all. In fact he felt that it was good if she was a pervert. It was more comforting in his mind to be with a flawed lovely person than a perfect one. Not to mention, she was a pervert who liked him at of all people, she even thought... she actually thought... "You think I'm beautiful?" 

Jia Hyson thought of Kylan's crying face and sincerely answered, "You were one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen." The most beautiful crying face. 

Kylan blushed, deeply flattered. "I, I think you're beautiful too." 

Jia Hyson: 'Well, naturally ah.' 

Fiddling with his hair, Jia Hyson fidgets bashfully. "Oh, you, thanks." It was a very cute image of two blushing teenagers glancing awkwardly and smiling at each other. 

Bebe silently took a picture and captioned it- That moment you fart and think you've gotten away with it. 

After that Jia Hyson was satisfied that Kylan was no longer looking at him so strangely, and bid him a good night, happily going to sleep. 

Squinting at the sunlight Jia Hyson grunts and closes his eyes in a desperate attempt to deny the passing of time. "Bebe, is Kylan awake?"

"Yes." Bebe confirms after a moment. While there was no monitoring inside the hotel suite, Bebe could still explore around the area up to a certain distance. "He's folding his blankets and glancing at the direction of your bedroom."

Jia Hyson groans, "Motherfuck."

Day time is essentially free time for Jia Hyson. Noble vampires can walk under the sun and have slowly adapted to a more diurnal lifestyle, though they will still feel naturally more comfortable and energetic at night. Because of how society was becoming more advanced and human population was growing more and more, it had became important to adapt and best mimic a human's lifestyle not just to blend in, but also just for the convenience of it. 

After all if they wanted to go into the cities, most of the appointments and stores and entertainment were available during the day. Plus many noble vampires ran or worked in companies in order to both explain and maintain the coven's finances. The Rong family actually ran a large accounting company, an antiques business and a cup noodle company. The cup noodle company was the most profitable by far to be perfectly honest. 

Originally Jia Hyson had planned during these next few days to relax into this more nocturnal lifestyle, soaking in the moonlight and shunning the sun just like he was naturally meant to. Taking the time to do this was mainly for his own self-care and also for the convenience of his patrolling task.

This is because, unlike noble vampires that were naturally born vampiric, turned vampires were different, more sensitive to light and their dislike of the sun was far more intense, showing they had inherited more of the primitive vampiric behaviors. This meant if there were any illegally turned vampires around, their presence would be mainly seen when the sun goes down. Conversely a corrupt noble vampire would have little to do during the daytime in Grey City anyway, and would rather visit when the nightlife and criminal activity is most active. 

Forcing himself to wake up, Jia Hyson covers his line of sight with his arm, opening his eyes so they slowly adjust to the light before finally exposing himself to the dazzling late morning sun rudely shining between the gaps of the hotel curtains. After the period of adjustment, Jia Hyson quickly rolls out of bed, ruthlessly forcing himself out of his warm blanket space and into the cool air. 

He was the type who, once woken up to a certain point, will quickly become completely lucid and have great trouble going back to sleep until it's bed time. Jia Hyson used to have this habit in his original body, but unlike his carsickness, it didn't seem to hop across worlds with him. It was simply because Alaric also had a strong biological clock that he could properly re-experience a world with this habit. 

Jia Hyson felt a bit bitter about this. It's true it was annoying to not be able to nap or go back to sleep easily, but he could maintain a good sleep cycle and can easily adjust it when needed. Such a trait was far better than his shitty ability of consistent nausea during car rides and his slight resistance to drugs. Even the shape of his eyes, always drooping, was more or less the same in other worlds, with some variation of course. 

It was a little incomprehensible what stays with him and what doesn't ah. 

Musing possible theories in his head, Jia Hyson gets up. Checking the bedside mirror, he narcissistically admires his appearance almost instinctively. 

After that he picks out another outfit. Due to his new hairstyle, Jia Hyson felt like dressing up a little bit and pulls out a puffy sleeved gingham dress, white stockings and some platform Mary Jane shoes, giving off a very Dorothy from Wizards of Oz aesthetic. 

Going to the bathroom he splashes water on his face, brushes his teeth, brushes his hair, puts a ribbon clip in his hair and paints a bit of light pink lip gloss to give himself some more colour. "Tsk," Jia Hyson touches his face, tilting it side to side as he falls into admiration for a second time in the last ten minutes. "I am really just so pretty."

Bebe: '...'

"I should take a photo, I just think I look especially good, hey Bebe, does this angle make me look fat-"

"...Host."

"Hm?"

"Bebe has had an actual teenage influencer as a host and she wasn't as bad as you're being right now."

Jia Hyson: '...' 

Striding out of the room, Jia Hyson threw the room service menu at Kylan who was waiting with him like a dog waiting for his owner, "Come, tell me what you want," he offers generously before grabbing a fistful of leftovers from the dessert platter and stuffing it into his mouth in a rather inelegant way. 

Seeing the stunned face of Kylan, Jia Hyson raises a brow, takes a somewhat stale cookie and bites into it, "Something the matter ah?"

Kylan shakes his head but stops himself. Instead he honestly answers, "You're a little different this morning."

Jia Hyson smiles, "It's just because I had a bit less sleep then I wanted, can't be as polite. Are you disappointed?"

Tired of his overly flirty and coquettish tone, Jia Hyson had already more or less dropped it in front of Kylan, in favour of acting more softly spoken to smother the slight masculine undertones of his voice. It made him seem less flighty, and sweet and a bit more mature. 

His voice was naturally quite light and gentle in the first place, which is why Alaric probably shouted so much to assert dominance and compensate. Therefore it was not too difficult to make it hard to misidentify his gender even if he just used his normal voice. 

Kylan did not show any doubts and instead swallowed, his throat dry. Doesn't this mean, Jasmine was letting her guard down and showing more of her casual real self? Is this because he had already caught her taking photos so she felt there wasn't any need to hold a certain image toward him?

People were like that, to strangers they were more polite and unwilling to show any bad sides, but once the relationship is closer, people will become more rude and casual. Kylan felt a little excited thinking maybe this was the case with him and Jasmine? Forcibly breaking the wall of politeness because of last night, it makes sense that one would either distance themselves or find themselves in a position of closeness as a result. 

This time he shakes his head firmly, "I'm not disappointed at all!" 

Jia Hyson was about to reach up and pat Kylan's head, but stops, remembering his hands were now dirty with food and his own saliva from liking his fingers. Chuckling, he finally says what he's been thinking for a while, "You're seriously like a puppy ah. It's cute."

Kylan blushes. 

Jia Hyson laughs again, but kindly changes the subject, "Now, what do you want for breakfast, order what you like."

"No, I really.. thank you but there's no need," Kylan tries to deny. He might be quite bold and blunt in school, but he wasn't shameless and had a bit of a thin face, which felt even thinner after meeting Jasmine. 

It was already bad enough that this girl who was probably only a little older than him brought him to her hotel room, made him a sandwich and gave him a hot shower and warm place to sleep, but it felt strangely too much to also make her buy breakfast as well. "I really shouldn't.."

Before he could confidently reject, Kylan's body ruthlessly betrays him, his stomach loudly protesting with an unflattering gurgling sound making his face turn hot. 

Jia Hyson huffs in amusement, this kid was really fun to watch struggle ah. 

But to save the other's face, he swallows the laughter down. Unfortunately even if he doesn't laugh, the corners of his lips would not go down, wanting to indulge in the bad taste of bullying and teasing. Almost subconsciously, the teasing and flirtatious tilting tone he had before came out very naturally. He used this tone often when being cheeky or playful but for some reason it came out much easier dressed up. "What are you doing, trying to act so big ah- Come, come- big sister has money so don't be shy oh-"

Bebe: '...' Is this really the true awakening of Bebe's host's girlish heart?

Bebe felt like it shouldn't say anything, after all Jia Hyson was clearly having fun with this female persona, and it wasn't like Jia Hyson was the sort of steel straight man who would be bothered once aware of it. He would probably just consider it a new part of himself like a cute little accessory.

It's just... How come this female personality is also so slag???

Why does he sound like some rich middle aged auntie ready to prey on some fresh meat??? 

After some back and forth, Kylan ordered the simplest eggs on toast and Jia Hyson once again ordered a bloody steak, with a side of eggs and toast. 

Kylan silently notes it down in his heart that Jasmine was surprisingly quite carnivorous... in many ways. 

While they waited for breakfast they began to chat, this time with Kylan becoming more active as they talk about the city. 

In a place like Grey City, where the standard of living was fairly low, there was both a lower chance of noble vampires appearing and therefore a lower sense of vigilance toward vampire related crime. But alternatively it also meant that a lot of criminal vampires weren't very interested in staying in Grey City long term either. After all, even fallen nobles would not slum it in such a place if given a choice. 

More importantly, the medical facilities here were quite atrocious, with poor equipment, hygiene and medical staff. Most people were not willing to donate blood and the ones who could, were the rich and corrupt. So even if they had the interest to do some blood charity, there was a decent chance their blood was greasy, possibly diseased, and just bad blood in general thanks to the wealthy lifestyle of eating, drink, sex, drugs and smoking. If the vampires tasked with watching over the city full time weren't promised benefits and imported blood they really wouldn't come here either. It simply just wasn't suitable conditions for them to live. 

Therefore Jia Hyson didn't have much information about the area. It was better to hear more from Kylan, coaxing more and more things out of him under the guise of earnest curiosity and witty bantering. Kylan didn't notice, just enjoying the conversation, and soon breakfast arrived.

Seeing that there was no suspicious points of interest to focus on, Jia Hyson figures that the area Kylan lives was most likely safe. He'll slowly move to outward to the surrounding areas there then and should be able to patrol at least a quarter of the outskirt city area by the allocated week which should be enough to write a good-looking report about. 

With a new plan tentatively established, it was time to enjoy himself with his temporary puppy.

Taking it easy, Jia Hyson spent the next few days wandered around Grey City with Kylan in tow. When night fell and it was time to tuck his little street mutt to bed, he would leave and patrol different areas for a few hours before retreating back to the hotel to sleep. It wasn't really as relaxing as a vacation but it was still a very satisfying way to spend the time.

After cleaning up Kylan during the first day, so the dirty appearance of a wild dog transformed into a fluffy and cute little milk dog, Kylan no longer experienced any stares of disgust or rejection which settled him a lot. Over the next few days his confidence grew exponentially as a result. He even had the courage to ask Jia Hyson to go to the amusement park for their last day together which was an hour or two out of the city.

Jia Hyson quite liked this coquettish and excited appearance of his dog so he generously indulged his request. 

To be honest, one of his favourite identities to take on were the ones where he could take care and provide for people. He has a penchant for control and enjoys the sense of others depending on himself, giving outsiders the impression that despite his frivolous nature he actually has a nurturing side. Maybe he really does have such a mindset on some level, but even if the intentions aren't as motherly as the actions appear, it wasn't as if either party was upset about this dynamic. 

Jia Hyson: 'It's like a gold master raising his sugar baby, I like this flavor a lot ah-'

Bebe: 'Bebe would've thought you would prefer the sugar baby role more.'

Jia Hyson: 'Honestly the best case scenario is that I raise a cute soft bun into a big black sesame dumpling that will raise me in the later half in life. That way I get to experience both pleasures.' ,,,UwU,,,

Either way, Jia Hyson was also interested in playing like a child again. Who told the last world to be so long and boring? Even if he had a very handsome and lovely Da Gong by his side, and the protagonists Tang Muxin and Pan Shuchun trying their best to improve society, it was undeniable there were still a lot of things lacking in the entertainment aspects. 

Kylan on the other hand felt like these last few days were as beautiful as a dream.

New clothes, warm food, soft bed, and playing around with such a beautiful big sister- isn't this the ideal life? Even now he got to experience the feeling of entering the amusement park thanks to her. Many of his classmates had gone with their families to visit this amusement park, it could be considered the place all Grey City citizens with children should visit at least once. However he had never had the opportunity to go with anyone until he was already this big. 

When they arrived at the park, they were greeted at the entrance by a slightly frowning lady at the ticket booth.

"You young kids should really be in school, don't skip out to date ah," The older ticketmaster half-heartedly chides with some helplessness and disapproval as she passes them their tickets. But she didn't protest much, especially after taking their money.

After all, what can she do? Underage couples skipping school were their second biggest source of revenue after families. While normal adult couples will pay a little more for things, the amusement park was not a date that they would constantly want to go to like the younger people, therefore they were narrowly beaten out on the ranking. 

"No, no-" Jia Hyson throws an arm over Kylan's shoulder with a wide grin, such an easy action completely disregarding the differences between man and women, made people believe they were close but not in an ambiguous or romantic way. "This is my cousin! I am only here for a short time so we were allowed to take the day off to play!"

The ticket-master squints and smiles, "Oh, my mistake, have a lovely day." She apologises but there was still a little doubt in her eyes. 

Jia Hyson laughs and puts the tickets in his pocket. "Thank you!" He throws back before dragging Kylan toward the park with his arm over his shoulder still. Because of the height difference, Kylan had to indulgently bend down a little to accommodate the other, looking like a big shaggy dog leashed by a smaller sized child. 

Kylan looked at the bright and festive appearance of the amusement park, listening to the noise of children laughing and screaming, and most of all, was aware of the fresh summery scent of orange blossom and citrus that Jasmine out on this morning and the softness of the other. His heart was thumping, light and fluttery, both from happiness and anxiety. 

Everything was so beautiful. 

But of course, the more beautiful the dream, the more reluctant he was for it to end.

...

They went around checking out the booths first. After all, it was the first time Kylan had gone to any rides or any other carnival type entertainment. Jia Hyson at first was only a little interested but he quickly got swept up in the enthusiasm, not just from his companion but also of the place in general. 

Maybe because Grey City wasn't the nicest, everyone who came to the amusement park was very appreciative and in awe. The richer families would generally move to better places that they could afford and the few that were there pretty much just brought children that was young enough that they would be impressed with a ball of yarn. Therefore Grey City's amusement park was, while a little shabby and limited in a lot of aspects, actually a surprisingly pleasant place full of happiness. 

"Let's do this!" Jia Hyson cheerfully pulls Kylan to one of the booths where you throw a ball at a moving target to win the prize behind it.

"Okay." Kylan smiles, "But I'm not very good at throwing games."

"Tsk, then you'll just have to be my cheerleader instead ah-" Jia Hyson teases before looking at the booth owner with some excitement. "Mister, I want to win that cute puppy dog toy, and that GameDude-" He bats his eyes as he passes the other some money.

The man in the booth chuckles and passes him five ping pong balls. "You can try little girl, but no guarantees."

'Host, the booth is rigged.' Bebe whispers in his mind. Jia Hyson smiles and internally replies.

'Of course I know that.'

Anyone who had played in carnival type games knows that there's many that are notoriously rigged and have lost more than a bit of money over it in their lifetime. Jia Hyson was no exception.

It was a frustrating thing, especially when he was with a date or babysitting which would cause him to lose face in front of others. But there was really only so much he could do about it. Over time he just was too lazy to do things like this and never thought much about it anymore. But now that he was reminded and granted such an opportunity with his vampiric abilities... He can take revenge against all the evil rigged games as compensation for all the past ones that had wronged him! HAHAHHAHA!

Booth owner: I suddenly feel a chill in the air.

Other booth owners: We have a bad feeling.

Jia Hyson gleefully showed a strength and capability that should not belong inside someone with such a cute and delicate appearance at all. Decimating each game, from the throwing games, shooting games, ring toss, balloon and darts, and so on and so on. He was like a carnival demon, making all the booth owners sob and despair in his wake and all those still in his path to shiver.

"You're so amazing," Kylan praises excitedly as he carries two bags full of various prizes. 

Neither Jia Hyson or Kylan were interesting in the comically big plushies as they still had to carry it for the rest of the day, but they picked the most expensive things like game consoles, toys they liked, board games they were interested in playing, fun novelty items and so on. Kylan and Jia Hyson were also practically decked out in various tacky accessories that they had found for each other that they thought was funny or cute. 

"Hehe, you're just saying that-" Jia Hyson tried to act coy but his narcissism was too blatant and Kylan could clearly see the 'Praise me more' written all over the other's face.

Kylan smiles. Jasmine was really adorable. She was nice, but narcissistic, surprisingly strong and competitive, but laidback and gentle when she wasn't playing in the booth. 

The more he learned, the more he felt captivated. He couldn't look away from her at all. "I may be saying that, but... It doesn't mean it's not true. I-I just think... You're really the best." His voice which was originally quite confident became more and more timid as his last words could barely be defined as a whisper. 

Still, with Jia Hyson's hearing, he could hear it loud and clear. His cheeks warm, even weaker to praise than before thanks to his newfound improved narcissism. 

Tsk, old dogs can't learn new tricks but cute little puppies pick them up very fast. Jia Hyson smiles and reaches up to ruffle the young teenager's hair. Kylan obediently lowers his head to make it easier for him. "You're so cute!" Jia Hyson laughs, "Come, tell me what you want to do now-? It's your trip too after all."

Since he had his hands full with the bags of prizes, Kylan shyly looks up and to the side to indicate what he wanted. "Well... Can we do this?"

Jia Hyson turns his head to follow the other's line of sight and his expression cracks a little.

When he was a dragon, his fear of heights had dissipated quite a lot. However that was borne out of the trust he had for his invulnerable body and abilities. He could control his flight and fall, choose to speed up, slow down or just float casually. Such an overpowered feeling was really reassuring. And without the fear there was only exhilaration in place when he was up high. 

But now, looking at the tall height of the roller coaster before him, Jia Hyson felt trepidation. After all, his vampire body was indeed stronger than humans but unless his personal skill related to body strengthening, he could still feel pain and die from normal damages, albeit they would have to hit harder or else the body would not guarantee him a quick death. Which one could argue is even more frightening. 

There was a vampire who fought with a hunter on top of an eight story building. Both of them ended up falling from it, but while the hunter immediately died upon impact, the vampire experienced the excruciating feeling of all his bones being shattered and mangled. He had fallen into a car window, and glass cut his skin and pierced his body, and an uneven jagged shard was stuck halfway through his neck. It took him two years to recover- which was pretty good given it was a fatal fall, but it was still an incredibly horrible experience overall. 

Alaric knew this because this vampire was his first cousin and he had been sufficiently traumatised by it. Jia Hyson who had most of the memories intact also shuddered. He rather take a quick death than that recovery experience to be honest, even if the other did make a relatively full recovery the first year of rehabilitating the body was like a very slow reverse body horror gore movie. 

So seeing the perversely tall and twisted rollercoaster Jia Hyson immediately balked. It wasn't the tallest or the most complex rollercoaster, after all the amusement park wasn't that rich. But it was tall enough. And twisty enough. And also old and looked a little rickety. 

Kylan glances at him with excitement. But his face immediately changed to concern as he see's Jia Hyson's expression. "Are you okay? I, uh, it's not what you think at all Jasmine. Haha I just meant the ferris wheel."

The ferris wheel was indeed next to the rollercoaster but Jia Hyson wasn't a fool that could be easily coaxed. He was a little moved by Kylan's words. He liked considerate puppies the most. Not to mention, Kylan knew 'Jasmine' was rich and these sort of parks will not be so special to 'her' but he was still willing to give up an integral part of his first amusement park experience to keep 'her' comfortable. 

Swallowing, Jia Hyson beats his chest confidently. "What are you talking about? Ferris wheel? Hmph, we can do that at the end. I want to do t-that!" He points at the rollercoaster, paling a little as he hears the shrill screaming of a passing train of passengers hurtling through the tracks. 

Kylan gave him a doubtful look, "Are you sure?"

"Of course!" Jia Hyson drags him to the queue, "I've always been interested in thrill rides like this..." Oh fucking hell, "Disaster Faster coaster."

"Jasmine..." Kylan was extremely moved and complicated. On one hand he was touched that Jasmine was willing to still go through with this even though he gave her a way out. No one was willing to do this much to help him if it wasn't convenient for themselves to do it, except maybe his sister. But on the other hand he felt distressed for her. 

"Aiyah, don't be like this, I just didn't want to go because I go on so many rollercoasters that I grew bored," Jia Hyson bluffs. He knows he's been seen through but he's too lazy to go through the back and forth of 'You don't need to do this,' 'I want to do this,' 'But I don't want you to want to do this for me.' Especially not for a fucking carnival ride. 

To calm his nerves he chatters to Kylan about how they would survive the apocalypse, discussing their survival probability in each type, from zombie to natural disaster to aliens. By the time Jia Hyson was explaining to an amused and absorbed Kylan about how an alien invasion was better to live through than a technological AI overlord one, it was already their turn.

Taking a deep breath, Jia Hyson, while still a bit pale and sweaty, had a completely calm expression as he sat on his offered seat. 

Kylan who was next to him couldn't help but look over a few times in surprise. He couldn't help but feel a bit disheartened that he didn't get to see Jasmine's fearful expression, but then he quickly scolded himself for such a bad thought. How could he think like that?! Ah, he's so awful!

While the teenager was cursing himself, Jia Hyson touches his lips and makes a few frantic circular motions before very casually leaning down to swipe against the side of his shoes. As he activates his ice magic so the bottom of his shoes were completely iced onto the floor, Jia Hyson released a relieved sigh as he relaxed slightly. With this small little precaution he instantly had a sense of security. 

Bebe: '...' Well, you couldn't say its host was wasting the opportunity to use his magical ability. 

Bebe could honestly say, Jia Hyson was one of the few hosts who really took any opportunity to play with any new powers that the original body owned. Most would just use it for fighting or defence or an important scene, but not Jia Hyson. No. He would use it even for cleaning dildos and sticking himself to rollercoasters for assurance.  

After spending a day exploring the entirety of the park and eating so much disgusting carnival food that they both felt more than a little nauseous, it was time to go back to the hotel. However even though Kylan was tired and full, he was extremely reluctant to go back. 

Because that meant he would only have one night left before the best week of his life was over. 

He didn't want this dream to end. 

However Scum Hyson was already satisfied, and ready to go back to the coven. While he didn't get to the opportunity to sleep with anyone and lose his virginity before he has to leave for the academy, spiritually and emotionally he was pretty happy with playing with his little puppy for a week. He liked the puppy, and he wouldn't mind pampering him a little longer, but did he want to adopt it and take care of it exclusively?

Hah, no. 

When Jia Hyson and Kylan entered the hotel room, Jia Hyson could tell the other wanted to be a bit clingy tonight. Knowing the kid was affection starved, and still had the night, Jia Hyson didn't have the heart to show his ruthless side now and was willing to skip his last night of patrolling to play around with the puppy. "Go take a shower, after that let's play some of those board games in my room okay?" Jia Hyson half orders, perking Kylan up immediately.

"O-okay!" He nods enthusiastically. He knew Jasmine had a strict bed schedule, and she usually insists on sleeping early for the sake of her beauty. His heart fluttered at the thought as he practically ran to shower. 

Jasmine loves beauty and sleep so much. But for him she was willing to do many things. C-could it be she also-?

With a nervous but expectant heart, Kylan quickly washes himself and gets dressed. His clothing was all new and expensive, but they were comfortable and well-fitted. Even his pyjamas were 100% cotton. When he wore it, he blushed. Wearing something the girl he likes bought for him.. it was like a part of her was covering his body. U//////////U

Before he didn't dare to think in that direction but maybe because it was the last day, he couldn't help but let his imagination go.

Touching his warm cheeks with his hands he bashfully knocks on Jasmine's bedroom door. 

"I'm still showering! Just come in and wait for me in the bedroom ah!" Jasmine calls out. 

Kylan's face turns even redder.

Jasmine... showering...

Ah! Ah! Ah! He was just a teenage boy! He couldn't stand thinking of such a stimulating thing!

Hesitatingly he enters the room like she ordered. Hearing the sound of the shower, many images were offered to his brain which made him feel so flushed he was dizzy. 

In an attempt to distract himself he looked at the dressing table which had a large mirror and an assortment of various products. Kylan knew Jasmine was a bit vain, and his sister also used a lot of products, but he was still shocked to see the assortment. Upon closer inspection, there was surprisingly not many lotions, most of them were perfumes. Some he vaguely recognised from passing advertisements and some he wasn't familiar with at all.

Eventually his eyes rest on a bright blue bottle shaped like a broach. Because of it's interesting design he curiously reached out and read the name. "Forget Me So? What a strange name for a perfume."

Kylan curiously sprays a little, leaning forward at the mist he created to sniff it. The smell was flowery, like a garden after the rain, a very crisp, clean but richly sweet smell. Feeling a bit dizzy, his mind seemed to grasp something yet like holding water, it was constantly slipping from his fingers.

Irritated and eager to catch the thought, he opens up the perfume bottle, unscrewing the nozzle off. The floral smell immediately became much stronger, pervading the room. 

It's really... a familiar scent. Kylan's eyes flash. His sister occasionally has this scent on her when she comes home. For some reason it was a bit hard to recall but over time the fragrance had been repeatedly smelt by himself and even if he couldn't remember he could vaguely recognise it. 

He knew something was wrong with this scent, but his mind couldn't seem to pick out why. Kylan's first thought was to tell Jasmine this perfume wasn't good, he didn't want her to use it because it might be dangerous! Thinking that he quickly screws back the nozzle to stop the smell from diffusing out into the open air even more than it already had.

However his brain had already been affected and his limbs were no longer as dexterous and reliable. As he screws the nozzle back on he clumsily uses a bit too much force in his impatience and drops the bottle of Forget Me So perfume. 

Thankfully the container didn't break but at least half the liquid was spilt as a consequence. 

"...Fuck!" Kylan swore, but even his reaction was delayed by then. 

Panicked and muddle headed as the smell pervades in the room even more, he blindly unscrews a nearby perfume bottle and messily pours the contents into the now over half empty bottle of Forget Me So. The scent of the second perfume pervades the air and mingles with the still lingering scent. Kylan couldn't help but take a sniff, like a dog who had found a new smell. 

However after some thought he realised that was a bit too stupid as the scent would change, and then the other bottle would be empty. So he scrambles to the kitchen, the fresher air helping clear his head enough not to trip on his own two feet, and dilutes the perfume with bottled water before wiping it down and screwing it back shut.

He then stumbles to the bedroom and puts the bottle back guiltily. However the smell of various flavours was still in the air.

Kylan absentmindedly touches his face again. His breathing subconsciously was picking up as his whole body slowly seemed to become heated. However he dumbly waited in the room.

After all, Jasmine said he should wait here. 

...

Jia Hyson came out of the shower refreshed and happy. There was nothing like a nice long shower after a long day out. Turning off the ventilator fan and wiping his hair, he leaves the bathroom and enters the bedroom. 

Jia Hyson's sensitive smell immediately picked up a strange aroma in the room. He had used the Forget Me So perfume a few times before so he was somewhat familiar with the scent, even among the other smells he could quickly recognise it with seven to eight points of confidence! 

His eyes dilated and his breath subconsciously picked up. Angrily, Jia Hyson grabbed the dazed and blushing teenager and pulled him closer aggressively. At a closer distance the difference was even more obvious. "You-! What did you do???" 

"I-I'm sorry," Kylan stammered but his reactions were slow and his hands were very active, touching the smooth pale wrists and hands grabbing ahold of him almost obsessively. "I just smelt a few... I... nhmm.."

Jia Hyson was annoyed but he understood what happened. It was a bit rude but in fairness you do a lot of weird shit when you're bored, nervous or curious. And it wasn't like Jia Hyson didn't also play around with scented perfumes in malls out of boredom even as an adult. It was that or the 'guess the price of this ugly shirt' game. 

Suddenly a rush of heat sizzled through Jia Hyson's body, like warm static that seemed to light up his nerves. He was shocked. After all the perfume doesn't work as effectively on vampires which is why he dared to smell it so easily. The memory loss of Forget Me So only causes a temporary mild fogginess in the brain for around half a minute, less so if you're quite powerful like he was. 

This almost violent reaction in comparison made Jia Hyson's expression darken. He knew his body well, the effects of the scent was clearly aphrodisiac in nature. While it wasn't overwhelming, and it wasn't so bad he couldn't think or function, it was like being dipped in wine, giving him a warm buzz all over. 

But if he felt like this, then Kylan who was human...

Before he could finish that thought his lips were attacked clumsily, almost painfully being banged against the other's own lips as Kylan surged up to kiss him. Taking advantage of Jia Hyson's slackening grip, the teenager hugs him tightly. The momentum was too much and quickly Jia Hyson and Kylan fell onto the floor, with Jia Hyson taking the brunt of the fall.

"Fu-ahnnn..." Gasping out, his swear was quickly covered by Kylan's feverish kisses. 

The other young human was clumsy and inexperienced, and while the enthusiasm was good, it couldn't deny the other really was very bad. Jia Hyson felt his lips being smooshed until it was slightly sore and their teeth clacking and scraping occasionally, making him subconsciously frown. If he was human, he probably would have cried out in pain and annoyance by now, however it was more an uncomfortable feeling than anything painful with his vampiric physique. 

His mood wasn't the best at this point, after all, despite his attitude, in his opinion sex was fun but it wasn't exactly a priority in life. More a very pleasurable hobby. While he didn't feel good if he didn't indulge once in a while, he wasn't so hard up and desperate to do it anytime and anywhere with anyone. Especially with this kid.

Right now he was more worried about the Forget Me So perfume mix. 

Fortunately Kylan seemed to be quite a romantic, having his eyes closed as he frantically kissed him. Completely unable to see Jia Hyson's indifferent almost cold expression staring at him. As if he was simply looking at an object. 

While he occasionally made some breathy moaning noises, as well as some shy movements with his hands to keep the charade of an inexperienced virgin up, he contacted Bebe in his mind. 'What's the details of the perfume? Will it still have a memory loss effect? If I leave him alone will there be problems?'

Now that he personally inhaled the scent, it at least had the benefit of helping Bebe who can access his internal body's data. With it Bebe could more accurately breakdown the contents and analyze the effects in a vampire's body before extrapolating it to hypothesize the effects in humans. 

'The results are not bad,' Bebe calmly summarizes as it quickly reads through the chemical and mathematical formulas as well a list of scientific names being processed through. 'It seems Kylan must've started pouring one of your other perfumes before switching to just diluting it with water. The aphrodisiac effect will go away after being vented once or twice, maybe thrice given the hormonal imbalance of puberty... but the memory loss may not be fully effective. It will take a longer time for the memories to disappear and there's a higher chance to overturn.'

Jia Hyson sighs. It wasn't the worst case scenario but it was definitely close. 

Forget Me So was not 100% perfect. Of course it wasn't. After all with so many different physiques and willpower, there are always some who managed to resist thanks to strong emotions or a lucky genetic trait such as super high metabolism or genius with amazing brainpower coupled with a photographic memory. Sometimes people will succumb to the magic of the scent but then after a chance meeting, or maybe in a decade, or maybe in a month, the memory will come back. 

However once again, these cases were very rare so the perfume, which was more superior than other products and more convenient to other powers, was still very powerful and popular. 

Fortunately his set plan is very much to go where the wind flows. As long as the point of his crossdressing isn't vilified by the protagonist, the story is safe. Jia Hyson has little problems with his orientation being found out, after all Jessica Fang was not homophobic, so there was no worries there. 

From Jia Hyson's understanding of vampire society and the plot given, the author god was not homophobic and was even possibly a fujoshi slash fudanshi, as there were brief mentions of homosexuality and even some yaoi fanservice scenes in the more filler chapters. At the very least there was no big rejection to it like when they touched on the issues of crossdressing and transgenders and those sort of things. 

He wasn't shocked by the contradiction. People were complicated like that. You could be a racist but support LGBT+ rights. You could be a supporter of racial minorities but think women are worth naturally less than men and should be treated as such. Or you could be just worst most bigoted person in the world but conversely be a large and incredibly active conservationist that promotes animal rights. 

As a bisexual, Jia Hyson has also faced discrimination from gay people and straight people alike. In fairness he did embody the slut stereotype of bisexuality but really, that's just because he's a slut. If he was purely straight or purely gay he would be just as slutty in his opinion. Maybe more so to compensate. 

The point was even in your own defined group there is sub-groups and more often than not, what people like is the sub-group and not necessarily the group group. Like people like pizza but damn, there are sub-groups for different people who like specific things on pizza. Some will accept some of those sub-groups like meat-lovers accepting the vegetarian pizza eaters, while others will discriminate and judge against others of another sub-group. Like the sub-group of people who scrape off the cheese off pizza, like why did you even come to my pizza party I will wage war on your family. 

Jia Hyson: Sounds like some loser threw a bad pizza party recently. SipsTeaSuspiciously.jpeg 

Author God LittleBlueLake: If you don't like cheese on pizza with no medical reasoning for it, don't show up at pizza parties. 

Bebe: SipsTeaCalmly.jpeg Bebe sees she didn't deny being a loser.

Jia Hyson: Heh.

LittleBlueLake: ...

Now that he had the facts, he roughly pushed the desperate and passionate Kylan away. With a tearful expression full of hurt and anger, Jia Hyson used the best of his short term acting skills to cry. "You- how could you just- I hate you!"

Kylan groans and frowns slightly. Jasmine's voice felt a bit different... however his keen senses could only be distracted by the events happening before him. 

Before Kylan could sober up from his dazed shock, Jia Hyson quickly ran out the room as if desperate to get away from such a beast. "Sort your problems out yourself!" He yells back, worried the other would chase after him to try attempt a public pushing down scenario, before slamming the door to the hotel room shut behind him. 

After all, a public kabedon before being pushed down for sex... ah, it's too delicious, Jia Hyson wasn't sure he could control himself even if it was a minor! He had to do his best to escape from this dangerous situation!

Even though his mind was also sluggish, he still could fight it better than Kylan and, using his vampiric speed, he ran to the elevators. Fortunately there was one of standby so he quickly went inside and pressed a few floors between his own level and the ground lobby floor before finally pressing the lobby button.

That way if Kylan did come out to chase after him, when he would just see the lift pausing as it went downwards he would assume it let a guest enter or leave the lift. After all, when most people flee, the first instinct is usually to leave the building entirely or go somewhere safer which in this case would most logically be the lobby area where there was 1. More people, 2. The main entrance and exit of the hotel and 3. A larger area with a lot of accessible rooms such as the public bathroom. 

Of course Jia Hyson knew this and had no intention of going to the lobby. Instead he just waited until the elevator opened to the next floor down and jumped out quickly after clicking the close button. The floor below the penthouse suite was more luxurious than other floors but it was still just a hall with hotel rooms. 

Kylan wouldn't think that he had escaped such a short distance, choosing to only go one floor down where there was nowhere to sit, hide, or just find a place of privacy. However Kylan's experience was also incredibly limited. Maybe in dingy motels it would be like that but in these big fancy hotels even the halls of the hotel rooms will provide sitting amenities and even a private smoking lounge for smokers to go to in order not to pollute the hotel environment. Some hotels may even have a shared entertainment area on the floors for things like pool or arcade games or simply a place to sit and read.

Overall, it is a case of a poverty that could limit one's imagination. 

Confident in his calculations, Jia Hyson paces leisurely down the hall, turning randomly and strolling around as he takes deep and long breathes to steady his breathing. The tainted Forget Me So still in his system was like a very bad spice, the type that seems to grow hotter overtime. It was like eating spicy Korean food but in like, a sexual way.

Fuck, now he was craving chewy tteokbokki, hot crispy Korean fried chicken and jjambbong with an erection. 

The more he walks around the more haggard his breathing becomes, and not because he was tired. Jia Hyson could feel the heat inside him threaten to overwhelm him, and he, who was always a bitch for pleasure, was so tempted to just do something incredibly indecent in the hall of the hotel. Groaning, he leans against the wall and bites his forefinger as his other hand rubs his neck and ears, enjoying the touches and the feeling of touching. 

"Alaric?" A rough, masculine voice calls out with an astonished tone, "Alaric is that you, what are you wearing kiddo?"

Jia Hyson stiffens and turns to the source of the voice. The room across the wall he was leaning against was open and Mr Garth who was holding a cigarette and about to light it was staring back at him. "Mr Garth?" His eyes widen, why was he here?

His mind was still foggy and it took a second before he gasped and quickly covered his mouth, wanting to slap himself with regret. He was wearing a frilly nightgown and had adjusted his hair, if he denied it there was a good chance he could've gotten away with it but the drop in IQ from the mix of perfumes has caused him to reveal himself like a fool. With teary eyes he looked at his handsome albeit scruffy teacher. 

The vampiric teacher looks down at the cigarette in his hand and crushed it with a sigh. His hook-up had ditched him, and he just wanted to come out to light a cigarette. Who knew he would get such a surprise instead. "You... come in first, it's dangerous to go out dressed like that." 

Jia Hyson swallows, and follows, a hand covering his groin to prevent his shameful appearance from being completely exposed. 

As he enters, he was surrounded by the faint scent of smoke and soap. Jia Hyson wasn't a smoking fan and disliked and feared the consequences of nicotine addiction but he didn't deny he loved the aesthetic of a handsome man smoking. 

Seeing Mr Garth take off the jacket he was wearing, and revealing the loose tank top underneath and a gorgeously masculine body, with some chest hair and well-defined muscles, Jia Hyson's eyes turned red and his reason was completely lost. 

And when he says eyes turned red, they really turned red. Vampires when succumbing to a base emotion or having recently drunk human blood will have their eyes turn red and glow, as if delighting in their primal desires being indulged. 

Before the older vampire could even throw his jacket onto the bed to get more comfortable, he was pushed against the wall. Due to his shock, he could only be kabedon-ed before being dragged down and forcibly kissed.

Mr Garth could only blankly think, 'He's a surprisingly skilled kisser.'

However unlike Jia Hyson, Mr Garth was perfectly sober and gently but forcibly broke the kiss before it escalated. Yet seeing the watery eyes and flushed pink cheeks of Alaric, dressed in such uncharacteristically feminine and thin clothing, with an expression begging for more, Mr Garth felt his little brother respond.

Mr Garth: ...Oh no.

He hesitates. After all this was his student and one who only thirty! It wasn't a crime but it definitely was in that grey area that would definitely get him scolded. Like a lot. Not to mention that lazy crown prince will definitely mind if he saw things correctly the other day. It would be really troublesome ah. 

Nonetheless.. Feeling that soft body being actively pressed against his own, Mr Garth swallows heavily. "Alaric, you need to get a hold of yourself."

"I rather get a hold of you-" Jia Hyson laughs as he tiptoes and wraps his arms playfully around the older vampire's neck and a little drunkenly rubs his cheek against Mr Garth's firm chest, his hair tickling the other's collarbone. "Smells a little smoky... nhmm..."

Mr Garth stiffens, arms and hands hovering away from his student's body, unsure whether to succumb and hug the other closer or try avoid touching the other as much as possible. However as he was mentally struggling with his lust and very small integrity as a teacher, he felt a cool soft pair of lips tickle his skin as they lightly pepper him with kisses. 

Looking down, he sees Alaric smile flirtatiously at him before nuzzling him again, "I like smoky-"

Mr Garth: '...' 

"You brat," Mr Garth growls, brow furrowing with sweat as he finally decided what to do. Hugging the other's body he twists and slams him into the wall, throwing away his previous restraint and revealing his aggressive side. "I didn't expect a good kid like you to be so... assertive."

"Nhm..." Jia Hyson's heart beats quickly in excitement. This sort of bad boy teacher... he's always wanted to experience! Not to mention Mr Garth was clearly a skilled manwhore, therefore pleasure would be guaranteed!!!

Still he had to keep his character settings and he quickly pretended his excited trembling was from nerves instead as he blinked quickly, eyes going a little wet. "I'm, I'm sorry I-"

As expected, Mr Garth was the type who had a bad mouth but a good heart. Not to mention, he had a good impression of Alaric who didn't make trouble and helped him when he was too lazy to do things in class. 

Softening his attitude, he shushes Jia Hyson and kisses him on the forehead. "Hey, hey, that's my bad, just relax Alaric. Tell me when it's too much and I'll stop okay?"

Jia Hyson was weak to sweetness and shivered in pleasure. "Mr Garth.." he whispers.

"Call me Darrian," Darrian chuckles, before leaning over and whispering in his ear, "We can play teacher later if you really want though."

Jia Hyson's face heats up and tries to force down his enthusiastic agreement to such a fun thing. It wasn't like he hadn't played teacher before, but it had never been his own actual teacher before either ah! It's so exciting! 

Sometimes people employed as teachers or doctors or nurses and other such jobs didn't like to reenact role play out of their chosen professions. Jia Hyson respected that but he didn't deny that he wasn't a little bit disappointed at such an outcome. After all he personally found it more exciting with this sense of blending realism to a certain extent with the fantasy. 

But Mr Garth clearly had no scruples, shameless and arrogant, and Jia Hyson approved in his heart. 

"Maybe later..." Jia Hyson shyly acquiesces. Inwardly though he was fist pumping furiously in his heart. 

Bebe: '...' This is truly a most heinous turn of events. 

...


Mr Garth pauses, a little surprised that the usually strict and reserved Alaric from the even stricter Rong family, actually said yes to this sort of taboo, though an admittedly quite vanilla one. After all the Rong family were notorious for their love of rules and respect for the hierarchy of things. 

It wasn't that everyone in that family was such a stickler for these things, but with the way they were raised generally, it took a lot of coaxing to get a Rong to be induced into a rebellious phase. They were given a very extreme upraising, throwing the younger vampires out into the wild every once in a while to gain independence while also training them harshly. 

But at the same time there was not too much pressure on them, the only thing expected was to contribute well to the Golden Rose coven. Follow the basic rules, respect the royal family and uphold the ethics of the coven, it doesn't matter if you become an artist, an accountant or an astronaut as long as you help uphold the values of a noble vampire and help the king you will be accepted. 

Obviously, there was still a lot of bias where many ambitious parents will still want their children to become royal advisors and retain good grades, produce powerful offspring and such, but generally many noble families were like that anyway. The point was, that only the children of the Rong family were consistently 'good children', and then 'good teenagers' and then finally 'good upstanding adults'. 

So seeing Alaric, who in his impression, was the most sensible, uptight child in this new generation of Golden Rose vampires like this, he found it surprising and... very interesting. 

Smirking, Mr Garth slid down to his knees and pulled down Jia Hyson's panties to reveal the hard, trembling cock underneath. It was already throbbing, pre-cum making the head glisten. 

"Tsk, youth," Mr Garth was amused despite himself. His student was about to explode it seems. 

"Mr Garth.." Jia Hyson pants, voice tinged with an admonishing whine as the other idly touched his dripping erection. 

"Sorry, sorry, you just looked so cute," The older vampire chuckles, making Jia Hyson bite his lip to suppress a soft moan as he was praised. Mr Garth raises an eyebrow at the reaction but chooses not to comment at the moment. Instead, he says, "Also, didn't I tell you to call me Darrian instead?" He smirks, a little bit of fang flashing, "Seems like I have to punish you."

Of course, he didn't actually do so, despite his words, he just pressed his lips to the tip of Jia Hyson's dick and slid it into his mouth. 

"Ah!" Jia Hyson cries out, surprised by the way Darrian had took him all in so suddenly, his cock encapsulated by a wet heat. As a tongue skilfully rubs the underside of his shaft while a large hand fondles the soft ballsack connected to it, Jia Hyson's knees tremble, threatening to give out. 

This was his body's first blowjob, and when he played with himself, Jia Hyson had developed a habit of using his ice powers, so experiencing another person's heat again was really- intense! 

Impolitely, Jia Hyson grabs the older vampire's hair to steady himself, surprised for a second how soft it is before he entangles his fingers into it. "Mr- Mr Ga-ah-rth," He pants heavily as his dick twitches in his teacher's mouth. 

Mr Garth hums disapprovingly, the subsequent vibration making Jia Hyson gasp and tug the other's hair, silently trying to tell Mr Garth he was very close. "Mr G- nmmgh, hah, D-Darrian, nm," He manages to squeeze out through his breathy light moans, pulling Mr Garth's hair harder, "Don't I'm... I'm going to.."

The older vampire laughs, admiring the flushed face of Alaric, his usually clean appearance distorted with pleasure and lust. Like a fiery red dye being dripped onto a white rose, it was mesmerising to look at and made one want to smear the colour further into the soft petals, staining it completely under your hands. 

Of course, a rose has thorns for a reason, and Mr Garth did not intend to pluck Alaric's defences while it was still young and pliable. As tempting as it was, Mr Garth had no intentions right now to nurture a romantic relationship, as he held no serious feelings.

This was simply just... giving his cute student a small lesson into adulthood. 

However to his surprise, before he could lay the finishing blow, he gasps as he suddenly felt an icy touch on suddenly on the tip of his ear. In the moment of distraction, his student pulls his head back and pushes him down. 

Mr Garth winces a little, after all, he had been kneeling before and now he was in the slightly uncomfortable position of kneeling while laying on his back, stretching his quadriceps without warning. He wasn't young anymore, his flexibility had degraded in the past fifty years or so not that he likes to admit it. 

Alaric still flushed and with a slight glaze in his eyes, looks down and notices his discomfort, lightly he chuckles. Even though he looked so sweet, soft and pretty, especially in his feminine clothing, Mr Garth couldn't help but suddenly feel a little chilled. Alaric seemed a bit dazed and high, but there was a predatory glint that could not be missed.

"Don't worry Mr, I mean, Darrian," The younger vampire smiles as he drops down and crawls on top of his teacher, "I just want you to enjoy it as well ah-"

Mr Garth stiffly smiles, "Alaric, there's no need. I'm not, uh, I'm not interested in going further." He only intended to let the other release a few times until he was satisfied, maybe stroke himself off in the process to sate his own desires. 

It wasn't that he wasn't interested. Alaric was legal, beautiful and the taboo plus the character gap he revealed was incredibly erotic. But Alaric was a young virgin, and he worried that the young vampire may believe he was in love after the rush of losing his innocence. As a free and easy playboy who needed to sleep with others for his migraines and didn't want to be troubled, he didn't dare get into some messy romantic entanglements with a fellow Golden Rose Coven vampire much less his own student. 

Mr Garth's ideas were good but they couldn't meet the expectations of reality.

"But it seems like you're very interested oh-" His usually uptight and rule abiding student smirks as he presses the obvious bulge in the other's pants, making his hips buck a little at the unexpected pressure. 

Mr Garth groans before frowning. Feeling he has to be a bit blunt and cruel he awkwardly says, "Alaric, you... I want you to know that I don't want you to have any... expectations about, uh, us." He tenses, preparing for his naive student's expression of hurt. But he was doomed to be disappointed. 

Scum Hyson: 'That's so cute, he thought I was going to fall in love with him hahaha.'

Maybe it was because their characters were quite similar, Jia Hyson tacitly understood the other's thinking. If the other took off his tinted glasses, Mr Garth would probably understand him quite well too. 

Of course, it was because Jia Hyson understood that he sympathised. After all, as a man who had slept around and eaten his fair share of delicacies, he also knew that virgins tend to hold romantic expectations to the people who take their first time. While this isn't applicable to everyone, there was enough examples to reach a general consensus on the matter.

Who hadn't heard stories of a young lady fighting her parents and running away from home with a man, because of love? Who hadn't heard about a young man who gave away millions of dollars to a female scammer, convinced they were in love and about to get married? It didn't matter what gender, she, he or they, there would always be victims of this amazing 'true love'. 

Jia Hyson had also experienced his fair share. Virgins were neither common nor uncommon across various ages. As a man who didn't disdain one's experience or lack of it, he treated them all the same- kindly, and then simply breaking things off when he was done. Some were more sensible, some were heartbroken, some were devastated, some were clingy and didn't believe reality and some just went really batshit for a while. 

Jia Hyson: 'I almost got forcibly married to a young businesswoman once because of this ahaha. She took the break up really well in my opinion and then a week later I woke up handcuffed to her in a bride dress.'

Bebe: '...What happened then?'

Jia Hyson: 'Of course, you must play along ah. The main thing is to recover from the shock quickly and not aggravate the other party. Then when the guard is more or less lowered you can fight back somehow. In my case, the businesswoman was really enamoured, after apologising and giving some excuse, showing both weakness and shamed shyness about running away from my feelings, I coaxed her to free me from my handcuffs. I hugged her and told her my biggest regret was that I couldn't propose to her properly, and our wedding is so rushed like this.'

Bebe: 'Fuck, you scum, tell me more.'

Jia Hyson: 'We had only recently broken up, so I still vaguely remembered a few things like her favourite flower and colors, and the fact she had one really loud dog, so I brought them up as I spouted nonsense so she can picture the wedding I thought up for us. She was so moved she let me go, and then I ran to call the police.'

Bebe: Applause.gif 'There should be a crime show just dedicated to the consequences of your dick.'

Jia Hyson: 'It would make a pretty bad crime show ah. The police didn't do anything except provide me a restraining order so I took it gracefully and then killed her a week later.'

Bebe: '...' It's really amazing. What's more amazing is Bebe would definitely watch this show if it aired.

"Don't worry Darrian," Jia Hyson smiles, "I'm a good student, I don't want to have a relationship with my teacher either ah."

Mr Garth: '...' Your words are good but the hand palming my dick really ruins your reliability. 

Leaning over Jia Hyson kisses him chastely on the lips, his hand conversely rubbed the hard length of his teacher even more aggressively, going from teasing to more explicit in intention. "There's a bit of a drug in me, we're both consenting vampires above legal age, and to be honest you're not even my favorite teacher so I think we'll be okay."

"...I'm not your favorite teacher?"

Jia Hyson laughs, "I don't think you're anyone's Mr Garth." He says half seriously. 

He recognised the other's heart was good, and he personally liked and was attracted to him, but it didn't change the fact that, as a teacher, he was really terrible. Chain-smoking, crude, with a hard mouth and puts little effort into teaching. Fortunately, his classes were social classes that didn't actually need strict educational standards, but the lack of effort was fairly obvious. 

The only people who would like him would be the lazier students, and even then there were nicer teachers with gentler temperaments and similar salted fish mindsets toward teaching. Jia Hyson would say Mr Garth was in his personal top 5, and was fairly confident nobody hated or disliked him, but it would be hard pressed to find anyone who would consider the other their favourite either.

Mr Garth: '...Oof.' 

However after a moment of being slightly offended Darrian Garth also chuckles, also finding the humor in his student's straightforwardness. It wasn't like he was passionate about his side job as a teacher babysitting a bunch of brats anyway. 

"It turns out you're so mouthy," He reaches up to ruffle the the other's soft hair before cradling his head and leaning forward for another kiss, this time much less innocently than his student's actions. "That's good, now let's see if I can teach you to use that mouth to soothe my now bruised ego then." He breaths out huskily.

"I'll be in your hands, teacher," Jia Hyson pants, licking his lips in anticipation. 

Adjusting his positions so he was more comfortable, Darrian sat back, still on the floor, with his legs spread open to give Jia Hyson space to kneel down. Jia Hyson cups his own erection through the thin fabric of his nightdress, still slick with Darrian's spit and his own pre-ejaculate. Because he stopped the other vampire before he finished, his dick was throbbing and begging for release, giving Jia Hyson a sweet torturous heat that had built at the bottom of his stomach. It filled him with a frustrated excitement that made his now predatory eyes even more heated. 

It had been a while since Darrian had been on the end of such a passionate gaze and he couldn't help himself from blushing a little. "Y-you, have you done this before?" He asks suspiciously. Ever since he was pushed down he had a little doubt but the good student impression Alaric gave was so strong he ignored it but the raw sexual aggressiveness and hunger the other was giving off was really hard to dismiss. 

Jia Hyson blinks a few times before trying to reign in some of his excitement. Unfortunately, his body was stimulated by the mixed-up perfume's effect and his own delayed orgasm, it was a bit difficult to do. In the end he just unzips Darrian's pants and pulls out the sizeable dick out. Feeling the hot pillar twitch in his hands, Jia Hyson smiles lewdly as he presses the tip to the corner of his lips producing an incredibly stimulating image. 

"You're the first person whose ever done anything to my body," Jia Hyson clarifies truthfully, before snickering, "Of course, that doesn't mean I haven't done some self-education ah-" With that teasing line he strokes Darrian's shaft and sucks the tip of his dick, licking the wetness of the slit before pushing it deeper into his mouth.

"Fucking hell!" Darrian curses as he throws his head back, clenching his fists as his hips subconsciously thrust up. But Jia Hyson was already half-expecting it, his hand pushing firmly the other's hips down to minimise the movement as he relaxes his throat and bobs up at down at a languid pace. 

Because his throat was still not too used to the intrusion, he could only swallow part of his teacher's thick dick without gagging. To compensate he used his hands to stroke and fondle what his mouth couldn't touch, mirroring his movements so it looked like he was using Darrian's previous blowjob as a template for his own actions. 

But did Darrian appreciate this detail? Not particularly. He was too busy gasping under the sensation of Alaric sucking his dick. Even though the other looked like he was a bit sloppy and tentative, Darrian could feel all his weak points being attacked and experienced an intensity of pleasure that he didn't expect from someone inexperienced. 

The pressure and rhythm of the hands were perfect, never too tight and the strokes were surprisingly purposeful and confident after a little adjustment time. Occasionally light and painfully teasing as Alaric licks his frenulum before sucking the tip hard. Such a beautiful vampire taking his dick so skilfully into his mouth, even the occasional slip-ups like teeth scraping against the sensitive skin, only served to stimulate Darrian to even greater heights. 

"Nghe, mnhn, haah," Darrian moans as he could no longer sit up under Jia Hyson's skilful tongue and fingers, lying on his back he didn't even care about his pride as a teacher, writhing and gasping, a hand covering most of the noises from his mouth as he tries to retain his last shred of dignity. 

Jia Hyson of course notices and frowns slightly. What he likes is seeing the other party completely submit to the pleasure, giving the other a sense of helpless embarrassment as their bodies complete betray their wanton natures. Taking his mouth off Darrian's trembling and twitching penis, making the other muffle a groan of confusion. 

"Teacher-" Jia Hyson coaxes, throat a little raspy, "Don't hide your voice ah, how can I learn properly if I don't get any feedback?"

Mr Garth chokes, "You- don't you worry Alaric, I'm pretty sure you're a prodigy." He's had pretty sure he's had prostitutes that were less capable of pleasuring himself with their mouths. If Alaric claims were true, then forget prodigy, this kid was a genius at cocksucking. 

Like a good student being praised by the teacher, Jia Hyson flushes happily and touches his cheek shyly. Aiyah, it's so nice to be appreciated. "Thank you Mr Garth, I tried my best."

Bebe:   

Amused and feeling a bit absurd looking at Alaric's cute and narcissistic expression after sluttily sucking his cock with such vigorous enthusiasm, Darrian smiles back, infected a little by the other's happy appearance. 

Quickly though, the pleased expression of a good student being praised becomes an aggrieved expression of a good student who had just received a poor grade. "But Mr Garth I want to be even better." Reaching out to stroke his teacher's dick, wet and pulsating in his hand, Jia Hyson admires how Darrian immediately falls back down and writhes with a surprised and incoherent noise of pleasure. "So make sure to be more vocal so I know where to improve okay-?"

After that, he quickly takes Darrian's member back into his mouth and continues his previous ministrations, this time a little faster and more energetic than before. 

Under an even more aggressive barrage of pleasure, the older vampire could no longer hold back the embarrassing sounds from his mouth. "Agh, hah... ahh, ah, fuck, nhgnm..." Darrian curses inwardly. Was this kid a vampire or an incubus??

Suddenly he arches up and trembles as suddenly an icy touch skates up his shaft. "Hyaah?!" 

Jia Hyson chuckles, letting the vibrations stimulate the tip of Darrian's sensitive organ in his mouth as he playfully touches his teacher lightly with the tip of his fingernail with had a light coating of frost on it. Darrian moans and squirms uncontrollably as his cock throbs and spurts more liquid into Jia Hyson's mouth. "Ah, Alaric, this... nhgnm, no, this, haah... it's, ah!" 

Seeing how quickly his usually crude teacher was becoming even more incoherent in pleasure, Jia Hyson's eyes curve into pleased cresents. 

Soon under Jia Hyson's skilful hot mouth and the sparks of cold lighting up his nerves, Darrian completely lost his composure and became a drooling, groaning, gorgeous mess. 

Popping his mouth off Darrian's dick which was gushing with pre-cum, threatening to explode at anytime, Jia Hyson grins and kisses the palm of his hand wet with slick, a faint mist attaching itself onto the surface of the skin. Without his mouth and hand holding Darrian's dick up, it slaps messily against the older vampire's stomach, a small puddle quickly forming as his dick uncontrollably drools. 

"You look so good like this Mr Garth," Jia Hyson teases, making Darrian flush with arousal and humiliation, once again reminding him how he had been reduced to this by his own student. 

"D-don't look Alaric..." Darrian turns his head in shame but the way his nipples perk up through his thin shirt and the dilation in his eyes showed how much this was provoking his libido.

"So messy and submissive," Jia Hyson tuts as he swipes a cold finger against the slit of Darrian's dick making the other jerk and shudder as more pre-cum shoots out. "Ah, what to do? I really want to bully you even more."

Leaning over he licks the length of the twitching and trembling dick, while he flicks the wrist of the hand he kissed for a second. 

Seeing that Jia Hyson seemed to be going back to lightly teasing him, Darrian who was so close whimpers. "Please, I, ngh, I, ah, I'm close..."

With a smirk, Jia Hyson smirks and moves down and nips at the base of the other's cock, causing it to jump, "I know."

He then clicks his fingers and activates his ice magic, coating the palm of his hand with a very light coating of ice, and grabs Darrian's twitching dick.

Darrian: "-!!!!!"

The older vampire's whole convulsed, his hips instinctively thrusted even though it pushed his oversensitive dick against the icy cold hand, the chilling cold blinding Darrian with a sensation he couldn't fully process. Climaxing, his semen rushed out, spurting over his body, thick and messy, the release feeling extremely good and even the icy feeling urging him on. 

Jia Hyson was also extremely aroused by the erotic sight, and with his other hand stroked himself frantically before also submitting to his own pleasure and releasing over his teacher's muscular body with a groan. 

As they both recover from the high of their orgasms, panting heavily as they try catch their breath, both of them admired each other's bodies. With the memory of what they just did fresh in their minds, both noticed each other's dicks twitching and hardening slightly. 

Darrian's eyes darken, his eyes which had gone red sometime during the blowjob and was fading back to brown, immediately flashed red once more. Jia Hyson bit his lower lip, his blue eyes also going red once more as well. They both look at each other, and with tacit understanding they both smile depravedly.

"Teacher, I think I still have more to learn," Jia Hyson bats his eyes.

Darrian pretends to be reluctant and annoyed like he was usually during classes, "Hah, well I suppose I can't turn down a student eager for education. But-"

Jia Hyson suddenly squeaks as he finds himself floating in the air before being thrown onto the bed. Darrian stands up and crawls onto the bed toward his cute and slutty student with a smirk. "-this time just let your teacher give you a nice physical demonstration okay?"

Jia Hyson found his arms lifted up above his head like there was an invisible rope tying his hands together. Jia Hyson was both in awe and incredibly excited. So this was Mr Garth's telekinetic powers. Amazing. 

Darrian tilts Jia Hyson's chin up, "Okay?" He asks for confirmation, eyes questioning and probing, trying to find any hesitation or reluctance. 

But how could Jia Hyson stop now. With a smirk he replies, "I trust Mr Garth to teach me the full curriculum, thoroughly-"

The other stiffens for a second before pushing the other down and enthusiastically kisses him, "With pleasure."

...







Jia Hyson and Mr Garth had multiple rounds of sex throughout the night. 

Because the aphrodisiac effect was still running through him, Jia Hyson was not interested in doing too much and just wanted to be submerged in pleasure. After having fun overpowering his teacher at the start, he naturally took a more submissive role after. 

It couldn't be helped. Jia Hyson wanted to play on equal ground as well, but it was more important for his physical needs to be vented before his emotional wants. It was already very good he had lasted so long toying with Mr Garth, but after ejaculating, the heat inside him after subsiding a little, came back with a fiery passion. He no longer had the mind to play many tricks and show off his process. 

Absentmindedly midway through, he wondered how Kylan was doing. After all, the fragrance would have affected him far worse. Ah well, as long as the kid doesn't die, Jia Hyson personally doesn't care too much how the teenager was. It had been a fun week, but it had been only a week after all. He wasn't the type to develop deep loving feelings for anyone in such a short time.

Compared to the little milk dog he picked from the streets and played with for a few days, he rather tangle with this old and handsomely rugged hound on the bed ah.

"Hey, you're okay?" Darrian hugs Jia Hyson's more petite body close to his own muscular naked one. Laying, so his back was facing Darrian's front, Jia Hyson sighs softly in contentment and pleasure as the older vampire kisses the nape of his neck, the scruff of his facial hair scraping his skin lightly.

Speaking of which... 

"Mn.." Jia Hyson turns his neck and gives his teacher better access and enjoys the warmth of the other's masculine body. "I could actually go again, to be honest." He admits honestly.

Darrian chuckles, "Alaric, you're really intent on wringing this old man dry." Even as he says that it was clear from the hot and stiff pillar enthusiastically pressing against Jia Hyson's butt that he was far from tired. Jia Hyson grins lasciviously and turns around to pull the other into a deep and passionate kiss.

Jia Hyson's always been proud of his skilful mouth, and he couldn't help but feel a flush of satisfaction and arousal at the dazed and lustful appearance of Mr Garth after pulling away. Such a cute and stupid look, with the usually frowning face relaxed and flushed, Jia Hyson admired it hungrily before pressing a quick and playful peck on the vampire's lips. 

This snapped Darrian out somewhat. "You, tsk, I really can't believe you're a virgin." He clicks his tongue with faint disbelief, ignoring how it tingled, still sensitive to how the younger vampire had nipped and sucked his tongue in a way that made his toes curl. 

"I'm a naturally good learner, you know this," Jia Hyson smiles innocently. Unfortunately, the hickeys and bite marks scattered across his pale skin and his dishevelled appearance screaming 'freshly fucked' made it hard to associate any word related to 'innocence' toward him.

Mr Garth was naturally not stupid. Such strong ability to play, even to the point he could press himself, this veteran of the bedroom, down and take control of the flow, really couldn't be possible without experience no matter how much of a genius you are in sexual matters. 

Not to mention unlike most other vampire children that are like flowers in a greenhouse, the Rong family will throw their young out to experience life every few months. Generally, the Rongs will come out more appreciative and responsible. At the very least, Mr Garth had not personally witnessed any Rongs showcase any extreme rebellious traits that many young vampires tend to undergo. 

In retrospect, it was really strange nobody from the Rong's had deviated from this template given their freedom, like characters preset to always be loyal and capable people. Then again, it wasn't normal to deviate so far off the edge like Alaric either. 

Ah, it was too troublesome to think about. It's better just to not question too much and enjoy it. After all, it was so rare to find someone this compatible with him.

Playfully, Darrian pushed his student, so he rolled onto his front and crawled on top of him. "Well, you are indeed a top student." He jokes in the other's ear, enjoying how the body underneath shivers practically pressed up against his own as if addicted to his body heat. "As your teacher, I think you're almost ready to graduate and move to the next level of your studies."

"But Darrian," Alaric blinks his eyes cutely, his long eyelashes fluttering as he tries to twist back to face him, "I'm still nervous, can you help me revise? I'm worried I may... slip up."

Darrian chuckles lewdly and pushes the other back down into the bed with one hand while the other hand fondles and gropes the outline of his torso, from touching his hips and soft waist and moving up and reaching to tweak one of his erect nipples, making Alaric gasp and groan comfortably at the touches. 

"How could I say no to such a cute student?" He drops his head down and bites lightly at the tip of Alaric's cute little ear, slightly pink from flushing so hard, "But I wouldn't worry... With how eagerly you like to suck me in, I don't think you'll ever slip up."

Jia Hyson: (,,,>  <,,) ah! ah! ah!

Sliding down, the older vampire kisses the spine of his student with some reverence, marvelling at how soft the skin under his lips is before he finally reaches the softest and plumpest part of his back. 

"Ngh-!" Jia Hyson bites the bedsheet as his slutty hips naturally sway in excitement as his ass is played with. Being kissed and massaged there, pinching and fondling, it built a sense of anticipation in him that made his body shiver in an expectation that would not go disappointed. 

Mr Garth, after touching his fill, sat back and used his telekinesis to lift Jia Hyson's lower body up into the air. Such a position, with his ass up high and his legs opened wide, with his teacher between them, even Jia Hyson blushed in shame, yet it only served to fuel his excitement to greater heights. "T-this is, mhnn, a little embarrassing," He half-heartedly protests.

"You like it though," Mr Garth sadistically tears down his face, and Jia Hyson groaned in the humiliation of being called out, his cock twitching as the other continued to talk, "Such a cute little slut of a student, showing off all your embarrassing places so happily for your teacher to see," He cups Jia Hyson's ass and spreads it apart, revealing the wet and sloppy hole to his lustful gaze. "Even your asshole is so cute, twitching so excitedly after seeing me."

"That's not-" Jia Hyson felt like under Darrian's observations and dirty words he was being boiled alive in pleasure and shame. He didn't know if he wanted to hide or he wanted to be spread out even more, completely and utterly exposed and even more vulnerable to any insults and humiliating words. 

"Hah, it's a little puffy now," Darrian comments huskily, swiping the reddened and slick hole, twitching from overuse and constant stimulation. 

"Mngh..." Jia Hyson trembles and instinctively clenches under the other's shameful groping. "You- stop looking, ah!" He groans, but his leaking dick curves confidently upwards toward his stomach, completely betraying the arousal he was feeling. 

"Okay, okay," Darrian laughs at his usually uptight student's flustered and depraved self. The visual gap between Alaric in class and Alaric here in his arms was so perverted, it was really addicting. "I rather taste instead."

Jia Hyson was a little speechless. This man was really willing to rim his abused hole so eagerly. It should be known that they didn't wear protection since vampires neither could pick up STDs nor were normally affected by the usual problems of doing it raw, so what Mr Garth would be tasting would be his own essence! It was really perverted...

He likes it so much ahhhh! (  ) 

Bebe: '...Damn, Bebe fears this night will never end.' 

Fortunately for Bebe this was really the last round. 

After they finished together, with Jia Hyson riding the other's thick cock until they both simultaneously reached orgasm, both lay entangled in a heap, a little tired but very satisfied and finally fell asleep. 

The next morning the pair woke up refreshed and sprightly. They didn't need much time to recover thanks to their vampirism. Mr Garth especially looked very chipper, his eyebags noticeably lighter than before. 

"Not going to lie kid, this was the best sleep I've had in twenty years." Mr Garth admits as he puts an arm over Jia Hyson's shoulder and kisses the top of his affectionately and fondly. 

Because of the side effect of his power, he would get constant headaches and migraines, to the point of even insomnia, that could only be eased by sleeping with someone, specifically in a sexual manner.

Over time Mr Garth figured out through trial and error that the endorphins and hormones from sex seemed to help him ease his own pain a lot for the rest of the day, the effectiveness depended on how enjoyable it was. And the fact he could wake up so clear headed and relaxed was really a testament to his partner's abilities and compatibility to himself. 

Mr Garth silently added a few more points of goodwill and affection toward Alaric, his gaze subconsciously a bit more indulgent than before. 

"I'm flattered." Jia Hyson nuzzles into the other's body comfortably. His impression of Mr Garth had also improved too. Men tended to think with their lower bodies a lot. It was difficult for the favourability to not improve after a beautiful spring night.

As the younger vampire dives deeper into his arms, Mr Garth touches Alaric's soft hair with his free hand before using it to deftly pull the other's waist closer to his own. "Hey, you really don't feel anything for me?"

"I think you're very good in bed." Jia Hyson honestly replies, "It didn't hurt at all, and I was very comfortable overall. As expected of someone who sleeps around as much as you do." Jia Hyson's voice was filled with sincere praise. After all, there were many men out there who claimed to sleep around so much but only had good looks and no substance. 

Under the name of experience, they will go around giving many women and men an unsatisfying time while using them as both a tool to vent into and a notch under their belt. Jia Hyson disliked those vase playboys the most since he would be inevitably grouped in with them thanks to his own promiscuity. Therefore he deeply appreciates his 'fellow comrades' who were slags with standards. 

Mr Garth: '...' Hm, a bit flattered and a bit disappointed.   

"Well, glad to hear it," Mr Garth scratches his chin, feeling a bit complicated inside. "So, uh, if you're not interested in a relationship, do you want to..." He coughs, a little embarrassed despite himself. After all, he was the one at the start who was more reluctant and more afraid about Alaric getting clingy, but now after an amazing night together, Mr Garth felt like he had face-slapped himself as he found he was the one reluctant to let go. 

Jia Hyson understands immediately and laughs. Raising his head up, he kisses the tip of the older man's scruffy chin playfully, "Okay." He easily agrees, trying to suppress his excitement. It had been so long since he had gotten a proper sex friend ah. Casual with no expectations, it was nice. "But if either you or me find anyone else we're interested in we break it off, okay?"

Mr Garth's heart pounds a bit as he wraps his arms tighter around his coquettish and flirtatious student, "You, you even took the words right out my mouth." He sighs emotionally, feeling like such a treasure was rare he spontaneously decides to ask him something he would've never considered before, "Hey.. I know I said I didn't want a romantic relationship but," The older vampire's usually gruff voice softens a little, "if you don't find anyone else that catches your interest in 200 years and we're still together, why don't you consider me?"

What answered him was a kiss, this time it was not a playful peck like before but the younger vampire reaching out and dragging his teacher down to give a slow and languid entanglement of lips and tongue. Quickly Mr Garth melted into it, both of them groaning slightly as their breath and bodies heated up. 

However they didn't go too far and after a minute broke away. 

"Sounds, ah, sounds reasonable," Jia Hyson smiles. Such an offer, no matter how you thought about it, it was quite a good deal. He really liked it a lot.

Mr Garth lightly traces, the curve of the other vampire's face, "Then do you want to celebrate with one more round?" He asks, his joyful expression turning into a lustful one full of suggestiveness.

Jia Hyson looked at the light peaking out of the hotel curtain and frowns. "I would like to, but I have a puppy to give back.'

...

Returning back to his hotel suite, Jia Hyson once again remembered the puppy in heat he had abandoned. He touches his nose awkwardly before entering the living space. "Kylan? You're still here?"

At the sound of his voice, the teenager rushes out from hall with a tired but excited face. "Jasmine? Y-you're back!" He runs out to hug the other tightly, "I was really worried something happened to you, I- I tried to look for you but..." 

Kylan blushes, remembering the unspeakable urges that tormented his body. He had no choice but to go back and resolve it himself the entire night. Throughout the entire thing he was alternating between being worried about; Jasmine coming back, fantasising about what would happen if Jasmine came back just as affected by the fragrance as he was, and then being worried about controlling himself if Jasmine did come back. "An-anyway, where did you go, I was really..." His voice trailed off as he realised something was wrong.

Taking a step away from the other, the sense of wrongness grows even stronger.

His silver eyes darkened as his gaze became deeper looking at Jia Hyson who shifts a little uncomfortably and guiltily underneath it. Silently he couldn't help whisper in his heart, 'As expected of a Yin shard.' Even though Kylan didn't seem as calculative, at the very least, he still had the strong observational ability and intelligence characteristic of the other owners of the dark-coloured shards. 

Kylan took in the crumpled clothes in Jasmine's arms, the same clothing she wore last night, the oversized black men's trench coat she wore and, most damningly of all, the mess of bruises and hickey scattered across his pale skin, painting an incredibly wanton picture of what must have transpired last night without him. 

The teenager's face became incredibly ugly and, unable to stop his temper bursting out, he grabs the other's wrist and pulls up the sleeve of the coat to reveal even more markings. "What is this?!" Kylan desperately looks at Jasmine's face, trying to find any sign of distress and pain, "You, were you forced?! I- is it my fault? I'm so sorry, you, I, this-"

Jia Hyson sighs, not interested in playing out a drama. To be honest, after tasting Mr Garth, the interest he had for Kylan had dropped by half, and he found the other a little boring. Not to mention their time together was pretty much up anyway, and they would not see each other for at least another year or so.

It's better to throw the small fish he caught into the sea and catch it again when it's a bit bigger ah. 

Now it was only a matter of how to seperate. 

"Don't worry Kylan, I'm okay," Jia Hyson puts on a warm and tender smile. Even if he was scum he wouldn't trick an underage child into believing he was indirectly responsible for him being raped or anything... he might trick a grown man of that, but he wouldn't do it to a silly teenager like this ah. With a coaxing appearance, he uses his free hand to ruffle the other's hair, "Nothing bad happened, really."

Kylan was still on the verge of tears and shook his head in denial, "No, you, don't lie to me! I'm not blind!" With a flushed face, Kylan's grip tightens and he determinedly tells the other, "I may be just a kid, but I-I don't care what happened. I'm willing to compensate you with my life!"

Jia Hyson: 'Ah, this kid is really cute, even if he is a bit chuuni, that makes him even cuter really.' (,,,,) 

"It's really not necessary," Jia Hyson stresses with a doting smile. With a flick of his wrist, Jia Hyson shakes Kylan's grasp on his own arm and blushes demurely. Coughing, he lowers his eyes, showing off an expression of an embarrassed and shy young lady in love. 

"To tell you the truth... I was really upset last night when you went through my things and then, well, after I ran out, I also found I was a little affected. However before anything bad could happen I met someone I admired greatly." ...As someone who could sleep with so many supermodels at once anyway. 

Jia Hyson thought of all the deeds they did last night and felt he really wasn't lying. He had some admiration for his teacher before but now he definitely deeply admired Mr Garth after this. It wasn't often you get such a capable bed partner. Just thinking about it made his face heat up more. Conversely, the more infatuated he looked, the more contorted Kylan's expression was. 

"Because of reasons, I really didn't think my feelings-" (of lust) "-could ever be reciprocated-" (sexually) "-but last night allowed us to finally lift the veil off our eyes and reveal our mutual affection-" (for hardcore teacher-student sex) "-and now we're finally together." (As sex friends)

With bright blue eyes, glittering with joy, Jia Hyson clasps Kylan's hands in between his own and gratefully shakes them with excitement as he smiles, "So don't be upset. I'm really, really happy. I should be thanking you really."

Kylan: '...' Somehow I'm even more upset than before. 

Jia Hyson wasn't completely heartless, nor was he blind to the child's heartbreak. While he found Kylan's expression that perfectly emulates the saying 'the hen has flown and the eggs destroyed,' unbearably cute, provoking his sense of sadism and toxicity. 

Jia Hyson: 'Honestly, I really feel like I could cultivate a top-class stalker in this kid.' 

Bebe: _ 'You're really sick.' 

Jia Hyson: 'I know. But you already knew that.' 

Bebe: 'Bebe knows.' 

Because they bought so much stuff during the week together, Jia Hyson quickly ordered the staff to buy a suitcase and helped Kylan pack the various things he had gotten. While Kylan initially wanted to throw a tantrum and refuse it all, he swallowed it down bitterly, unwilling to push away the last dredges of kindness given to him. 

He tries to keep calm and enjoy what he has, bitterly reminding himself that he, and her, were in two different worlds. No matter how much he wanted to cry, he couldn't afford to shed these tears in front of her. 

It didn't take long to check out and leave the hotel. While he told himself multiple times he should graciously take what he had, Kylan still couldn't bear to leave. "Do you want to," He hesitates, trying to think of some way to stay a bit longer, "Do you want to get some ice cream first?"

Jia Hyson hesitates, expression awkward, "This, I promised my boyfriend to meet him after this and we'll be going back to our hometown after..."

Bebe: Scum Hyson is now online. 

Scum Hyson: Heh, I gave the kid a beautiful memory, even if it ended sourly, I asked for nothing in return. How could it be a loss? 

"Oh... okay," Kylan gave him a smile that was even uglier than crying, "Well, I suppose, this is goodbye."

"I suppose it is," Jia Hyson reaches over to give the other a big hug. Kylan stiffens before reacting, hugging the other tightly, wishing he was better than he was, wishing he was older and wishing he could hold Jasmine close and never let go. "Maybe we'll meet again soon."

Kylan chuckles bitterly, not believing it at all, "Sure."

Calling Kylan a taxi and paying the fare, as well as stuffing some extra money into the other's pocket without him noticing, Jia Hyson finally waves him off with a gentle smile.

"So that's your puppy huh?" 

Jia Hyson was suddenly hugged from behind, a strong smell of smoke hits his nose as the weight of Mr Garth's chin sits on his head. "Heh, jealous?"

"Hmmm, not really, it's just little human after all. Maybe if he was a few years older I would be a bit concerned but I'm confident enough that you wouldn't be able to mistake pearls for swine and throw me away for that." Mr Garth shifts his head, so his prickly chin rubs against Jia Hyson's scalp and messes up his hair a little, much to Jia Hyson's dismay. 

With smooth well-practiced movements, he kisses his finger and makes a quick circle before reaching up to poke his teacher's cheek.

"Ah! You fucking-!" The older man nearly shrieks at the sudden iciness that had attacked his cheek. It was only a little frost but it was enough for him to jerk away, dropping the cigarette from his mouth and swear. 

Laughing, Jia Hyson tries to summon up his usual arrogant and strict appearance as he pretends to chide, "Mr Garth, please respect your position as a teacher and give your students the proper courtesy they deserve."

"Oh?" Mr Garth wipes the cold spot on his cheek with clenched teeth, "Then what about the respect that students should show toward their teachers?"

Jia Hyson blinks his blue eyes, "You're correct," He lowers his head and admits his fault honestly, but then, in a more suggestive tone he adds, "I suppose I am in need of some rectification sir." Like a snake he pounces and his arms quickly wrap around the masculine body of his teacher as he teasingly strokes the man's spine, "After all, I was such a naughty boy ah-"

"Cocky brat." Mr Garth fondly spits out before he bends down to give the other a kiss. "Come on, my room needs to be checked out in an hour before we both have to go back to the coven, we might as well not waste it."

"Sounds like a plan," Jia Hyson moves to hug the other's arm as they both hurriedly walk back into the hotel.

Meanwhile Kylan who was being driven back, stared out of the taxi window in a daze. He recalled what he had just saw, and his eyes darkened, and his hands clenched helplessly.

When Jasmine said that she got a boyfriend, he imagined a handsome, rich prince. A young idol. Someone good-looking and on equal standing, worthy of holding Jasmine's affections. Such a person, he really couldn't compare.

But what did he see? 

An older man who looked like he belonged in one of the pubs his sister likes to frequent! Sure he couldn't see all the details in the distance but he couldn't help but feel indignant and unwilling. 

If he had known... no, he knows now. Kylan taps his fingers on his lap as he falls into deep thought. Before, he felt it was hopeless, but suddenly he wanted to fight.

Next time, next time he sees her again, he swears things will be different.

...

...

The author has something to say: ...I fear this arc may be either very long (40+ chaps) or surprisingly short (30 chaps) but with a mainly all smut no substance plot ngl.   

Jia Hyson: I'm okay with smut

Mr Garth: Same here

Kylan: I'm also good 

Prince Silas: I'm willing

Protagonists and other plot characters: '...'




The Golden Rose coven, like most covens, are like small towns hidden across the world. 

Covens usually will be built in hard-to-reach and isolated places. Some are built underground, either in the forest or even deep under an entire city. Most will use some form of magic or curse to safeguard the entrance, and some will rely on magic entirely to hide themselves. 

Of course, magic has a lot of downsides, especially depending on its form and demand of it. Some relatively new covens who can't afford such large-scale magic or have nobody with the ability to help them have even gone so far as to buy islands to try to avoid relying on it. In some ways, it was quite effective, and many older covens have reached out to either copy or collaborate and merge with those covens. After all, there were only so many islands for sale in the world ah.

Golden Rose coven, befitting its romantic-styled name, actually resided in a garden. Far out in the outskirts of Green City, boldly named The Return to Eden, or simply, the Eden Gardens. It was the largest botanical garden in the country and was filled with a variety of beautiful vegetation and flora from all seasons and collected from different parts of the world. 

It was considered a cultural and even a heritage site where many people will flock to visit, walking around and admiring the beauty of nature. And the Golden Rose coven was hidden in the most private area, far from the business of the tourists, surrounded by a large maze. To make it even more deeply hidden, the entire area the coven sat on was cursed by one of the past vampire kings. Nobody would notice or see the entrance to the coven unless one of their own led them through the labyrinth of roses. Not only that, you needed to smear their blood over your eyes while holding a rose petal under your tongue to be granted access. 

Was it a bit elaborate? Of course, the harder and stranger, the better. Not only that, the king of the coven can even pick which rose species to use and lock in, much like changing the password to the computer every few months.

If one wanted to infiltrate the coven without permission, not only would you have to break into a nationally recognised cultural site, you would have to find the coven among the maze of flowers and even pick the correct rose petal. All this while conveniently carrying the blood of a vampire from the Golden Rose coven simultaneously. Even then, it had to be at least one of noble status. Not just any vampire from Golden Rose would do. 

Unfortunately, this also meant the drive back would be very long.

Jia Hyson groans as his head bangs against the car window as it hits a small bump. His shoulders and neck were stiff, his back was sore, and the headache he had made him want to stab his head with a melon baller and scoop his brain out. Actually, he wouldn't mind scooping out bits of his lower back and shoulder muscle and nerves too. Clearly, they were faulty.

"Surprisingly, you're quite weak to car rides," Darrian notes with a slight frown. Because both of them were coincidentally in the same hotel, Darrian had told Alaric's supervisor the situation, and they shared a car ride home. "You should've told someone to register that. As a vampire, that's not normal; it could be a weakness due to your powers." 

After all, while some powers were more overpowered than others, every power had its own restrictions, limitations and weaknesses. His own was very powerful, and the amount he could move telekinetically was awe-inspiring. Still, it took a toll on his mind. Fortunately, he found a way to alleviate the symptoms, but many weren't half as lucky as himself. 

There was another telekinetic he knew, she could only lift things twice her weight, but she also had hyperthyroidism which is a problem of an overactive thyroid that increased metabolism and made it very difficult to gain weight. 

To many, this may sound good on the surface, but it was considered a disease for a reason. It not only made it hard to gain weight but will also cause the body to lose weight, rapid and unstable heartbeat, increased anxiety levels and muscle weakness, among other things. 

Unfortunately, when this vampire awakened, the problem was not acknowledged. Many people even brushed off her concerns as bragging due to her inability to gain weight. In the end, she experienced many health problems during her life and pressure to gain more weight to make her power more useful to society. In the end, she went untreated and died from heart failure. 

As a vampire, they should not be so prone to these diseases. However, the awakening of some individuals' powers was simply linked to the awakening of a genetic disorder, disease or something else. Why the weaknesses and limitations were so different for each vampire and how the 'cures' discovered can vary wildly was still unknown. 

Therefore, vampires were encouraged to honestly report their powers and problems to the appropriate people. Originally it was all compiled into handwritten diaries and logs. Still, with the internet age, everything was slowly being half moved online thanks to the more technologically competent vampires. This way, if there were previous vampires with similar powers or complications to a new vampire, one could find their information and get a reference on how to control or help themselves better. 

In Darrian's case, there was a telepathic vampire who experienced similar headaches but had found that sleeping with classical music would alleviate the symptoms greatly. Thanks to that, he focused on doing things that helped his sleep cycle. Over time, he finally, albeit more unintentionally, figured out how to help himself. 

Explaining your power and weaknesses to add to the system had a lot of benefits both for yourself and the coven's future. Still, at the same time, there was always the problem of the information being leaked and misused. It was the natural emotion of distrust and paranoia, much like having to give your full address, card details and other personal information to the government or a website. No matter how 'trustworthy', there is always some unease in one's heart if you think too deeply. 

So, while it was suggested and there was a lot of education explaining the benefits of reporting, it was not compulsory to minimise dissatisfaction. Of course, if any vampires were caught with crimes that didn't report their powers and weaknesses, it was assumed they did so with malicious intent, and their punishments would be harsher than others who committed the same crime. 

Plus, as long as you lived in a coven and socialised enough, not to mention if you attended classes, it would be nearly impossible to hide at least your powers. Therefore most vampires didn't find it a big deal to at least register that and a contact address. If anybody really wanted to talk to them about potential problems, they could confirm with a vampire that oversees this database, and after some filling of documents, they can gain the contact address or number. 

Alaric had, of course, registered his information like an upstanding citizen. His limitation was that he had a step-by-step process that must be fulfilled, but in terms of any weaknesses or problems, he left it empty. 

Generally, it was more popular to leave the limitations of one's power empty since it was a more dangerous thing to exploit if it fell into bad hands. Instead, it was more common to fill in any weaknesses if you had any since no vampire would be eager to just let their ailments get worse for the next thousand years of their lifetime. 

Unfortunately, this carsickness was not Alaric's but Jia Hyson's problem. 

Jia Hyson weakly smiles and waves off Darrian's concerns. After all, it wasn't great, but it wasn't anything crippling either. "It's fine. I just don't feel particularly comfortable after long periods in the car. Sometimes it's better than others. I think it's just muscle stiffness or something."

Mr Garth frowns, then reaches over to take off his student's seatbelt buckle. It was a bit ridiculous having vampires wearing seatbelts, but they were still living creatures. Nobody liked getting injured in an accident, after all. 

Most 'teenage' vampires would usually be quite self-assured about their vampire superiority and mortality, thinking that nothing will kill them and they'll live forever- sort of like normal cocky teenagers, to be honest. However, Alaric was still a good child who followed the rules and regulations, so it was impossible for Jia Hyson not to wear a seatbelt even if he altered his character to be more relaxed and less stringent. 

While he had a lot of room to adjust his personality, there were still a few traits that really couldn't be ignored, such as; the inclination to follow the rules, to be very invested in maintaining a 'good child' persona to the general public, and to love crossdressing. 

Therefore, even if he revealed he actually had a wanton and slutty side to Mr Garth, it would probably not be considered ooc given the more or less natural journey of his self-directed sexual awakening. If anything, it gave the character depth to have such a secret side, and while it was a bit shameful, vampires tended to be open about sex, so there were no big problems with this being discovered. It was only his crossdressing he had to be really wary about. 

"Lie down, come on," Mr Garth orders, tugging the other, his actions gentle compared to his rough attitude. Jia Hyson obliges, enjoying the slight stretch that barely eased the throbbing of his lower back. 

Lying on the other's lap, Jia Hyson twists his neck, trying to relieve the tension and some of the pain in his head. However, to his surprise, a gentle force covers the back of his neck, squeezing firmly and then releasing before it presses the base of his skull, accurately pressing the Gates of Consciousness pressure points for about fifteen seconds before releasing and then pressing again. Jia Hyson subconsciously sighs in satisfaction under the massage. 

It wasn't just his neck, but his shoulders, upper and lower back, and even his butt, were experiencing the wonderful feeling of being massaged by many hands. There was not a hint of ambiguity, it was all professional with the intention to release the muscle tension and relax the body and mind. "This is... "

"Do you think my telekinesis is only for fighting and fucking?" Mr Garth chuckles as he idly strokes Alaric's hair. "You know I get headaches constantly, of course, over the years, I picked up on various techniques to try ease my problems. Massage and acupressure is one of them. With my telekinesis I can influence any physical object without touching them- you understand?"

Jia Hyson groans happily. "Nhmmm, yes!" He can feel the ache in his muscles subside under the relief of the pressure on his body and he couldn't help but deeply admire and envy such a convenient power. 

"How's the pressure?" Mr Garth asks a little softly. 

"Mmhn... can you do it a bit harder on the shoulders?" Jia Hyson murmurs, entranced by the massage he received, "My neck area especially is really- ah! Yes, there, oh my god ehnnmn..."

The gentle pressure became firmer, and it felt like multiple fingers were rubbing small but pointed circles on the sides of his neck. The tense muscles around the shoulder blade were also dug into, pushed deeper by the invisible force, mimicking an elbow, blunt but pointed. It was perfect for relieving the soreness. Jia Hyson grunts with satisfaction and relief as he feels a knot in his rhomboid muscles being meticulously worked on. 

Jia Hyson: '...Bebe, I know I'm usually very scared of commitment, but I'm suddenly filled with the urge to get down on one knee and propose.'

Bebe: '...Bebe also doesn't blame you.'

A hot mature man is already very good. A hot mature man who is sexually compatible with you is extremely good. But a hot mature man who is sexually compatible with you and can massage you with his mind? Now that's a fucking man you need to lock down immediately. 

For a few minutes, Jia Hyson relaxed on the back of the car seats, half hugging Mr Garth's waist as he melted under his first experience with a psychic massage. 

In the end, because of the nausea that, while subsided quite a bit, was still there, Jia Hyson still couldn't fall asleep. So he felt he should at least try chat with the older vampire. After all he was being so considerate, it was unfair for the other to do all the work. While they weren't officially dating or anything, Jia Hyson always liked to make sure everyone was having a good time at the start. Besides, he appreciated Mr Garth and this appreciation has increased exponentially in the last few minutes.

Nuzzling his teacher's stomach, Jia Hyson started to chat. "So what were you doing in Grey City? I can't imagine it was for the view."

Mr Garth who was still fiddling with Jia Hyson's hair pauses for a second before continuing to play with the soft hair. Jia Hyson had already changed it back to his usual hairstyle and colour before they left, citing it as a special dye he had bought. 

"Hah, the only good thing about Grey City compared to the rest is probably how cheap the cigarettes are there." Mr Garth scoffs before shaking his head, "Nah, there's apparently some illegal experimentation or something happening 'round those parts. No real evidence, though. Just rumours. The content was disturbing enough though, so they sent a few other seniors and me to take a second look or provide backup if needed." 

Mr Garth pulls out a cigarette and places it in his mouth, biting it absentmindedly. Because his headaches weren't present, there was no need to distract himself with nicotine, but he was so used to the action that he would end up feeling uncomfortable without one or three cancer sticks between his lips. "Since I'm teaching you brats, I was only there for a preliminary search and mainly as backup if needed."

That made sense. Mr Garth's force power was definitely one of the strongest in the coven. His telekinesis wasn't as fancy as Alaric's Icy Kiss, but it was because it was both basic and powerful; the simplicity was an advantage in itself. Not to mention it was extremely convenient. 

If there were illegal experiments found, with Mr Garth on the scene, they could quickly collect as much as possible or efficiently save any victims trapped. Unfortunately, Mr Garth had a more rebellious personality, and the migraines he gained from using his powers too much made it, so he was only willing to participate when he felt he was really needed. It was also probably why he didn't have much of an appearance in the Jessica Fang series except during the later more serious conflicts. 

Thinking on that line of thought, Jia Hyson felt this rumour was related to Kylan's unique physique. After all, there are almost no coincidences, just convenient plot devices. Snuggling closer into the warm body and inhaling the man's scent while closing his eyes and enjoying the massage, he asked, "What sort of experimentation is it? It must be quite serious if you're involved."

Mr Garth raises his eyebrow and taps the other's forehead softly, "You, don't think I don't know what you're doing." 

Jia Hyson smiles, "I'm just expressing admiration for my teacher ah. Everyone knows you don't go out unless it's for serious work."

Pressing his hand to his forehead and trying to suppress his smile, Mr Garth shook his head with fake exasperation, "Why didn't I know you had such a sweet mouth before?" 

"It's because I was too lazy to show it off. After all, you weren't my favourite teacher, ah." Jia Hyson honestly replies, suppressing his own laughter at his teacher's stiffening expression.

It was true, though. Alaric was especially thoughtful toward the teachers he respected and liked the most. The title of teacher's pet was really not given in vain. His favourite teachers were the strict ones who were generally quite unpopular but showed results. Jia Hyson wasn't personally a fan, but he did think strict teachers were quite sexy, so he was willing to play along according to Alaric's previous preferences and attitudes toward the teachers.

Jia Hyson: 'To be honest, if I had to pick a teacher to get fucked by, I really would've preferred the sterner gothic literature teacher, Mr De Len.' (, w ,,) 

Bebe: 'A solemn-faced, mature Hispanic vampire with glasses... yeah, Bebe could see the appeal.'

Jia Hyson: 'Aiyah, say less, I'm drooling, keke.'

Disrupting his fantasies, strong fingers pinched the sides of his cheeks together, making his cute and beautiful face distorted into a shocked, kissy fishy expression. His eyes met Mr Garth's who had a smile on his face. If he couldn't see the visible throbbing vein on his head or feel his cheeks being smushed together like dough, Jia Hyson might've really believed the other wasn't irritated.

"Oh really? So it turns out before you were actually so perfunctory to me ah?" Mr Garth's smile is warm, but the air is a little cold. 

Jia Hyson wittily shakes his head. Though his jaw movement was a bit hindered, he spoke quickly. His blue eyes sparkle with enthusiasm to clarify and clear his name like a student eager to please, "You misunderstand. Even if you're not my favourite, in my heart you've always been the best looking. For others I merely respect them as educators, of course the appreciation is different."

Mr Garth raises an eyebrow before snorting. However Jia Hyson could feel the pressure on his poor cheeks lessen by half. Besides, throughout the entire time, he was still being considerately massaged, showing how the other was merely making a fuss to be petty. Jia Hyson found it quite cute. 

"Best looking, huh? Even compared to Mr De Len?"

Jia Hyson: '...' Damn, is this guy telekinetic or telepathic?

With a flattering smile, Jia Hyson reaches up to rub the other's chest intimately, "Can you compare? You're both different types of beauty after all. While I admit Mr De Len is also very good-looking, my preferences of course, lean toward your type, which is more masculine and wild. Therefore you can't compare."

Mr Garth laughs and finally lets him go, "You really do have a sweet mouth." 

Jia Hyson grins and rubs his cheeks, "So are you going to tell me about the experiments or not?"

"It's not much to say," Mr Garth shrugs, "One of the vampires that watch over here had noticed some strange human deaths, and they were all connected to a pop-up clinic. However, the clinic is unsettlingly hard to track down and the people connected are unwilling to help. Recently, the vampire who reported their concerns and was investigating disappeared, which triggered the concern of the higher-ups. Their last message was about their suspicions toward human-vampire experimentation."

"So, most likely using vampire blood and DNA to try to improve the human body to become a more superior being, I suppose." Jia Hyson sighs. The only thing more cliche would be if the 'illegal' experimentation group were actually backed by the military or something. And they also have made a super vampire monster in their closet somewhere because they still haven't figured out how to fully control it- and probably never will, but that won't stop someone from using it eventually.

The older vampire admiringly nods at Jia Hyson's answer, "As expected of one of the smartest students in the current generation, yes, that's what we indeed suspect." He praises generously and genuinely. 

Jia Hyson: '...The baseline for smartest in the generation seems a bit low.'

Bebe: 'It's a teen vampire romance. What were you expecting? Most people are love brains here.' 

To be honest, if the Rong family didn't have their personalities, acting as the lawful and faithful backbone supporting the Golden Rose's royal family, the coven probably wouldn't have achieved its status as one of the best and largest vampire covens in America. 

After all, the majority of the stories in this world were in the romance drama genre. Therefore everyone in this world was subtly influenced and tended to be very romantically inclined unless specifically written otherwise. It also explains, to some extent, Jia Hyson's personality as he came from a more dog-blooded and dramatic world filled with not just love but intrigue, scandal, murder and so on. 

Mr Garth didn't have much else he could tell his student. After all, it's okay to say general things, but details on the investigation itself were really not allowed. After all, fellow coven members were taking the risk to look for clues and loose ends. Even if Mr Garth had a rebellious and lone wolf-looking appearance, if he really was that sort, with his abilities, he could easily break off from Golden Rose and live independently. 

Jia Hyson tried to pry once but seeing how the other didn't want to be pressed further, he easily let it go. It was enough he had an idea of what was happening and had a few good ideas on how Kylan was related to the illegal human experimentation group. He was only here to improve the story; he didn't need to uncover every mystery. As long as there was an idea he could move accordingly with it in mind.

Seeing how obedient Alaric was in letting the topic drop and not pestering him further, Mr Garth felt relieved and pleased. Nobody hates people who are sensitive to the mood and can react appropriately. 

Instead, they began to chat about their time in Grey City. Jia Hyson brings up his past few days patrolling and playing with his puppy. 

Because Prince Silas was not someone to talk much with since he was usually half asleep, and Jia Hyson had to still play a more upright and uptight role in front of him, it was rare for him to speak comfortably to others in this world so far, so he felt a little relieved being able to talk and talk. 

Mr Garth listened and occasionally put in a few words and comments, happy to just let the younger vampire prattle on and fill the car with liveliness. 

Even if he wasn't enthusiastic, Mr Garth was still a teacher that could be said to not be completely inept and uncaring toward his students that he technically could be defined as teaching. Because his class was centred around socialising, he naturally focused on the best and worst. Alaric had improved a lot compared to the previous year. Still, he was clearly fairly reticent, keeping to his arrogant nature and only choosing to circle around Prince Silas. 

However, it was also obvious to Mr Garth that Alaric had long felt stifled and actually desired to branch out more but won't for various complicated young vampire reasons. At the very least... the other teachers who actually paid attention had observed this and reported to him about it. 

Ah, well, it wasn't like he didn't try to help once he knew ah.   

Of course, now, Mr Garth felt like he understood Alaric better. Not only was he mature for his age and had an arrogant mindset, he also secretly had some interest in crossdressing and was, in truth, very lewd. With that, plus his upbringing in the strict and upright Rong family, it made sense that Alaric would be hesitant to make friends. It wasn't that Alaric couldn't. It's just he was insecure and afraid. The proof was right before him; now that Alaric's secrets had been more or less revealed in front of Mr Garth, he was much more chatty and spirited. 

If Jia Hyson knew what the other was thinking... Well, to be honest, he would applaud. Applaud himself. Ah! He was such a good actor now!

This line of logic was more or less within his planned character development after all. 

Bebe: '...You can only act long-term when you forcibly reshape the character to be closer to your original personality, though. Is that really considered good acting?'

Jia Hyson: 'Sure, it's just called 'making the character your own' ah.' _()_/ 

Finally entering the coven, Jia Hyson bid farewell to Mr Garth.

"Hey, wait," Mr Garth snaps his fingers, and a slip of paper floats toward Jia Hyson, who deftly catches it with one hand. Taking a glance at it, he could see it was a string of numbers. The writing was elegant and bold, contrasting to the owner of the handwriting, "If you need anything or want to meet up privately, just call me."

Jia Hyson smiles, "I think I'll need some after-school catch-up lessons soon then." Suddenly he felt a little reluctant to enter the vampire academy so soon. After all, he's fairly sure Mr Garth wasn't present during the school year in the books. Which was a shame, as Jia Hyson was still far from tired of the taste of sleeping with his teacher. 

"Ah, that reminds me-"Mr Garth claps his hands as he suddenly recalls something, "Don't forget to do your assignment, kiddo. Knowing your group mates, you'll probably be in for a hard time."

Jia Hyson's smile stiffens. "...If we hand in a bad assignment, will you punish me-?" He jokes flirtatiously. 

"Yes." Mr Garth crosses his arms and raises his eyebrow, "Your first failed assignment will be reported to your family. I believe that's punishment enough."

Jia Hyson's face turns black. Indeed it's quite a punishment. One he really couldn't afford to take. Not just because it'll violate Alaric's reputation, which both Alaric and himself value greatly, but also because he didn't dare to experience the infamous discipline of the Rong family. The Rongs would throw their younglings out to the wild to experience life as a character-building activity. It's easy enough to figure out their punishments might be more than a little unusual as well. 

Even if he wasn't particularly close with his family members, much less those in a similar generation to him, the relationship wasn't so cold that they wouldn't chat if they were in the same room together. And everyone knows the universal way of bonding was through mutual hatred and complaints. 

Therefore Jia Hyson heard many stories. For example, one of his uncles had skipped out on an important biology exam to buy tickets for a concert for his current girlfriend and was punished with sitting in a warm room with a frog on his face for three hours. The frog was under anaesthesia and was occasionally sprayed with water, so no harm came to it, but uncle vampire was very much harmed. He won't even accept the warm moist face towelettes offered in planes anymore, and it's been two years since then. 

Another story he had learned about was his cousin, who spent all her money she was assigned for an Economics assignment that was meant to teach her about the value of money, on make-up products. After finding out why she failed, the elders as a result, forced her to live off edible make-up products for two weeks as punishment. While it wasn't like she could die from it nor could get seriously ill, it was definitely enough to disgust her greatly. 

Of course, such extreme measures would not usually be done for people who had constantly been mucking around or were above twenty-five years old when they should know a little better. And, in trouble, as it would be to fail something, as it was his first offence, Jia Hyson knew that his own punishment wouldn't be so bad. Some 'I'm disappointed and worried about you' lecturing for a few hours at worst probably. However, the main point was he could only enjoy as much freedom as he currently had because he was considered the golden child of the generation. 

"Tsk," Too lazy to retort, Jia Hyson leaves with a snort, shoving the slip of paper into his pocket as he leaves. 

Mr Garth laughs. The brat is really too cute.




"Are you-" Jia Hyson presses his fingers against his throbbing temples and resist the urge to yell. Gentle and stern persona, he had a gentle and stern persona. "Are you serious? This is all you guys have produced?" 

Prince Silas plays with his long silver hair awkwardly and coughs, "I tried to tell them."

Abel, Dante, Darius: "..." Tried to tell them our asses!  (  (TT)

Jia Hyson also didn't believe the prince. With a sneer he gives the other a look of disdain as he jabs an accusatory finger at the prince's chest, "You tried to tell them? Even if I believe that, you are a prince. A young leader of the vampires! I don't believe you couldn't have motivated or ordered them to do their part as long as you fulfilled your part as a leader and watched over them." 

Prince Silas averts his gaze guiltily, "This... It is my mistake." 

"Glad you're at least aware of it," Jia Hyson scowls. He didn't intend to be so angry, but having such pig teammates once again really fills him with great frustration and a rage that was unique to all bad group projects.

All he had asked was they come up with an idea and a general story outline. Even a direction. Anything. And yet...

Jia Hyson shoved his hand into his pocket, summoning a pen he keeps in Bebe's system space and pulls it out to circle five dot points from the messy and stained sheet of paper before throwing it at the four vampires. "I've chosen five options from the list of ideas you guys made that I have deemed not incredibly boring, crude, or unreasonable to draw out. I have to finish some other things so when we meet back again tomorrow I expect you guys to be able to at least have made a decision."

"Alaric, wait-" Silas reaches out to try to stop him, but Jia Hyson coldly slaps his hand away and runs off. 

"Wow, this is the first time I've been at the end of Alaric's anger." Abel mildly comments.

Darian nods and picks up the fallen piece of paper with some shame. After all, they had fooled around and only scribbled a list vague ideas for half an hour before going off to do better things. Nobody would be happy with their progress. "Yeah, it does not feel great. Not as bad as I've heard from others who've been yelled at by him but still.. not great."

"Well, all we got to do is pick one of the final options Alaric decided and apologize," Dante peers at the sheet of paper with a furrowed brow. "Wow, I'm impressed he could read our shit, even I can't recognize what some of those lines says and I wrote half of them."

"What do you think, your highness?" 

The crown prince of the Golden Rose Coven lowers his head, and touches his chest which felt like it was aching a little. It wasn't like he hadn't been scolded or yelled at by Alaric before. But it had been a fairly long time since the last outburst. He felt inexplicably uncomfortable. 

A part of him wanted to sleep it off. After all it was troublesome to do such nonsensical assignments and Alaric's temper always cools off eventually. But another part of him was hesitant. Alaric has been upset with him often but this was the first time Prince Silas had seen such visible disdain from the other who was usually so respectful toward himself and others of higher nobility. 

After wavering for a few seconds, Prince Silas made up his mind. "...Let me see what he circled." If he didn't do this then he was sure he would find it too difficult to go to sleep comfortably. 

While the four discussed which of the options would be the best, and most satisfactory for Alaric out of the choices, Jia Hyson had gone to one of the many private lounges in the castle. 

To be honest he really enjoyed this setup. After all this castle was really a castle but the management was far more lax. After all, the baseline of a vampire's physical physique- even an inferior turned vampire's- was much better than human's. Coupled with unique powers such as controlling air, water, telepathy and so on, the need for staff even for such a big castle is greatly reduced. 

There was only about 30 staff, not including guards, therefore, the numerous rooms were mainly unoccupied. This was solved by using the second floor of the castle for more governmental duties, the third floor was for the royal family's personal rooms, and the ground floor was for education and socializing. Therefore there were a lot of private rooms in the castle, similar to a hotel, except you don't have to pay and your definitely not supposed to fuck in there. 

Unfortunately, everyone was a vampire so that rule was more or less ignored 30% of the time. (  ) 

Cleaners of the castle: _

Looking at the doors and checking his phone messages, Jia Hyson squints with some frustration. There was no number identifier for the many private rooms, instead, there was a flower print on the doors. The problem was the majority of those flower prints were roses because they wanted to be on theme. 

"Which one is the fucking Gertrude Jekyll Rose room?" Jia Hyson frowns as he google searches the flower's image, "I don't think I've heard of anyone using it, could it be one of the few ones on the second floor?" It made sense, Mr Garth probably had the clearance to access the private rooms up there.

After texting and confirming it with his teacher, Jia Hyson chuckles lewdly. The second floor private rooms were not only more restricted, but the no-sex rule was also not enforced either. That made it a very popular place to book, but of course, only people of certain status could play around there. 

Biting his lip to suppress his excitement, Jia Hyson trots eagerly to meet the older vampire. 

Eventually he found Mr Garth smoking two cigarettes at once as he sits on a very comfortable long couch and types furiously on a computer. Seeing the man's furrowed brow and serious expression, Jia Hyson's lust deepens. Sometimes there was just nothing sexier then someone working so hard they were completely immersed in the moment. 

Quietly Jia Hyson walks over and sits by him, leaning his body against the other and tilting his head so it rests on his shoulder. As he was about to say hello and something else witty and charming his eyes were drawn to his teacher's screen and the words died in his mouth.

After a moment of silence Jia Hyson asks, "What game is this?"

"Future Finaltasy 2," Mr Garth replies absentmindedly as his right hand moves very quickly as his character executes a triple combo move that created a large amount of flashy special effects that filled the screen. 

Jia Hyson wasn't very big on gaming but he did enjoy good aesthetics and admired the smooth movements of the character as well as how expertly Mr Garth was controlling it. "You're really good," He praises, "I feel like I heard about this game before, it's quite big right?"

"Yeah," Seeing there was a brief respite from the battle, Mr Garth twists his neck to nuzzle affectionately against Jia Hyson's head, "I'm sure you have heard about it, a few people have requested you cosplay as the Waning Moon Guardian on that site of yours after all."

Jia Hyson stiffens. 

With a forced calmness Jia Hyson feigns a soft laugh. "Wait, what are you talking about?" 

Mr Garth also stiffens. Because of his pause, the large horde of robotic orcs surrounding him unhesitatingly bombarded his character with attacks, resulting in the screen greying out with 'YOU DIED' written in large font and some stats underneath. However he didn't seem to care as he closes the laptop and uses his powers to move it away in favour of turning to Jia Hyson.

Taking his hand he kisses the back of it intimately and apologetically. "I'm sorry," Mr Garth murmurs, "I know you weren't ready to say anything, however I remembered you were... dressed up that night and I wanted to do some research since it seemed you quite liked it. I ended up reading this story called Defining My Brother and the author recommended your blog so..."

Jia Hyson: '...'   So my need for outside validation had turned out to be my downfall this time. 

Forcing himself to think negative thoughts, Jia Hyson strains his eyes so they redden and tenses his muscles, so they shake slightly. Timidly he grabs Mr Garth's shirt and looks up at him, "You- you're not disgusted? You won't... you won't tell people right?"

Mr Garth melts at this rare sudden vulnerable and dependent appearance. He felt he was seeing a new side to Alaric, insecure and fragile. Mr Garth gently hugs the other and strokes his back, "Hey, hey, if I planned to tell anyone wouldn't I have done it once we came back to the coven? Besides what good would it do me or anyone else? It's your business, and besides," He separates their embrace only to lean forward and kiss him soft but lingeringly affectionate, "I rather keep such a beautiful secret to myself if I could."

"You're really..." Maybe it was because he had read the plot, Jia Hyson had subconsciously assumed all the vampires would be against his crossdressing habit. That was a bit of an exaggeration. After all he logically knew that the fierce reaction Alaric had experienced was probably due to numerous factors that played against his favour at the time. 

But there was still a wariness in his heart, and it wasn't like he was particularly interested in testing and pushing the boundaries. So he was a little moved. Even with the plot issues aside, it was always nice to meet people that support and accept you and your less than societally acceptably interests. 

"I really," Mr Garth confirms with a boyish grin and pokes Jia Hyson's cheek playfully, "You know if you need help, I'll be happy to do a few things. With my powers you'll no longer have to worry as much as camera equipment at least."

Bebe, who loves social media: 'Fucking marry him.' A man who will hold your camera up high for you just so you can get a better angle for Systagram is a good fucking man.

Jia Hyson: '...' It turns out this is all it takes for Bebe huh.   

"There's really no need," Jia Hyson felt a little embarrassed at the thought to be honest. Not in a particularly negative way but it was just like having your parents find your music and you have to explain to them your tastes, or having normal friends see your weird hobbies and trying to justify your tastes. It doesn't mean he didn't want them to know, it was just weird and uncomfortably awkward to have two things he both liked meet for the first time and he has to express into words out loud things that he didn't need to because it was just simply him liking it by himself. 

Mr Garth senses his embarrassment and laughs. Patting his student's head he reassures him, "Don't worry, don't worry, I'm a vampire that understands boundaries. If you don't want me to enter that private part of your life yet that's fine too. Hell, even if we go our seperate ways I hope you know I will not stoop so low to spread this information around either." The tone was casual but the words were genuine. 

Jia Hyson nearly sighs emotionally at those words. But outwardly he blushes and inwardly his heart warms a little. Such a good man, it was a pity the original Alaric's path never really crossed over with Mr Garth's, he felt things would definitely have taken a less bleaker path. "No, no..." He smiles and curls into the other's body, "I, I would like it if you could, uh, well, I would like it a lot I think."

"Okay," Mr Garth indulgently agrees, not asking for any clarification to the rather vague answer. There was no need to push, he was sure Alaric would figure out how much he wanted himself to be a part of it once he had some time to think. "You're last post was very cute by the way."

Jia Hyson's cheeks heat up, embarrassed by extremely happy under the simple praise. 

After some more emotional back and forth, the pair continue to languidly exchange kisses, sweet and full of affection. Quickly though, the sweetness naturally became heated and spicy, making them both shrug out of their clothing as they entangle themselves together. 

"You're still a little loose hah," Darrian sighs as he pushes his hard dick into Jia Hyson's twitching hole, groaning as the warm tightness slowly envelopes his erection. Jia Hyson gasps as his hands grip the couch upholstery above his head, exposing his naked body to his teacher's lecherous eyes. 

"Uhnm... ah.. whose.. fucking fault... nghn.."

"Yes, yes," Darrian groans as he thrusts inside, fully sheathing his manhood inside Alaric's right body before he pulls back and thrusts once more, this time hitting even deeper inside.

The feeling of Darrien's large cock stretching his insides made Jia Hyson's own dick twitch and dribble out precum in excitement. He could feel his inner walls tighten against the hot, throbbing pillar, lewdly clamping against his teacher, as if reluctant to let him go. 

"You're so eager, nghm.. sucking me in... I, hgn.. love it..." Mr Garth hoarsely whispers into his ear as he picks up the pace, pistoning his cock in and out of Jia Hyson's ass, creating sloppy and lewd sounds that made both of them even more ashamed and excited. 

Jia Hyson moans incoherently as his hips subconsciously lift up, the angle allowing his prostate to be further stimulated with every thrust, each slide of his teacher's dick rubbing that sensitive spot that made heat coil in his stomach and his toes curl. 

Reaching up, Jia Hyson wraps his arms and hug's the firm torso in front of him. "Ah... uhnn..." He pants and whines, scratching up Mr Garth's back as he clings tightly to him as he rides the fierce waves of pleasure that rolls over him. 

Darrian buries his face in the crook of his student's neck and groans, the pain of Jia Hyson's nails on his back making the pleasure he feels even more exquisite. "Feeling, hah, good, hn, brat?" 

"Not, heh, b-ah, ah... not bad..." The younger vampire unconvincingly replies. 

Mr Garth smirks, "Well, we can't have that can we?"

"Well, what are you- ah! FUCK!" Jia Hyson throws his head back and gasps, squealing incoherently as they were suddenly flipped over. Suddenly he was sitting on his smug teacher's hard dick, the gravity from the sudden change in position making the thick rod sink even deeper into him, filling him up even more. "You, uhnnn... ah.. ahnn.." his initial words quickly dying as the older man began to thrust up, hitting his sensitive prostate even harder than before. 

"Hahah, mhnn.. not bad..." Darrian admires the sight as he lies below, he even uses his telekinetic powers to force Alaric's hips to twist and grind into his groin wantonly while he flicks the other's hardened nipples and enjoys the other's cry of pleasure.

Gritting his teeth, Jia Hyson wipes the tears caused by the intense stimulation from his eyes and refuses to not passively give in to the pleasure. Leaning forward, he kisses the palms of his hands and flicks it a few times before he grabs the other man's pectoral muscles and smiles, squeezing the large muscles provocatively. 

"Nhn.. not bad huh? Well we, ah, can't have that can we?" He mocks, mirroring the other's previous words before he grins wildly and activates his magic.

Mr Garth: !!!

After two rounds of sex both of them went to the bathroom to clean up. Yes, as a private lounge on the second floor it was the equivalent to a hotel room without the bed. Jia Hyson heard though that some of the even fancier rooms also came with sleeping quarters for people that worked overtime in the castle.

After some flirting and soaking, the pair went back to the couches to laze around, uncaring of what they had both been doing a half an hour beforehand. For both these two slags, they didn't bat an eye or feel any real shame, and in terms of mess... well most of it went on Jia Hyson anyway. 

"I'm going to get some food, you want to watch something while you wait?" Mr Garth points at the large screen television on hand. Jia Hyson has to admire the vampires. They really knew how to enjoy themselves. There was no hard insistence toward living traditionally despite what the initial decor of the castle would say, if there was any good things out in the world, the vampires wouldn't hesitate to buy it. 

"Sure," Jia Hyson was polite and Mr Garth twists his finger and the remote on the opposite side of the room flew and dropped onto his lap. Jia Hyson clicked his tongue as he picked it up, no matter how many times he saw it he couldn't stop being a little impressed and entranced. "Thanks."

It was the same for his own and everyone else's abilities too to be honest. After all he was a man who lived a non-magical life, seeing these exaggerated powers, he still can't help but feel it's very fantastical. Even if he has already adapted and to some extent, take it for granted, occasionally he will sink into contemplation and wonder at how magical everything was. 

"I'll be getting stuff from the Bloodbath, anything particular you want?" 

Jia Hyson's eyes lights up and touches his stomach which felt quite empty after their previous exercise. Bloodbath was a popular place in the coven where they were known for authentic international dishes that traditionally used blood in them. After some thought he answers quickly, "I'll take a large portion of blood porridge with extra liver, and some sanguinaccio dolce please."

Mr Garth stands up and gives Jia Hyson a thumbs up to show he understands before he kisses the other quickly on the top of his head before leaving. 

Touching the top of his head tentatively, Jia Hyson awkwardly pushes some stray hair behind his ear before he begins to start flipping channels.

Bebe who had been silent, speaks up, "Hey.. are you really thinking about being serious with him?"

Jia Hyson shrugs. "I'll only know the longer I spend time with him, but I'm not very against the idea for now." Even though he was a slag man, he had lived multiple lifetimes with a long term partner. At the very least he didn't have such a strong fear of commitment that he had in his original life. 

In the end the fear of commitment can more or less stem from the awareness that you had a limited time in this world. Only having at least forty to sixty-ish good years before you start to consider retirement is both a long and not long time depending on your mindset. And with the older you get, the faster you perceive time passing, making one tend to lean to the latter mindset more or less. 

Jia Hyson was no exception. But it's different now. Because he had the opportunity to live a potentially unlimited lifetime. And after living through more than a few lives, the fact had truly resonated in him. So while he still had a slag mentality, it could be said that his openness toward a longer term relationship has also improved. Or maybe, it was just his perception of short term relationships had changed a little.

After all, what is a staying with one person for a few months when Jia Hyson now had literal lifetimes to spare? Maybe before it seemed like a lot of time wasted, but now he no longer was so opposed to the idea and was a little more patient and accepting to what he used to deem as dealbreakers. It wasn't much but it was some character growth at the very least.

"What's it to you anyway Bebe?" Jia Hyson finally settled onto a show on the Animal Earth channel about nudibranchs. 

Bebe pauses and hesitates. After so long with its host, Bebe knew that his question would be something Jia Hyson might feel a bit irritated by. The system is fairly sure the other wouldn't go so far as being offended but Jia Hyson had repeatedly emphasised many times his opinions on sexual and romantic freedom. If Bebe questioned why the other showed minimal interest in the shard holders wouldn't that just show a lack of faith among other implications? 

In the end, Bebe swallowed it down. While it suspected that they could only collect the shards only if they move the hearts of these shard holders, it didn't necessarily have to be reciprocated mutual love anyway. Another factor was that nobody fully understood the reasoning for the presence of the Bipolar Prince's shards. For all they know they could be hindering whatever path the prince had intended by shattering itself and spreading the shards across the many worlds by extracting and collecting shards they find.

Instead the system asks, "Aren't you interested in having a high school romance? You never shut up about it, so wouldn't it be unfortunate that you finally have this opportunity but you're in a relationship at the time?"

Jia Hyson rolls his eyes and waves the question off with a laugh, "We're still only officially sex friends. Meaning we aren't exclusive and I can consider temporarily breaking it off if push really comes to shove ah." 

Bebe: '...' Peh, scum man.

Changing his position as he lies languidly on the couch, Jia Hyson smirks, "Don't be so sensitive ah. I say that but honestly I don't foresee such a situation happening. In the end, the chances of transmigrating into another world where I go to school is far greater than meeting a telekinetic teacher who knows where to put his dick."

Speak of the devil and he shall appear. A few minutes after, Mr Garth returns with two bags of food floating around him. "Your blood porridge and sanguinaccio dolce." Mr Garth's powers was really convenient. While he went to sit down next to Jia Hyson and kissed him intimately on the cheek, his telekinesis had pulled out all the packaging, utensils and napkins and set it out on the coffee table.

"What did you order?" Jia Hyson asks curiously as he watches the food be unpacked by invisible hands. 

"Papas de sarrabulho with extra neck meat and blodpltta." Seeing the other's greedy little look, Mr Garth chuckles. As a person who had spent far longer than he would like to admit on Alaric's crossdressing blog, he had a good idea of what a sweet tooth the young vampire turned out to be. "Don't worry, we can share the food."

"You really know how to treat a vampire well," Jia Hyson happily gives Mr Garth a quick peck on his scratchy chin, his lips buzzing under the slight friction of the stubble. To be honest he was sorely tempted to go another round. However he knew the other really was a little tired and held himself back. Mr Garth was still a little old after all, its not good to push him too much.

Such an adorable action, Mr Garth felt his hands itch, wanting to reciprocate with interest. However he knew the other really was a little tired and held himself back. Alaric was still young after all, its not good to push him too much. 

Both a little sexually frustrated they sat down on the floor, leaning against the sofa and it each other, and began to eat at the coffee table. Quickly they forgot about their desire for sex in favour of the desire of consuming good food. 

Neither of them were necessarily talkative but they weren't the type to be completely silent either so after most of the hunger was sated and they slowed their eating down, they began to talk.

"How is your group mates and your uh, novel assignment going?" 

Jia Hyson rolls his eyes, "It's a comic, you should really know this."

Mr Garth shrugs as swallows a spoonful of the thick stew, "Not really, I'm pretty sure I just gave you that assignment because I recently read some garbage visual novel and thought- 'Hey, this is shit, I bet even those idiot students could do better,' and yeah."

Jia Hyson: "...How much do you get paid again?"

Stirring his spoon, Mr Garth hums, "About half a million dollars a year? My brother is trying to curb my spending. It's not too hard though since he still lets me go to his hotels for free, so it's not too stressful."

Jia Hyson and Bebe: Damn the rich :)

"Anyway, your group mates? How are you handling them?"

"They're children," Jia Hyson rolls his eyes in response with some disdain. 

"They're nearly in their thirties," Mr Garth comments as he sucks in the nicotine from his cancer stick before blowing it out away from his student's face.

"So am I ah," Jia Hyson clicks his tongue, "At this age they could have children already, it's a matter of mentality now, not age."

Mr Garth takes another breath from his cigarette and wisely doesn't comment given his own situation. To be honest, it is true once a vampire sexually matures, physically, the main thing vampires will look for to consider young vampires more 'legal' is emotional maturity and awareness. 

It's quite a grey line really. One that was annoyingly, a very popular topic for debates assigned during their english classes. After all, an immature thirty year old vampire could run out and impregnate a thirty year old human woman. In human laws it was perfectly fine, but through a vampire's eyes it could be considered unintentional pedophilia on the woman's part depending on the vampire's maturity. 

If the vampire had been observed to have a good self-awareness, sense of logic, and understanding of emotional aspects and consent then the problem is not bad. But if the vampire had a poor record of these aspects they're considered not ready to be defined as an adult. This is why there's a large importance to a young vampire's grades in social-based classes as it's the best indicator for this rather shaky definition. 

Fortunately Alaric has shown very good results and in the eyes of many elders was considered the most mature vampire of his generation. (-)b 

Unaware of the other's thoughts, Jia Hyson, finding another person to vent to that wasn't Bebe, started to complain a bit. "They're better now but I have to explicitly tell them what to do. They won't actively do things most of the time and it's quite frustrating. Especially Prince Silas, like honestly."

Mr Garth hums again, also refraining from saying anything about the crown prince of the coven. He was well aware the other vampire's intentions toward Alaric was not just simply friendship and he selfishly did not have any intention of revealing it to either of them. Deftly he changes the subject, "Well, don't work too hard. Speaking of, I'll be a little busy when do you want to meet next time?"

...

After another after school group session in the library to work on the comic, Jia Hyson checks the time as well as the progress of how everyone was going and nods in satisfaction. "You guys are doing great, we're actually ahead of schedule, potentially even more ahead depending on whether the deadline gets extended again. Everyone can take a break, we'll work a bit more in a few days and if you want, go ahead and bring some sheets for you to do while you're free."

"Yes." "Okay." "Oh thank, the good vampire lord we're done." Abel, Dante, Darius dropped what they were doing with varying levels of relief. 

Jia Hyson puts on a stern face, squinting while pointing at his eyes before pointing at Darius who made the biggest audible sigh of happiness, and faux sneers like a strict teacher looking down at their worst student, "I'll be watching you."

Darius slumps in his seat while the other two laugh in schadenfreude. Even Prince Silas smirks a little.

After a bit more bantering and packing up, Jia Hyson hurriedly waves the group off before he suddenly found himself floating. "Ah-!"

"Hey, hey," Mr Garth shushes as he moves Jia Hyson into his open arms, positioning him in a bridal position before leaning down and kissing his mouth flirtatiously, "No screaming now, don't want your group mates to notice and come back to be our lightbulbs do we?"

Jia Hyson lightly and playfully hits the other's broad chest, "You, you were the one who lifted me up without warning! How could I prepare myself ah?" However, contrary to his coquettish anger, he was smiling with obvious enjoyment at the man's actions. The difference between an inexperienced lover and an experienced one was starkly shown, Jia Hyson enjoyed it immensely. 

While he loved training up the inexperienced to fit his tastes, too much of the same thing can turn a delicious meal tasteless. Mr Garth came already well versed in the art of love and Jia Hyson didn't need to do much but reciprocate happily. 

As they flirted a bit more, they quickly descended into making out in the room, completely unaware the door, which had been once shut, was now slightly ajar.

...

"Wow, wow it looks really good!" Dante praises enthusiastically as he lifts up one of the finished pages of the comic.

"That's because you did barely anything to it." Abel jokes without even looking up, too engrossed in colouring the paper in front of him. 

Darrian didn't say anything, carefully outlining another page with ink. But the smirk on his face was undeniable.

Because of their lack of collective artistic ability, Alaric had given them basic jobs that could be done as long as they concentrated hard. As vampires as long as they applied themselves, these rather basic tasks like colouring the base colours, some shading and inking could be learned easily. Of course it does vary between vampires, for example...

"Don't get distracted," Jia Hyson gently chides as he slaps Dante upside the back of his head. "Until you colour that flower properly I'm not going to let you touch anything more on the comic."

Dante looks down at his paper. There, various flowers was drawn onto it and half of them looked like an infant with poor motor capabilities had tried to fill it in. With an ugly expression he glances at his friends who were concentrating on their respective tasks. Even though they were doing neither terribly nor anything especially praiseworthy he could see them shining like they were angels doing god's work.

With a depressed and masochistic heart he turns to look to the other side and was instantly blinded. 

Prince Silas with a paintbrush in hand, artfully and professionally used watercolours on top of the base colours and mixed the two to produce a smooth colouring that gave the comic a new level of aesthetic pleasure it didn't have before. One couldn't have imagined the person behind this was someone who had only learned for only three months much less under a week like Prince Silas had. 

Even Jia Hyson couldn't bear to look at the prince as he paints. He could only sip vinegar silently and wish he was a better drawer. After all, such delicate and harmonious blend of hues blended together... really made the cute bunny cartoons seem completely unworthy of receiving such care. 

Jia Hyson: It's like if a professional artist helped a middle schooler's art homework. 

Fortunately, because the papers were cursed so Miss Reina can conduct her psychometry powers on them, at the very least nobody would suspect them of cheating. Still, Jia Hyson felt a little ashamed. After all his drawing skills was passable but it wouldn't be considered fantastic. Not only that the content of the comic was also very simplistic.

The comic idea that was finally decided on was about a small purple bunny who did his best but because of a defective birth defect that makes his foot crooked, his luck was quite bad which results in some unfortunate events. However even though he was teased a lot, the rabbits in the community were very nice and sympathetic to his plight.

Dante: That was my idea. (-)b

...Then the hunters came to burn the rabbit community and capture all the rabbits in order to harvest their lucky rabbit feet. 

Dante: QwQ That was not my idea. 

Jia Hyson: I had fun drawing the rabbit gore ,,UwU,,

Abel: (  _  ) I didn't realise Alaric had so much inner violence inside of him, damn.

Darius: I really don't like some of the rabbits in those scenes vaguely look like ourselves and classmates. _(   )_ 

Prince Silas: Why does the bunny that looks like me die by being roasted alive after the arms and legs get torn off?   

Feeling the turn went too dark, the unlucky rabbit bravely helped protect his crush, the princess rabbit and escaped with her. Because of his clumsiness, he tripped during their escape and they both fell of a cliff. 

They find themselves in a new place, and the rest of the story is them trying to learn to find a new place to live while slowly falling in love. 

Of course, Jia Hyson found it a bit basic so he added another scene at the end.

After the two bunnies finally confirmed their love and built their burrow in a new kingdom after many small trials and tribulations, the purple bunny will hug his beloved princess to sleep and then the story will flashback- revealing that he was the one behind the massacre of his rabbit community. 

Abel and Darius: ...Bruh. ( `)( `)

Dante: ...My cute bunny idea. ( `)

Prince Silas: ...( `)

Such a cute style of drawing would of course make the more gory and darker scenes seem even more disturbing and full of a sense of uncomfortable dissonance. What was even more contrasting was Prince Silas' beautiful watercolours that created a gentle and perfect appearance but for the twisted scenes of rabbit mutilation and the flashback of the purple bunny's true selfish cruelty the art style was taken over by Alaric and it became less clean and more distorted as it used the eerily childish medium of crayons. 

To be honest, Jia Hyson was still a little unsatisfied with it, but for a short comic it was passable. However it was undeniable Prince Silas' input to the comic was such high quality it almost outshone every other aspect of the comic, its perfection seeming to highlight everyone else's flaws. 

But what could he do? Jia Hyson didn't realise his anger would stimulate the lazy prince so well, that the other would actually actively work hard for this group assignment. Now that he finally gained a work ethic he couldn't exactly tell the prince to tone it down, wouldn't it just be slapping his face and sending mixed messages? 

Jia Hyson worked on refining his drawings for the last few pages but was quickly distracted as his phone made a small sound indicating he had a new message. Glancing over he sees that Smoking Hot Teacher had sent a text saying that the new lighting equipment he bought had arrived and asking if he wanted to come over to his place when he was free. With a smile, Jia Hyson glances at the time and sees it has already been a few hours since the group project started. 

"Okay, let's stop for the day," Jia Hyson announces a faint sense of excitement and anticipation thrumming in his voice as he starts to pack up. Dante, Darius and Abel didn't notice anything, just relieved to stop and go off to play freely for the rest of the day. Only Prince Silas seemed unhappy to stop.

The faster he packs up, the slower the lazy prince moves, making him a little irritated. As the untitled leader of the group project, Jia Hyson needed to collect all the papers of their project since he felt he really couldn't trust them all not to lose or damage them after Abel accidentally set one of the pages on fire. Unfortunately that meant he had to wait for the prince before he could leave.

"You need to let this dry," Prince Silas points out as Jia Hyson reaches out to take the paper. Jia Hyson sighs and sits down, pinching the hem of his clothes a little impatiently. Prince Silas notices this and the depression in his heart grew deeper. Is he really so excited to meet with that teacher? More than spending time with himself?

Even though both people had some dissatisfaction in their hearts, they were still friendly enough and began to chat about idle things. Unfortunately, while they had a long-term friendship, the fact is the foundation was really shallow for most of it. Alaric mainly nagged the prince and the prince essentially ignored the other for the most part. Now the relationship is improved and warmer, the shallowness was still there. After all they had little to talk about in terms of common interests. 

Silas was lazy liked to sleep. So he didn't have the heart to explore other hobbies and could only chat about classes and a few books that had taken his fancy. They were good topics but there was a limit to how often they can be reused after so long. Jia Hyson was thankfully a good speaker, bringing up interesting talking points and icebreakers that don't feel too forced in conversation such as bringing up some of the latest news or wondering what mermaid society would be like logistically. 

However even then, Prince Silas, while smart, could feel the gap between his own knowledge and Alaric's, and for the first time felt a little ignorant, narrow-minded and inferior. At the same time he was awed at Alaric for thinking of so many creative things and having so many interesting opinions and felt an unprecedented interest to at least supplement his knowledge and open up his world view a bit more. 

Feeling humbled Prince Silas sighs, "Talking with you, I feel like I have been a little wrong with how I lived Alaric. May I ask if there's some good books for me to read? Your ideas are very interesting and I would like to develop my own opinions as well."

Jia Hyson didn't like ignorant people but he didn't hate those willing to learn. Seeing that Silas struggled to say much, but didn't become irritated and instead bowed his head to ask for help, Jia Hyson of course was happy to help. "You've been asleep for so long, you still don't understand the internet, which is very detrimental to yourself. Here, let me show you-"

Prince Silas seriously paid attention as Jia Hyson showed him the basics, search engines, blogging, video sites and so on. The internet was still budding so there wasn't too much complicatedness to it and Prince Silas was undeniably intelligent so he quickly picked it up after a rough overview. "Humans are really capable of a lot," He admires, "It's far more convenient than books."

"There are some websites that will write stories but the majority of fiction is still in books though." Jia Hyson reminds him.

The prince tilts his head, "Well, could we get someone to start one of these sites, purchase copyrights and then put them up online? Then we can charge people for the convenience of reading it online but at a lower price than physical books."

Jia Hyson was stunned. As expected of a lazy genius, he could come up with such an idea that in the future will make a crazy amount of money just after being introduced to the concept. Not only could he come up with it, he had the ability to also make it become reality. "That's, that's quite brilliant. I believe if you ask your father, he will also see the potential of the idea should you voice it to him."

"Hm, I'll consider it," Prince Silas hums but the pride in his eyes from the praise was hard to hide. It was cute. Jia Hyson wanted to pet the other's head but refrained out of courtesy and respect for royalty. Glancing down he noticed after talking for so long the watercolours have long dried and he recalled Mr Garth's message. 

Jia Hyson's gentle smile subconsciously becomes much brighter, and he stands up to finish packing away things. "Well, I must go, I'll send you a list of books I quite like and recommend tomorrow, and don't forget to talk to your fatheraboutthisidea-"

Prince Silas frowns as Jia Hyson's words become faster and faster in his impatience, he grabs his hand, "Where have you been going? You've become the first to want to leave a lot recently and you're not in the library anymore. Did something happen?" 

Feeling the pressure of the prince's grip, Jia Hyson also frowns, "Nothing happened I just have other things to do."

The black eyes of Prince Silas flash darkly, "Is the thing you have to do a boyfriend by any chance?"

Jia Hyson wasn't stupid, he knew the change of attitude and attentiveness to himself from the prince was not because the other suddenly felt the need to establish a good brotherhood with him. Prince Silas was interested in him, whether he fully comprehended it or not, it was fairly clear to Jia Hyson that the other not only liked him but also had started to cultivate a sense of possessiveness toward his person as well.

However, he ignored it. In the end, Prince Silas would be fun to fuck but there was too many messy problems to consider, plus the other's personality was one that had to be catered to not necessarily one that could dote on himself like he preferred. 

Especially when he had a sexier and more emotionally mature teacher on hand. Maybe if Mr Garth weren't there, it wouldn't be such an issue, but now that he is, he would be a fool to trade Darrian for Silas right now. 

With a sneer, Jia Hyson flicked his wrist and shook off the prince's grip. "So what if it is? It's not illegal is it?"

Prince Silas flounders for a but. "You- as a noble vampire you aren't you supposed to conduct yourself correctly? Isn't that what you like to say?"

"As a noble vampire it's my duty to serve the royal family and protect the coven to the best of my abilities while maintaining a noble's grace and elegance." Jia Hyson straightens his back pretentiously and pats his chest, face full of righteous indignation. 

"My personal life has nothing to do with it. And even if it did, a noble vampire must conduct themselves beautifully and indulge in the benefits the vampire god has blessed us with while we strive to produce offspring for the next generation. Therefore as long as I don't do anything bad, I am not going against my ideals as a noble by living a little wantonly."

Bebe: 'Fancy words for what is essentially a 'I have the right to fuck what I want, and you can't stop me,' tirade.' Clap.gif

The words pierce Prince Silas' heart but he still grasps a sentence with some desperation, "Serve the royal family? So, so what if I ask you to break up?" He blurts out before immediately regretting it. 

Jia Hyson chuckles but it is low and full of contempt, "Prince Silas, I respect you greatly and treat you like a good friend. If you ask me to break up and give me legitimate reasons for it I shall consider it, but if you're ordering me to do so then I'm afraid we may reach an impasse that may produce a result you may not like."

Prince Silas flushes with shame and anger. How could he not understand that the intentions in his heart were more or less seen through by Alaric. Not to mention the other's actions made it fairly clear he had little intention of giving Silas hope. 

Silently, Prince Silas stands up with clenched hands. After breathing heavily he quickly steadies himself and looks up, his black eyes that were usually so clouded with sleep and laziness bright and determined. "I understand. Right now I'm not someone you're interested in. But we live for hundreds of years and we're only thirty now. I'm sure I will change your mind eventually." 

Jia Hyson was a little taken aback. To be honest, with the prince's characterisation he really didn't think the other would want to make such a big effort to continue to pursue his interest in himself once he felt it was too troublesome. Could it be because this was the first time the other felt so strongly about something he was reluctant to give up this time?

Interesting.

With his usual gentle smile that held a shadow of contempt, Jia Hyson still looked like his restrained self but also held a faintly villainous air, making Prince Silas unable to look away. 

As he left, Jia Hyson pats the other's shoulder and chuckles softly, still light and easy but it made the prince's spine tingle and strangely enough produced an inexplicable heat downwards through his abdomen that made him blush and shift his legs in embarrassment. 

"I look forward to it my friend, ignoring everything else I sincerely hope you finally become a vampire worthy of being a king." Alaric's voice was slow and sincere, but somehow this casual and warm attitude given the context was somehow a little chilling to the heart. Yet Prince Silas couldn't help but feel more and more yearning. 

It was like he had always seen the other as a rock, dull and easy to ignore. Later on he felt once the edges had been smoothed into a particularly shiny pebble it became comfortable to hold and keep by his side, and he was reluctant to let it go into other people's hands. But now.. it felt like the pebble had cracked a little, revealing the jagged but no less beautiful crystals underneath. Like a geode, it could only be fully admired if you could completely crack it open and see everything it had to offer.

Prince Silas' black eyes darkens as he watches Alaric walk away but he doesn't chase him. He's no dog but a noble prince. And a lazy one at that. Instead of rushing to attack it was better to become a trap, ready for the other to fall in under his enticements.

Yes. Eventually he will make sure it will be Alaric who would be the one coming back to him.

...

...


...

...



...

"Come on, Kylan," Kylan's sister, Olivia, impatiently crosses her arms, eyes flashing red in irritation, but she quickly covers it with her oversized brand name sunglasses. "Get in the car. You like cars; look it's even a Bentley." The last word was said with great pride as if she was the one who had pieced together the elegant dark car herself.

Kylan sullenly stares at the car, silver eyes gloomy and not enthusiastic at all.

How could he be? This was a car that belonged to the man his sister was mistress to. No matter how good-looking the car was, the reason for its presence was too shameful. 

He wanted to impulsively yell and shout at his stupid sister. Kylan knew she was often at bars living off men but to actually run into the arms of a married powerful man and ruin a marriage... should he praise he for being so capable or praise her for being so stupid and vicious? 

Olivia could see her little brother's disdain and rolls her eyes, "Oh, don't pull that face with me, the food you eat and the clothes you wear, isn't it all thanks to me?"

Kylan grinds his teeth and lowers his head in a silent acquiescence. It was true, he hated his sister's choices. Still, he also relied and depended on her to live better, furthering his self-loathing insecurities. "Olivia, that's one thing, but this is too much..." he mutters weakly. "That's a married man.."

"Not in a week, he isn't." Olivia puffs her chest out and smiles before quickly frowning as she checks the time with her new diamond-studded watch, "Now seriously, get in the car. I want his family to have a good impression of us. It's going to be an uphill battle in this regard, and I don't need you pulling me down."

"You don't need me to pull you down," Kylan sneers. 

Olivia chokes at such derision, she was about to say something, but she glances at the driver's seat. Her eyes start to redden and water, "You, don't you remember when our parents left us? I had to drop out of middle school and start working multiple jobs just so you could be well fed. Do you think taking care of you was easy? I know it's the easy way to rely on others, but we could barely afford meat before then. Don't you think I wanted to be something else? But I couldn't, could I?" She wipes the tears forming and threatening to fall from her face, "I finally found someone. Yes, the circumstances are bad, but I love him, and he loves me; why do you have to ruin it?" 

"I-"

"Please, Kylan... just... get in the car. For me? Please?"

In the end, Kylan still had feelings for his cheap sister, and his heart couldn't help but soften defeatedly under Olivia's misery-coated words. He hesitated and sighed as if he could take away this uncomfortable, stuffy feeling in his lungs by doing so. Still, he couldn't say anything as his sister starts to shed more tears. No matter what he was still a teenager that had yet to be completely beaten down by the adult world and the reason for that was indeed undeniably his sister.

Despite her various and numerous flaws, Kylan knew his life would not be better without her. It was Olivia who shouldered the burden of raising him, who worked long nights, and insisted that no matter what he would get an education and they would always have meat at least thrice a week on that rickety table they had collected together from the trash. When he got beaten up the first time, she immediately left her job and rushed to scold his bullies violently, and got fired as a result. But even then she didn't blame him at all and even praised him for 'taking the punch like a man,' making him feel a little better about the situation. 

She was the one who gave him the warmest blanket with no holes and got him a library card for his birthday when they couldn't afford to pay for his schooling for a year. 

Even if she was vain, impulsive, and an idiot. Even if she was always looking for the easiest way out, becoming more shallow-minded and her morality was getting worse and worse...

She was his only family.

And he was her's. 

Kylan got into the car. 

... 

After the confrontation with Prince Silas, things hadn't changed much. 

Jia Hyson had been a bit wary at first but in the end, even if someone decides they want to diet and lost thirty kilos in a month, it really is easier said than done. Prince Silas had become a little more active, but it could be said the improvements, while visible, were much like how an ant on a piece of paper was visible. Jia Hyson didn't deny it was there, but it was very small. 

It can't be helped, even if you disregard that the sole personality flaw of Prince Silas that was repeatedly emphasised in the original story was laziness, there was also a legitimate reason for his tendency to emulate a sloth.

That was because of Prince Silas' unique power. 

Like Alaric's Icy Kiss and most other prominent characters, Prince Silas also had a named power. It had a simple name, but the weight of it could really not be underestimated even among other vampire kings. It was also why the third prince Kieran dared not make any big moves and possibly why the second prince Damien lacked such ambition. 

Give and Take.

The ability to take away people's skills. 

Of course, not only could he take, but he could naturally also use the taken person's skill. The only restriction to it is really Prince Silas' own ability to control it. After all the requirements and limitations of the power are unchanged. But such a restriction was really nothing because Prince Silas was a genius among and above his peers. 

And just like the name of the power suggests. Taking away powers and using it for himself was just one half of the already overpowered ability's function. 

Prince Silas could also give the skill away. To anyone. Literally anyone. 

There is a dog in the coven who can breath fire. It's not even a vampire dog. Just one lucky bitch who was at the right place at the right time. Now she's living the high life in the coven as the old alpha dog in the area with her four favourite handsome mates and litters of puppies that had already grown up with their own families. 

This dog was the latest to be on the receiving of the 'give' part of Silas' abilities, and everyone wanted to be the next lucky bitch. 

Having more than one power in a vampire is rare. Having three or more is considered unthinkable. Therefore Prince Silas' Give and Take, which could swap a bad power for a better one or bestow people a second, possibly even third, power, was something everyone deeply desired. 

Unfortunately, Silas was lazy, with no opportunity or reason that would move him. It was also a smart move as well, after all, such a power was something to be awed and treasured but once used wrongly it becomes something to be feared. After all everyone wants to be powerful and beautiful, nobody wants to be the one who lost their ability. If they think the gun could be raised at them there will be a lot of panic 

But the main thing was laziness. Jia Hyson didn't really know much as the restrictions and problems of the royal family's powers were kept a much closer secret, but he knew more than the common vampire. Such an amazing ability, there was either strict requirements or a trade-off that made it difficult to use wantonly. 

The main requirement for Give and Take was that Prince Silas must touch them for a set amount of time to temporarily take their skill. To permanently take it away, there were multiple means. The best and official way is for the other to voluntarily hand it over. The most permanent way is to hand it over and then die. However, another way is to forcibly take the skill and then kill the other party.

The reason for such a brutal option is that it was possible with enough willpower that the other party could slowly take their power back after a period of time like an invisible tug of war. This was discovered after Prince Silas had taken a criminal's power which was the valuable power of using their blood to draw a door into existence. The criminal was imprisoned for 80 years because his crime was not too big but at the same time breached a lot of people's privacy and secrets. 

However, the criminal had a good head on his shoulders, having both smarts, courage and willpower, and an unwavering determination and stubborn mindset that made it difficult to deal with. Nobody thought it was an issue but during the fifth year of confinement Prince Silas who liked to use this power to get to other places faster, found that the fail rate in creating the door was not only higher but exerted both more energy and blood. After this observation, Silas experienced headaches and even more fatigue than usual, and it had caused great panic among the higher ups. 

In the end while they suspected the criminal, they were still unwilling to kill unnecessarily so they could only keep a closer eye on things. Then one day Prince Silas fainted in the middle of classes and the criminal disappeared with a red door in his prison as their only explanation. What was more damning was after mentally trying to reconnect to his powers for five years straight, the criminal seemed to have upgraded and no longer needed the blood requirement to use his ability. 

This could be considered an unforeseen disaster and opportunity. The powers they were given were mysterious and random, and Prince Silas' powers were more or less unprecedented. 

While it was unfortunate the criminal escaped, their crimes were not enough to warrant a death sentence and were not a huge danger to society as a whole. Therefore the discovery that one could upgrade their powers far outweighed the costs to many vampires. This produced an impromptu trading service where Silas would essentially be rented out to the noblest and richest vampires.

Both parties would benefit. Silas would gain a new power and insight into their strengths and weaknesses as well as exercise his adaptability. At the same time, the vampires who donated their powers would train themselves to not be so self-reliant on their abilities and try 'reconnect' to their power to stimulate an upgrade. The only problem was the fatigue and mental toll on Silas' end.

Of course, it wasn't impossible to gain resistance and some immunity to these problematic side effects if properly practised and trained. After all this was Silas' own personal power. While it was more difficult to comprehend compared to other powers, as long as he put in the work and effort to properly grasp how his powers work, it could be improved. Unfortunately he was really also just that lazy. 

In Silas' opinion he was already always tired and lethargic anyway, what was the point of a little more or a little less?

But now this opinion had been overturned.

While it was not obvious to outsiders, the eldest prince of the Golden Rose Coven was mustering what limited energy he had to try to improve not just his field of knowledge but his own powers.

Silas was determined to work harder and become a more energetic person. Every time he noticed his motivation leeching out again, Silas would become invisible, watch Alaric and Mr Garth on their dates, and regain his fighting spirit. At the very least, he will fully utilise the power of youth to slap Darrian Garth in his old man face!

Mr Garth: As a teacher and loyal subject of the coven, I'm happy the crown prince is interested in improving himself. As a boyfriend and a man in general the feeling is really mixed ah.

Jia Hyson was fairly patient and while he personally didn't believe Silas was doing much, he at least could see the attitude of his had shifted for the better and was pleased by it. After all, in the original story it was of course the male lead Prince Damien who became the leader of the coven in the end. 

But is that really for the best?

Once the plot ends, reality and logic will start to take place. After meeting the other, Jia Hyson has determined Damien's character was at heart, a romantic and a dreamer. The ambition wasn't big and to be frank, in the story he was a real stupid love brain.

It wasn't that he wasn't competent, or didn't have any traits a good ruler should have, but he was soft-hearted, a little too poor in communication and Jia Hyson could bet his entire shelf of knee length socks that he would surrender the coven if Jessica Fang got taken hostage by an ambitious enough vampire. 

Bebe: 'Damn, you're confident about that. You love your knee length socks.'

Jia Hyson: 'I just bought Pokechu ones, and even though I have no suitable outfit to pair with them I'll still die for those socks if I have to.' Hellmo.gif

Bebe: 'The price of fashion.' Hellmo.gif

Jia Hyson did not have the fervent nationalism Alaric had toward the Golden Rose coven, but he lived here long enough that at the very least he felt he might as well help within his power. Besides, Prince Damien was not ambitious and only became the leader due to various factors in the plot forcing him to be. 

While the process gave him a decent amount of character growth in terms of handling responsibility and not running away from things when it gets difficult and so on, that didn't mean he still wanted to be burdened with this sort of thing. Not to say Silas particularly wanted it either, but at the very least Silas' only big problem was laziness and was really suitable everywhere else. 

As for Kieran... well Jia Hyson actually thought he was not bad but that was it. Not bad. 

He was above average, his sociability is quite high and his power was fairly useful. But the problem was his personality was slick and full of flaws. It was like the third prince had swallowed up his elder brothers' ambitions and none of their patience. Tempering such character flaws, especially now when it's fairly well established and rooted, would require a lot of pain and hardship. 

... it's definitely a backup plan Jia Hyson wouldn't mind keeping.

Speaking of this back up plan, Prince Kieran who had been walking some distance away with a book in hand noticed Jia Hyson and was already jogging in his general direction. Jia Hyson, who had now fully established his new personality in the hearts of the majority of the people he had interacted with, doesn't hesitate to gently smile and wave. 

"Prince Kieran, is there anything you want from this humble servant?"

Prince Kieran smiles and laughs, "Alaric, there's no need to act so distant, we're friends aren't we?" However he was indeed young, the prince couldn't completely hide the arrogance and pleasure at this formal acknowledgment of his status. 

"Of course," Jia Hyson purposely loosens his body language a little, happy to play along. Since he was interested in keeping Kieran as a possible back up, and the vampire's level was quite incomparable to himself, Jia Hyson felt there was nothing wrong in cultivating a good relationship with the other. Besides, he found the other quite cute ah.

Jia Hyson: 'Hmmm, if I could describe it, it's probably like a leopard watching fierce little house cat try to act big?'

Bebe: 'It's more like the hidden secret villain watching the first dungeon boss act like hot shit, but that works too.'

Jia Hyson: 'Damn, is that what you think of me?'

Bebe: '...That depends what you think that means.'

Jia Hyson: 'Mysterious, powerful, great clothes and incredibly sexy.'

Bebe: 'Then absolutely not.' _ 

Jia Hyson: 'Boo. So mean.'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: '...'

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'But I like it-'

Bebe:' THERE IT IS.'

Jia Hyson and Prince Kieran were both people who could socialise. While Kieran was not as skilled, he was pretty talented and witty in the art of conversation. It was not difficult to exchange pleasantries and small talk. After they discussed the book Kieran had been holding, the possibilities of modernising the extensive royal library, as well as some gossip about the head librarian having to leave their position due to their only daughter marrying into a family of Arabian oil baron vampires... they finally moved onto the main topic Kieran had probably came for.

In all honestly, Kieran actually had wanted to breach the topic sooner, but after a few encounters with Alaric, Kieran found he always got more or less sucked into their conversations unwittingly. It was only when he noticed how far they had strayed did he finally remember what he came for. "Speaking of love matters, my eldest brother has suddenly become a little motivated. Do you think it's because he finally found someone he wanted to impress?"

Kieran's thoughts were quite simple and straightforward. He only had a fighting chance for the throne under the condition that Silas was a completely lazy and unambitious prince. Seeing the other get an interest in learning again filled him with a sense of crisis and confusion. After all even the emotional pleas from family, allies, and loyal servants did not move Prince Silas into getting out of his coffin to work hard and shoulder his princely responsibilities, it was hard to imagine what could have served to trigger the other in this way.

If family and friends couldn't do it, then wouldn't it be because of a romantic interest then?

Tapping his chin, Jia Hyson responds dismissively, "Silas? Other than myself there really is no one else that comes to mind. There hasn't been any new vampires that have visited and met Silas recently either, sorry." Heh, even if he was fine with maintaining a good relationship, he would be stupid to tell the other. A back up plan was only a back up plan, you can exert some energy to keep it viable, but there's no point if you compromise his more important options as a consequence. 

Kieran frowns but easily accepts this. He didn't consider Alaric as an option at all. After all, if his eldest brother really fancied the other he would have been motivated ages ago in his opinion. If he really did become interested in Alaric now after only a little change despite having years and years of having the opportunity to know each other wouldn't that be a bit scum? Despite his own jealousy Kieran respected his eldest brother a lot so he naturally did not think down such a path.

Unfortunately, objectively, a person who could be so cold toward the responsibilities of ruling and his own parents' hopes to be capable, was already more than a bit scum. 

Seeing that he got his answer, albeit one he didn't particularly want, Kieran made his excuses and left. Jia Hyson did not stop the young prince and continued on his way. 

Pulling out his phone, he texted Mr Garth.

[Hey cutie, you free tonight?]

[SmokingHot: Hey icing sugar, I'll be a bit late but should be back before midnight. Keys in the usual place if you want to wait.]

[...wtf is this icing sugar??]

[SmokingHot: I thought we were just calling each other cringy nicknames]

[Lol bastard]

[SmokingHot: That's better darling dearest <3]

[SmokingHot: Anyway, not that im complaining, but you usually don't visit in the middle of the week, what's up?]

[You forgot to tell everyone that class was cancelled when you went on whatever mission thing you went to, so I went to collect everyone's comic assignments for you baby cakes :D]

[SmokingHot: . . . ]

Jia Hyson chuckles.

[Don't worry hot stuff, I'll just drop it and go. We can make a date night out of reading those things later this week instead-]

[SmokingHot: So in the end I can't get out of marking either way huh]

[What about if I wear that game character's outfit you like?]

[SmokingHot: Depends, which one?]

With some thought to the options in his closet he finally decided on one he could probably put together on relatively short notice. 

[Uhhh, that blonde rogue magician character that can do fire magic.]

It was a character that had a purple and red layered dress with a glittery torso and paired with a blue and purple silk cape. With her relatively short dress, thigh high socks, rather energetic personality and powerful fire magic, the character became quite popular among the gamer circle. 

Suddenly Jia Hyson's phone vibrated noisily. It was a call from Mr Garth. Smiling, he answers it and puts the phone to his ear. Immediately the gruff voice rumbled through the line. "Throw in the underwear I bought you, and you've got a date, sugar plum."

Jia Hyson couldn't help it. He laughed. "Sure thing, sexy."

He could hear the older vampire's rough but warm throaty laughter quietly echoing into his ears. 

This sort of life was pretty good. 

...

Kylan was faced with glamour that he had only seen once when he had snuck into a movie theatre. If what Jasmine had shown him was the glitz and glam found in television, his sister's lover had the visual strength of a blockbuster movie. 

The beauty and shine of the dazzling hotel from before could not help but be compared with the majestic castle he was walking toward. It was undeniably a beautiful mastery of architecture; however, it was gothic in style and intimidating, with a strong aura, unlike the hotel, which was more accommodating and flattering.

While in awe, Kylan silently felt the hotel was much nicer. His silver eyes glanced at the doormen, who stared down at the brother and sister with cold, assessing eyes. At the very least, the staff at the hotel were much more hospitable.

As they silently walked through the halls, Kylan's eyes flickered everywhere, taking as much information as possible. Even his sister, who was usually quite blindly optimistic and chatty, was clutching his hand nervously for support, the sweat in her palm truly betraying her nerves despite her previous callous attitude. It was this weakness shown to him that made Kylan's lungs become stuffy and depressive once more with complicated emotions. 

He wanted to protect his sister when he was younger, but as they grew older and older and she changed slowly into someone so similar yet so different to the sister he loved, he found it harder to find the urge to want to help and pay her back. It made him feel guilty and self-loathing, making him feel ugly and pathetically ungrateful. 

Wasn't it his fault that she became like this? Maybe she wouldn't have struggled financially as much if he wasn't there. She would still have a decent job, work hard, and lived proudly. Furthermore, even if she became someone that he didn't like, a gold digger, a person who uses sex for money, and now a mistress, for these big things, Olivia never forgets to bring him along even if she had become increasingly neglectful. 

"Miss Laframboise, this way," A servant gestures to them however the perfunctory attitude was clear as day. Kylan had always been sensitive to these sorts of emotions since he was a child and his unhappiness in being there rose up by 20%.

However, as he glanced at the pale servant's elegant and flawless appearance, he had to admit the overall level of beauty of the people here was much higher than in the hotel. It was almost unnatural. 

They enter a large room surrounded by varying hostility from some of the most beautiful people Kylan has ever seen. It was not exactly an ego boost.

Count Vericus, who was chatting with a tall and domineering-looking woman, immediately stopped when he saw the brother and sister. Kylan self-consciously looks down and tugs at the hem of his slightly worn out clothing, while Olivia touches her hair, a little worried about her own appearance in comparison to the other women here. Because of this, they completely missed the way the count's eyes linger on Kylan before he breaks into a smile and walks over.

"Olivia, my darling," Count Vericus greets, giving the young lady a hug and then a kiss in greeting, "I'm so glad you're here."

Olivia blushes, "Kristoph, I'm so glad to be here."

They held hands and looked into each other's eyes lovingly for a few seconds before Count Vericus broke away first and turned his gaze to Kylan. "And this is your beloved younger brother right? What was his name again?"

"Kylan," Olivia smiles and pats her brother's head with a wide smile. Kylan winces at the slight heaviness to her pats, knowing this was her way of warning him not to go out of line.

With a forced smile, Kylan puts out his hand in greeting, "Hello."

Count Vericus takes the hand, shaking it enthusiastically, "Greetings Kylan, it will be lovely to get along with you in the future. Please, as my future brother-in-law, make yourself at home here." The handsome older man raises his voice as he says the last few words. While Olivia had an extremely flattered look, Kylan could feel the room get a few degrees colder in response.

Kylan: '...' I would rather crawl into a hole and die to be honest. 

Count Vericus led them around to greet the members of his family. Because Kylan was just the very young brother-in-law of the future new mistress of the Vericus family, he was let go after the initial introductions to mingle by himself while his sister conversed more with the elders and her fiancee. 

However, at the same time, Kylan was just the very young brother-in-law of the future new mistress of the Vericus family. A mistress who was literally a mistress and also was a poor human- therefore, he was pretty unpopular, so not many went up to talk to him. 

Kylan didn't mind. He was content to wander around, stealing food and sipping his orange-based mocktail that he had been offered, his silver eyes looking around and subconsciously processing the visual information in his brain. Suddenly he stops his meandering pace and rushes up to grab a young man who was playing with his phone by the wrist.

"Where did you get this photo?" Kylan urges, eyes wide and unable to move away from the familiar beautiful girl.

"Ah?" The young vampire was shocked at the surprising strength of the human. However as a haughty noble the surprise quickly turned into dissatisfaction. "Are you sick? What are you grabbing me for?"

Kylan realises his impulsiveness was a mistake and lets the other's arm go. After a deep breath he tries to calm himself as best as he could, "Sorry." He straightforwardly apologises, "It's just that wallpaper on your phone..."

The vampire who originally didn't want to acknowledge such a basic and half hearted apology immediately perked up as Kylan explained himself. He didn't even question how a human could've possibly seen the image on his phone at the distance Kylan did. "Oh! You're also a fan of Jasmine? Hehe, your tastes are pretty good." 

Nothing felt quite as good as finding a fellow 'comrade' that shared the same hard-to-explain interests as yourself. The young vampire found Kylan to suddenly be quite pleasing to the eye.

Kylan felt like there was some sort of misunderstanding, but seeing that the vampire was willing to open up and also seemed to know Jasmine, he quickly calculated the benefits and played along. He nods his head and curtly replies, "Yeah. You too?"

"I've been a fan of Jasmine for about six months now." The vampire confesses, "Jasmine's writing style is a bit cutesy, but it's amusing and interesting, plus that face and that body! Ah! So pretty and sexy, it's hard to believe Jasmine's male."

Kylan, who had been nodding along, froze. 

Kylan: ???

Excuse me. Who's a male???

...

Prince Silas was too lazy to knock and engage in pleasantries just to grab a book from the royal library. He had started actively reading more online and offline. His online reading mainly was for stories and some interesting, current event articles he had noticed while scrolling. Meanwhile, his offline reading was more purposeful about his own culture and coven's history. 

Unfortunately, the new librarian of the castle library was very chatty. Without Alaric to protect him, Silas found he was often being followed around and flattered constantly.

At first, Silas was too lazy to deal with it. After all, he dealt with Alaric's most nagging period for so long that he didn't feel like it was a big deal. However, he quickly determined it was two very different situations.

Alaric, both before and now, had always been quite blunt and was willing to honestly nag while still maintaining his respect toward their status. Even though the execution had changed, the heart was the same. But the new librarian was only full of hot air and slick words that made him feel oily and greasy. 

Once again, he misses Alaric, who once used to be glued to his hip. Since he had confronted the other, he hadn't considered that ousting Alaric's romantic life out into the open, Alaric could now meet up with his boyfriend with less burden. Now, if Alaric had a date, he would happily and flagrantly decline hanging out with Silas, indeed the antithesis of the saying, 'bros before hoes'. 

Thinking about Alaric's chain-smoking old and used up manwhore of a 'boyfriend' Prince Silas can't help but grind his teeth and touch his throbbing forehead. Darrian Garth. That fucking bitch. 

But seething about Alaric's choices in lovers could be done at a later date. Right now he needed to take a certain restricted book about the theories behind vampiric powers from the library to read. Alaric and himself already had plans for a 'study date' discussing various topics together and he wanted to brush up on his historical theories.

Taking a deep breath, Prince Silas doesn't flinch as he experiences the strange feeling of water pouring over him when there wasn't any, and sneaks into the library quickly. With his superior physical attributes, it was not difficult to stride without a sound, coupled with this power it was very difficult to detect him unless you were an incredibly powerful vampire. 

Entering the library, he rolls his eyes as, of course, the new librarian wasn't at the library front desk as he should be but was instead playing on his computer sitting on one of the various study desk tables that was situated in the middle of the library. It meant that his little pilfering adventure had just gotten a bit more inconvenient. 

This invisibility skill is borrowed from a young noble vampire who was unsatisfied with his abilities. In fairness, while it was true invisibility that even cameras and infra-red could not pick up on, it only works if one completely holds their breath. Therefore it wasn't the best power in the world but the use was simple and convenient enough that Silas liked it a lot. Plus as a royal vampire he could hold his breath for a pretty lengthy amount of time. 

However when he silently passed by Silas absentmindedly took a curious glance in the other vampire's direction and almost let out the air held in his mouth as he saw what the new librarian was staring excitedly at on the screen of his computer.

Wasn't that Alaric???

In a skirt???

Prince Silas completely threw away any mind for theories and books and instead stared fixedly at the screen, leaning as close as he could get away with. Even though his sight was extremely good, he still couldn't believe his eyes. 

"Ah, Jasmine is so cute," The new librarian sighs as he checks the newest updates to the blog. "Really can't believe this human could look so good, even in women's clothing.. tsk I would love to bite her and turn her."

Prince Silas was half tempted to bang the man's head onto his laptop but he diplomatically chose not to. Partly because he still wasn't finished comprehending the visual information on the screen and partly because the new librarian's father was a very important and loyal noble that supports the royal family and also was a senator in the human world. 

Suddenly the new librarian scrolled down and Prince Silas gasps incredulously as he saw the other on a bed, sitting and facing the camera with his knees being hugged. 

Even if the new librarian was probably hired via nepotism and other shady reasons, his abilities were not lacking, and he immediately whipped his head the moment Silas let his breath go. Unfortunately Silas was faster and in that split second used another power that made his body become as malleably thin as paper and slicker than oil, as well as his own incredibly powerful natural physique as a royal vampire, to increase his speed and dive under the table where the librarian was sitting. 

Taking advantage of the other's wariness as he searched vigilantly around him but not below him, Silas held his breath again and once again became invisible to the eye. 

The crown prince sweats a little. To be honest, activating two powers at once was still quite straining for him. Especially since he had only recently restarted his training exercises again, which had dropped once he felt dissatisfied with both the progress and felt the inconvenience outweighed the results. Once again he was reminded of Mr Garth was his near perfect control of his abilities and grits his teeth in annoyance.

Using both his paper thin ability and invisibility, he slid carefully out once the new librarian finally let go of his worries and turned his attention back to the computer. Silas also silently joined in with a hand over his mouth to try to stifle and calm his breathing. However even though he mentally prepared himself, the prince still felt the urge to react when he saw the photos on the computer once again.

Alaric was staring at the camera with a soft and dreamy look as he wore a mint rockabilly party dress inspired by the retro 50s and 60s with a few added accessories to give it a more 'princess' vibe making him look like a very sweet and spoiled princess. However, this little princess was a bit of a lewd one as while he had his knees together, his ankles were spread apart, giving everyone a small window to the sexy black panties and the curve of the model's ass.

Silas had rarely seen an Alaric with a button out of place, his impression of the other vampire was that, while he had become much more gentle and softer, still retained his uptight and formal core, which can also be partially reflected by the fairly conservative clothing he wore. Seeing this really almost made him seriously doubt whether this was Alaric or not.

However, while he admits now he may not have known the other as well as he thought, Silas was still pretty confident he was one of the closest people to Alaric and vice versa. At the very least, while Silas had a bit of hesitation, he was eight to nine points confident this was Alaric.

Alaric may have been wearing some makeup that made him look a little different from usual, and the gold tresses falling naturally from his head almost made Silas fall into skepticism again, but that face and those bright icy-blue, slanted eyes that pierces his heart could not be denied. 

Watching as if he was a thirsty man in a desert who suddenly saw a small television that was running solely drink ads on loop, Silas quickly found he was unable to stay there any longer for various reasons. Silently, with one hand over his mouth and one hand awkwardly over his crotch, he slips out of the library.

It seems he had a different thing to research on tonight. 

...

"See this coding? This will allow us to generate an algorithm that will determine which viewers are of the fan quality and perversion you want with a 97.8% success rate, and offer them a link to allow them to enter the site. If they turn it down, they will be offered again in two weeks or they can click the tick box that will never let them see this message again." Bebe excitedly explains as it highlights the coding in bright blue colouring. 

"Bebe has also installed an anti-recording bug into the site so nobody could screenshot or video you. Even if they try to take videos by using their phone camera Bebe has input a visual modifier to the screen pixels that will purposely distort those recorded images when process through another machine."

Jia Hyson looks at all the effort Bebe had put into this private camboy site and fell silent.

He couldn't bear to tell his sweet summer child of a system that he probably was only interested in playing around with the camboy thing for like a few weeks before getting bored of it and moving on to other things. 

After all, it was more of an interest and a kink than a passion of his. 

Just something he wanted to try out but also something he couldn't see himself seriously getting into.   

Bebe: Suddenly feeling a sense of overwhelming frustration. 

After adding some minor details and planning a date he was most free, Jia Hyson finally got his wish and become a small private camboy for his own pleasure. 

As he sat on the bed, wearing a cute frilled short skirt and simple blouse and cardigan, Jia Hyson couldn't help but smile nervously as Bebe wirelessly turned the computer camera on. Quickly he touched his hair, this time he changed it with [Hair Control] so it was in long wavy light pink hair styled in twin tails. 

"Hello, hello-" Jia Hyson self-consciously tugs down his skirt nervously as he smiles shyly. After all this was really a first for him and he was both excited, anxious and embarrassed. "Welcome to my private site, thank you very much for being such loyal fans. I'm very new to this so please be kind to me ah, I'll be in your care-"

[DarkKnight1047: Jasmine! Hi!]

[SadCat69: Damn I can't believe the link actually worked. I really thought it was a scam but I still wanted it to be true and YES YES YES!]

[JasmineLover<3: YOUR SO CUTE!!!!!!!]

[JasmineGarden: You're]

[Anon125: Bruh]

[Money4Days: Hey, hey, isn't there usually a donate button somewhere? I wanna be the first.]

[DrFeet: I love you Jasmine!! Show feet? PleadingFace.jpeg]

[Anon905: I'm such a fan! You're even prettier than your photos!]

[CrossdressingTwinkFan: You're so sexyyyy]

Seeing all the replies and praise in real time, Jia Hyson swallows heavily as his face and body heats up. "T-this, thank you, thank you ah," He shifts his legs, trying to hide his excitement. "Um, user Money for days, this site does not offer a payment system. I, ah," Jia Hyson scratches his chin shyly, "I am just doing this for my own pleasure, I don't want it to be considered a job or anything, sorry."

[JasmineLover<3: Ahhhhh! So cute! So cute! So cute!]

[CrossdressingTwinkFan: What do I do, before I didn't want to donate, but now that I know it's all free I want to donate so badly...]

[Money4Days: I wanted to donate but now that I know I can't I want to sponsor <3 You're not looking for a sugar daddy, baby?]

[DrFeet: Show feet pls]

[Jasmine you're so pretty I'm dying ahehdkgkwna]

[SadCat69: Holy shit! You actually did all this and it's free?? As a poor man I kneel before my angel!]

[Anon346 As a poor man I kneel before my goddess!]

[WantACuteMaleWife: As a poor woman I kneel before my wife!]

[DarkKnight1047: As a poor- wait wtf something is wrong with upstairs]

[WantACuteMaleWife: Hehe, young man you still have not seen the world yet, ladies can also appreciate beauty. My Jasmine is so cute I also want to bully him ok-? ]

[ElegantWaterfall: +1 this lady also wants this]

[HottiesInSkirts: +2 this lady also wants]

[TrapSupremecy: +3 this man also wants]

[BeMyBaby2468: +4 tf are you doing joining in?]

[CrossdressingTwinkFan: +5 we are all equal in our wish to see a lewd Jasmine okay? ]

[SadCat69: +6 I'm just lonely :3 ]

[DrFeet: +7 show feet]

[JasmineLover<3: +8 thank you so much for that contribution to the conversation _]

[Anon9732695: +9 omg so cute where do you get the emoji thing??? ]

[JasmineLover<3: +10 the site offers it in the corner of the chat box ) it's really interesting very different to the usual emotes]

[Anon198: +11 wtf happened to this chain this is a mess]

Jia Hyson with his vampire abilities could easily read the small and fast moving chat box and laughs under his breath. It was a bit cute. After all everyone was screened through Bebe's algorithms and they were all fairly restrained due to the novelty of the new site. 

Even though there was no pressure, Jia Hyson still inexplicably felt it. After all, he had always been a bit thin skinned and sensitive to the public, and Alaric's need for praise also meant he got more hurt from being insulted, therefore it was more important to have a smaller, more supportive group than a large and potentially more toxic one. 

Since that was what he wanted Jia Hyson figured it was best to come out fairly clean and lay out his intentions to avoid any uncomfortableness.

Looking at the camera, Jia Hyson coughs, and then begins to talk with some timidity trembling in his voice making him even more like a delicate little animal. "I, I also want to say, this is free because it's solely for my own... interests. That, that means that I'm not doing this to cater or sell to you guys anything. I currently have a boyfriend." He looks with wide blue eyes to the camera and sincerely says, "Therefore you can imagine whatever with my body but please don't hold any expectations for my heart ah."

[JasmineLover<3: Damn was I rejected by my goddess on their first sex stream?]

[TrapSupremecy: Don't worry Jasmine my dick has no heart it only wants body :3]

[HottiesInSkirts: Eh? Boyfriend?? No way this must be a lie! QwQ]

[Anon081: Lmao boyfriend? Sorry I'm out.]

[. Left the chat]

[.. Left the chat]

[... Left the chat]

[SadCat69: I'm legit just here to see what you look like under those clothes hehe don't you worry about those delusional guys. ]

[BeMyBaby2468: Your so cute! It's ok, it's ok, as long as your boyfriend doesn't mind I won't mind. It was brave to admit it!]

[WantACuteMaleWife: It's ok it's ok as long as you break up with your boyfriend I still have a chance right? ]

[Money4Days: Lmao I also don't mind]

[DrFeet: As long as you show feet I don't mind <3]

[Money4Days: Damn foot dude you're so persistent. ]

Seeing the potential boyfriend and girlfriend powders leave after finding out he wasn't taken Jia Hyson felt only uncomfortable for a moment before he quickly readjusted his mindset and heaved an internal sigh of relief. Short term pain was better than long term problems. With that out of the way he can play without too much worries.

Unbeknownst to him, though, across the screen, there were two new boyfriend fans who made it past the algorithm that didn't leave and instead chose to sit in their seats with clenched jaws and various crushed items due to their equally as clenched fists needing an outlet for their emotions. However that was beyond his knowledge and therefore still none of his concern. 

Instead he happily begins to chat with the ones who stayed for a bit, greeting them and answering any questions they wanted to ask.

[DrFeet: Feet?]

"Haha, maybe," Jia Hyson teases.

[DrFeet: ,,0w0,,]

[ElegantWaterfall: You do not deserve to use such a cute emote out of all the people here.]

[DrFeet: ,,UwU,,]

[DarkKnight1047: Does your boyfriend know you do this?]

Jia Hyson smiles and flushes shyly, touching his blushing cheek cutely as he tilts his head, "He does. Actually, he's probably watching in chat right now. Hi darling-"

[Anon90143890149: Hi baby <3]

[DarkKnight1047: Hi hotstuff]

[WantACuteMaleWife: Hi wife--]

[SadCat69: Greetings my beloved]

[Money4Days: Salutations paramour ;p]

[TrapSupremecy: Ohayo my onahole]

[CancerStickAddict: Fuck off.]

[JasmineGarden: Fuck me]

"Well I think I found which one my boyfriend is," Jia Hyson sighs, "Honestly, so obvious." However, he didn't bother to point out who exactly it was and watched as the chat descended into a strange game of detectives and mind games for a minute, while occasionally fuelling the fire. 

However, quickly, everyone got a bit bored once it was clear they weren't going to find Jasmine's boyfriend hidden in the chat. Jia Hyson also wanted to move on. Coughing lightly he looks into the camera with his big blue eyes and lightly smiles, still maintaining a quiet and shy personality to the camera. "Well, I suppose... I want to start.."

[WantACuteMaleWife: WOOO!]

[Money4Days: Yessss I'm so excited >w<]

[TrapSupremecy: My dick has been hard for so long]

[Anon74718983: FINALLY]

Bashfully Jia Hyson lies on his back, propping a pillow under it. Hence, his face is still visible as he slowly spreads his legs for the camera and reveals the bulge in his panties under his skirt. Immediately the chat barrage went haywire. Even the silent users had posted a series of some form of [!!!!!] to express their feelings. 

Jia Hyson's eyes flutter closed, focusing on the sensation of his own hands running up and down his chest before moving down to lightly stroke his inner thighs, teasing the audience who were waiting with bated breath for the main event. 

The idea so many people were staring at him lit his nerves up excitedly. In such a stimulating mindset, his body seemed to become more sensitive to his touch. The sliding of fabric that glides over his skin as he moves and even the coolness of the air he felt hyperaware of. 

[WantACuteMaleWife: Ahhhhh, he's getting hard! Fuck Jasmine is really a guy!]

[Money4Days: He's not the only one getting hard, this is so hot.]

[HottiesInSkirts: TAKE OFF THE PANTIES!!!!]

[CrossdressingTwinkFan: This is not what I expected to do at 7am but I'm not complaining :3]

[SadCat69: Bruh that's nothing I'm watching this at work at Soupway :3]

[JasmineLover<3: ...Dude wtf I just ordered from Soupway pls tell me you're joking]

[SadCat69: :3]

[DrFeet: SHOW FEEEEET]

[Anon09582811: SHUT UP DICK IS MORE IMPORTANT]

[ElegantWaterfall: YEAH SHUT UP WHO WANTS TO SEE FEET? I WANNA SEE HIS LITTLE ASSHOLE EHEHEHEHEH]

[DrFeet: ...feet QwQ]

Teasingly Jia Hyson finally touched the edge of his panties. He had specially bought some cute but simple white underwear with a floral lace waistband, and a little purple bow in the middle. It showed off the curves of his thighs and butt, but it left a bit to the imagination, sexy but innocent. The small but growing wet spot from his erection pushing inside the underwear further provoked a taboo feeling that could excite many looking at it. 

He pinches the edges of his panties, pulling it outwards and teasing the viewers who could only see a little more exposed skin before letting it go and covering himself once more. Afterwards, he hooks his middle finger around the waistband. He slowly pulls the underwear down, exposing a pale hipbone. At the same time, his other hand rubs his dick, precum spreading further out onto the fabric lewdly. 

He tugs the waistband further, revealing not only a hipbone but even his dark pubic hair was exposing itself, a literal carpet leading the audience to what was to come. But as everyone leaned in to see Jasmine finally display his hard cock to the camera, the cross-dressing vampire smirks and drags his panties back, hiding what nobody wished was hidden.

[TrapSupremecy: Cockteaseeeeee]

[Dandelion: Sexy]

[Money4Days: You're so hot.]

[TrapSupremecy: Im clse]

Soaking in the praise, Jia Hyson cruelly doesn't let them get what they want and instead entertains them and himself by touching all over his body instead. Getting on his knees and facing the camera, he smiles playfully before sitting back toward his ankles, and slowly unbuttons his cardigan. 

With a soft and coquettish voice, Jia Hyson shyly tells the camera, "Thank you chat, it's so embarrassing being looked at... but...nhgnnn.. knowing you're all watching..." He shrugs off his unbuttoned cardigan revealing the two hardened nipples poking through the thin blouse. The fabric did very little to hide the small pink peaks that were so lewdly crying for attention. "It makes me... so happy..."

Bebe: This is so cringe.

To be honest, Jia Hyson also felt embarrassed as he said it, but with his already aroused state it once again only fuelled his lust even more, giving him the conflicting feelings of wanting to cover his face in shame and wanting to do even more humiliating things. He bites his forefinger, relishing in the sharp pain of his teeth and letting the sharp sensation cut some of the excitable, almost ticklish giddiness bubbling inside him as he pushes his chest up toward the camera and begins to rub one of his nipples with his free hand.

At first he just gently circled the outline, making it seem even more prominent before he uses his thumb to brush against the tip. "Nghnmm..." Jia Hyson's feet curls and instinctively bit down his finger a little harder. From tentative moments to becoming bolder and wanton, Jia Hyson soon was tugging at both his tits sluttily as he pants and groans. 

His knees push and rub together as his erection bulges up prominently under his short skirt, threatening to lift it up completely. Such a sight full of erotic contrasts was incredibly arousing. 

Jia Hyson glances at the chat as he mercilessly pinches and rubs his chest and pauses, "Lift... ah.. lift up your shirt and skirt?" He swallows dryly, "..En." 

He lets go of his sensitive nipples and slowly pulls up his blouse to reveal his chest in its flushed entirety. The cool air hits his skin and makes it prickle, once again a reminder to his self exposure.

Putting the lifted hem of his blouse into his mouth to continue to leave his trembling pale chest exposed to the camera and the people watching through it, Jia Hyson tentatively and teasing plays with his skirt, acting indecisive on whether he should show what shouldn't be shown. Only when the chat hit a new fervour did he finally stop playing with them and slowly lifts up the skirt and cupped his dick lewdly, further shaping the damp panties around it. 

Giving it a squeeze Jia Hyson groans with pleasure, "Ehngn.. I'm, ah... close.." He confesses before his hands began to rub his erection through his panties, the soft fabric of the underwear shifting and dragging against the sensitive shaft and tip as well as the pressure of his hands was irresistible. Soon Jia Hyson was thrusting his hips uncontrollably as he fucked into his hand on camera. 

As he felt he was about to tip over the edge, he felt something was a bit empty and subconsciously moved one of his hands from his dripping cock and touched his chest. The slick from his excitement coated his fingers and quickly cooled in the open air. With the slightly cold touch of it touching his erect nipples, Jia Hyson found himself throwing his head back and moaning as he immediately came. 

Jia Hyson: '...' Could it be, because of his own playing around, he had developed a body that needed the cold to ejaculate?

Falling to his back and lying onto the bed, his hips continue to jerk weakly upwards as he cums into his sticky underwear. 

Breathing heavily Jia Hyson gives himself a minute to catch his breath. "That.. hah... that felt really great."

[Anon0455: I came twice this was great]

[Money4Days: I want to donate 500 dollars that was so hawt]

[HottiesInSkirts: Bruh @Money4Days are you a pay pig? ...but I also agree :3]

[Came2Cum: SEXYYY]

[JasmineLover<3: My keyboard is a mess now haha]

[Anon10389: LOVE YOU]

[Dr Feet: Pretty great, needs more feet.]

Jia Hyson, who lifted his head up from where he was lying down, saw the chat barrages and smiles, his chest still undulating a bit unsteadily as he came back from his initial orgasm high but the heat in his body had yet to cool. "Hehe, did you think I was done yet ah-?"

[JasmineGarden: Damn, round 2 huh]

[ElegantWaterfall: Thumbs up]

[SadCat69: so cute]

"Mnhnm.." Jia Hyson hums as he shifts his legs apart to reveal the now soaked garment covering his most secretive places. "But first, I should take these off... they're so dirty and... sticky."

Unhurriedly he reaches under her skirt and finally pulls down the thin fabric down to his knees, exciting all the viewers. However, much to their dismay, both the the positioning of the underwear had more or less completely covered what they had been waiting for since the start.

[BeMyBaby2468: DAMN YOU PANTY CENSORSHIP]

[HottiesInSkirts: AGHHHH MOVE IT MOVE ITTTTT]

[TrapSupremecy: FOR THE LOVE OF TRAP JESUS PLS SHOW]

[Blueball69: WTF IS TRAP JESUS]

[HentaiWithSenpai: IDK BUT IF THATS A REFERENCE SEND LINK PLS]

[HolyRod: YALL NEED JESUS]

[Anon743874981: YEAH, TRAP JESUS]

[MaidenlessButNotTrapless: JASMINE PLS]

[Dr Feet: FEEEEEEEET]

[ElegantWaterfall: OMG SHUT THE FUCK UP FEET GUY]

[WantACuteMaleWife: I WANNAA SEEEE]

"Hehe, okay, okay-" Jia Hyson reaches down to idly tug on his dick that was already stiffening again. Then, to everyone's surprise, and one particular viewer's extreme delight, instead of using his hands, he shifted his knees together, rubbing his legs so the panties moved further down his legs. During the movements, one could occasionally see the other's cock, balls and hole underneath the shifting skirt, making one swallow and want more. 

Once the panties were hung around the other's calves, using his feet, he hooked the waistband fabric and pulled it down in a fairly smooth and sexy motion. 

[DarkKnight1047: Fuck]

[TrapSupremecy: Ah shit did I just develop a foot kink]

[ElegantWaterfall: Im super mad at how hot that was]

[Money4Days: Hey foot guy, anything to say?]

[JasmineGarden: @DrFeet?]

[Anon50948901: Feet dude?]

[DrFeet: ...]

[DrFeet: I came ,,UwU,,]

[DrFeet: Watching this during my hospital shift was worth it]

[WantACuteMaleWife: ... ]

[ElegantWaterfall: ...]

[Anon3080939: ...]

[SadCat69: ...]

[Money4Days: ...wait are you an actual doctor?!]

[DrFeet: ,,UwU,,]

[JasmineLover<3: oh HELL NAUR]

Jia Hyson did not know that his chat had gained a sudden distrust toward the hygiene quality of hospitals. After kicking off his panties, he spread his legs wide, exposing everything to the camera while continuously stroking his cock. Using his free hand, he lightly rubbed his twitching horny hole, already wet from the constant slick and cum dripping down from his dick.

Using two fingers, he spread his cheeks to show the viewers his most private place, groaning as the shame of doing so mixes with the pleasure he was receiving from his trembling cock. "Ah, nghnn... please..." Jia Hyson mutters as he stops playing with his dick and instead wholly focuses on his ass. "I'm so horny, mhn.."

Pressing a finger inside, he groans vocally, a slightly hoarse, unmistakably masculine noise full of lust and desire. The contrast of such a sexy male voice coming out of someone who at first glance, looked like a beautiful and pretty girl immediately stoked the flames of everyone even higher. After all, if they were specially invited to this site, there was no doubt they were more or less confirmed to be very interested in this sort of niche. 

Jia Hyson quickly escalated from one finger to three fingers moving in and out of his ass. Still lying on his back, he had raised his hips up and maintained that position in an erotic show of core muscle strength, in order to better allow the camera to have a clear view of his hungry slutty lower mouth swallow down his fingers greedily while his dick bounces and slaps against his stomach obscenely. 

He was ready to cum, he was so close. With a flushed face, Jia Hyson changes his position, flipping onto his stomach with his ass raised and facing the camera he sped up the pace of his fingers fucking himself and also wrapped his other hand onto his flushed and leaking erection, ruthlessly tugging at it, wanting to completely humiliate himself as he shows everyone what a lewd bitch he was as he milks himself dry in front of everyone. 

"This, I, mghnnn-!!!" Just imagining the many eyes watching him with lust and derision produced a strong wave of lust that hit him hard. Jia Hyson gasps with tears in his eyes and shoves his fingers in deeply, pounding against his prostate, while his other hand painfully pinches the tip of his cock, inciting him to begin shooting his cum onto the bed. "Ah! Ahh! Ahh..." 

The sheer rush of pleasure made his whole body twitch and shiver. His dick visibly jerks as it continues to pump out semen and his hole opens and closes, fluttering around his trembling fingers. 

He felt so used and filthy. Jia Hyson couldn't stop grinning pervertedly with a dazed and flushed face. It was quite amazing. 

His body seemed to agree as he endured two orgasms in a row and then a third as Jia Hyson quickly began to stroke himself again, ignoring the almost overwhelming painfulness of touching his oversensitive cock and pumping out one last sticky load that made his legs clench together and himself sob loudly. 

After riding it out one last time, he wiped his hands on the ruined bedsheets and smiled at the camera. "Thank you for watching... I, uh, hope you enjoyed it. Maybe I'll do this again some other time."

[MaidenlessButNotTrapless: THAT WAS AMAZING]

[JasmineGarden: I love you!!!! THANK YOUUU]

[Money4Days: If I could give you 5000$ right now I would do it, you were so incredibly hot]

[DrFeet: Thanks for the feet]

[HottiesInSkirts: JASMINEEEEEE]

[TrapSupremecy: I came so many times bruh you're so sexy]

[JasmineLover<3: I will forever be a fan!!!]

[SadCat69: This was so hot]

After turning off the livestream Jia Hyson was still full of excitement and energy and couldn't stop himself from touching himself again.

Bebe was speechless. This guy was really insatiable. 

After orgasming for the fifth time, Jia Hyson lay on the bed and lazily cleaned himself up before finally going off to sleep in a good mood. 

...

...

...


...

...







"What the fuck is this comic?" 

Jia Hyson who was about to shove a handful of chips into his mouth paused and twisted his neck to the side where Mr Garth was sitting. "It's a commentary about how one should not judge a book by it's cover, and to question everything, which was inspired from the ideas of self-awareness and the psychological changes of society today as we enter the age of the internet which have produced an increasing number of problems in faking one's identity."

Mr Garth rolls his eyes. "Damn Alaric, save it for a teacher."

Now it was Jia Hyson's turn to roll his eyes, "Damn Mr Garth, but you're the teacher."

Mr Garth: Oh. Right. I am a teacher.

Seeing the older vampire's stupid face of realization Jia Hyson laughed and continued his previous action of shoving his handful of chips into his mouth. The salty crunch of chips in his opinion was much better when they completely filled your mouth. The only problem was it wasn't a flattering image at all.

The rather shameless Mr Garth does not bother to act sheepish and instead levitates some tissue paper and lightly wipes Jia Hyson's face with a sigh. "You're going to get chips on my couch." 

"Your couch has had worse on it though." Jia Hyson who had finished chewing and swallowing stuck his tongue out playfully, "Besides, I've seen how you've clean. As long as it's not stains, you can do whatever anyway."

It was true. With Mr Garth's level of power he could slightly sweep off all the dust and crumbs off surfaces easily. After all with some concentration he could mentally manipulate, to some degree, 'feel' the surrounding air of objects and with this perception accurately capture the lightest debris and litter to lift up and throw away. 

Even though one could argue that telekinesis was a fairly basic power, it was because of it that Mr Garth had a vast supply of references and ideas for his ability. Therefore his comprehension and flexible use of his own power was one of the best in the coven. That coupled with his straightforward strength, really did earn him a well-deserved reputation as a powerhouse. Unfortunately the crippling migraines, short temper as a result of the headaches and some other limitations made it hard to rank him very high compared to some others. 

"Just because I can doesn't mean I want to, damn," Mr Garth reached out and pinches the younger vampire's cheeks making him shriek a little in surprise and pain. "You're such a little brat, what happened to the refined and put together Alaric huh?"

"Wu- it's because you're always making a mess of me that there's no point in being put together ah." Even through the sharp pain of his cheek being pinched, Jia Hyson still couldn't stop his mouth from quipping back.

Mr Garth lets go and tilts the other's chin up for a rough kiss before breaking away and lightly hitting the other's head with the comic his group had made. "Mouthy." He complains but the affection couldn't be hidden.

Jia Hyson rubs his abused cheek and smiles, his blue eyes shining, "Could say the same to you too, really."

"You're right," Mr Garth nods easily then smiles lewdly, "As two mouthy individuals, I feel like we're obligated to do something about this."

"Oh?" Jia Hyson feigns ignorance as he leans closer to his teacher.

"Yeah, like, giving something for our mouthy mouths to do." Mr Garth kisses him gently on the mouth.

Jia Hyson chuckles, "You sound like a perverted old man, but a cute one." 

Mr Garth gives another peck, a little addicted at the salty taste of the others lips. "I do my best," He replies humbly before cheerfully showering the other with many small kisses reminding Jia Hyson a little of a hungry chicken pecking on rice.

"You do," Jia Hyson chuckles and, like a sly snake, waits for the older man to kiss him somewhere close to his lips before he tilts his head, catching the kiss and deepening it aggressively making the other who was just being playful, moan at the sudden increase in intensity. 

Using this momentum, Jia Hyson pushes the other down onto the couch and finally separates their locked lips in order to nip and nibble at the older man's neck and sensitive earlobes, making him shudder and weakly protest. "H-hey, we have to get back to grading remember?"

Jia Hyson gives the other a strange look, "What do you mean, we?"

Mr Garth: ...Right, he was the teacher. 

Usually Mr Garth would not mind shoving off work for more sex, but for one, he was really late in sending back the grades, and two, and possibly most importantly... He sensed his position as the top in this relationship was in danger. 

Looking at Alaric, the petite and beautiful boy, and recalling the last few times the other had pushed him down and turned him into a gasping mess... Mr Garth flushes nervously. It wasn't like he didn't understand. Even if the other looks like how he did, and preferred to wear feminine clothing, Alaric was still a young man who was also interested in taking the men's role during sex. 

And, given how good the other was with everything else, Mr Garth was sure it... wouldn't feel too bad... ( > x < ) 

But he still couldn't mentally prepare! After all, he was a big hairy man! Could he really let himself get fucked by his pretty effeminate student?? More importantly, he wasn't cute at all. Mr Garth didn't want to admit it, but he worried Alaric, with his minimum experience and penchant for beautiful things, would find himself too unattractive in that sense. 

Unaware of Mr Garth's thoughts but knowing he didn't want to progress in this manner, the younger vampire moves off the muscular body reluctantly and lets the other sit up. 

Seeing the erection bulging through the other's pants though he smiles provocatively as a fun little idea pops into his mind. " Well, I suppose, if you're really insistent on working hard, I can reluctantly make a compromise in order to support your work ethic."

Mr Garth raises an eyebrow, calming his breathing already. Immediately he regains his cocky confidence. "Oh? What did you have in mind brat?"

It wasn't because he was arrogant that he could chains tunes so fast. It was just that during their time together he had found that Alaric and himself had a good tacit understanding, especially in bedroom matters. If he gives an excuse, the younger vampire would usually not push him further. While it felt a bit shameful to have someone a few hundred years his junior act so considerately toward him, Mr Garth was grateful nonetheless and felt a little guilty. 

He even regretted a little not letting the other try go a little further. Mr Garth inwardly sighs as he watches Alaric kiss his cheek before slinking down to the floor and sat between his knees in an obvious show of what he was about to do. 

"You read and do your work," Alaric smugly and assertively orders as he presses his cheek against his teacher's inner thigh while his hands unzip the other's pants. "I'll do the rest."

Mr Garth swallows. "Sounds good."

Ah, he was really stunning, and they were so compatible. Maybe it's because of their similar tastes and the fact that he personally could not imagine doing something to a man like himself. But then again, if that was the case with Alaric, he wouldn't sleep with him in the first place. 

Mr Garth's breathing begins to pick up as Alaric fishes out the half hardened cock from his pants and starts to lewdly lick the the shaft from the base to the top, sucking the head and gazing up at him with his sultry blue eyes. 

Understanding the provocative look in his partner's eyes, he extends his arm and combs his finger's through the other's silky black hair and cups the curve of his head. Like this, he slowly pushes the other's head toward him, making the other slowly swallow down his thick and erect dick down his throat. 

The feeling of the tight warm throat swallowing around him was the best. Mr Garth didn't understand at all, how the other was so naturally talented at this.

Whenever he moved too fast, the younger vampire would lightly pinch him in warning, controlling the pace. Even when Mr Garth was demanding there was always a sense that he could only be so arrogant because the young vampire let him be, giving him a sense of crisis.

Alaric was charismatic now that he had gained a sense of maturity. He had a strong power, good intelligence, even better emotional intelligence, a sense of responsibility, young, beautiful, and was also very sexually skilled. To be honest, Mr Garth on some level knew all this but when he watched the livestream starring Alaric, he had been aroused but more than that he had been distressed and jealous as he saw the sheer number of fans watching as well.

Secretly, when he saw all the praises and love, and how Alaric clearly ate it all up, he felt a deep unease like he will be thrown away the moment the other became bored. 

His little lover was so good. Wouldn't he get tired of him? When he was young he was fickle and full of sexual exploration. Alaric who had so much enthusiasm toward sex was probably similar to him and will soon realise that there was no fun in clinging to one person all the time. 

Mr Garth, didn't want that. And he also didn't want to restrain and tie the other down when he was so young. What he wanted was for Alaric to want to be with him. Not because he didn't know anyone else and didn't know anything better, but because he had seen the world and came back to him. 

It's just... the lack of any guarantee Alaric would ever come back now truly scared him. 

But he was also more scared about Alaric hating and tiring of him more.

While he wanted to be a mature vampire about this, he felt more like a very large child insisting on lying so hard that he could even lie to himself.

Though he insists on the surface to Alaric that they were sex friends on trial to be lovers, Mr Garth had long started thinking up ways to pamper the other so Alaric will never be truly satisfied with anyone else.

"Nmh- hey, what's wrong?" Jia Hyson could feel the other's mind slipping away. Despite the hard cock that had been in his mouth saying otherwise, he could tell from the vampire's other actions that he suddenly became less enthusiastic and more absentminded.

Sweetly he rests his cheek against the other's inner thigh again and looks up at his teacher, however the affectionate image was slightly ruined by the fact the other was still idly stroking the thick, and girthy erection with his hand. The implication that the other still expected sex after having a small talk about feelings was really... perfect ah. 

Jia Hyson: 'Oh, he's excited again.'

Bebe: 'How did you know? He didn't change his expression at all.'

Jia Hyson: 'He twitched.'

Bebe: 'Bebe was watching, no he didn't.'

Jia Hyson: 'Oh trust me. (, w ,,) He twitched.' 

Bebe: _ Dis. Gus. Ting.

Darrian Garth looks down and smiles, there was a flicker of an emotion Jia Hyson couldn't completely read before it quickly disappears. In its place was a sexy and cocky expression, with only a trace of anxiety and shame that made Jia Hyson even more attracted to the other. His blue eyes darken with lust but forces himself to hold back. After all, while he was deeply interested, the older man clearly was still not ready to try to switch their positions. 

Jia Hyson didn't particularly mind too much. While it was a bit disappointing, he had lived with a few lives with complete gongs well enough, and none of them had telekinetic powers that would give him invisible hand jobs, so.   He's not unsatisfied.

But then Mr Garth says: "I was just thinking, well, if it's just fingers... we could try it, that is, if you wan- ah!" 

The older vampire stifles his unmanly gasps as Alaric immediately and enthusiastically licks his fingers before attacking the other's cock with his lips and tongue. As Alaric swallows down Darrian's dick, moving his tongue and licking the underside fervently as his thin fingers slip into the other's clothes and moves lower until he felt his teacher's hole, twitching in anticipation.

Raising his brows, Jia Hyson chuckles, the vibrations stimulating the sensitive skin of Darrian's shaft, causing the older vampire to tense and groan. "Mhngh.. ah.. Alaric..." Lifting his hips subconsciously, Jia Hyson does not stop him and relaxes his throat to accommodate the man's throbbing dick sliding deeper into him, almost close to fucking his throat. 

However even if his mouth was passive, his fingers were anything but as the first digit had slowly entered Darrian's anus. Feeling the tightness around his finger and the way his teacher's hole contracts and clenches, Jia Hyson almost chokes as his breathing turns unsteady in his excitement just imagining his own dick entering Darrian eventually. 

Darrian found out quickly it was not just Alaric's mouth but even his fingers were incredibly skilled. But then again, in retrospect, when he recalls the way the other had seamlessly fingered himself to completion during the stream, the older vampire was no longer as surprised. 

Just... incredibly aroused at the thought that those beautiful fingers that was often fucking Alaric were inside him. He could feel the drool and pre-cum leaking from his lover's mouth, dripping down his balls and trickling downward where it served to act as lubricant for Alaric who was thrusting his finger in and out of his hole, slowly loosening it for more.

Every time the finger pulls out, Darrian couldn't help but pant harshly as the sensitive nerves around his ass responded with a strange excitement at each movement, making Darrian who was always a pleasure seeker, yearn for more, spreading his legs wider to give Alaric more access. Truth be told, Darrian didn't expect to feel it so much, but there was a sense of humiliation to let Alaric play with his ass like this that sparked the flame that was always ready to be lit.

As one finger became two, then three, it quickly descended into a sloppy mess as Alaric fucks his teacher almost violently, plunging four fingers, soaked with saliva and cum into the spasming and eager hole. "Ah, Ahnn-! Mnghh-! I- uhnn-!" Mr Garth splutters and moans incoherently, sweat dripping from his flushed face as his dick slaps against his stomach as his now completely naked body rocks helplessly under the waves of pleasure. His stomach was already coated with streaks of cum, clear to anyone who saw that the man had already completely let go and succumbed to his base desires.

"So slutty," Jia Hyson chuckles.

His voice was still raspy due to their first round, which ended with Darrian uncontrollably thrusting against his finger, hitting the back of his throat ruthlessly and orgasming into his mouth, forcing Jia Hyson to swallow around it and making the other shudder even more, pumping more semen in the throes of ecstasy. The pain, pleasure and sheer arousal of watching his sexy older teacher lose all control and inhibitions under him had made Jia Hyson come as he gagged and swallowed the other's essence. 

This sort of usually soft and gentle voice, roughened and deepened by sex, was an extremely provocative sound that Darrian wanted more of. "Ah.. uhnn.. ahh- ahlaric-" He slurs out as he opens his arms up, subconsciously begging for closeness and comfort. "Hah.. I'm.. nhnnnmm.. close..."

Jia Hyson picks up the pace and leans over. While the position was a little awkward given their size difference, in order to satisfy and properly meet the other's needs, Jia Hyson did his best. Pumping his fingers with increasing speed he stretches out and does his best to hug the man's large heaving chest with his free hand, lightly kissing his pectoral muscles, collarbone and neck, barely able to graze the other's chin with his lips. His own hard leaking dick was pressed against his teacher's firm body, rubbing against it lewdly. 

"You're ah.. amazing Darrian, hngn, better than I ever imagined, so good," He murmurs between his own breathy moans. Jia Hyson only regrets he wasn't taller so he could kiss the other deeply.

Darrian must also share the same sentiments as suddenly an invisible force pushed them to change positions, with Jia Hyson now being the one lying on his back. Darrian was now kneeling, almost sitting on his thigh, panting harshly, a leg in between Jia Hyson's own the knee nudging against Jia Hyson's erection. Jia Hyson's fingers, which were still in that warm tight ass, clenches involuntary in response to this sudden movement, causing Mr Garth to gasp and lean over, kissing Jia Hyson furiously, which he accepts and reciprocates with similar fiery passion. 

As they entangle their lips and tongues together they both grunt and groan as their bodies rub against each other, before they finally spilled with a cry of rapture. Hugging each other close, Jia Hyson slowly slips his fingers out of Darrian's spasming and twitching hole, enjoying how it seemed to wish to grip his fingers possessively while the larger vampire sighs and hisses into his ear. 

They bonelessly basked in the afterglow together, Mr Garth especially clung to the smaller body of his lover, a little embarrassed but not regretful.

In retrospect, Mr Garth was not sure why he felt so worried about this particularly thing beforehand. He had felt so insecure like a virgin, not cool at all. 

As the older and more experienced one in the relationship he should be the aggressive and dominant one. However as time moved on and the relationship between them grew both stronger and more tacit, he had instead become more timid and frustratingly insecure about the relationship. He did not particularly enjoy that aspect growing inside him at all and the self awareness made him worry even more.

Even though Mr Garth was much older than Alaric, he was still considered relatively young for a vampire and understood he also had much room for growth, both in character and sensibility. This sense of unease... He understood instinctively that it could not be left alone but had to be cut while it was still budding. 

Releasing his grip a little he looks up and sees Alaric smile gently and indulgently at him, despite his lewd cum-stained appearance that was too sinful for the faint of heart, he still finds the other hopelessly lovely like an angel. Mr Garth's heart skips a beat and he impulsively reaches to tug him close again, kissing him on his messy mouth passionately again. 

"Wai-! Nhmmm..."

Alaric who struggles a little in surprise, immediately stopped and melted into the embrace, hugging the other closer and allowing himself to be devoured with soft moans. Feeling the other's heat and affection, the older vampire's heart hardened with resolve. 

He will let Alaric go. Alaric deserves the opportunity for a choice and he had no right to stop that just because he wanted to. So no matter how it hurts, and how the anxiety eats him up, Darrian Garth will let him go. 

And when he does, he will prepare a sweet, sugarcoated web to eventually coax back his icy blue butterfly back into his hands.

After the kiss, Mr Garth pulls away, both of them equally breathless and aroused. The older vampire chuckles hoarsely and intimately uses his thumb to wipe off some of his cum off the other's soft and flushed face.

"Alaric," He says with a smile, "When you go to the academy let's break up."

...

Entering the academy for the first time Jia Hyson had to admire the architecture. It seemed the author was very inspired by a certain famous wizard series when they designed this academy in mind. 

Even if he hadn't a very hardcore fan of the series, he had still read and watched enough that a part of him was still very excited looking at the scenery. No matter one's opinions on the series, the castle used in that series was objectively a beautiful piece of work that gave a sense of regal fantasy. 

Straightening his navy blue tie, and making sure his dark blue blazer was immaculate with minimum wrinkles, Jia Hyson turns to Prince Silas and falls silent. Then he sighs, "You- how can you not know how to tie a tie? We're already past the age of thirty now, aren't you ashamed?" He subconsciously fell into nagging as he grabs the halfheartedly tied up piece of cloth and starts to untangle it.

Prince Silas' black eyes look down at the serious appearance of Alaric and hums in quiet acquiescence. "Teach me next time?" 

"I suppose I have to," Jia Hyson sighs emotionally as he deftly fixes the other's tie. He then pats the other on the shoulder heavily, and seriously tells the prince, "My friend, if you really want to chase me, I must inform you, I'm looking to raise a boyfriend, not a child." 

It's not like he didn't hate a lazy lover, but Silas was really just too lazy and the initial impression was too strong. Even if he was better now, it was still hard to bear when you imagine him as a work partner much less a potential romantic partner. 

Immediately, the prince straightened his back and gave him a serious look. "Teach me and I will learn." He earnestly says.

Jia Hyson could practically see sparkles from his eyes and was momentarily dazzled. After all the man was undeniably incredibly good looking, even among the beauty of vampires, it was only his tired and lifeless aura that muted the handsomeness by a few levels. But seeing Prince Silas so full of vigorous and completely focused on you... even Jia Hyson felt his knees feel a little weak. 

Jia Hyson subconsciously blushes, "Hm, well, I was going to anyway." He hums before walking ahead. Prince Silas perks up and trots after him. 

Bebe: 'Damn, you really have a type.'

Jia Hyson: 'Hotties?'

Bebe: 'Enthusiastic handsome people that like to slide on the idiot spectrum.' 

Jia Hyson: '...No wonder we're bonded together then. It's a pity you're not that enthusiastic and I've never seen your face so I can't evaluate your looks.'

Bebe: '...' Damn. 

As they continued walking, surrounded by their peers who held varying excitement and enthusiasm toward their surroundings as they dragged their suitcases, backpacks, and in some cases- a trolley full of suitcases- Jia Hyson glances at a strange but beautiful large humanoid sculpture. She had a veil over her head, horns, a halo and black wings that sprouted from her hips. She was carved with lapis lazuli, a symbol of the night sky, with edges of gold and black diamond for her feathers. It was the symbol of the academy.

This was St Lailah Academy, and this was the angel Lailah.

Lailah is, in myth, the Jewish angel of conception, childbirth and the night, as well as a protector of children. She is not a very famous angel but she was one appointed to Abraham and one of the few named Dominions. She values and does her best to protect every child and though she often loses against her complete opposite, Lilith. 

It is with this angel as their symbol, the intent of the vampires who created the school are clear. 

After all, Lilith, the enemy of Lailah is actually the mother of demons and is also regarded in legends as the mother of vampires as well. 

However Lilith is also known for destruction and 'wasting the seed' of man. For the vampires who value every newborn in their clans, Lilith who is deeply associated with the killing of children, is not something they wish to associate with much less name a school after. 

Not to mention, the vampires had their own folklore that made them favor Lailah over Lilith. 

Even though Lilith made the first vampires they were not beautiful or intelligent or emotional, but were instead disgusting, cruel savage monsters who killed to satiate their never ending hunger for blood. Any unlucky victims who still had some life left afterwards would join their ranks. 

Lailah felt great pity for the cruel monstrous vampires birthed by Lilith. They were once humans and now they were forcibly stripped of humanity and made to spread this curse. 

So Lailah captured as many vampires as she could and purified them, creating the first pure bloodlines. Not only that, with her blessings they gained even greater powers and were even gifted with the power of childbirth, allowing them a semblance of true life among the dead. 

Unfortunately her good deed could only do so much. Lilith was far more powerful than her and hence unless a vampire was born between two purebloods there was a chance of producing one of the original vampiric monsters. When a pureblood infects a human the human will become half pure and half monster, less controllable, weaker, no special abilities and so on. 

The less pure the bloodline the higher chance of producing monsters, and over time it has become a serious problem thanks to modern media promoting free love and romanticizing vampires, planting a sense of rebellion in the newly formed vampires that weren't allowed to have children. 

Jia Hyson felt that to some extent it was understandable but generally it was pretty fucking selfish of people already granted with immortality, power and long lasting beauty to still demand to be allowed to conceive given the context. A vampiric monster didn't have any special abilities but they had explosive strength and the vicious brutality of a berserker. Coupled with an insatiable appetite and no sense of empathy, isn't it better to just adopt or something? 

However not everyone shares this mindset clearly. New vampires don't understand the traditions and have not grown up with their stories. To them they believe this is just an old wives tale made by snooty purebloods to encourage their offspring to not be diluted by humans like the Purebloods in a certain famous wizard story. 

Besides, while many haven't seen a vampiric monster, they have heard about the benefits of producing offspring. After all, if a new vampire is be lucky enough not to make a monster and produce a pureblooded child their status in life will soar to the heavens.

The very few that succeeded in this endeavor were valued by the purebloods and this scene is what many envious new vampires saw. They didn't see or they didn't care to see the numerous aborted children or the mental anguish of the parents forced to let their own child die because it had been a vampiric monster. Sometimes they'll be news about how two new vampires who had died due to their child killing them, but there were many new vampires who chose not to believe the news or cry conspiracy. 

New vampires were also disgusted by the purebloods ideology of keeping the bloodline pure. However the problem of inbreeding was the genetic abnormalities in offspring. Vampires seemed to have no such problems and every pureblood was at minimum above average in attractiveness with decent IQ. At most there were a few vampires who were born with a disability such as blindness, or being unable to move their legs but even non-inbred humans will also have this possibility. 

That didn't mean everyone was marrying their sisters and brothers here. Vampires had covens spread across the world and lived for thousands of years. Meaning they had options and the ability to wait for someone to interest them. 

Generally the covens will advocate foreign exchange in order to not only promote good feelings between the covens but also to encourage some vampires to marry outside and keep their gene pool fresh. After all, while the elders didn't believe it, vampires were intelligent and more or less decided to do so just in case they were wrong and the effects of their 'inbreeding' just took a longer time to take effect. 

To them, even their pride cannot match against the possibility of their race being harmed due to their arrogance. It could be said that the species was actually very pragmatic and utilitarian. The overall benefits were the most important thing and their long lives generally gave them very conservative views in terms of being better safe than sorry, such as their attitude toward childbirth and vampiric monsters.

In the plot, Jessica Fang will reform some of these views somewhat by giving birth to a vampiric monster who, against all odds, keeps a sense of humanity and love thanks to Jessica's unswerving motherly love. However while there's definitely a very poignant if obvious moral there, it's clear to a lot of readers that Jessica's situation was more an exception to this rule. After all she had a vampiric prince of a husband and various handsome and intelligent supporting male leads with high statuses to help her cause. 

Even then, the baby did kill her family dog and attack some robbers in this plot. Sure they were bad people who planned to rob their home and killed the babysitter, but damn, this didn't mean it wasn't a little unnerving that an infant straight up massacred a group of adult criminals. Also who the fuck leaves a normal human babysitter to watch over a vampire baby? 

Bebe: 'That was Jessica's niece. Bebe doesn't blame you, it was only mentioned twice in the beginning of the chapter and they don't really bring her up again.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Lighting a candle for that poor cannonfodder. 

If anyone needed a counterattack host it was Jessica's niece, damn. The baby just watched her die, and only attacked when the criminals focused on itself. And to top it off, the baby fucking drank the babysitter niece's blood at the end because the blood of the men weren't as good as a young girl's. 

The author clearly wrote this to emphasize how hard it was to care for a vampiric baby and that the baby didn't attack unless it felt threatened but the way they wrote it was truly an... interesting artistic choice. 

Which was a very nice way of saying the author is mentally impaired to write this and expect people to still feel that vampiric babies are okay. 

Seriously, if they added some details like the babysitter niece wasn't very good or the dog was quite vicious, the baby's attack, while still gruesome and unnerving, is still palatable to the readers. However it's adamantly clear that innocent lives were spilled, and ignoring the bystander babysitter, no one likes to see a cute dog die ah. Especially one that had a decent amount of screen-time in the past. 

However this problem was something for the future. Right now Jessica Fang was still barely a tween and will only grow up and transfer to St Lailah's in roughly four to five years time when Alaric and Kylan were in their last year of high school there. It would be roughly five or six years after that till the pregnancy storyline starts up. And even then Jia Hyson had to admit he felt that was still a little too early for Jessica. 

Like damn, call him a conservative in this regard but it's only a year or two out of highschool and you've gone and married someone, and gotten pregnant. 

Like fuck, you have your whole life to live. It doesn't matter how in love you are, marriage ain't just a piece of paper okay? And fucking use protection unless you've seriously discussed with your partner about having kids. Sure there's going to be accidents but come on, this is a world with magic vampires who occasionally produce murder babies, you would think there was some sort of potion for this sort of thing that, at the very least, the prince of vampires could access. 

Ah, well, there is no need to dwell and get angry with the semantics and logical problems in the plot now. Jia Hyson had to move in to the dormitories and get everyone settled in before their high school life could start.

Not only did he have to move in himself, he had been appointed by the elders to help the other vampires of similar age who enters the school for the first time to try adapt and get comfortable. There were many elders who secretly met with Alaric and offered various benefits if he pays attention to their little bear child's more than others.

Jia Hyson: What am I? A daycare service???

Maybe the previous Alaric was too uptight and unlikeable so he had never got offered to do this but Jia Hyson who had tweaked the personality and smoothed out the edges had become the best 'other child' in the eyes of others.

Not only does this other child have good grades but he wasn't chuuni, had a stern but gentle temperament that had a mouth that could please elders, but was straightforward enough everything came out sounding honest. Not only that he had never snuck out of the coven without permission, actively volunteered to do patrol work and actually did his due diligence, plus he hadn't gotten anyone pregnant and had no messy relationships. 

As a further bonus, Alaric wasn't just mature and steady for his age, he even made the most slothful oldest prince start to work hard!!! 

Did it take him over twenty years? Yes. But what was twenty years? These parents and elders were willing to wait fifty if it meant their children could stop running around and causing headaches and get their shit together faster. 

Elders: In fact, if it wasn't inappropriate, we would wish we could make Alaric give the chunni parents of these chunni brats lessons as well.

The chuuni parents: ...

Jia Hyson had a headache just thinking about it. Even if he has some family members of his own who are quite sensible and willing to help him, compared to himself they were just too young and inexperienced in handling so many bear children at once. At best he could throw them to some of the easier to handle ones but the harder more arrogant vampires would be put under his supervision.

Not only that but he also must take care of Prince Silas who was the most expensive and precious flower in the greenhouse. Jia Hyson furrows his brows.

Aiyo, it was hard to be a good child when you're a vampire.

...

At the same time, in a pale, almost crystalline castle on a cliffside in the most northern point of Alaska, a vampire awakes.

Maybe because of where he slept, the vampire was paler even by vampiric standards, with skin like snow, and short curled hair that seems spun like gold he was like an ethereal angel rather than a creature of the night. It was like the world was painted with rich oils and acrylics, but only he was painted in a pale and delicate watercolour with the finest brushes.

The only thing that stood out intensely was his eyes.

One black. One silver. 

As he pushes open his coffin, the head butler of the castle who had been waiting for this moment immediately provided him a small bed tray with the other's favourite meal on it. "How was you sleep your highness?" He politely murmurs, careful not to let his voice be too loud and jolt the prince's slow process as he comes out of his long slumber. "The king has requested you enter St Lailah's Academy once you awaken, in order for you to see the current situation with vampires of your generation."

The butler does not even dare to look in his direction, submissively and deferentially looking downwards as he patiently waits for an answer.

"That is fine," The blonde haired boy pauses, his silver and black eyes turning an excited bright red as he stares at the bloody human heart on his plate. He chuckles softly as he takes a knife and fork, piercing the organ and slicing it into delicate bite-sized pieces, "And I had a very nice dream." 

The servant bows his head, "Very good your highness."

"It is, isn't it?" 

..

.



"Hahah, you're so slow!" A young student runs through the nearly empty hallways of the school while a few others chase after him with varying levels of struggle.

"Shut up; it's you who's too fast!" The boy who was closest to catching up snaps irritatedly.

Another boy looks behind to see two of his less athletic friends struggling behind and laughs, feeling a little better that he wasn't last at least.

As if sensing the schadenfreude, the two students lagging behind looks up and scowl.

"Fuck, ugh, off.. damn!" One of them hisses, while the other, too tired to even speak, just weakly gives the other a shaky middle finger as support.

The fastest student did not feel bad at all about his friends' sufferings and just felt even more motivated to show off and collect more hatred points. Speeding up, he calls back playfully, "Come on, come on! If we're too slow we might miss class!"

"Whose fucking fault-"

"No running in the halls." Jia Hyson, who had heard the oncoming commotion opens the door to his classroom and reaches out to grab the fast-passing student with perfect timing and accuracy while scolding him gently. If it wasn't for his vampiric strength, then, given the student's fast speed, he might have actually been pulled along in the momentum of the other's mad dash for class. Instead, the quick-footed teenager nearly choked when his shirt was suddenly grabbed, and if it wasn't for Alaric's firm grip, he might have actually fallen onto his face.

Meanwhile, Alaric had turned to the other running students and also added meaningfully in a chiding tone, "No cursing either."

"Yes..." The boys who had been running blushed and slowed down their paces with red faces. The fastest student that had been caught hung his head like a deflated balloon, a little ashamed but excited to meet his idol despite the embarrassing situation.

Jia Hyson smiles and chuckles, "You're so obedient, like puppies." He teases.

The teenagers were thin-skinned and didn't know how to respond, flushing harder, while the fastest one had covered his face, half-glad the attention wasn't directed too much on him.

Knowing that they didn't truly mean to cause a large ruckus and were just being naturally chaotic as they raced to get to class, thanks to his superior hearing, Jia Hyson did not give them too much of a lecture. Instead, he briefly went over the problems of running through the halls during class hours as well as reminding them to be more careful with time and setting the appropriate alarms before letting them go. "-do you understand?"

"En." The younger students nodded like little chicks pecking rice.

Jia Hyson smiles supportively at them, his bright blue eyes curving into crescents and causing more than a few of the young and energetic students to clutch their chests to try to keep themselves together. Letting the fastest teenager go, he turns around to go back to class but pauses as the young man he had released immediately turns around to look back at him with an expression wanting to say something.

"A-Alaric.." The fastest student clenches his fist and then shouts passionately, "I-I will vote for you as president during the elections!"

"Yeah!" "Me too!" "Same, same!"

Jia Hyson laughs and felt some of the students here were really too cute. Waving away their determination helplessly, he could only reply, "I'm flattered, truly, but please vote for Silas instead. He is much more suitable than me."

Male students: '...' Where? Do you mean in terms of his face???

However, Jia Hyson could not hear the inner hearts of the group he had just left behind. He closes the class door quietly before turning around to be faced with his classmates' bright, admiring eyes.

Jia Hyson: '...' Aiyo, I'm so popular.

While he felt the reactions were a bit exaggerated, as a person who was actually quite introverted during his young formative years as a middle and even high school student, this sort of feeling was pretty good. Not to mention his narcissistic side, which had only been fuelled by Alaric's strong need for praise, was practically preening like a particularly proud peacock.

With a soft smile, he doesn't say anything and walks back to his table, pulling out his textbook and pretending to read it. The moment he does, the room descends into whispers and activity.

"Damn, Alaric is so handsome, as expected of the Gentle Emperor. How did he manage to catch that little freshman so accurately?"

"Could it be he has martial arts? Uh, karate? Wushu?"

"Damn, don't be racist, not every Asian knows how to fight like in the movies."

"Isn't Alaric mixed?"

"If not, how can you explain the blue eyes? Don't look at that gentle smile. He's really strict about the rules, no way those are contacts."

"Well if he's mixed then he doesn't know any ancient karate then, it's a shame I feel it'll be really handsome.

"Hey. That doesn't mean he doesn't know martial arts."

"I don't care; either way, I love him. He's so delicate, but he works so hard, and he's so nice and gentlemanly, and he is so serious and lovely, and he's better than those smelly boys and is more understanding and in touch with his emotions and romantic, and- haaaaaa-!" One of the teenage girls starts to hyperventilate, face flushed and watery eyes full of idol worship. Her deskmate pats her on the back, clearly used to her friend's excitability.

Nearby another group of male classmates were having their own similar but very different conversation, "Alaric is pretty cool for a nag, like the mother I always wanted."

One of the boys snaps his fingers, "Yes! Oh my god! Yes! He's like the gentle mother or kind mature older sister of my dreams! That is exactly it!"

"I can see that!"

"Totally!"

"To be honest, I once called him 'mum'.. it just slipped. I was so embarrassed."

"...To be more honest I accidentally referred to him as my mum to my other friends outside of school."

"...To be more honest, I started watching stepmother porn after meeting Alaric."

"...To be honest, get the fuck out, George. You are not welcome here."

"I thought we were being honest!?!?!?"

Jia Hyson's lips twitch as multiple similar conversations like this are picked up by him. He didn't know if it was because of the way the original plot formed this part of the world and the characters in it, but everyone was really, on varying levels, a big fucking gossip. He was sure even without vampire hearing, he would still be able to catch more or less the general idea of what they were talking about.

This was most likely due to the exposition-like nature of many characters' dialogues one would usually see in some stories. After all, there were many times Jessica Fang, the original protagonist, would be clueless and would rely on the constant gossip or the fact that there simply were just too many people who couldn't seem to keep their mouths shut and had the urge to educate to her everything that could possibly be explained about the situation.

Honestly though, when not used maliciously, it was quite cute ah. Like little chittering birds. Jia Hyson's smile widens, and he lowers his head to try to hide the smugness.

"You're so popular."

A low and lazy voice rumbles into his ear, making him twitch. Subconsciously, Jia Hyson waves off the itchy feeling in his ear like how one would instinctively wave when a fly buzzes too close. "You would be popular too if you did more." Jia Hyson complains half-heartedly. However, to be honest, he was already fairly pleased with Prince Silas' attitude.

Prince Silas huffs, "Why would I need to worry about such a thing? If I am not well-liked for myself, then what's the point of putting so much effort into forcing others to like a fake me?" He reaches over to lightly poke the side of Jia Hyson's wrist, "It's so tiring, besides I'm already so popular anyway. Why would I need to try?"

Jia Hyson sighs, "It's still good to spend a bit more effort developing your social skills, Silas. Just having natural talent, good status, and an attractive face will only bring shallow connections with motive. It's better for you to develop more sincere friendships. It's good you're cultivating an interest in reading and the internet, but what's the point if you barely utilise it on others?"

"You think I'm attractive?" Prince Silas leans over and whispers into his ear again. This time he purposely lowers his voice to give it a seductive and flirtatious timbre that made Jia Hyson tremble slightly.

"Is that all you got from that?" Jia Hyson clicks his tongue, trying to ignore the warmth on his cheeks.

"I already know the other things; therefore this was the most important one to me." Prince Silas smiles a little foolishly.

Maybe it's because they had been in the school environment for so long, or maybe it's because Silas had become more prone to internet addiction. Still, his originally aloof and lazy temperament had slowly become a bit more rogue-like. At least toward him. However, overall, Jia Hyson had to admit he had become far more lively and expressive than before.

But still pretty damn lazy.

"If you already know the other things, then why aren't you doing them?" Jia Hyson felt like a tutor trying to teach a bear child how to do their homework. "You can't always hang around me like you've been doing since we started school here."

Yes, it had already been two years since they entered St Lailah's Academy.

There was not much to say about school life there. In Jia Hyson's opinion, it was simply just a more regulated and education-based way of living than he had done so before. While he couldn't do any patrolling, the academy allowed students to leave the premises after school and on weekends to go to nearby cities and parks, provided that they came back before a set curfew.

However, since the students were mainly children of important and high-standing public figures or vampires, of course, there were security measures both on the light and dark side of the academy to ensure minimal security risks.

Generally, though, most prestigious children were more or less used to such things. While the vampires weren't happy about it, most of them believed it was mainly for the weaker humans' sake and were, therefore, mostly appeased by this belief.

Jia Hyson wasn't affected much by that either. After all, Alaric was a good child who wouldn't go wild, and basically, Jia Hyson was the type who was happy to spend his days at home with stable wi-fi and good food anyway. It's not that he dislikes going out, but more often than not, a warm bed, a good story, and some warm tea were far more enticing than a hot body and a passionately exciting time.

Despite his high libido, Jia Hyson was not the type to live and die for his dick. Hence, when he heard there were curfews, he didn't struggle too much with it, nor did he rebel like a lot of other students and sneak out. Instead, it provided a valid excuse to stay in his dorms and enjoy himself reading, writing, taking photos of himself for the blog, watching shows and doing whatever he pleased.

And if he needed to vent... well, there was no one as skilled as himself ah- It's not that he doesn't want to do a school romance, but there was simply nobody to catch his eyes that wasn't going to be troublesome to deal with. After all, one shouldn't shit where one eats; with the same logic, one can't simply just fuck with people you share a class with.

Not to mention the human options around him were simply too young, and the vampires were a bit too... politically entangled. In the past two years, he only looked toward catching a handsome or pretty graduating student for a few months of secret dating or even just a short, very intense 'celebration' with the other before they left the school.

Heh, during the end of the first year he had entered St Lailah's, Jia Hyson only spent time with one graduating student and had eaten up the cute young man thoroughly during their month together before he spat him out into the adult world. After this taste of success, it was like a new world was open to him. At the end of the second year of school, he had become even bolder and accepted four confessions by offering to sleep with them once if they so desired before they left the school. After some thought, one young lady declined, but the other admirers- two female, one male- agreed, eager to enjoy themselves with their love interest and leave with no regrets.

This year, Jia Hyson, who was even more popular than before, was completely looking forward to the end of the year once more. ( >  < )

Bebe: 'Like a fisherman, you're just waiting until they're old enough to be picked off. Bebe doesn't know how to feel about that.'

Jia Hyson waves his system's words with little care. After all, they've had similar conversations before. 'Don't be like this; at that age, they're able to make their own decisions and mistakes. Even children are not as stupid as some people tend to think, much less teenagers who are at the age to drive. Besides, I made it clear and gave them the ability to make their choice. It's not my fault if they like me so much they agree.'

In a way, it was an equal exchange. Jia Hyson's body is satisfied, and the other party gets to have a good time. After all, as an experienced man who values his partner's pleasure and satisfaction in bed, Jia Hyson would make sure that if they were virgins, they would still have a pleasant and enjoyable experience, giving them a good memory of their first time instead of a painful one.

So there really wasn't much to note of. Probably the biggest change in his current life by entering the academy is that he managed to gather more friendly acquaintances and nurture deeper friendships during this period of time.

Alaric is meant to be bad-tempered and strict in the original story. An annoying, no-nonsense person who could only see the black and white dictated by the rules. But now that Jia Hyson was placed early in the timeline, he had nearly completely altered this image. Like a sculptor who slowly chips away the jagged and uneven edges to become smooth and polished.

But the people who had watched the slow process and were used to the original form would not necessarily notice nor truly appreciate it better than a passerby who had never seen the sculpture before.

Those used to the old Alaric would still admire the process, but the comparison and the shadow of the past would more or less still be present in their hearts. Therefore in a different environment with many people who had no previous history with each other, a new impression can be more easily cemented.

By utilising the meaning of 'three men can make a tiger' to his advantage, Jia Hyson skilfully used these unfamiliar people's impressions of him to even more firmly change his reputation among those he already knew previously, even giving himself a few changes to make it easier on himself. It could be said that while his long-term acting needed work, his manipulation tactics were really worthy of a slag man.

Fortunately, OOC deductions weren't strict for him despite his continuous problems with them. As a Beta system host, he was given a little freedom to interpret and edit his character in order to have a better opportunity to adjust future plots. However, OOC is detected when his actions are completely illogical given the character settings that he established or was previously established that weren't changed.

For example, Bai Li Wei should've been homophobic or at least reacted very negatively to having people he was close to view him in a sexual light due to his unfortunate past that circled around his beautiful looks and the lust of others. Accepting it and even slightly encouraging this taboo of having the 'adopted son' Li Guiren and 'adopted grandson' Tian Shun falling for Bai Li Wei was obviously a huge discrepancy.

Or Prince Farrell should've been very prideful and spoiled, even though Jia Hyson had altered the character to be more down-to-earth and love-able, the submissive and cheap shou like the behaviour of forgiving Sefu after he did so much completely went against the character settings. Overall, it was always something, but it wasn't unwarranted either.

However, this time, with so much natural editing to allow most of his true self to fit this character in a very logical way, Jia Hyson was pretty confident he's got this.

"Anyway, while I'm happy to be treated as your closest confident Silas, I believe we should at least have a bit of distance this year." Jia Hyson ruthlessly continues, looking deeply at Silas's black eyes.

"I don't see why this is the case?" Prince Silas's face was still quite neutral, but the fact his brows were furrowing showed his obvious frustration and rejection of the idea of leaving Alaric's side.

"You've already adapted well enough to the environment and the human students." He stated calmly, "If you keep staying with me and not learning to grow by yourself as a person, then my presence is simply counterproductive. Mr G-"Jia Hyson immediately shut his mouth, a little embarrassed that he had subconsciously brought the older vampire up once more.

Not only had it been two years since they'd been in the academy, but it had also been two years since Mr Garth had broken up with him.

At first, he had been understandably a bit shocked, but to be honest, their wavelength was really similar. If they weren't, Jia Hyson would not be suggesting a similar proposal to Silas for similar reasons. Therefore it was really not hard for Jia Hyson to understand most of Mr Garth's arguments at the time, so they parted very amiably.

Suddenly the phone hidden in his blazer vibrates. Jia Hyson glances at the front of the classroom and sees the teacher still isn't here yet, which was fairly normal given they had self-study first period. A teacher should still be present to supervise, but it seems this year, their homeroom teacher who should be watching over them was known to be notoriously late. If it wasn't for Alaric's insistence on some form of order in the classroom, it could be said the students would be much rowdier and far less restrained than their current gossipy selves.

Fishing out his phone, the corner of his lips curl upwards. Speak of Cao Cao, and he shall appear.

Mr Garth had sent him a photo. It was his gruff self, two half-smoked cigarettes held between his fingers, with a tilted cocky smile. What was most eye-catching was the man was wearing large light blue headphones with white accents and an adorable pair of cat ears.

[Mr Garth: They have it in blue and pink, but I think the blue looks good with your eyes. The clerk said it was new from Japan, and this is very good for streaming content too. Do you like it?]

Jia Hyson's eyes light up, and he touches the corner of his smiling lips before quickly replying back.

[Like! I like it so much! Heavybreathingfatcat.jpeg]

[Mr Garth: it even lights up]

[!!!!]

[Teacher you're so handsome today! I like it so much ah!]

[Mr Garth: Hairflipandwave.gif]

"What are you doing?"

"Sorry, sorry, just texting Mr Garth quickly." Jia Hyson apologetically responds but still continues to tap on his phone with a warm smile.

Even if Mr Garth and himself had broken up, they were both still on friendly terms and often kept in touch. After all, he was a mature individual, and while it wasn't often, he also had his fair share of breakups himself. There was no shame in no longer being interested, and no one was obligated to continue being affectionate just because the other was. Even if it was a bit of a blow to one's self-esteem, Jia Hyson could get over it quite well, depending on the other party's attitude.

Besides, he wasn't emotionally inept or stupid and after Mr Garth elaborated more after the sudden statement to break off the relationship Jia Hyson quickly understood this was less of a breakup and more of a 'break'. Therefore things became much easier to handle, and there was no need to alienate each other at all.

Besides.. Jia Hyson still felt he liked this man quite a lot and was reluctant to completely cut off the connection. Even if they really did break up, he would be willing to wait for a second chance ah. Chances for such high compatibility were fleeting. There's nothing wrong with trying to spend a bit of effort to recapture it if it was lost. Of course, it was still fortunate this wasn't the case, and the situation itself made Jia Hyson like the other even more.

After all, Mr Garth most likely had let him go because he truly thought it was the best way to sacrifice this period of time in order to prune off the weakness of their relationship and produce a stronger bond later on. Jia Hyson appreciated this logic and thought process a lot.

As a person who really did have commitment issues, this sort of strange choice to others was, to himself at least, one of the biggest displays of affection and compatibility one could give to him. It showed him Mr Garth really did think about Alaric's well-being, given his age and lack of experience.

Jia Hyson is not an expert in this sort of pure romance. He loves the possessiveness in people, the manipulative and twisted desires in others, jealousy, lust, greed... but he knew what he liked was not necessarily love. He found something he felt should be love in Da Gong, and maybe in his original world with... but in a way, he had unexpectedly found the true consideration that love can bring forth in Mr Garth.

At the very least, such a man who could let go, not because of any big dramas, natural dislike, guilt, or other external factors such as a third party's influence, and only did so with the other party's well-being and thoughts in mind... Jia Hyson really doesn't think he's encountered this thing before.

In stories, there were a few situations similarly, where the male lead would break up with the main character because he didn't want the main character to be with someone like himself or that the other deserved better, breaking the main character's heart in the process. This sort of act was more than a bit presumptuous and arrogant, and while Jia Hyson did, on some level, accept the reasoning, he still found it a bit stupid and overly dramatic.

However, Mr Garth not only explained his choices clearly to him but even emphasised that he didn't really want to leave him but only wanted to give Jia Hyson the freedom to gain enough experience to make an informed decision.

"I'm not worried," Mr Garth had said as he summoned his cigarettes and lighter before winking at him, "I mean, I'm so good looking, and we're so compatible, I know you'll come back eventually."

Jia Hyson remembers smiling helplessly at the man's rather cocky attitude. Despite the bold and confident words, it was clear the older man was so nervous he couldn't even light his cigarettes properly when he was talking to him. It was really cute.

Such an attitude, how could Jia Hyson not soften and wish to reciprocate a little bit.

Therefore even though they had broken up, Jia Hyson, for once, didn't ghost his ex and instead maintained their connection in some way. Mr Garth, who was a little hesitant at first, couldn't hide his happiness in the end, and they had become very good texting buddies.

They would often chat through messages at least a few times a week with little pressure, just discussing various casual matters or sending photos of anything interesting to each other. It was very fun, and in a way, they became a little closer than they had beforehand.

And the matters were really causal. Maybe it was because they had already spent quite a long time together for their standards; other than the initial awkwardness of trying to figure out new boundaries, there was practically no sense of discomfort or guardedness.

Sometimes Mr Garth would just pop in to compliment the new Jasmine blog post or mention he was trying a new type of cigarettes. In the same way, if Jia Hyson had an amusing story or was shared a particularly funny meme by a classmate, he didn't hesitate to send it to the other. Overall they were very friendly, but occasionally they couldn't help but be a bit more intimate and ambiguous, but it still didn't pierce the paper-thin barrier completely.

Probably the most affectionate thing was the gifts, especially Mr Garth, who would send him any cute accessories or skirts he saw on his missions. Maybe it's because he was a playboy who had dated many women, maybe it's because he was now an avid fan of Jasmine, or maybe his tastes were just so in line with Jia Hyson's own, but all of the things he sent were really in line with his aesthetics, which sincerely pleased him.

At the same time, Jia Hyson will not slacken in his ability to return back the kindness.

While he couldn't do as much given his relatively limited freedom, the closest place he could go out to visit on the weekends was catered toward the rich students of this academy. Therefore there were many snacks and gaming-related content, so he would occasionally pick out some new food and drinks to send off to the teacher, as well as any cute merchandise that was related to things Mr Garth had previously expressed his enthusiasm for.

Even though Jia Hyson wasn't especially interested in gaming, especially this sort of fighting multiplayer online battle arena type things, that didn't mean he looked down on others who did enjoy it. Since Mr Garth was willing to accept his penchant for dressing up, why couldn't he do the same to support his hobbies?

Immersing himself in the sweetness of this ambiguity between them, Jia Hyson ignored Prince Silas' handsome face that darkened at the reply.

If Mr Garth had been pleasantly surprised by this turn of events, Prince Silas, in turn, was incredibly displeased. No, 'incredibly displeased' could be considered a major understatement.

Seeing that Alaric's fingers began moving at a faster and faster speed as he got more engaged in his conversation with the other vampire, Prince Silas clenches his fists as a sense of despair seems to well up inside him.

When he found out the two had broken up, Silas obviously thought that maybe, during this period time, he could, well, take this opportunity to win the other over. During this time, Silas felt he liked Alaric more and more as they got closer, thanks to this almost boarding school-like school life.

Even if Alaric liked to scold and held high expectations, the other had become more understanding and softer, to the point it even became a cute point in his eyes. And because their daily lives were so intertwined now, Silas even got to see the childish and playfully sweet side of the other he had not normally gotten the privilege to see before as well.

Not to mention.. that blog...

Either way, it seemed that the more Silas learned about the other, the more he liked Alaric, and the more he tried to change for the better. Even if it wasn't a lot, he was doing his best, it was hard to alter his habits and very nature, but at the same time, it felt redeeming and so satisfying whenever Alaric noticed and praised him for working hard, validating his efforts. But every time he saw Alaric become so happy when Mr Garth contacts him, it felt like it was all meaningless.

It was like he was doing his best to run to the finish line, but the finish line was being moved further and further away. At first, it felt like it was still within reach but over time, the more he ran, the more he tried his best to chase, Silas felt the gap had become a nearly impossible endeavour, and he couldn't see the end of the line at all anymore.

It was so difficult and hopeless, but he still wanted to reach that goal despite that. This was the first person he took an interest in and really liked. This was the first time he felt a willingness to do his best and try to do more. He didn't want to let it go at all.

And that was probably the most despairing feeling of it all. That he still couldn't give up, despite knowing full well, he should.

"Are you done yet?" Silas tried not to sound so sour, but he couldn't help it. Watching Alaric look so sweet and pining toward the phone filled him with the uncomfortable feeling of anxiety and the ugly emotion of jealousy.

"Almost.." Jia Hyson sends his last message before he slips his phone back into his blazer and looks at Prince Silas seriously. "Now, your highness," He quietly but firmly states, "You have grown a lot since we entered this school, and I'm extremely happy to see it. I am here to make sure you grow not just as a prince but as a person. Please try to understand."

Prince Silas almost coughs blood at the treatment disparity between himself and the chain-smoking sorry excuse for a teacher Mr Garth. Not only could the other easily gain Alaric's attention, but once Silas could finally get some himself, it was only so he could be driven away.

Try to understand? He didn't want to!

"I don't want to stop being friends, Alaric." Black eyes gaze into blue eyes with a passionate insistence. Such a fiery look, coupled with that incredibly handsome face, it was nearly impossible to resist. Unfortunately, Jia Hyson has long gained immunity to it, and while physically he can't deny the attraction, there was both too much trouble and annoyances to consider indulging in this attraction.

As he takes a few seconds to filter out the handsomeness and process the words that had been said, Jia Hyson finally rolls his eyes in response, "You- we'll still be friends, your highness. I just want you to make other healthy relationships too. Why don't you start with spending more time with the others already close to us?"

Prince Silas furrows his brows again. "Annoying." He rejects.

"Then find less annoying ones." Jia Hyson ruthlessly retorts back. "But I know you, you won't want to go through that much trouble will you?"

Prince Silas falls silent, knowing it was true. Already he was thinking which of the Academy Emperors would take the least energy and effort to get closer to.

While they were only in their third year, Alaric and Prince Silas, as well as a few other noble vampires who were on fairly friendly terms with them had already established an incredibly strong presence in the school.

Maybe it was just because Silas was the crown prince, maybe it was because everyone was too handsome, or maybe it was because in these sort of romantic-driven plot worlds, there was a constant need in schools to have' The Group Of Hot Popular People That Rule The School', but all the best-looking and talented had eventually gathered around Prince Silas and established The Academy Emperors. Including Alaric.

How did Jia Hyson personally feel about it? Well.. the rational, mature part of him wanted to cringe so hard that he sometimes wanted to become a tiny crumpled paper ball thrown off a cliff by a very unsatisfied artist that couldn't seem to find any inspiration. However, on the other hand... the chuuni part of Jia Hyson actually felt... it was a little cool ah.

There is no boy who won't feel a little bit pleased with the idea of many fellow schoolmates idolising and admiring him, clamouring to call him the school prince. Even if they say they find it annoying or even disgusting, there will also be a sense of pride and confidence in the knowledge they have been valued in such an excessive manner. While the term of 'emperor' was even more exaggerated, the domineering, handsome taste was undeniable ah.

But then, after feeling a little happy, Jia Hyson would once again feel embarrassed and would cycle back to his first idea of becoming a paper ball. Still, after so long, he had gotten used to it enough that the shame had half-dissipated, and vanity finally won out in a crushing victory.

Now, he had long embraced his Gentle Emperor title with secret narcissistic glee.

The Academy Emperors had six members. Alaric had been crowned the Gentle Emperor due to his seemingly kind temperament and his way of choosing to softly scold and rarely raising his voice.

To be honest, it was not very suitable as Alaric was also one of most rule-abiding and stern, but this title simply sounded better, and his temperament matched it well enough.

After himself, there was also the Arts Emperor, the Fighting Emperor, the Icy Emperor and the Tyrant Emperor. The first two were named for their skills and the last two for their temperaments. In fact, the Arts Emperor was aloof, and the Fighting Emperor was considered violent and fierce; other than Alaric, there were probably no others in the group who could be considered 'approachable'.

Prince Silas, as the one who the emperors circled around, and his undeniable talents, was deemed the Genius Emperor, but many people secretly deemed him the Lazy Emperor. He had a strong number of fans mainly due to his face and his effortless ability to be good at everything presented to him, but at the same time, he also amassed an equal amount of hatred and jealousy. At the very least, there were many who admitted he was very good, but they didn't like him much compared to the other Emperors.

And to be honest, Jia Hyson understood the students' feelings.

After all, what was very attractive was a person who was deemed a genius but actually also worked hard behind the scenes to improve himself further. It's true Prince Silas has stopped being complacent and decided to work on himself, but the effort he made to accomplish it was probably the same level of effort one would use to beat the first ten levels of Candy Crush.

Jia Hyson could only describe it as the feeling of seeing a person who had great talent but lazed all day wasting it, only doing the bare minimum homework. Yet despite this lack of effort, they can still take a mock exam test and get 600. This is already frustrating enough in various ways, but one day the person decides to take everyone's advice and put a little more effort into their studies. This person then puts that effort into borrowing someone else's notes, reading them a few times before the real exam, and then gets a 745.

No matter how big your heart is, this sense of heaven and earth is really too crushing and can make many people uncomfortable in their hearts. Therefore while there is admiration toward Silas, there is also a deep feeling of unfairness that many people will project into dislike. It is amazing to be a genius, but there are levels among genius. Prince Silas was simply so far up it felt like cheating the genetic lottery.

This was also why Jia Hyson would not let himself become too interested. After all, Silas was still quite immature and insisted on a proper lovers relationship. But Jia Hyson didn't like the large gap between them, nor did he like being the personal life coach to his boyfriend either.

Maybe it's acceptable to handle one of those emotional problems, but having both extremes of incompetence in the form of laziness and then impossible to reach genius felt too much to untangle in a relationship. It was better to be friends, which he had made quite clear for a while now.

Unfortunately, some people were not willing to be clear and would rather let things continue to be muddy. Even more, unfortunately, the other was even his big golden thigh Jia Hyson relied on for an extra layer of protection against the protagonist later on.

Jia Hyson internally sighs as he silently communicates with Bebe. 'This time, I really do think I've messed too much with Prince Silas.' What was the most annoying thing was that Jia Hyson didn't even try to seduce the other or anything. It would be fine if the other just had a sweet naive schoolboy's crush or was of lower standing than himself, but since neither condition was fulfilled, it had become greatly troublesome to handle.

Bebe also sighs and comforts, 'It really wasn't your slutty self's fault. Who knew the crown prince was such a cuck?'

In Bebe's opinion, this guy was even worse than Sefu. Sefu was a coward, but at least he didn't confess or try to pursue people who he knew were already in a relationship or anything.

Jia Hyson: '...' Well, he wouldn't have said it like that. But sure.

"..okay I'll do it." Prince Silas reluctantly agrees before reaching out to grab the other's cool hand, rubbing his thumb on the smooth skin. Jia Hyson smiles gratefully and slips his hand out of the other's grasp with little emotional fluctuation. Even though the image was very handsome, Jia Hyson still felt a little bored in his heart.

The ability to tell Prince Silas what to do was satisfying at first, but Jia Hyson felt more and more like a mother with a very passive child. The child is still eager to please but is too sticky and must be told exactly what to do. A bit cute, but over time it just became more than a little frustrating.

It was a pity Prince Silas was so beautiful, and the taste of his appearance was unique and full of fantasy with his noble aura, dark eyes with glasses and silvery white long hair, which greatly satisfied the aesthetics of any human being with the ability to see. But the emotional compatibility was quite weak in Jia Hyson's opinion. At the very least, it was severely unbalanced. Still, solely because of that heaven-defying face of his, Jia Hyson had to constantly remind himself in his heart of his reasons lest he is swayed by the beauty.

Bebe, who was forced to listen to the same reasons over and over again for the past few years: CatPlayingDead.jpeg

Fortunately, the teacher had finally entered the class, and the order quickly resumed. As a good student and a person who no longer wanted to be part of the current conversation, he was especially attentive today, making the teachers who taught him look at him with a loving gaze. Jia Hyson, who was especially sensitive to praise, soaked this positive attention as well as the admiring and coquettish looks from his classmates.

In contrast, though, Prince Silas, who had been ignored, looked gloomier and gloomier.

Alaric was so good and well-liked.

Why couldn't he be his?

...

After classes ended Jia Hyson was surrounded by a few bright eyed classmates with notes in hand.

"Alaric, Alaric, I don't understand what Mrs Thompson said about the symbolism of the blue valley scene." A pretty girl blinks her long eyelashes and hugs her book cutely, "Please, can you help?"

"Bah, that's so simple! Don't use this sort of excuse just to try flirt!" A freckled boy scowls before turning to Alaric with an exaggerated expression of distress, "Not when there's people in need like me! Wuwuwu, Alaric please explain what the kreb's cycle is, I still don't understand after asking Mr Walsh, I'm literally going to die if this is on the test next week."

"Alaric, what did you answer for the homework question 2b in math?" A short haired girl frantically asks as she eagerly pushes her own worksheet to him, wanting to compare answers. Not to be outdone, a spectacled boy also pushes the same worksheet enthusiastically.

"And question 5c, I feel like it's a trick question I'm doing way too many steps for this!" The spectacled classmate adds.

"You guys are always bothering Alaric," A female classmate with dyed green hair complains, "he's too nice to tell you to go away, but don't think I am!"

"Obviously nobody thinks your too nice." The first pretty girl mutters under her breath. The green haired classmate glares at her and successfully causes most of them to scatter before she drags her seat to sit in front of Alaric's desk with a heavy sigh.

During this time, barely anyone interacted with Silas save for a few blushing glances. Silas in turn did not give anyone face and ignored them. Even though he was considered the leader of the Academy Emperor's, his main fanbase was those who would watch over at a distance, so he looked especially lonely. Fortunately, or unfortunately, he was too lazy to interact with others he held no interest in, which meant he didn't feel any problems with the situation and even encouraged it.

Jia Hyson also personally didn't think there was anything wrong with it. The crown prince was smart enough, powerful enough, and good-looking enough to be able to live freely in any other context. But as Alaric, the loyal royalist and supporter of the Golden Rose Coven crown prince, of course he couldn't think so carelessly and should be distressed and worried about Silas' apathy.

After all charisma was an important trait in leadership and royalty. Even ignoring that, learning to be able to develop connections was just a vital aspect of living in this complex society, whether you're vampire or human.

Therefore with a smile he gestures toward his desk mate. "I'm sorry I do have something to talk about with Amelia, but Silas' grades are far better than mine, maybe you could ask him for help?"

The surrounding students went quiet.

It's not that nobody had the idea at the start. There was especially many girls who tried with the intention of getting closer to the other, but Silas' answers were.. infuriating.

For example:

Student A: "Silas I don't understand this question, can you please explain to me?"

Silas: "Probably because of genetics."

Student A: "..." Explain the question! Not explain why I can't understand it!

Another example:

Student B: "How did you read the book so quickly? That's so amazing! Can I get some advice?"

Silas: "Just used my eyes. It's amazing you don't."

Student B: "..." Well, sorry I don't use them as well as you!

And another example:

Student C: "Please I'm begging you, this equation, how??"

Silas: "The answer is x = 4y^2."

Student C: "Thank you! But, how did you get the answer?"

Silas: "I look at the equation, use my brain, and I get the answer."

Student C: "..." There is nothing wrong with the statement but there's even less right with it.

Jia Hyson was also not unaware of it, but he could only play dumb. Ignoring the sudden silence he turns to look at Silas with wide and expectant eyes. "Silas, you could help a little right?"

Silas makes a faint tongue clicking sound before nodding shallowly. He then looks at the other students and gestures to the spectacled one like how an emperor gestures to a slave for grapes. "Yes, I'm happy to help you guys for a little while."

Classmates: "..." Don't think we couldn't hear the 'tsk' you made! Do you think you can get away with everything just because you have a pretty face???

Despite spitting in their hearts, for the sake of both Silas and Alaric's faces they put on appropriately flattered expressions.

In turn, Silas flashes them a rare, soft and pleased smile. Immediately there were people who had become blinded and someone even stumbled and fell backwards under the sheer brilliance of the vampire's good looks.

Classmates: "..." Okay, okay, it seems you can get away with anything you want ah!

After a moment of recovering, the glasses wearing student passes his paper with the problematic question he needed help with, happy he was the first to be called out.

After all, he had been classmates with the two last year as well. Therefore he knew that 'a little while' for Silas could be between an hour to the same amount of time it takes to cook cup noodles. As for his 'helpfulness'... well, it's easier to reverse engineer and figure the process out as long as he had the answer!

Whilst this was happening, the green-haired girl, Amelia, drags Jia Hyson away with a smile. Jia Hyson helplessly allows the teenager to do as she pleases.

Amelia was one of the closer friends he had made during his time at the academy, and Jia Hyson appreciated her a lot. A rebellious, rich girl but with a decent head on her shoulders.

They had been lab partners in their first year, and thanks to Jia Hyson's friendliness and lack of judgement, the originally prickly girl, had smoothed out a lot of her edges- mainly toward himself anyway. This sort of rough and blunt person was someone Jia Hyson had felt was quite refreshing given how most of the student body was quite snobbish. Conversely Amelia liked Alaric's gentle kindness and felt the other understood her in a way a lot of others couldn't.

Unfortunately for her, just like Silas, their relationship was also quite unbalanced as Alaric had many friends but he was one of her only ones.

"Thank you, Amelia," Jia Hyson laughs as they start walking down the stairs away from the classroom. Because classes were over there were many students still lingering in the halls and stairs, so he had to move a bit closer to her to communicate clearly, "I appreciate it."

Amelia blushes, "Th- Well, that's what friends are for!" She laughs a little loudly before awkwardly halting as a few people glance at her strangely.

Jia Hyson ignores it, his eyes curving with amusement, "Indeed." He focuses on walking down the stairs as his green-haired friend silently fiddles with her fingers and looks like she's mentally scolding herself.

Did he know that she liked him?

Of course. If Jia Hyson would be perfectly honest, he would've been genuinely surprised if she didn't.

It's not just his narcissism talking here, but basic psychological logic and his own experiences talking.

It's true a lot of people will be attracted to abusive, rude or cold assholes as long as they had a good face, strong abilities and, or, good status. But if there was a decent and kind person that also had all those traits, the majority will lean toward the latter rather than the former.

He was one of her only male friends who supports her, acts considerate, and is both popular, smart and very good-looking. Neither clingy, nor too aloof, he can remember her favourite things and they can have entertaining discussions despite being clearly different people. Plus, people have often said that seeing someone attractive be serious and focused in their work was very attractive, and Alaric was often working hard both in studies and out of studies.

Therefore it would be strange if Amelia's heart wouldn't be a little moved.

But that's not his problem. He has way too many people who think they're in love with him and Jia Hyson frankly does not have the time to deal with it. If anything, having so many people interested in him was simply just another net of self-protection woven over himself.

As he said before, connections were important ah.

Bebe: 'It's amazing you don't feel bad leading them on like this.'

Jia Hyson: 'Aiyah, don't be like that Bebe,'   'I'm not really taking advantage of them, just let them have their bittersweet high school love ah.'

If they confess he will reject them nicely, if they don't why should he go out of his way to embarrass them. He will silently let them feel what they wish, and all he asks is to let his life go a little smoother, is that so wrong?

In Jia Hyson's opinion, he was a much better choice to have a crush on than many others, at the very least he will only sleep with people when they're about to graduate and his attitude toward others, no matter which gender confesses to him, was accepting and polite. It's true he was cruel and manipulative. But in a way he was less scary than the arrogant, second generation teenagers here with little concept of self-control and consequences.

As they walk out of the building, Jia Hyson offers the girl to buy her an ice cream from the canteen. For a rich school, of course the food was consistently both high-quality and delicious, and while meals were part of what their family paid for, the snacks between the main meals came out of their own pockets.

Amelia was not favoured in her family so her pocket money was lacking, albeit still much more impressive than any girls from middle-class households. Therefore she shyly agreed.

"What flavour will you get?" She asks as they wait in queue to order. Unlike Amelia most students here could afford these high class snacks without even blinking an eye, so the canteen would never be empty.

"I heard this week they have a coconut pandan flavored ice cream," Jia Hyson's smile was much more genuine and bright as he tells her, his mouth was already secreting saliva at the thought of it. Getting genuine South Asian and South-east Asian flavours in this country was quite difficult as the eastern cultures have not been as widely accepted and spread out like during his own modern time period.

"Panda?" Amelia asks curiously, "So it's black and white?"

"No, no," Jia Hyson chuckles, and tries to describe to her the unique sweet aroma and flavour of the plant. Unfortunately it was really too difficult, like trying to describe the colour teal to a blind man. In the end he could only say, "You just take a bite of my ice cream, then you'll understand what I mean!"

Amelia's face reddens. "I'm looking forward to it!" She bursts out before quickly adding, "The pandan flavour, I'm, I'm excited to try it."

"What are you getting then?" Jia Hyson asks, "No, wait, let me guess... Blueberry cheesecake ice cream?" He winks teasingly.

"No!" Amelia instinctively denies, but after a moment mutters, "Yes..."

Jia Hyson laughs, while Amelia hits him lightly in embarrassment. By the time they finished debating whether Amelia needed to try something new this time or not, they had already reached the place to order.

"A cup of coconut pandan and-" He looks at the green-haired girl playfully.

"..And one toasted hazelnut and chocolate in a cone." Amelia defeatedly orders, but the smile on her face ruined the effect somewhat.

After paying for the ice cream, they were about to go to the side and wait for their orders when a teacher walked quickly up to them. "Alaric Rong, the principal needs you for something."

Jia Hyson frowns lightly before looking at Amelia with some embarrassment, "This- is it really important?"

"I'm afraid so," The teacher nods, "Principal Matthews was very insistent you come as quick as possible." He looks at Amelia and adds considerately, "Don't worry I will reimburse you for the ice cream you and your friend paid for."

Putting on a troubled look, Jia Hyson glances back at Amelia. However Amelia was very understanding and shoo-ed him away, "Don't worry, Alaric, I'll consider your pandan ice cream my compensation." She jokes, giggling as she sees her friend's troubled expression turn into one of despair, "Seriously, I'm good, tell me what happened later though okay?"

"Of course," Jia Hyson nods, waving and trotting toward the increasingly impatient teacher. "Thanks for understanding, Amelia!"

Amelia smiles and waves back before sighing when the other turned away.

"Order for a coconut pandan in a cup, and a toasted hazelnut and chocolate in a cone."

"That's me." She walks over to the counter and then falls into a moment of silence.

This... how is she meant to carry this without looking like a glutton!

...

"Thank you for coming so promptly, Alaric."

Principal Matthews gestures to Jia Hyson to take a seat. There were three seats in front of the principal's desk, presumably for parent meetings and other such things.

However two out of the three seats were filled, one was a handsome, dark haired older man with a goatee, and the other... Jia Hyson had to force himself not to stare too hard at the other, but despite himself he couldn't help but give a few more looks as his upper limit of beauty was once again refreshed.

Mentally he can't help but sigh emotionally. To be honest, he had always felt his past identity as Bai Li Wei, and this world's Prince Silas were the most objectively beautiful and attractive people he had ever seen but, if Bai Li Wei was a tragic and evil beauty, and Silas was a studious and aristocratic beauty, then this person would fall into the realm of heavenly.

If it wasn't for the eyepatch on his left eye, then he would be even more perfect. After all, the other eye that wasn't covered was a beautiful silver, that made the young man look even more fantastically beautiful.

Jia Hyson wasn't religious by any means, but there was a strange feeling that an angel had really descended the earth and walked among them.

There was no doubt this person was a vampire. If humans could achieve this level of beauty, then the modelling and beauty industry would rule the world.

Still, just because Jia Hyson was stunned momentarily, he did not surrender to the beauty and once again regained his wits. Silently he thanked Silas and his stupidly beautiful face for sticking around him and raising his resistance to appearances on similar levels. Like drinking poison a little each day to naturally produce antibodies and develop a certain level of immunity.

The poisonous face of Prince Silas: '...'

Ignoring what felt like the holy aura emanating off the younger of the two strangers, Jia Hyson finally noticed how both people were dressed in a way that looked a bit too Edwardian London to match with the current times.

The older man was wearing a three-piece suit, with a high round-collared white shirt and a bowler hat placed on his lap. Meanwhile, the angelic young man was wearing a long sleeved white shirt with a ribbon tied around his neck, knee-length shorts, dark socks and a dark blazer to match. And yet the teenager wasn't embarrassed in the slightest, sitting up proudly and regally.

It was a little strange that they would wear such clothing... but when you look good enough, even the strangest outfits could just become trendy and chic.

Jia Hyson: 'Maybe I should go for this style next time for the blog.'

Skirts fitted at the waistline and flared at the hemline, lacy tea dresses, and the loose but still elegant corset free dresses and large hats. Maybe he could even wear a proper three-piece suit with a classic female hairstyle of the era like the Gibson Girl's style- ah, ah, he was so excited just thinking about it! ( >  < )

"This is Prince Rigel Delune, Royal heir of the Eclipse Coven." The principal introduces as he wipes some sweat from his forehead, not noticing Jia Hyson's wandering thoughts. "I understand things are a bit tense politically between the covens but I believe you, Alaric are still the best fit to help him despite that."

Alaric's smile stiffens as the words the other had said sunk in. Suddenly his gaze toward the angelic teenager became more complicated.

____

___

__




Prince Rigel Delune. Jia Hyson, who was fairly used to being summoned to help out the staff in vampire related matters, suddenly felt a little at a loss on what to do. After all this was the royal heir of the Eclipse Coven.

Jia Hyson can smile and be cordial to any royal member of a coven, but the prince of the Eclipse Coven was definitely one of the few that he, as a Golden Rose Coven member, could not handle casually. After all, they were mutual enemies that stood constantly on opposing sides.

The Eclipse Coven could be said to hold many counteracting ideals to the Golden Coven and many other covens, and was the head of the radical of vampires who believed that not only should vampires be able to walk free, rule the world, and support blood slavery among other things. That typical evil non-human organisation stuff most fantasy stories had really.

It was only because the Eclipse Coven vampires gave birth to very powerful individuals and offered various assassination, mercenary and even detective type jobs with little to no questions that they could still maintain a strong position in the vampire community. It was only the Golden Rose Coven who did not touch their services due to an ancient hatred that had now become a very hostile rivalry.

The story goes that the Golden Rose Coven was named after a love story about golden roses. The two founders of the coven were two women who fell in love with each other. One woman was vain and rich noble, and the other one was a demure, poor who tended her garden. The pair were childhood friends who shared their hopes and dreams to each other and slowly fell into an ambiguous period that only became more clear as they grew up.

However the vain woman could not accept her own heart at first and wished to climb to the highest position of the vampires by marrying someone rich and powerful. The demure woman was heartbroken and spent days and nights cultivating a flower for her loved one, wanting to produce the most beautiful flower, for the most beautiful lady in her eyes. It would be her most desperate confession of love.

But the demure vampire had a rich cousin from her deceased father's aristocratic side. This cousin was not only one of the few friendly family members she had, he was also a suitor obsessed with the vain vampire's beauty. He was of high status, rich, had a strong power and was intelligent, unfortunately he was a little plain in appearance.

Unfortunately, for the vain vampire, this slight imperfection was enough to dismiss the man from her candidate list. However the rich cousin could not bear this rejection and wanted her all the more with a twisted mentality. Knowing that his unfavored cousin was close to the vain vampire he used this to his advantage to form a closer emotional connection.

What he didn't expect was to see his cousin produce a dazzling tulip, representing a perfect love.

The demure vampire was truly a genius and producing new breeds of flowers, and the result was a glowing white tulip. This in itself was only a little impressive but the main point was that it only turned this particularly color during the eclipse, with the rest of the time it is a striking black coloration. The moment the demure vampire's cousin saw it, he knew the vain vampire who loves the unique, rare and gorgeous would immediately be moved.

Excited the demure vampire wrote a love poem and slipped it into the potted tulip plant, ready to boldly confess.

The meaning behind the poem essentially was, the sun is so beautiful and dazzling but hidden by the moon, nobody would dare see it, but my love, I will never let you be hidden and will always let you shine brightly.

However the cousin who watched over like a mantis stalking the cicada, drugged his sister and forced her to sleep for a day. Because they were vampires, of course sleeping for a week or even a month, out of nowhere was not too hard to believe, albeit a little rude if they had already made prior appointments. A day was not too long to worry about.

Unfortunately it may not be very long, but it was enough to change everything. When his sister woke up she had found her love had been won over by her own brother, using both her words and her flowers.

Grief-stricken she ran away with a broken heart, not wanting to come between her crush and her brother.

Bebe: 'Damn, Bebe would have slapped the scum brother and kicked him in the crotch.'

Jia Hyson: 'What dumb bitch doesn't for a second think something was suspicious though. I would slap her first and then give evidence that it was my fucking plant in front of a crowd of people to ruin my shit cousin's reputation, then leave their asses.'

Bebe: 'Sounds a bit tame for you to be honest.'

Jia Hyson: 'The plan is to kill them later after they wallow in embarrassment and regret of their actions oh-'  

Bebe: 'Well... That's more like it.'

Later on the vain vampire heard about a place of great beauty. A garden full of the most lovely, precious and enchanting flowers.

Curious, she visits, and its the demure vampire who had spent the entire time putting her love into the vegetation around her. Seeing the demure vampire so passionate and in her element, the vain vampire who was now a rich but unhappy wife, realised the error of her ways and began her wife-chasing crematorium drama.

Finally the vain vampire divorced the rich cousin and entered true love with the demure vampire after many trials and misunderstandings were cleared up. The couple then started the Golden Rose Coven in the garden they had reunited in, and the demure vampire had proposed using a specially bred golden rose.

As for the rich cousin... he had completely blackened during the plot and done many things from provoking the relationship to blackmail, kidnapping and attempted murder among other things. In the end he was almost executed for his crimes and escaped, creating the Eclipse Coven with a group of like-minded people.

When Jia Hyson first heard the story, his first reaction was immediately: Oh, so it's basically a story of a scum woman and cheap lady.

His second reaction was: Oh, so the Eclipse Coven is basically the conclusion of an NTR story of the scum cuckold.

Bebe: '...' There's nothing to refute there.

Jia Hyson had to say, the author god in this world really had some... tastes.

Anyway, whether the story was good or not, this was simply the history of this world. And the reality was, since the very start, the two covens have had a great enmity to each other.

Now that many years have passed and new generations have diluted the hatred but it was still far from good. In Jia Hyson's opinion it was partly because of the words of their predecessors passed down, partly because their ideological education was different, and partly due to an instinctive dislike brought by the world plot.

After all, the Eclipse Coven played the main antagonistic role in the majority of the entire plot. As the protagonist camp, the Golden Rose Coven, it would not be too hard to believe the world's consciousness produced a faint inexplicable sense of rejection for each other in order to maintain this antagonism for the plot.

In the first story the Eclipse Coven supported Prince Kieran's conspiracy against the male lead Prince Damien and their members were the main frontline fighters.

The second story is Jessica Fang's introduction to more vampire culture starting with St Lailah's Academy, and the Eclipse vampire students did not hold much of a role as the main antagonists in this volume were the bad hearts of humans, but they were presented as bullies, rebels and gangsters. The temperament was bad, violent and wanton, doing what they please and only being pleasing when they want.

While they weren't the main villains they served well as cannonfodder and a red herring, as well as hinting for a bigger conspiracy to come with their words and attitude. Prince Rigel Delune also made an appearance and had 'befriended' Jessica, making Prince Damien jealousy and causing a lot of tension in the background.

This ominous hinting from the second book then lead's the readers to one of the main plot lines of the third book, which is that the Eclipse Coven intends to revive an ancient vampire god and bring back the age of vampire supremacy. This plot was led by Prince Rigel and the ritual was a success at the cost of his life, unfortunately the recently revived vampire would not be at full strength and was eventually beaten back by Prince Silas and the protagonists. The great and evil Eclipse Coven then fell and scattered to nicely tie up the end of the volume.

After this, the Eclipse Coven more or less took a backseat and let a few other villainous characters enter for the last half of the series but there were many 'survivors' of the Eclipse Coven that would come back for the sake of revenge.

In all honestly, this 'reappearance of the survivors of the Eclipse Coven' plot ended up becoming more of a recurring theme, accurately representing the term of beating a dead horse quite well. Whether they were helping with pulling the strings, a supporting villain, a cannonfodder, or even just one of the mob fighters, there was at least one vampire that was an ex-Eclipse.

It really made one wonder how great the coven benefits must have been for these vampires to still hold on to their loyalism to the Eclipse Coven to the point they wished to take radical actions instead of moving on.

"-and that's why I believe you are the most suitable to help Prince Rigel don't you agree?"

Jia Hyson who was only half-listening as he desperately revised the Eclipse Coven related plot like a student who entered a class and realised they had a pop quiz about a subject they were taught three months ago and had little to no indication beforehand to prepare, immediately agrees when the question was asked. Then, just as quickly, he wished to slap himself.

Ah, ah, how come his instinctive reaction to a question was to agree with whatever was said?? He was so old, how come he has never learned from this?? Was he a fool??? Fuck!

The principal shows a relieved expression, "That's great, that's great, then if you don't mind, Prince Rigel will also move in with you to help him get accommodated faster."

Jia Hyson: ???????

Are you fucking with him? Of course he fucking minds!

As a noble vampire, a top student and the best friend of the crown prince of the Golden Rose Coven, his dorm was not only very large but he also had the privilege of living alone. His living situation was better than staying in some hotels and he had no intention of compromising this, especially since he also had his special hobby that needed to be indulged in.

If the enemy lives with him, forget crossdressing, Jia Hyson wouldn't even be able to let this persona down and relax in the privacy of his dorms.

No matter how familiar the persona was to him, he was not Alaric, and pretending to be someone else for so long was a mentally and emotionally draining task no matter how good you were at it. At the very least, he really couldn't do it.

Some people were born to be able to completely alter their own identity and change colours like a chameleon, but Jia Hyson could only be a very good liar at best. His sense of self was too strong, which in this case was truly quite the detriment to the situation.

Pretending he was not full of righteous indignation, Jia Hyson gives the principal a look full of apologetic reluctance, "I'm sorry, but this is a bit inappropriate. Prince Rigel is of higher standing than me and from a different coven, we are not familiar and I am afraid that I simply can't afford the offence if I do something rude."

A soft laugh, followed by a light but low voice responds before the principal could. "Do not worry," Prince Rigel stands from his seat and walks around to stand by where Jia Hyson was sitting, bending slightly to get a better look at him in an assessing manner. Despite his soft and pure appearance, Jia Hyson could feel that the gaze was quite chilling. "I am not such a delicate greenhouse flower. At least, I promise not to be so easily angered with my first roommate."

Jia Hyson: '...' No, the one who is about to be easily angered to death is clearly me.

In the end, Alaric was the type that respected authority and practically got off on being acknowledged as responsible enough to be given special tasks by those he respected. Since nobody in the room was objecting other than him, and he couldn't think of a good reason that wouldn't potentially offend the principal or the Eclipse Coven duo, Jia Hyson could only accept this new roommate with gritted teeth and a smile on his face.

"I hope you'll be satisfied with the accommodation Prince Rigel." He stands up and formally bows at him. 

Prince Rigel stares at him, and Jia Hyson could fill the chill down his back once again. It was not like the extreme sensation of ice, which would make one jump and scream. Instead the gaze was more like the sharp coldness of the side of a blade lightly, almost curiously caressing the skin. It was cruel, yet with a genuine sense of innocence and interest. Like a child watching an insect struggle, gently pushing the beetle and watching with fascination as the exoskeleton slowly gives way under the pressure of the child's finger.

But even with the feeling of uneasy pressure building up, he doesn't lift his head or straighten up from his bow, keeping up the decorum like a good traditionalist vampire of lower status should do.

Jia Hyson, as a man capable of such a gaze himself, knew this prince was truly worthy of being one of the main villain characters of the story. If Rigel DeLune was anything like himself, then he was dangerous and should be treated with caution and whatever form of flattery works best.

In the plot there was not much to say about Rigel other than his initial personality when befriending Jessica Fang was fake, and underneath was something dark and twisted. However, as an important character of course some clues to his true self would be hinted it.

Unfortunately Jia Hyson didn't have the time right now to look into it in depth and analyse the other's characteristics. Silently, he asked Bebe to quickly check the story and filter out the most popular words in Rigel's dialogues and descriptions as he continued to bow.

Bebe also knew this was an unexpected and unfortunate consequence to their actions, and quickly obliged, keeping one eye on its' host as it quickly compiles a list of what was asked. It even categorised the descriptions and dialogue to 'real persona', 'fake persona', 'consistencies,' and 'preferences' to make it easier and faster for Jia Hyson to read the information later on.

Jia Hyson kept his position for a few minutes, and even with his vampiric physique he was beginning to feel uncomfortable. For the human principal, he also couldn't bear to see Alaric being subjected to this sort of power move. He already felt quite guilty being put in this position, and seeing how clearly the other party seemed to be so innocently amused by Alaric's discomfort, the principal regretted harder.

Unfortunately, Alaric was really the best vampire for this job. After all, he has experience very successfully helping vampires acclimate to the school environment as well as provided a lot of mediation between various students, human and vampire alike.

Not only that, his powers was both powerful and fairly convenient. While he wasn't the strongest vampire, he was strong enough to at least gain the respect of the more unruly vampires who value strength. Furthermore, his status as one of the most promising Rong family members, and best friend to the crown prince of the Golden Coven meant that his background was not easy to bully at all.

Therefore, despite knowing the Eclipse Coven and Golden Rose Coven had a great enmity, Principal Matthews still felt Alaric Rong was the best person for the task. Such a good child, who wouldn't like him?

However, he didn't realise that the Prince of the Eclipse Coven would be so sick that he would behave so inexplicably. Principal Matthews was only human after all, he came from a long lineage of humans who served the vampires, with recent generations mainly revolving around St Lailah's Academy, so his information network is not bad.

But the Eclipse Coven was always a coven that demanded secrecy given their own line of mercenary and assassination-type work, and their young prince was even more shrouded in mystery. Principal Matthews only knew he was powerful and and had been asleep for at least sixteen years for some reason. As for his personality? Other than that the other was a bit free-spirited, he really didn't know much else.

Seeing that Alaric was starting to clench his fists from the strain of maintaining his awkward bowing posture for so long, the principal was greatly distressed and swallowing his nerves, stepped in to try stop Prince Rigel. "This- Prince Rigel, don't you think that's enough? Alaric has kindly volunteered to help you after all and- ah!"

Principal Matthews groans as he was suddenly thrown against the wall. While it wasn't enough to severely damage him, he was still a middle-aged human, and the pain was enough for him to break out in cold sweat and feel lightheaded from the impact. Jia Hyson was shocked by the sudden sounds of violence and straightened up instinctively to see what happened only for him to suddenly fall to his knees as an unprecedented pressure overwhelmed him.

"I didn't say to get up yet?" The airy but low voice of the angelic prince questions with a light laugh, "Ah, that's a bit disappointing, but you did pretty good."

Jia Hyson's hands where on the floor, head bent down as he struggled to stay on his hands and knees and not completely embarrass himself by letting his limbs give way and lying on the floor. With gritted teeth, Jia Hyson inwardly curses but outwardly he says dryly, "Thank you... for.. kgh.. the praise.. Prince Rigel."

Seemingly pleased with the answer, Jia Hyson found the pressure on him release immediately and it was like even the air had suddenly become much easier to breath. Swallowing the air greedily, Jia Hyson still didn't dare get up from his current position, already have a slight idea of what type of psycho this person could be.

As expected, his caution paid off, and Prince Rigel in a much happier voice after a minute of silence finally said, "Very good, you may rise."

'Bebe, this guy is fucking bitch whore,' Jia Hyson complains as he trembling gets up. 'Like fuck this guy, I hope the ritual he dies in, makes him die super excruciatingly, like what an asshole.'

'Apparently he just slits his throat and dies.' Bebe comments, making Jia Hyson want to scowl. Jia Hyson would kill people he's willingly been on his knees for far more brutally, much less those who forced him on his knees. Such an easy death, he won't accept it!

Bebe: '...what happened to trying to stay out of the plot as best you can, host?'

Jia Hyson: 'It's still there but if I have the opportunity to beat this guy to death, I will seriously contemplate throwing out the entire mission to do it.'

Bebe: 'Seems a little much.'

Jia Hyson: 'It is.' UwU

Bebe: '...'

Jia Hyson: 'But that's okay, we'll consider it an investment plan since I'll be living with him and I'm sure he'll further cement this idea eventually.  '

Bebe: '...' Well, it's a good thing we're fairly rich in points right now at least.

Brushing the dirt from his pants, Jia Hyson straightens his back and sighs in some relief as his back cracks satisfyingly before facing Prince Rigel. From the corner of his eye he saw that Principal Matthews had already been helped by the older vampire that had accompanied Prince Rigel and hasn't talked since he had arrived.

Seeing that the other was okay, Jia Hyson calmed himself and focused on the Eclipse Prince, giving the other a smile.

Prince Rigel looks a little pleasantly surprised at his quick recovery and subconsciously smiles a little bigger in return. "You are a little interesting."

"I do try my best." Jia Hyson bitingly replies while doing his best to retain his politeness, however his entire body felt sore and his ankles felt like they were threatening to roll in on theirselves, they felt like all the support in his ligaments have been strained under that invisible pressure. "Principal Matthews, do you need to call the Vice-Principal Rong to help you? If not I will.. show Prince Rigel around campus."

Principal Matthews understood that Alaric wasn't ignoring him on purpose and was trying to remove the volatile vampire from the room and glances at him gratefully for a moment before coughing, "No.. no need, I can call myself and ask him to help with any arrangements to move Prince Rigel in with you."

Jia Hyson nods and relaxes slightly. The Vice-Principal was a vampire from his Rong family, one of the most capable in the family in fact, so he didn't have any doubts about the man's ability to accomplish things.

Not to mention, the other was discreet and Jia Hyson trusted the other to enter his room and help him. Partially because of the strong unity of the Rong family, and mainly because Jia Hyson found out the Vice-Principal was secretly in love with Principal Matthews .

He had always somewhat had a feeling. After all, while it was normal for the Rong family members to enter various different fields, the Vice-Principal was really too competent. Many people expressed their surprise and disappointment that the other rejected the chance to serve the Royal Family or enter the government body, in order to be just the vice-principal of St Lailah's Academy. In many people's eyes, they felt the other was disgustingly overqualified for the job.

Which, in fairness, he very much was. It was like a scientist who could potentially cure cancer decided to switch their biomedical degree to do acting.

Either way, it had nothing to do with Jia Hyson. What mattered was that as a man sensitive to these sort of emotions, and thanks to his reformed personality that allowed him to become closer to Vice-Principal Rong, Jia Hyson quickly grasped the other's hidden interest and used it to his advantage.

Of course, he couldn't do anything sinister. Jia Hyson was trying to keep himself comfortably in the good guys camp unless the situation forced him to do otherwise. Therefore, he chose the route of honesty.

Revealing he knew the other's feelings toward his human superior, and quickly admitting he, himself, was a bisexual with some experience and was willing to support the Vice-Principal in his endeavours. The Vice-Principal turned out, as Jia Hyson had somewhat suspected, to be like many male leads in many romances- a superior and domineering super virgin with low EQ only in regards to love.

In fact, before Jia Hyson had given any advice, the situation had been quite bad, and Principal Matthews had actually been incredibly intimidated and fearful of the other who was constantly cold-faced and overwhelmingly capable. Don't look at how insignificant it was for a principal to ask for his vice-principal for help, the ease and lack of hesitation in Principal Matthews decision to ask was the result of one year of hard work and relationship advice.

Thanks to this, now the great Vice-Principal Rong treated him as a love consultant and confident, and Jia Hyson had no worries about his sock puppet falling off in front of the other nor the other turning his back onto him.

Confidently, Jia Hyson walks to open the office door and gestures formally to Prince Rigel to leave first. "Prince Rigel, please excuse my impoliteness but in order to better hide your identity from the humans I will take off your honorific to avoid drawing unnecessary questions and attention." He mentions quickly as the beautiful young man walks past him.

Prince Rigel laughs, and it was like there was a dreamy halo of light around him when he laughed, "Okay, I don't mind. I'm a very casual vampire after all, these sort of formalities, I really don't care about to be honest."

Jia Hyson, who had been forced onto the ground because he didn't execute his bow properly twenty seconds ago: '...' As if I fucking believe you!

The moment they started walking through campus, the obligatory far too loud gossiping and whisper shouting was quickly overheard by them.

"Ahhh isn't he so pretty??"

"Like an angel!"

"Who is that?"

"A transfer student?"

"He's with the Gentle Emperor, ahhh, my eyes are damaged from the double crit of beauty!"

"Oh shit, I was already at the edge but I think I'm about to become bent."

"I wonder if they have step mother porn with angel step sisters?"

"...Seriously, George, get the fuck out."

"Are people always like this these days?" Rigel asks curiously as his silver eye glances around at the rather unreserved peeking and gawking happening. He was used to subservience and politeness, this sort of blatant impoliteness was felt quite fascinatingly novel and a bit unpleasant to bear at the same time.

Jia Hyson smiles awkwardly, "I suppose so, Your Highn- Rigel. But it's more like this school in particular enjoys partaking in this gossip due to our more isolated settings compared to other places. And as teenagers they tend to have poor volume control sometimes." He explains clearly, logically and easily.

Rigel who was ready to question further closes his mouth, a little bewildered and intrigued by the other's attitude. It was neither irritated, nor succinct or cold due to their opposing positions, nor was he frightened or repulsed after the way Rigel had previously overwhelmed the other in the principal's office. At the same time there was no strong sense of flattery, or fawning because of his appearance either. Just simple politeness and a faint sense of distance, like a cool breeze in summer, quite refreshing.

But then again, it was also a bit boring too.

"Anyway" Jia Hyson, unaware of Rigel's thoughts, quickly begins to try determine the situation, "Rigel, you've been asleep for how long now? I don't mean to be rude but it's important for me to know since it's now my responsibility to help you integrate into society better." Jia Hyson coughs lightly before smiling very gently, "If you don't feel comfortable with this, then please ignore my question and I will just assume you know nothing and answer any question as simply as I can."

The formal and neutral words were neither offensive nor pleasing, like a professional tour guide. Rigel had to admit, while it wasn't very interesting, the boringness was at least little interesting in itself. At the very least, it was still different sort of blandness, like the first sip of tea. It made one want to take another taste and explore whether this was all the flavour it had or was their a further depth he had failed to appreciate before.

This sort of feeling gave him the faint urge to try provoke a reaction out of the younger vampire with the bright blue eyes.

Humming in thought, Rigel smiles and flutters his long lashes coyly, his appearance giving a feeling he was much younger than Alaric was, despite the fact, Jia Hyson, who had some idea of the situation of the Eclipse Coven, knew very well the other was at least twice this body's age. "Then can I ask if all you Golden Rose vampires have gotten so beautiful in the past few decades or is it just you?"

Jia Hyson's smile, which was originally very natural stiffens for a moment but quickly smooths back out, maintaining his composure. However in his heart he was spitting furiously once again. First you act nice, then you use your powers to overwhelm, and now you dare try flirt? Fuck, really unstable ah.

Should he say, as expected of a big villain??

Jia Hyson: 'Hmmm, as praise I accept it, as a pick up line I can only say it's a good thing his face compensates for it.'

However Jia Hyson really did not dare to play along and flirt back. After all this was not a friend but a potential enemy. Also the clearly unstable thing.

He had not yet decided how to treat this vampire yet and needed to also contact his elders about this to see their attitude toward this situation. Therefore a sense of respectful alienation was the safest attitude.

But who knew this little angel would immediately try to flirt, not even two minutes out of the door?

"If we pass any other members of my coven, I will tell you so you can judge yourself whether we have become better looking or not." Jia Hyson replies succinctly.

Rigel felt the answer was a little funny, "Aren't you afraid I would do something to them?"

Jia Hyson reflexively shot back, "Aren't you afraid our crown prince would do something to you if that happened?"

Rigel: "..."

To be honest, he was a little afraid.

It was no secret Prince Silas was disgustingly overpowered. While many covens chose to hide any royalty with strong powers until they became old enough to control it to the best of their current abilities or revealed as a trump card. It was only the Golden Rose Coven who could be so outrageous and use their crown prince's power as a deterrent.

...But even if it was outrageous, they had the ability to be so outrageous.

The power of Give and Take.. to take people's powers, use them, and gift them, it was really too bad. There was no end of grievances from the other covens about this, after all, the Golden Rose was already the largest coven with good resources, strong vampires, and a stronger government body and reputation.

Since it was revealed that the Golden Rose's royal family had produced a miracle in the genetic lottery, it was like adding wings to a tiger. It could be said, since Prince Silas' ability was publicly announced, there were many royal vampires from the other covens biting their handkerchiefs with tears in their eyes every night.

Even with his own power, the chances of coming out on top was too low for him to be comfortable with. Rigel really didn't dare to create wind and fire in front of him.

Jia Hyson also knew this and smirks, his blue eyes curling up and shining with a smug, bright viciousness, like a cat who just tipped a glass of water off the table and onto your shoes after getting it's tail stepped on. Rigel couldn't help but be a little entranced by Alaric trying to hide the joy in his petty sense of vindication. The Eclipse Coven prince felt it was such a shame the other was holding back, the other looked quite cute like this.

After this, Prince Rigel was a little lost in his own thoughts, and the rest of the journey was spent relatively quietly with only a few simple questions from the blonde vampire about any unfamiliar objects they passed by.

Seeing that Rigel was more subdued after Prince Silas was brought up, Jia Hyson, in a much better mood, answered pleasantly and professionally. He even added some witty commentary to his easy to understand explanations that provoked a chuckle or two out the other vampire. 

"Hmm.. You're not bad." Rigel praises after covering his mouth and hiding the smile that naturally came after Jia Hyson's dry humor in comparing the human celebrities to a few familiar vampire leaders. "Usually, my guides are always so boring. You're quite funny, this headmaster has much more palatable tastes than I expected."

"Who were your other guides?" Jia Hyson asks curiously. He didn't know much about the details of Prince Rigel, but he knew that his power required long periods of sleep which is why he was usually quite out of touch with the era. Unlike himself and Rigel who were about thirty years old, Rigel was at least double their ages, but the time he spent awake was then them.

Rigel smiles and lists about five names. Recognising one or two familiar names, Jia Hyson breaks out in cold sweat. "I- I see. That's quite a few vampires. It must be quite a chore to undergo every time."

Hey, hey, weren't those vampires the ones that went missing many years ago? The other names, Jia Hyson is vaguely aware their families had some tragedies with their children at one point too, but it was too long ago to take notice.

Actually... in the plot didn't they mention a vampire had died a year or two ago before the protagonists arrived? It was implied that it was an accident but many suspected a hunter had done it, causing the tensions between the two groups to further strengthen in the background.

But then again, the Eclipse Coven was a coven that specialised in assassinations and had many vampires that had powers suitable to killing without a trace. From memory manipulation to invisibility, hiding weapons inside the body to swapping any liquids they touch within a minute, all of these powers could not be underestimated. It was why they could afford to proudly state being the best in the murder business even among vampires. It is not difficult to remove a few young vampires from existence.

...Though it was more than a little concerning.

"It was," Prince Rigel, oblivious to Jia Hyson's thoughts, sighs with some dissatisfaction, "They were also especially dull. A waste of air really."

He then realises something and looks at Jia Hyson with wides eyes, looking especially innocent and sweet, "Not you though." He reassures, "At the very least, it's an equal exchange of air."

Jia Hyson: '...'

On that pleasant note, they finally arrived at the dormitories.

There were five large dormitory buildings that were all connected to each other, both underground and above ground via bridges and halls. Jia Hyson, as someone with a lot of responsibilities, lived in the middle building along with many other important vampires and a random allocation of humans. Generally, only royalty and very important vampires who contribute a lot to the school environment like Alaric, got the best and biggest rooms while the rest usually had a four person room.

The dorm buildings were more or less a fairly even mix of vampire and humans, with the older students living on the higher floors and the freshmen at the bottom with simpler accommodations. Even royalty was not exempt from this rule, albeit their 'simpler' accommodations were still far more luxurious than any other room of the same floor.

Not only do the older students get better accommodations, they are closer to the dormitory libraries located in each building, as well as their special accommodations. For example the leftmost building had a rooftop swimming pools, the building after had a community garden, the middle building had a large scale game room that was guarded by the most responsible students, the next building had a gym, and the rightmost building was an event hall. Of course, as a trade-off, younger students were closer to the cafeteria.

As expected of the rich, even the dormitories were full of extravagance and many poorer students even dreamed of never leaving.

After explaining all this briefly to Prince Rigel, Jia Hyson brought him to his room to rest.

Entering his dorm and seeing the cleanliness of the place, save for the new bed and luggage in the living area, Jia Hyson gives out a relieved breath. The Vice-Principal really didn't let him down.

Of course, he would prefer it if the Vice-Principal would help him reject this whole thing altogether. But that would mean going against Principal Matthew's decision. Which would mean it would be easier to just join hands and assassinate Prince Rigel instead.

Which, well, he wasn't completely averse to that idea ah.

"This is cute." Prince Rigel comments mildly as he surveys the decorations of the dormitory room with interest. Jia Hyson preferred the soft and minimal style with light colours. Neither too cluttered nor uncomfortably empty. "Small and delicate, like you."

"Your highness, I would like to politely point out.. I am taller than you." Jia Hyson mildly comments back.

"It's more my impression of you," The blonde prince lightly laughs, "Like an egg. Really cute. It makes me want to crack you open, ahah."

Jia Hyson: '...' The rage is building.

Barely able to maintain his smile, Jia Hyson excuses himself by saying he needed to determine ta more appropriate place to move the prince's bed. Once a room away, his expression contorts, unable to stop the irritation.

Bebe: 'Host, please calm yourself.'

Jia Hyson: 'He called me an egg, Bebe. I'm not an egg. I own eggs. I use eggs. I'm no fucking egg.' AngryPanda.gif

Bebe: '...'

Bebe: 'When you say use eggs, you mean for eating right?'

Jia Hyson: ,,UwU,,

Bebe: '...You, you mean for eating right? Right?? Host? Host???'

Jia Hyson: ShyPanda.gif

Bebe:   '...You're really desecrating your cultural heritage by using your national animal into this conversation, you know that right?'

Jia Hyson: 'Let's be honest here, this is not the first time I've sullied a national animal in conversation.'   'So let's let nature take it's course and go with the flow ah-'

Bebe: 'There is absolutely nothing natural about that.' _ 

Thoughts were faster than speech, and after a few seconds of quick banter with Bebe, Jia Hyson already felt much calmer.

It had to be said that the things Bebe and he exchanged during their verbal wars were much more offensive and barbed, compared to Prince Rigel's words. However, the main difference was that Jia Hyson liked Bebe and enjoyed it's presence, while currently, he held nothing but dislike for Prince Rigel to the point he felt his nose isn't a nose, and his face isn't a face.

Any person who invades someone's life and privacy without warning will obviously incur some dissatisfaction. But as long as the attitude was good, the unhappiness value in Jia Hyson's heart would be relatively small. After all he understands it's not technically the other's fault.

Plus, while he has some control issues, they were mainly centred around his own creations and schemings, things that he himself set up and had already established a more concrete idea or goal. Outside of that he was quite laid-back and flexible when dealing with things. So while annoying Jia Hyson did not feel too hostile, just wary and a little nervous.

But who told Prince Rigel to be so unstable?

No, no, to be perfectly honest, Jia Hyson was very self aware of himself. He doesn't hate this instability. He likes abnormal people, there was a sense of understanding there he enjoyed.

What he hates was the sheer power and helplessness he had experienced. The pain and the lack of mental preparation really brought him a sense of pure fear that struck him suddenly in the heart. Like turning around to see a car about to hit you without warning, the sense of your heart stopping and your limbs weakening.

To get hit in a fight, and to get hit on the back of the head when walking down the street, the mentality is different and the subsequent attack will produce a difference in response as well.

Rigel's face that seemed to be carved lovingly by the heavens, the peaceful school environment, the familiar situation, and the way Jia Hyson had not encountered any setbacks for so long, had really caused Rigel's sudden violent action to uncontrollably shake him, and a seed of fear had been planted inexplicably.

Jia Hyson deeply reflected on himself. The plot was really too relaxing, and the mission was too flexible making it easy to lose oneself in complacency. His heart was very soft from the love of the last world and the sweetness in this world. This isn't bad, but it made him too easy to become overconfident and arrogant, especially when the trait he seemed to inherit from Alaric was a subtle but strong sense of narcissism.

'Bebe, do you have anything to help with this?' He asks silently. No matter what, he at least couldn't show this fear.

Bebe was silent for a moment before replying, 'There's two options...' it hesitates, 'One is you buy one of the emotional dampeners from Bebay, but the ones to specifically target certain emotions are much more expensive. The more specific the pricier.'

'And the second option?' Jia Hyson was richer now but he was still reluctant to spend the p for this sort of thing.

'...You have [Psychotic Break] which has the side effect of dampening your fear responses when it's active. Bebe can spend some system points to be able to forcibly increase and decrease this skill by two levels.'

Jia Hyson and Bebe fell into silence. To be honest [Psychotic Break] in the lower levels is not noticeable, after all it was a skill Jia Hyson had naturally gained in his original life, which allowed him to do cruel things and turn off his sense of empathy for the sake of sadism, and violence.

Therefore it was still within the controllable range for him, but the problem is he was a little out of practice handling this sort of feeling. Like a butcher who hadn't touched a knife for a decade, there is a chance of self-injury before familiarising himself with it.

'Can you change which skill to manipulate or is it locked in?' Jia Hyson questions.

'It's locked in unfortunately.' Bebe answers before adding, 'However, it is not bad to do this just in case this skill gets too high, Bebe can lower it to a hopefully more controllable range.' Bebe has a lot of opinions about it's host, but it does not doubt Jia Hyson's ability.

While it was concerning that he had a tendency to think with his lower half, the other only did so when he felt he could afford to, so there was no large concerns, only minor ones there. But what was truly troubling was his tendency for violence. While it was controlled, Bebe who lived in the other's mind, knew exactly how frightening it could be.

To be honest, even without this situation, Bebe was already inclined to invest in this ability.

Jia Hyson wasn't stupid either and already more or less understood Bebe's thought process. For a second his mind flashed with a prickly and vicious thought but it was quickly suffocated by his logic and understanding. With a sigh he rubs his fingers absentmindedly. 'Do the second option. I know myself well and, while I can't say I'm happy, I do admit it could be a potential concern. Better safe than sorry ah.'

'Sorry host.' Bebe apologises with some guilt. Jia Hyson just waves it off.

Quickly Bebe buys the skill and locks it down onto [Psychotic Break]. Soon Jia Hyson could hear the notification in his ears.

[Ding! Psychotic Break Level 1 activated on passive mode]

[Ding, ding! Psychotic Break has increased to Level 2!]

Closing his eyes for a second, Jia Hyson focuses on himself and feels both nothing and faintly something his changed. He thinks about Prince Rigel and instead of that biting, uncomfortable feeling, like fire ants running around his ribcage, there was just a sense of apathy, some admiration for his face and a sense of intrigue that had been hidden underneath the irritation.

Opening his eyes again, he smiles.

That was much better.

...

...




Feeling much better, Jia Hyson returns to the living space to see Prince Rigel sitting on his bed and touching the sheets with an expression of disgust. Seeing Jia Hyson's reappearance he immediately lifts his chin disdainfully.

"What is this?"

"Those are one thousand thread count silk sheets," Jia Hyson reports, "It is the standard for most beds here."

"Disgusting." Rigel's fingernails sharpen and he easily slices the sheets. Jia Hyson's eyes widen slightly in surprise.

He knew in the plot that Rigel was hinted to have multiple abilities but it wasn't expressly stated due to the fact, for the most part, he was either disguising his true personality with Jessica Fang or he was letting others do the work for him before he finally kills himself for the ritual. Seeing this, it seems the other having multiple abilities was basically confirmed.

To be honest, Jia Hyson was very curious about the other's abilities, after all, this was a big villain that was a little poorly utilised in the plot. Still, he stifled this curiosity in favour of acting servile and subservient. "I'm sorry to hear about your displeasure your highness," Jia Hyson smiles, "I will contact Principal Matthews and try arrange new sheets. What do you want? Two thousand thread count? Ten?"

Prince Rigel gives Jia Hyson a look of extreme judgement, "Are you a fool? I want cotton sheets with a thread count of four hundred, I will accept no lower than three-fifty and no higher than five hundred, and it must be single ply yarn." The blonde vampire immediately listed his demands with the confidence of someone ordering their favourite specific and needlessly complicated drink at their local coffee chain.

After processing the words, Jia Hyson was really surprised. "Four hundred thread count? I thought-"

Prince Rigel laughs brightly, his white teeth bared into a smile. It was hard to tell if he was aggressive or not. "You thought I was some rich greenhouse flower that wants ten thousand thread count silk sheets spun from gold?"

"Yeah." Jia Hyson nods seriously. He really did think so.

Prince Rigel: '...' What happened to being polite?

Jia Hyson also realises he slipped up and immediately puts on his professional tour guide smile. "I meant, yes, I agree that I thought so but I am deeply ashamed at my prejudices, your highness."

Prince Rigel: '...' So in the end, you're still going to agree huh?

Prince Rigel laughs angrily and then proceeds to lecture Jia Hyson about the best sheets to pick.

"It is a common misconception to associate higher thread counts with better quality. In fact, anything past five hundred, much less one thousand thread count, means there's a higher chance the threads are poorer quality. Many bedding brands, in order to get a higher thread count in their sheets to sell at higher prices, will use multi-ply threads, which are threads with multiple strands of yarn in them." Prince Rigel snaps his fingers and a glass of water appears in his hand. He takes a sip to quench his throat before continuing, not caring he was revealing another power his and continues his talk. "Now, what is the problem with multi-ply threads, you ask?"

Jia Hyson: "..."

"Well, that's easy. It's like the difference between a solid thick plank of wood and sticks wrapped together so it made the same size and shape as the plank of wood. Using this logic, I can explain why single-ply threads are more durable, last longer and generally higher quality as a result."

Jia Hyson: "Are you don-"

"Brands can fluff up thread counts by making a sheet of three hundred thread count two-ply sheets and market it at six hundred thread count, or just use lower quality fabrics that naturally have thinner threads."

Jia Hyson: "Should I be writing this down or-?"

"Therefore, higher thread count does not equate better quality. Good fabrics will have thicker and stronger threads which means lower thread counts. Anything above five hundred thread count should be considered a little suspicious unless the fabric is Egyptian cotton where the recommended count is four hundred to seven hundred threads- if that is available I would prefer this at six hundred thread count, Alaric- and those above one thousand are quite questionable."

Jia Hyson: "No, for real, you should consider making slides-"

"Really, at most, the higher the thread count the less breathable it is, which is good for retaining heat if you live in colder areas. However, as vampires we are not too picky on temperature, so the main thing should be comfort and quality. Cotton and single-ply is simple but soft, durable and reliable." Prince Rigel takes a deep breath, another sip of water, and finally looks at Jia Hyson with a haughty look completely different to his bright enthusiasm when talking about bedsheets. "I'm done now."

Jia Hyson was both speechless and amused. It turns out Prince Rigel was interested in these sort of things? It was a bit strange but at the same time, not unexpected given that the pay-off to those mysterious abilities of his was that he had to endure long periods of sleep. Still, Jia Hyson couldn't help but find this gap a little... cute.

Childishly, the prince had spouted any knowledge he had on the subject just to prove he was someone educated about this topic. Once he was done he looked like a proud cat that seemed to silently demand for praise.

And, to be perfectly fair, Jia Hyson had to admit he was really knowledgable.

"This sort of marketing trap by bedding companies is really insidious." Jia Hyson can't help but agree honestly, "I humbly take back some of my previous preconceived notions of you, your highness."

Prince Rigel: '...'

Seeing the polite smile still on Alaric's face, Rigel found it a little different from before. There was still that distance, the same gentle civility, but the slight trace of timidity was gone, giving him a sense that the subservience shown to him now was more a thin veil where a poisonous snake lazily hid behind. Occasionally the snake will spit some venomous words but quickly hide back behind the veil of politeness, content just to see his surprise.

Could it be, now that he was in the comfort of his own little nest, the other vampire felt more confident and subconsciously revealed some of his more genuine personality? If that was the case it was a little stupid.

Well, it didn't matter much. Even if the other was a little rude, he was a little... endearing this way. Just a little.

Feeling uncharacteristically a little generous, and a bit refreshed after speaking about a topic he was interested in, Prince Rigel leans back on his bed and continues to absentmindedly tear the bedsheets into smaller strips of fabric as he casually speaks, "You know, as payment for being my guide, I suppose you can use my name to get yourself the same orders of sheets as myself."

"Mm.. but I also have cotton sheets." Alaric answers as starts looking for Principal Matthew's contact number on his phone. "I don't know what my thread count is though but I'm pretty happy with it."

Prince Rigel narrows his eyes, "But didn't you say that every student has these?" He question accusatorially. His good mood instantly chilling. He disliked being taken a fool of the most.

The other vampire snorts softly, as if unable to sense the other's souring attitude, covering his face as his bright blue eyes seem to sparkle with amusement, "Yes, as a default. Students with more privileges are free to replace the sheets thought most people choose not to. I just didn't like the current bedding so I simply changed it to fit my own needs."

"Hmmm.." Prince Rigel hums, the coldness he felt immediately melted at the answer, returning back to his good mood, which had even improved somewhat from before after seeing the flash of a smile, Alaric had tried to hide from him.

Alaric was fairly attractive, especially in this manner, he had to admit. Not as good-looking as himself, of course, but nonetheless, it was not terribly hard on the eyes. Honestly, Rigel felt it was more a pity for Alaric to hide in that restricted and boring shell he seems to enjoy hiding behind, especially when he could be so much more. Then again, it was a pity for all vampires who choose to hide behind their exhausting righteous moral code. "Then that's fair enough, then I wish to see what sort of fabric you used."

Alaric smiles politely, "That.. sure, I will be happy to go get- ah???"

Prince Rigel wilfully waves the other off, already doing as he wished as he stood up and took a step forward.

His vision blurred and suddenly, he was standing in a clean and modern bedroom painted in light, pastel blues and greens. The bed was king-sized with white sheets and dark blue and green pillowcases that matched well with the room. There was a large metal bookshelf of books, trophies, photos and little trinkets, a large mirror and a modern study desk with sheets of homework scattered around, the only thing messy and out of place in the room.

The angelic-looking prince with a devilish personality tapped his chin thoughtfully as he surveyed the place. "Somethings not right.. it's really too dull and boring..." Maybe if he had just met Alaric he would accept this was his bedroom, but less than day's interaction and provocation was enough to tell him that the other was not as composed as he would like to seem.

Not as refined and upstanding, nor so pretentious and submissive, Rigel was now very interested in fully breaking open the other's weak shell and seeing what hid underneath, seeing if it would be truly as interesting and lovely as he suspects.

Of course, if he was disappointed... well, then that's something Alaric should worry about, not himself :)

Looking around, Prince Rigel's eyes cast his gaze to the large closet. Such a large closet, it wouldn't be strange if there were a few secrets inside.

However, in the end, he ignored it in favour of circling the bed. To be honest, there was just something strange about it. Vampires enjoy sleeping in enclosed spaces, this is a natural instinct which helps them minimise the chances of being hit by any unexpectedly strong morning sun. Even if they are no longer so vulnerable to the sun, it is still something long ingrained in them.

While most vampires are taught and encouraged to slowly wean themselves off the habit, the Eclipse Coven that advocates the encouragement of letting their primal and natural instincts run unrestrained, still strongly preferred coffins for sleeping in. In fact, while a lot of the very 'pro-human' covens like to deny it, there were many vampires who still disdained resting on human bed, and would use a coffin when they could. Probably only the Golden Rose Coven were the most 'true' to the cause, like the little golden children they were.

But Prince Rigel didn't believe that Alaric was such a good child. He could tell he was different, how different though was still another matter. 

Squatting down, the blonde vampire touches the bedside frame. Unlike the bed he was given, Alaric's bed was like a velvet box with a mattress on top of it, with only a small amount of space between the floor and the frame. Prince Rigel's own was a standard bed frame that one could easily wriggled underneath if needed.

Tilting his head, Prince Rigel knocks on the side of the frame quickly with the back of his hand, moving up and down the frame before smirking. He knew there was something in there. While he was not very familiar with the concept of storage beds, he understand the concept of hiding in plain sight. The problem was that at first sight, the entire boxy frame underneath the mattress really seemed like one fairly solid piece.

Rigel clicks his tongue with some dissatisfaction. When he teleported to Alaric's bedroom, he also made it so time slowed down a little, but that didn't mean it would stop. He probably could only afford a minute or two before Alaric finally reacts and realises where he had gone.

Kneeling on the floor he splays his hands on the velvety fabric covering the frame and drags his hands across the surface. Prince Rigel felt the soft and smooth material very comfortable to touch and was almost distracted several times as he became a little entranced by how the velvet would change to a darker shade depending on the direction his hand brushes through it. It was not his first time handling velvet but the velvet covering Alaric's bed frame was really beautifully patterned, a dark blue base but with smudges of lighter tones and whites, like an artistic interpretation of the hazy night of winter.

"He does have good taste," Prince Rigel admits to himself with reluctance and a bit of happiness at finding a fellow hedonist. It is not that nobody seeks enjoyment, in fact it's the opposite. Vampires live for so long, of course they wish to live a good and comfortable life. The problem is that over time it had become associated with luxury and status. Simple was no good, and the more you can brag, the better.

In this way, even real vampires cannot escape from the business vampires of society. With their coaxing words, discounts and deals, they lull you into a thrall that can make you nearly ignore the sharp, hungry biting as they suck away the money from your person. Even when Rigel was younger he did not underestimate a salesmen's mouth. After all, those bold enough to make business with his coven were also bold enough to swindle if they sensed weakness.

Prince Rigel also has some of this mentality, but in his opinion, it is good to be get what they say is the best, but it's better to get the best instead. Having only a gold plated surface is worthless, if he wants gold he must have solid gold. In fact his favourite is hidden gold, the fun in having to dig and discover the shining metal underneath the dirty rocky substrates, was very amusing. It's even better if it was right beneath people's notices so he could flaunt it as well.

Thinking of this his silver eye looks at Alaric's bed brightly.

Feeling his way around the sides, he tried to find a way to determine what was inside the bed. Without any thought to his distinguished status, he began to energetically rub the corners of the frame in hopes of finding any possible hidden openings. But other than the hair-thin space that naturally happens when two sides are pushed together to form a corner, the Eclipse Prince who had some skill in reconnaissance and anti-reconnaissance

His flawless and smooth skin wrinkles as he furrows his brows in frustration, but he was unwilling to stop playing with this puzzle in his hands. Unfortunately, he had been asleep too long and was only accustomed to coffins, therefore he really didn't have knowledge about the changes in bed trends and the different tricks one could use with them.

In the end, he gave up for now, clicking his tongue again as he runs over the bed sheets that was folded neatly on the mattress. It was soft and good quality, but there was a faint layer of dust on it, solidifying his previous guess. Unfortunately, it could not be confirmed today.

Prince Rigel looks at the corner of the bedroom wall thoughtfully, considering whether he should plant a bug or not. But then he quickly dismisses it. Even if his elders wanted him to do such a thing to gain insider information about the Golden Rose Coven, Prince Rigel held only half of their enthusiasm. For him it was more important to pursue his interests and enjoys entertainment. It would not be as fun if he cheated.

Just as he was about to leave he noticed hidden behind the pillows was a little green ball. Curiously he reaches out and grabs it, pulling out a small and very soft round, depressed penguin looking creature. Squeezing it, his eyes light up.

So soft!

Prince Rigel was taken with it immediately. While he was still a bit dissatisfied that he didn't figure how to unlock whatever mechanism that would reveal whatever was inside Alaric's bed, the vampire felt this wasn't such a big loss with the soft doll. Stepping forward his vision blurs again.

He came back to the main living space and saw the distorted and dark expression on Alaric's delicate face, and his mood felt even better. With a smile he waves and shakes the palm-sized plushie in his hands, "This is quite cute; I will be keeping it." He announces cheerfully.

Alaric seems to be rendered speechless by his show of power. However, other than the faint eye twitch, there was no other indication Alaric would verbalise his confusion and ask for any clarification.

Rigel was once again surprised by how the other had restrained himself from questioning him so far, even when he was clearly flaunting multiple abilities.

The prince felt it was both refreshing and a shame. After all he liked seeing the fear, envy and curiosity burning through a vampires eyes whenever they saw it, giving him a sense of superiority and happiness. But at the same time, he felt those people were so boring and easy to provoke. Enjoying the process but disdaining those that fall right into his expectations, he was just that unreasonable.

Meanwhile, Alaric had quickly collected himself and forced a smile on his face, once again distant, polite and gentle. Maybe it was because his senses was a bit warped but he found such repressed expressions a bit disgusting. "Go ahead, I'm flattered you like something of mine so much. However please refrain from entering my room without permission, it is not becoming of a vampire's dignity much less a royal one."

Prince Rigel hums, neither agreeing nor disagreeing and taking great enjoyment as Alaric's jaw muscles tighten and his blue eyes seem to be barely restraining the murder that threatened to overflow in his heart. It seems that the personal space was a reverse scale?

Squeezing the green penguin plushie, and rubbing it with his thumb, Prince Rigel chuckles.

Ahaha, it's so fun to be irritating.

"Anyway, what is this?" The Eclipse Coven Prince questions as he once again shakes the green toy in front of Alaric, completely uncaring of the other's obvious annoyance. He was very used to such looks, though it is the first time he has seen someone so restrained about it. Not to mention holding such a pure sense of dissatisfaction, with little disgust or fear. "I would like more."

Alaric glances at the toy and hesitates, "This is one of the characters from the Sumikko Gurashi Super Mini Mochi Mochi Plush line. It's not too difficult to acquire, but I got this from Japan so it's both expensive and takes a while to come."

Prince Rigel was a bit embarrassed hearing this. After all he wasn't familiar with asian countries at all, and his information was especially outdated. "Japan? That is the samurai country right?" He looks at the tiny and cute plush in his hands, "Things have really changed a lot." 

The younger vampire did not take advantage of his embarrassment and once again maintained a professional demeanour.

"Don't worry, your highness, I will do my best to try catch you up on any topics you feel you are lacking in. Even if we are covens not on best terms, I don't see a reason why I can't help you in this matter. If it turns out we're not suitable, then I will arrange a more suitable guide for you." Bowing his head down as a faint show of submission, Alaric clearly speaks, without even a tremble in his words. Like a strong beast that bends down not because it was beaten to do so, but merely because it wants to.

The blonde prince stares deeply at Alaric. He can understand why this vampire was considered so suitable to show him around. Thoughtful, and able to swallow down grievances. Yet, he was not timid and could even be a little fierce and bold in his own way.

Prince Rigel still was not sure if the other would be as interesting as he had hoped. But at the very least, he did not believe there was any other vampire here that would interest him half as much.

He flashes a beautiful smile, but his silvery eye bleeds into a blood red, the colour as deep as his voice was light and airy.

"You may raise your head."

...



"You may raise your head."

What a bastard.

Jia Hyson raises his head obediently and smiles faintly, "Thank you for the grace."

The beautifully hateful face of Prince Rigel smiles widely back. His easy grin adds to his wilful charm, "You may not believe me, but I truly am pleased by you and have no intentions for another guide unless you do something very annoying." 

"I'm flattered," Jia Hyson dryly replies before his smile curls up a little playfully. "And you may not believe me, but I am also truly pleased and have no intentions to shirk my duties unless you do something very appalling."

Prince Rigel: "I don't believe you." :)

Jia Hyson: "That's deeply and truly unfortunate." :)

Prince Rigel: :D

Jia Hyson: :D

After this exchange of smiles and words, Jia Hyson finally directs Prince Rigel to the guest bedroom that could easily be redesigned for the other's pleasure. Skilfully, he shows the blonde prince around the area. Jia Hyson also took the time in introducing the more modern aspects of home life as well. He showed off the air conditioner, humidifier, the different buttons to control the shower and so on before finally excusing himself to prepare food for tonight. 

D dazzled by all the new technology, Prince Rigel could only fall into a silent and befuddled daze. It was only a minute after the door closed on him did he finally wake up.

Prince Rigel: Wait?? Isn't he going to help me move my things???

However, when he rushed out to demand help, he found that his guide was no longer in the dorm room. 

Prince Rigel's ability was impressive, but it didn't boost his memory. In fact, because of the limits of his ability, his memory was a little worse than normal vampires, and he was often in a daze. The dormitory was so large and relatively complicated, not to mention full of unfamiliar vampires. Prince Rigel was reluctant to go out and cause himself and his coven to lose face as a result of his lack of knowledge.

Gritting his teeth, he begins to move his own items and bed, but mid-way, he can't help but laugh softly.

"Tsk, really irritating."

Meanwhile, the runaway in question was in the dormitory library. 

With a calm and pleasant expression like he hadn't just run away from a vampire prince at top speed a minute ago, Jia Hyson waves at the students in the area. Coolly he strides to the back of the library, where twenty small rooms are located. 

These rooms were somewhat soundproof, and they were a mix between glass walls, tinted glass walls, completely soundproof carpeting or plastered walls decorated with various art and a single rectangular window facing the library's central area. 

Giving various levels of privacy, it was used for group meetings, class projects, discussions and study groups. Due to its limited numbers, though, students must book in advance online or on the library computer. Of course, if no one was using a room, it was still possible to go in until someone called you out. 

The only exception was the few students with special authority and special access to one of two locked and completely private study rooms, exclusive to their use. 

And Alaric was one of those with this special authority. 

Taking out his school ID card, he scans one of the locked study rooms and enters smoothly. The moment he steps in, his soft and gentle smile is replaced with a vicious smirk. Like a villain dropping his facade, he closes the door with one hand while messing up his neat and tidy hair before falling onto the nearby sofa, relaxing into it languidly. "Bebe, give me what you compiled about Rigel Delune."

"Of course." Now that they were alone, Bebe could finally talk aloud and bring out the holographic screen with the information. "Bebe has also used [World Encyclopaedia] to try to determine more, but unfortunately, the topic of Rigel's powers is considered an undisclosed plot point that must be determined by ourselves."

Jia Hyson rolls his eyes, "Of course, ah. When is life ever that easy?"

"Don't you like a challenge?" Bebe retorts.

"Yeah," Jia Hyson sarcastically responds back, "But I like the challenges that are somewhat easy and make me feel good about myself when I solve them." Jia Hyson pulls out his phone and begins texting Mr Garth about the latest events. "You know, ones that are stressful enough to make you think about it a little bit but won't take too long to accomplish after a few tries, giving me a sufficient rush of dopamine and success that outweighs the previous frustration."

Bebe falls into silence for a second before thoughtfully muttering, "...So nothing like you then."

Jia Hyson: "...Yo, what the fuck does that mean?"

Sensing that it was about to be inflicted with a truly scathing response, Bebe hurriedly pushes the holographic screen closer to its host, successfully diverting his attention. 

[Name: Rigel Delune]

[Title: Prince of the Eclipse Coven.]

[Age: 73]

[Multiple Powers (Not known, was not well utilised in plot, hidden plot).

Observed powers so far:

Teleportation, both of objects and himself- Can move to places he has not been before but only confirmed short distances. 

Summoning items- could be another part of teleportation or a space ability. 

Gravity control- produces intense pressure that can pin down or throw people.]

[Personality: Erratic, wilful, childish. Skilled liar. Narcissistic. Toward Jessica Fang, Prince Rigel pretended to be a sweet and friendly youth that secretly sowed discord, seemingly both for his own amusement and due to the enmity with the Golden Rose Coven. After the reveal of his true villain identity, he is depicted as cruel, selfish, and slightly unpredictable behaviour. However, he only had a few scenes before happily sacrificing himself in the ritual.]

[Religion: The Eclipse Coven believes in the Ancient Vampire God, vampire superiority and supremacy. There is strong discrimination toward humans and the encouragement to indulge in the primal vampire instincts that come from their original form as vampiric monsters. This 'instinct' involves using humans as blood slaves, the pursuit of violence and hunting, as well as other things. 

It is assumed Rigel has strong beliefs given his active part in the ritual. Still, he had not been written to showcase a particularly strong discrimination toward humans and had even expressed fascination and interest.]

[Likes: Sleeping-related items. Honesty. Sweets. Comfortable things. Fresh blood. Wanton killing and being able to do whatever he wants. Puzzles.]

[Dislikes: Being too formal. Being too strict. Being restrained and restricted. Being told to do things he doesn't want to do. Boring people. People that bore him. Annoying people. People too impolite. At the same time, people who are too polite are boring, which is disliked. Pretentious self-righteous vampires. The belief that humans and vampires are equal. Carrots.]

[Bebe's final thoughts: Self-willed and contrary asshole. Has both oldest and youngest child syndrome. Surprisingly pedantic. Annoying and unruly garbage man with a good face.]

Jia Hyson: "... Were the final thoughts really necessary? It's all insults."

Bebe: "But was Bebe wrong?"

Jia Hyson: "..."

No, it was pretty accurate ah. 

To be honest, the information was general and not too difficult to figure out with enough time and thought. But Jia Hyson didn't blame Bebe. After all, who told the Author God to focus on the romantic subplot more than the actual plot? 

If one could cut out all the unnecessary miscommunication, misunderstandings, fighting, third-party drama, insecurity and jealousy in the love line, the Jessica Fang series would probably have turned out to be more like a trilogy instead. Then again, with the admittedly decent but poorly executed plot, it was perhaps for the best there was so much romantic padding. 

Before he could say something else, his phone began to ring. Seeing the name of the person calling, Jia Hyson immediately accepts the call and puts it on speakerphone one-handedly. With his other hand, he presses the tip of his forefinger and middle finger to his lips, kissing it softly before pulling it away and coaxing an icy white mist out of his mouth to follow. 

"Alaric? Are you okay? Wait, I'll use video call." The gruff and concerned voice of Mr Garth speaks in a rush. Before Jia Hyson could even say anything in response, the call had already ended, and just as quickly, a video call request was buzzing through. 

Making a little swirling motion with his fingers and letting the ice magic following it build up, Jia Hyson leans back and smiles softly as he accepts the video call. Mr Garth's handsome and scruffy face appears, his eyebrows creased, and his mouth frowning as he looks through the screen. Seeing the relaxed posture of Jia Hyson, he also relaxes slightly, but his voice is still tense. "What's going on, Alaric? How could you be roommates with Prince Rigel?"

"Principal Matthews decided on it," Jia Hyson simply and helplessly replies. Subconsciously his tone became whiny and coquettish as he finally had someone he felt intimate enough to complain to. "Literally just told me today as well. I understand why he chose me, but I still find it ridiculous. How am I supposed to live comfortably with him there?"

"Not to mention it's dangerous. I know Matthews; I'll talk to him. There must be someone else who could do this like..." Mr Garth trails off, hesitant and frustrated. After all, he also knew Alaric was the most responsible of the vampires, with good backing and strength. Another vampire doing this rather thankless task would be suicide at best, provoking a political and literal war at worst. 

But, even if he understood logically, Mr Garth still felt wronged on Alaric's behalf. He selfishly wished someone else could take the job instead. "There's got to be someone, or maybe another option-"

Jia Hyson's heart warms a little seeing the older man struggle to think about ways to help his situation, "It's okay, Darrian, what's done is done. There's really no helping it now."

"Matthews is a good man, but as a principal, he should still be held accountable for not informing you and the Golden Rose Coven sooner." Mr Garth still wasn't appeased. In fact, seeing how easily the other was accepting it, he felt even more distressed for the other party. Despite Alaric's true childish and playful nature, the other was too responsible and face-saving, making it easy for the other to be roped into various obligations and duties. 

It made Mr Garth both proud this was the person he liked but also annoyed at seeing the various burdens Alaric was constantly taking on. But he didn't want the other to stop doing what made him happy. The older vampire just didn't wish to see Alaric to become overwhelmed and overworked. Therefore in his opinion, the best thing he could do was simply to support him and do his own part to take on what weight he could take for Alaric. 

"Principal Matthews is supported by Vice-Principal Rong," Jia Hyson sighs, unaware of Mr Garth's thoughts. "We really can't do much there. Besides, I don't believe the principal had given the information so last minute on purpose or maliciously." 

The older vampire took a deep breath and tried to calm himself. "That's true," he admits reluctantly, "Principal Matthews is a bit weak-hearted, but he knows what to do in critical moments. If he wasn't, then he wouldn't have gotten that job in the first place, and that bastard of a vice-principal wouldn't be so infatuated."

Not to mention, he really couldn't do much if he went against the other. 

The vice-principal was not only one of the Rong family members but also extremely capable and powerful. Having the ability Dancing Swordsman, which can produce various swords from his body with different abilities depending on the type of dance he dances, the vice-principal was very tricky to fight. At the very least, Mr Garth could only struggle against him, and two out of ten times could he managed to grasp a victory when they fought. 

Before, Mr Garth was complacent about his identity and status, happy at his current standing in life. It was only after he became infatuated himself did he understand the vice-principal's thoughts and envied his ability. 

Before, he felt it was too stupid for the other to leave his good job prospects and position to become a vice-principal for rich, arrogant brats and impulsive, annoying vampire brats. But now Mr Garth realised that there was nothing quite as comforting as to be able to be near the person you like, and there was nothing more relaxing than knowing you had the ability to do what you wanted and protect them. 

"Have you spoken with the elders and the king, by the way?" Jia Hyson asks as he finally stops spinning his free hand. The icy white mist had been turned so many times it had become less like mist and more solidified as it lingered around his finger like white cotton candy. Rubbing his fingers together, he flicks the icy magic to the floor. Activating it immediately caused the room's temperature to drop as many ice crystals began forming on the floor. 

Before it could grow too much, he made a fist-clenching motion, turning the ice into icy powder. 

"I have. It was why I took so long to respond before," Mr Garth assures, "Fortunately, they were all in a meeting anyway, so it wasn't too hard to confront them and get their opinions quickly."

Jia Hyson laughs as his hand makes a few gestures, manipulating the small hill of icy snow to move toward the other side of the room where the fridge is located. Yes, every study room had a small fridge with various fresh pressed juices, milk, cold teas and other healthy snacks such as fruit and hummus. The private rooms were, of course, even better furnished. And if any fridge was low on items, all they had to do was press a button for the staff to help refill things. 

"Why can I imagine you kicking the door in and yelling at them, ah?"

Mr Garth coughs and rubs his nose awkwardly, "Am I that predictable?"

Now it was Jia Hyson's turn to cough a little awkwardly, "Well," He hums, "I don't dislike it."

They fall into a momentary silence as they glance at each other shyly. However, they still had important matters to discuss, and the ambiguous atmosphere was forcibly brushed off. 

"Anyway, the King and the clan elders have decided it's best to accommodate the Eclipse Coven's whims for now. We have reason to suspect that some missing vampires are indirectly or directly related to Prince Rigel as they have all suspiciously disappeared either right before or after he goes back to his deep sleep." 

Thinking about this, Mr Garth's anxiety spikes again. He summons a floating cigarette and lighter to calm his nerves, lighting up the cancer stick and sucking in a deep breath of the nicotine before he can continue. "There has been no mention of them being guides for Prince Rigel. Nor any evidence pointing to him at all, for that matter. Still, the timing is too fucking suspicious, and the Eclipse Coven has vampires that specialise in mind manipulation and evidence erasure.. So we've reached a stalemate there."

Jia Hyson nods, already suspecting that given Rigel's previous hinting words, not to mention the Eclipse Coven's sordid history and current reputation as villainous mercenaries. "They want me to keep an eye out on him." He summarises, "Well. I suppose I'm the best person for this, given they can't afford to eliminate me the same way they've done for others." 

If Principal Matthews thought this way, then Jia Hyson could only respect his utilitarianism. However, the principal had always been a bit simple in Jia Hyson's mind and probably did not think so far other than Alaric was responsible and strong. It was a bit annoying, but Jia Hyson couldn't hate it. 

At most, Jia Hyson will teach Vice Principal Rong some bad things after he manages to win over the principal. Heh, the vice-principal was so powerful; as long as he is equipped with the relevant knowledge, it is expected the principal would be eaten so thoroughly that he would need to spend half a month recovering after the first spring night. (, w ,,)

"Not only that," Mr Garth sucks a very deep breath of nicotine before breathing it out, manipulating the smoke so it stays out of the way from the camera and his view of the younger vampire. "Those old men actually have the idea of trying to see if you could establish a good friendship with the prince. Maybe even find out his true ability, and attempt to sway his ideals to fit 'the current morals of society." 

The last few words were spat out mockingly, and Mr Garth clicked his tongue angrily. "It's simply unreasonable. If it was so simple, we wouldn't have such a long feud with the Eclipse vampires for so long."

Jia Hyson also can't help but sigh emotionally, "I respect them greatly, but their expectations of me are really too much sometimes." 

The changes in the notoriously lazy Prince Silas had been deeply impressed into the elders' minds. The Golden Rose King, who had been struggling with wrangling this annoyingly unmotivated child for many years, was especially appreciative of him. 

In the plot, it was not really explained, so the world's consciousness had directly filled the plot hole of the lacking presence of the Golden Rose King with the excuse that the King did not make many appearances because he was, in fact, very weak. This is why a lot of the power is being slowly relegated to the three princes, with favour toward the eldest, resulting in the growing ambition of the villain of the first book, Prince Kieran. 

Therefore even Jia Hyson had yet to personally see the Golden Rose King since he had transmigrated here. 

When the King expressed his appreciation to him, Jia Hyson only knew because many elders from the Rong family had rushed over to praise and rub his head with great happiness and pride. The most tangible proof was that the King had given him a letter that summarised his appreciation and joy, as well as a few valuable rewards. 

To be perfectly honest, if Jia Hyson didn't know the plot, and if Mr Garth didn't already confirm the other's existence, he really would suspect that there was no Golden Rose King at all and it was all some sort of giant conspiracy scheme. For example, maybe the greater evil had replaced the King and wanted to sow discord within the royal family to benefit another coven, or perhaps all the elders had usurped the throne in secret, and the monarchy was actually a democracy all along! 

"Exactly," Mr Garth agrees, "You're only in your thirties, still young; you shouldn't be doing these difficult tasks, not when..."

"Not when you could do them for me?" Jia Hyson can't help but tease a little. 

Mr Garth coughs. The smoke that escaped from his mouth covers the screen for a moment, hiding his slightly flushed face. 

"Well, it's not that I don't want to take away your achievements or anything. I know you're smart and capable. But," he coughs again, and Jia Hyson annoyedly stares at the increasingly smokey screen. Knowing the other was too shy to show his cute embarrassed appearance.. really made him want to see it even more! "I just want you to enjoy your school life. I don't want you to deal with these sorts of dangerous things yet, not when others could do them instead."

Then, in a quieter and rough voice, Mr Garth mutters, "..In short, I'm worried about you. I know this is best suited for you, I know you should be okay, and it's beneficial for the coven. But I just want you to know your safety comes first... so please remember that, brat."

The smoke slowly dissipated, and the handsome older vampire with faintly red-rimmed eyes was grinning cockily as he hits his chest confidently. "Don't worry, as long as you're safe, even if you manage to start a war with those fucking assholes, I'll be here to stand up for you. So don't think too much about the tasks, okay?"

"Darrian.." How can Jia Hyson not be moved by the straightforward and sincere concern of the other? It was a pity the situation had become very complicated. 

With [Psychotic Break] working actively, even at a low level, Jia Hyson could now easily suffocate his emotional side and become even more pragmatic. He understands that there is a good chance he will end up being entangled with either Prince Silas or Prince Rigel now, and may not be able to fulfil the older vampire's expectations. 

To be honest, he even thought there was a chance he might not even be able to fulfil finishing this high school life. 

After all, this was not a sappy vanilla vampire story, but a dramatic teen love story that romanticised a lot of very chuuni and edgy habits that many adults have realised were incredibly creepy and disgusting in real life. Stalking, forcing someone down, watching people sleep, getting friends to act as spies for you, forcibly kissing, and so on. 

While Jia Hyson personally quite likes these twisted tastes to some extent, he also recognises the problems of the people who follow this setup. Blackening, blackmail, possessiveness, and general scum behaviour would not be surprising to see develop over time in many people here. 

The World's Consciousness was really diligent and had made the environment very easy to nurture this sort of personality. The arrogance of the rich, the short-sighted and cruel nature that many teenagers have, and the immaturity of youth can be infinitely amplified here, especially for the vampires with their natural superiority. 

While he had some confidence and various ideas and backup plans to make his mission work, as long as one of the princes goes too far, it can be considered almost game over. 

At that point, it's better to cut his losses and, well... As long as the death is decent, there is no problem.

Of course, that's merely the last resort. Jia Hyson wasn't crazy enough to seriously consider such a path, especially so early in the game. 

With such thoughts, his heart becomes more biased toward Mr Garth. Even if his thinking was cold, he was still warm and [Psychotic Break] does not mean he was incapable of affection and gratefulness. With a soft smile, Jia Hyson nods indulgently. "En, don't worry, I'll do my best to be safe. With you there, why should I worry?"

Mr Garth's mouth pressed together but it couldn't stop the grin pushing up the corners of his mouth. Despite the situation, his chest can't help but feel ticklish and light as he is praised and depended on by the person he likes.

Still, after a second of floating, he quickly brought himself back to reality with the weight of his concern and anxiety. Mr Garth had lived longer than Jia Hyson and thus was more familiar with Prince Rigel. 

While the other sleeps for long periods, he is considered a formidable vampire when he's awake. His abilities are described as numerous and unfathomable, and before Silas was born, Prince Rigel was considered the contender to win the title of most powerful vampire. Not only that, the other is well known to become more and more excitable and erratic during the time he wasn't in deep sleep. 

Mr Garth fears the last part the most. There was no way anyone could be comfortable with such an unstable ticking time bomb near walking around. This is especially true when said ticking time bomb was sharing a living space with someone he knew and thought well of. 

Still, there was not much he could do for now except helping Alaric try to minimise and cut off any potential problems from this turn of events, and volunteer for a few more jobs nearby the Academy. Thinking for a moment, the older vampire quickly brings up the most important and worrisome thing that he knew Alaric has been hiding. "What about your crossdressing? Do you need me to swing by and collect your things?"

Jia Hyson shows a troubled expression, but in reality he was very calm. "This... I just won't do it until the holidays or something. It should be okay?"

Now it was Mr Garth who showed a troubled expression, "To be perfectly honest, it really won't be okay. Don't think he's an idiot just because he comes off spoiled and trigger-happy. At the very least, he may not be the smartest but he's stubborn and dogged." The older vampire furrows his brows in thought, it had been a long time since he had thought of this royal brat, and while the impression is strong, the details had been understandably blurred a lot. 

Not to mention he's been working as a teacher for the past few years, meaning he's met far too many people and the memories of the past are much more diluted thanks to the influx of new faces he was essentially forced to remember every year. "The training of Eclipse Coven vampires doesn't show too strongly in him but it's present after all. Don't quote me on this but I believe Prince Rigel was actually responsible for uncovering the incident of the Golden Rabbit, Blue Diamond." 

Jia Hyson raises his brow, he had heard of this case. It was not big but it was dramatic and scandalous enough that it was talked about for decades. Essentially there was a unique noble vampire family known as the Fosse family that chose to live in an underground cave and generally gravitated to earthy related professions. For example mining, archeology and so on. 

While it was not very standard to most vampire ideals, the profession, while considered a bit menial, was honest enough and there was a lot of access to gems and antiques so they were not despised and could even say that they were quite popular.

Unfortunately their personal relationships were really as dirty as their professions ah. However nobody realised since everything was buried fairly deeply and it had only came to light during the Golden Rabbit, Blue Diamond incident. 

Jia Hyson could only say... it really proved that fact can really be more unbelievable than fiction.

There was too much to divulge in, but the main point was- the incident started with the death of the head of the family, Louise Fosse during a large banquet they hosted. The banquet was full of very important people and the topic of celebration was never told to the public. When the head of the family did not show up for dinner, the vampires quickly found out Louise Fosse had been roasted and sent to the dinner table as slices of meat, a very brutal and cruel death indeed. It was even suspected she was cooked alive and conscious. 

Because they lived underground, the Fosse family quickly sealed the area and everyone agreed nobody must leave until the case was solved. Eventually many family secrets were uncovered in the process of this investigation.

The son of the head of the family, B, married his sister, sister N, divorced sister N and moved on with multiple wives, including, briefly, another sister, sister H. With wife P, they produced child X who sister N married out of a sense of revenge. 

Unfortunately child X was almost as scum as their father, though in slightly different ways and caused sister N to share a staggering debt thanks to child X's gambling addiction. Sister N divorced child X, and child X quickly hooked up with Sister H. 

Meanwhile, B was still struggling to divorce wife P who was having an illicit affair with servant K in order to marry mistress F who had sold her previous children to sister H for eating in order to provide for her own seal-obsessed husband. Coincidentally mistress F was actually sisters with wife P.

In the end it was determined that even though child X had married sister H, child X still had a strong relationship with sister N. Sister H had brought home a golden rabbit artefact from her archeological digging trip, but she had failed to look too deeply into it and treated it as a shiny object to admire. Child X and sister N were far more thoughtful toward it and had found the blue diamond on its forehead, after a few twists and turns, could be taken out, revealing a thin metal neck behind the gem that becomes a rounded upside-down teardrop shape. 

Upon closer inspection, they found you could pour poison into the neck part, and there was a mechanism in the diamond that could shoot the poison out, with the teardrop-shaped bulb able to solidify the liquid substance into something like a needle. Child X used this to shoot a slow acting paralysis drug at the head of the family from a distance while sister N distracted her, granting them both alibis. After which, one of them 'helped' Louise to the kitchen and then roasted her alive, pinning the blame on sister H who was known to accidentally push her mother into fire pits strangely often. 

And also the baby eating thing. Which was just very suspicious in general and automatically made her the obvious prime murder suspect. 

That wasn't that important though. The main thing was this case was so messy and full of loops and sudden turns, not to mention there were many guests with connections with the Fosse family, both good and bad to also entangle. If Prince Rigel was really one of the people behind solving this convoluted mystery, then Jia Hyson felt there wasn't much point in trying to hide his secret in the first place.

Yes, that's right. His choice was not to stress over keeping his crossdressing secret from Prince Rigel. Instead his focus was on how to make the Eclipse Prince keep the secret with him. 

Right now Prince Rigel was ignorant due to changing times and his own inexperience with a lot of new things. The other had been asleep for nearly two decades which meant there was a lot of culture shock, plus with the Eclipse Coven's teachings there was probably not much in the way of human-based knowledge for him. But once he acclimatises, figuring out will only be a matter of time. 

Honestly, even if Prince Rigel was a person with normal or below-average intelligence, it was still an unfeasible thing to hide from him given they'll be living under the same roof unless Jia Hyson chooses to throw out everything. But that would produce a whole new set of problems in that case. 

So instead, his aim was to manipulate and seduce. Cut his losses, and put more energy in damage control than prevention. 

With the previous interactions at hand, Jia Hyson has a fairly decent grasp on what sort of character Prince Rigel likes. Someone with some politeness and obedience but at the same time a little rebellious, playful and had a streak of maliciousness. A person filled with contradictions that needed to be uncovered. 

Finding someone with hidden sides is always attractive, and some people simply find that the more extreme the hidden side, the more fascinating and lovely. The sense of accomplishment in uncovering it was also satisfying in many ways. Jia Hyson has personally experienced it, being the one who enthrals others with his own self and being also the one who grows intrigued and curious toward another who seemed more than they reveal. 

Most importantly the person must be interesting and had a hidden temperament that was a temperament he liked. As long as the hidden side fits the tastes, does not go past any lines and the current impression of the person in question is good, most people who discover it will subconsciously garner good feelings toward the other person. It may even develop into a feeling of romantic love. At the very least there is usually a feeling of protectiveness over this discovery or a sense of sharing a secret between people

While he still would not confidently say he had completely understood Rigel, the other had admittedly a lot of similarities with himself, especially his younger self, which helps a bit in supplementing the understanding. 

And more than his understanding of Rigel, Jia Hyson understands the concept of keeping a fish on the hook once caught. The method into forcing them to hold on even though it tore their own flesh from the inside out, producing a messy and fascinatingly cruel sight as they clung on yearningly. This sort of game of tempting others and enticing them down to obsession and a little madness, Jia Hyson has not exerted for a long time. But still he recalls his experiences, maybe not so much in detail anymore, but the memories were still present. 

The thrill, the twisted pleasure and sense of powerful control of holding a metaphorical heart in his hands.. It was almost as terrifyingly addictive as the moment you steal a life from another with your own hands. That strange and hollow pleasure, that potent fascination as you cause an indescribable loss to the world, a small but permanent stain that can be covered, but never removed. 

"Alaric?" Mr Garth's concerned gruff voice snaps him out of his wandering thoughts, "Alaric? Don't worry, even if that's the case and he finds out, I'll do my best to protect you, okay?" 

Jia Hyson, who was thinking of seducing Prince Rigel felt an arrow hit his conscience as Mr Garth looks at him through the screen with worry. Unfortunately, his feelings, while still present, were no longer so vividly strong nor as easy to overwhelm his logical and pragmatic decisions. 

Jia Hyson really liked Mr Garth, he really did. But Mr Garth couldn't stop Prince Rigel, neither in status and possibly not in power either. There were difficulties politically and simply put, while he was strong, and held good status, but in the end, Mr Garth was still just a vampire. One who likes to relax with games, smokes enough to disgust the anti-smoker association to death, snacks on pig's blood cake when it's available and hates being forced to work overtime for anything. 

He was not someone who should be pushed into this whole situation more than he should be. Maybe he could turn around and become powerful and amazing just like many male leads tend to do, it's not impossible with some coaxing and manipulation on his part to sharpen Mr Garth into a strong knight with a sharp sword and a heavy shield. But Jia Hyson didn't want to do that. He didn't want to force the other to become something he's not just to help him.

Jia Hyson preferred to do things himself anyway... well, that wasn't necessarily true, but at the very least it was not false either. Anyway, if it works out, he can try to go back to Mr Garth. And if it doesn't... it is only his own fault and choices that led him there. He didn't want the older vampire to think otherwise. 

He understands how to hook a fish and make them stay on. With the same understanding he also knows how to cut the line and let them go. 

With a soft smile that hides his inner thoughts Jia Hyson sighs softly, "Don't worry, I don't think I need protecting yet." He gently rebuffs, a hint of playful defiance in his eyes, "But you were very handsome when you said it ah-"

Unfortunately it seems Mr Garth didn't intend to play along and move the topic, "Alaric," He gazes deeply into Jia Hyson's eyes, "I'm serious. I want to support and help you. Let me be there for you."

Jia Hyson swallows and the lump suddenly in his throat almost felt like it was his previous convictions being swallowed down instead. 

Those bold and blunt words, there was no way he could pretend that he didn't recognise Mr Garth's feelings had now stepped over from like to something far more serious. With a pounding heart, Jia Hyson found himself a little flustered again. There was no way, he was being soft and indecisive, wanting to go through with his plan but also wanting to reciprocate this vampire's feelings the best he could, as much as he could. It was really too unfortunate and Jia Hyson couldn't help but resent Prince Rigel whose presence had brought these complications. 

'This feeling of affection is really too difficult and troublesome.' Jia Hyson complains to his system as he touches his hair a little anxiously.

'Well, your situation certainly fits in line with the overdramatic and romantic tastes of the World Consciousness at least.' Bebe helplessly replies. What else could it say? It also wants to encourage its host's slow growth in understanding love and a healthy relationship, but it's undeniable that they had entangled into things too much and now they're suddenly stuck with such limited options. 

Jia Hyson tugs at his hair in frustration, he also understands Bebe couldn't think of much to help right now. They still had an enemy prince waiting for him and it was too hard to predict things right now. In the end he took in a deep breath and exhaled, forcing himself to calm down a little.

His eyes lift up to see Mr Garth on his screen quietly and patiently waiting for him. Once the other saw that Jia Hyson's attention was back on himself, he took another inhale of his cigarette and asked him quietly, "You good?"

Rough and quiet, and yet it made his heart tremble. 

"...No." Jia Hyson chokes out, inexplicably feeling a bit emotional. 

"You brat," Mr Garth mutters affectionately, "Don't try to take everything onto yourself. I know I'm not the best meat on the market, but I do pretty well if I say so myself."

Jia Hyson recalls his previous cold evaluation and found it a little difficult to speak. No matter how he feels, he knows his thoughts are true, but no matter how true they are, it still makes him feel ashamed in the face of Mr Garth's attitude. 

"Hey, do you," The older vampire hesitates, "Do you want to see me? I just think maybe it's better to talk in person and maybe I could help take away the more incriminating objects from your room. I know a guy with a spatial ability that owes me a favour anyway, so really it's the for the best if-"

Seeing the other begin to flush as they made excuses to come over, Jia Hyson couldn't help but chuckle, the sound interrupting Mr Garth's string of sentences. 

"Yeah." Jia Hyson scratches behind his ear, "Yeah, I, I want to see you too." 

After finally admitting it, his face also warms at his own genuine sentiments. It was one thing to spit out lewd and spicy words, but the soft and sweet words of love was really too uncomfortable. Even after living so long, expressing these sort of things still make Jia Hyson inexplicably shy. 

Mr Garth's eyes light up. "I'll come visit you as soon as I can." He promises earnestly. 

Jia Hyson coughs but can't hide his own eagerness, "Well, I'll be waiting."

...

Prince Silas stares at the door to Alaric's dorm room.

He had a bag of popcorn, various snacks, and a few DVDs of various popular movie classics. To any passerby, it was clear he was there for a movie night. 

However, that was just a pretence.

Twenty minutes ago, he had gotten a text from the elders of the coven about Alaric's sudden situation. After carefully questioning the specifics, the prince had quickly thought up an excuse to visit Alaric and made the necessary arrangements before walking calmly over. In this way, nobody would question or feel much curiosity toward his actions, especially the other vampires who may report anything amiss to their respective covens. While the situation will be revealed eventually, it was best to delay the inevitable until everyone involved had a better grasp on what they should do.

It was a confident, considerate and calm response to an otherwise incredibly unexpected turn of events. This was enough to show how much Prince Silas had matured over time, thanks to Alaric.

However, to be honest he was not as emotionally calm as he appeared. In truth, he was quite hurt. 

After all, he was the crown prince, powerful and strong, not to mention close with Alaric. Even if the other was not responding to himself romantically, he had thought they were at least best friends. So why was it, he had to learn about this critical turn of events, not from Alaric himself, but from the elders who learned from Mr Garth?

Prince Silas' eyes dimmed, and his hand raised to knock on the door hesitated. Was it because Alaric still thought he was so unreliable? Was his efforts still nothing in the other's eyes? Is there... is there really no hope?

His black eyes, dimmed and unfocused with hesitation, turns cold. The impatience and unwillingness in his heart shone through the darkness. 

He was no longer the vampire he used to be, who would give up or had no energy to research options that his brain couldn't provide. Silas has perused the internet and books both offline and online. Taking up whatever interests him, it was impossible to ignore brushing up on his theoretical love knowledge.

In his opinion, after supplementing his sense of romance, patience, persistence, and opportunity were the key factors in chasing someone. Don't rush the feelings, consistently show your care and sincerity. If neither has managed to create a breakthrough, then an opportunity is needed to alter the dynamics of the relationship. 

And if no opportunity comes by?

 He was the crown prince, the most powerful vampire of his generation and the arrogance that had been suppressed, as well as the dissatisfaction of being constantly denied every time he lowered his head like a licking dog, was threatening to burst out. 

Well, if there is no opportunity. Then he has to make one. 

...




After finishing his call with Mr Garth, Jia Hyson looked toward the fridge and gestured with his hands. There, the freezer door opens immediately in response, with the inside easily seen to be covered in ice. 

Twisting his hand and pulling it toward his body like he was unlocking and taking out a key from a keyhole, the ice moves with the motion obediently. Jia Hyson may be a good honour student in the academy, but that didn't mean he had neglected to practice his powers, either. In fact, with his own sense of experimentation and creativity, supplemented with Mr Garth's experience and ideas, his control over his powers had become deeply impressive even to the older generation.

If it usually wasn't allowed, unless, under special circumstances, Jia Hyson would want to challenge the more powerful older vampires to a fight to see how he would fare. Unfortunately, there was a rule in the coven that those fifty and below could not challenge vampires over fifty years old. Mainly it was to ensure the safety of the younger vampires, but it also was a way to keep a sense of respect toward the elders that was important to maintain for the more impulsive and rebellious youth. 

After all, vampires valued the strong, but a hierarchy was still needed in a society, especially one that was full of uncontrolled and dangerous factors such as vampiric powers, strength, personality issues and so on. Because of their long lifespans, it was impossible to fully police everyone, but at the very least, the younger, impetuous generation can still be watched over while they're instilled a proper sense of the three views.

As the ice moves toward him, Jia Hyson curls his fingers as if he is making a claw-like pose, and the ice seems to pull upwards gently into a small hill. The ice at the tip of the hill begins to peel back like a miniature avalanche of petals falling, and soon two boxes containing red liquid are revealed to his expectant eyes. 

Humming in satisfaction, he makes a more exaggerated upwards motion, letting the ice turn into a pillar with the containers sitting steadily at the top, easily within arm's distance. Touching the containers, he snaps his fingers and the ice moves to open the two lids quickly, albeit a little clumsily. Seeing that the liquid, while cold, had not a trace of ice in it, Jia Hyson felt more pleased. 

After all, he had been learning to not only control his own ice but recently be able to absorb surrounding ice and control it as well. Seeing the things frozen in the containers enter a liquid state meant he had managed to make another breakthrough in his experiments. 

"Tsk tsk, if homework was this interesting I wouldn't have had trouble making the extra effort to educate myself," Jia Hyson sighs emotionally before gesturing the ice to move to the microwave, slipping the containers inside it, and then condensing the ice so it's able to press the necessary buttons to heat them up. Because he still needs to control it carefully, especially with the button pressing, Jia Hyson also follows the produce of his icy power and tentatively adjusts his hands accordingly so the ice moves more accurately. '

Once it was all done, he moved the ice to the kitchen sink and let it all melt there. 

As he waits for the food to heat up, he idly plays with his phone and notices he has a few missed calls from Prince Silas. Jia Hyson furrows his brows slightly and taps his lips in thought. 

In the end, he wasn't really in the mood to have the energy to chat with the other right now. His social battery had been more or less used up and he was too lazy to do the balancing act of being a supportive follower, a good friend and while being purposely ignorant of the other prince's obvious feelings. 

"Tsk, tsk, I now realise the problem of being a Beta System host." Jia Hyson clicks his tongue as he ignores the missed calls in favour of typing on his phone to write the new chapter of his newest story as ShiningGreenTea. 

This story was a lighthearted one about sand-sculpture vampires being romanced by the female lead, who was a timid face-con. 

Currently, he had already introduced the typical brooding male lead vampire who wished to appear introspective and deep, but in reality, his poetry was bad; he couldn't understand the 'romantic and deep' literature, and his singing was poor quality at best. Now he wished to bring in the handsome, arrogantly narcissistic but actually very insecure and naive second male lead, as well as the cheerful, sunny but poison-mouthed second male lead. 

"Oh? What's the problem?" Bebe asks curiously. 

"Too much trouble if you want to play with important characters." Jia Hyson spat a little bitterly. He didn't enjoy being restrained like this much. What was worse was it was all due to the consequences of his actions, so he couldn't blame anyone else. 

"I didn't really think much of it with Drake from the first world because, well.." He coughs awkwardly, "I didn't know at the start and, therefore, already smashed the cracked pot once I found out. After all, I really liked him ah."

"Now it's different," Bebe agrees with some understanding. "Don't worry; this is the first time your entering a world with a 'series'. The butterfly effect is more prevalent here, and as a Beta Host, you need to be more thoughtful and hold more accountability for the changes. Our current foresight was too short term in the end, and the early starting point we entered into also made things unexpectedly more difficult."

Jia Hyson felt greatly comforted by this. After all, as much as he wants to push it off and make it seem better than it is, he still inevitably felt the stress of things going wrong like a noose slowly tightening around his neck. "Thanks, Bebe."

"You're not my first host." Bebe snorts, "Other hosts also will also often find difficulties and mistakes when they first enter a new format, whether it's entering very early into the plot, very late, close to a death node or meeting glitches like an unknown reborn person, they will stumble and make rash decisions."

"It's nearly impossible for everyone to be like those cool plots where the host will effortlessly pass all obstacles and get the highest scores each time. The best thing is to accept this loss, determine the main points of what you did wrong and take this opportunity to try some new things to salvage the situation. At worst, it doesn't work, and you have more knowledge to help in the future."

"Damn..." Jia Hyson clutched his chest and said emotionally, "You really sounded like a knowledgeable and wise system just now. Tell me seriously, did you ask someone else to use your voice box?" He jokes.

"Yes, it was your mother who helped Bebe with it when she was in bed with Bebe." Bebe immediately retorts, scolding its host in its head. He was such a sweet talker to others, but with his cute system, he was worse than your typical steel straight man.

Jia Hyson: "Damn..." My love for you is gone again. 

The moment of host-system bonding was broken. Bebe felt like its thoughtful words were eaten by dogs, and Jia Hyson's fists felt a little itchy. Still, both host and system were no longer so tense as they took out the microwaved containers and started walking back to the dorms. 

Instead, they started seriously discussing the different options that they could take. 

'To be honest, Bebe can only see the dogblooded route as a viable option.' Bebe sighs, 'Prince Silas has strong feelings that will be on the verge of blackening soon at this rate, it's not too bad to stimulate him a bit with Rigel and then his possessiveness will break out and, uh, Bebe doesn't really know where to go from there.'

Jia Hyson: '...' Yo, what stories have you been reading, Bebe?

Jia Hyson shook his head in disagreement, 'Tsk, that option is fine if we were a raider system, but Silas is a key component of the plot. The only benefit to entangling with him is just getting a bit more security. But he's still lazy at heart. If he focuses too much on me, how can he play his part as the main character's golden thigh?' The main characters were both romantic love brains, for the plot to continue and for them not to die mid-way, it really was important that the golden thigh crown prince was still online after all. 

'Then what about you write more stories about gender issues?' Bebe suggests, 'Other than Defining My Brother, the other similar stories have been on hiatus.' And the not similar stories. Basically, almost all the stories. 

'I'm lazy.' Jia Hyson waves off. Even his blog, which he has the most enthusiasm for and has become quite popular, has taken a slight backseat these days due to procrastination and a lack of motivation. 'I have a few ideas anyway; I just wasn't very enthusiastic about them. But now we're at this point I don't mind trying them out, and I do still have my last resort plans so I suppose we don't have to worry too hard.' 

'What sort of last resort plans?'

'Either I run away, or I die.' Jia Hyson shrugs, 'You can't demonise a character if they aren't there anymore after all.' 

He smiles wryly before sighing and combing his hair back with his fingers with a little annoyance. "The only problem is I'm still quite attached to living this life, and also, I needed to find a decent reason for me leaving the plot that won't cause people to want to investigate me and find out the things I don't want them to, meaning it needs to be a public, justifiable and open reason for my disappearance or death.' 

He looks at his fingers absentmindedly, twitching them as he counts, 'The best way is death by self-sacrifice, preferably for Prince Damien or Jessica Fang. Dying for a supporting character is good too. The main point is that the enemy has to be powerful enough, and my death is visible enough.' 

'As for running away, I can either break down from the pressure, which requires some groundwork to lay out or, using your idea Bebe, we get Prince Silas to blacken, and I use this as an excuse to run away. Prince Silas would either chase me or give up, but either way, I don't believe he would screw me over at the critical last minute and reveal anything.'

Bebe was a little speechless. To be honest, since [Psychotic Break] had activated there wasn't much of a noticeable change other than Jia Hyson becoming a little calmer. But the callous way he broke down these rather cruel options with little emotional inflection reminded Bebe the skill was indeed active. 

But Bebe did admit those were indeed the best ways to leave off. It was just usually, most hosts avoid this sort of method if they can help it. Few enjoy re-experiencing death for fun in the end, so their thought processes usually don't stray toward those ideas. Jia Hyson was also not an exception, and usually, he would subconsciously ignore or at least push away such thoughts after playing with them for a little while. 

'What about Darrian Garth?' It couldn't help but ask curiously. He was probably the only person its host was really reluctant to part from. Bebe was a little interested to see if Jia Hyson could really be such scum and cut the other vampire off when he clearly had grown this strong attachment toward him that Bebe felt was a little, unlike his previous relationships. 

At the mention of Mr Garth's name, Jia Hyson's relaxed and ruthless attitude stiffens for a second, eyes flickering with unease. '..There's really no helping it. If push comes to shove, I will do what is best to complete our task well enough but since these are last resorts, as long as we stick to the character we can still play around a bit longer.'

'But if we stay longer, you'll most likely not be able to reunite romantically.' Bebe points out with some sympathy. Despite his frivolous attitude, Bebe couldn't deny he still remembers to try to uphold his responsibilities as a Beta system host, and it appreciates it. But Bebe was also a system with emotions and its own sense of responsibility. Both for the task and its host. It can't help but feel a bit sad when it's host is disappointed or gave up things for the sake of the job. 

Jia Hyson's mouth purses, 'Is that important? Maybe I'll lose interest in reigniting anything, you know me, this sort of affection is just a luxury that I like but won't die without.' He furrows his brows uncomfortably, 'Mr Garth is a good man. There's no need to entangle with him too much with someone like myself. Unlike me, he only has one life in the end.'

...The words sounded really high and mighty if it wasn't from the mouth of a scum who had played with many good men and women before tossing them aside or goading them into crimes and other such bad ends. But then again, the fact such a scum could say these words, while hypocritical, indeed showed he had some heart for the chain-smoking vampire.

'..Bebe understands.' Bebe quietly mutters before it thinks of something. With a little hesitation, it asks, 'But.. what if there was something that could-' 

"Alaric!" A patrolling teacher smiles and walks toward him. Jia Hyson immediately puts on his own polite and gentle facade and smiles back.

"Mr Winters, hello."

"Hello to you too," The teacher happily greets before his eyes glance at the items in his student's hand. "May I ask, what do you have there?"

"Ah, this? It's just some food." Jia Hyson waves off with a soft laugh. "I don't know if Principal Matthews informed everyone yet, but we have a new transfer student that will be living with me for the time being. I didn't think they would want to go down to eat the cafeteria food yet so I got takeaway."

Mr Winters blinks in surprise, "New student? I don't recall being told that." Mr Winters was one of the main teachers for Alaric's year so usually he should've been informed by now of a new student given all the changes needed. 

Jia Hyson carefully thinks of Prince Rigel's angelic little baby face, his height of being half a head shorter than himself who was already considered fairly petite among the Academy Emperors, and appearance of a beautiful youth filled with sweetness and a little baby fat. It was really hard to imagine him as a high schooler, much less a third year sophomore. Awkwardly, he coughs to try to hide his amusement. "Well, he's probably a first year." 

"I see," Mr Winters nods understandingly, as it made sense if the other wasn't in his supervised grade, but then quickly frowns in concern. "Alaric, it's good to help where you can, and I know it's not my place to say but you should be willing to reject our requests if it gets too much for you. You're here for your education and should make that your priority, don't get too distracted by overexerting yourself on others."

Who didn't know Alaric was such a good child, he had good grades, was kindhearted, adhered well to the rules, and was willing to help student and teacher alike when he could. In Mr Winters's opinion, he was both gratified but distressed at such a responsible child. 

Other than the poorer scholarship students, the majority of the student body was from good families. Which kid wasn't brought up soaked in a honeypot and spoiled their family in this academy? After all, it was so prestigious even famous families may only be able to get one of their children in, so it's not an unfair assumption to assume the kids sent here were well-loved or held great expectations from the family, and wouldn't be wronged at home. 

But Alaric was very different in Mr Winters's mind. After all, there were good students out there, but there were few who would willingly go out of their way to help handle the troublesome and stranger students on campus. It's okay to ask top students to help with troubled students' homework and grades, but Mr Winters had really never heard of any school that could just assign top students to troubled students to take care of like a babysitter before. 

There were many teachers like himself who had expressed concerns, but it was either dismissed by other staff and the higher ups or it was gently rebuffed by Alaric himself. While it was still considered somewhat acceptable to let this happen during Alaric's first and second year, Mr Winters was really reluctant to let this trend continue. Especially now that it's clearly escalated to making the other share a room with a new problem student!

If they had students to do this, then what was the teacher and school therapist for? 

Seeing Mr Winters concern, Jia Hyson's polite smile grew a touch warmer. The staff here were a mix of human and vampire teachers, with only about one in five teachers in the know about the existence of vampires. 

Mr Winters, due to his diligence and sincerity toward teaching, was one of the rare humans without knowledge of the true face of the school that had reached a fairly high up role in the academy. It was really a testament to his abilities and love of education, as well as a testament to how well the vampire side of the school is able to conceal themselves. 

Jia Hyson had always had a little bit more respect for professions such as those in education, medicine and research, and in this world because of his... because of Mr Garth, his heart was much softer toward teachers and in turn his attitude was much more patient. 

"Thank you very much, but there's really no problem." He answers lightly, "I also am aware I have this problem, but I also know that as a third year my workload will increase significantly in the near future and will try my best to reject any more requests like this in the future." Jia Hyson coughs, "To be honest, initially I was also going to reject taking care of this transfer student, but his family situation is a bit complicated and related to my own. It would be bad for my family if I didn't help ah."

When Mr Winters heard this his expression was like he was looking at an orphaned panda. In his mind, he strongly disliked these big families who would force their children to grow up and entangle with family politics at such a young age. 

Hearing Alaric be so sensible and sacrificing made him sad, but it was clear the child was as stubborn as he was sensible. "I see, I see," Mr Winters wipes his suspiciously red eyes, "Well, it can't be helped."

However even if he couldn't stop Alaric from taking care of this transfer student, he could make sure he had less unnecessary extra workload to carry! Yes, the other student council members were really not pulling enough weight compared to Alaric. Mr Winters inwardly swore to himself he would help relieve some of this child's burden by letting others understand more clearly this weight of responsibility.

Other student council members: Suddenly feeling that our free time is being threatened, so scared (|||)

Though Jia Hyson didn't know there were many students who would now experience a loss of spare time because of himself, he could tell the teacher had seemed to make up some tragic story in his head and couldn't help but smile wryly. To be honest he was a little tired, but it was not difficult. 

Jia Hyson's originally been the type who is frivolous and lazy but also likes to take care of things and be praised for being helpful, so there was not too much struggle in acting this part. Not to mention, as a vampire his energy levels were of course higher and his sleep requirements were lower so it really wasn't as bad as Mr Winters was imagining. Still, with how troublesome Prince Rigel is expected to be, Jia Hyson also agreed he had to seriously consider cutting down the tasks he accepts in the future.

After checking the containers in hand, he noticed they were already cooling so he quickly bade Mr Winters a goodnight and carried on back to his dorm. 

'Hey, Bebe, were you saying something before?'

Bebe hums, 'Mm.. Yes, but it's not very important, don't worry about it for now.'

As he enters his dormitory, Jia Hyson was expecting the worst. Like Rigel thrashing the place, eating his snacks and snooping around to find his secrets.

What he didn't expect was to see Prince Rigel numbly watching a horror movie with Prince Silas in the living room. 

"Alaric, you're back." Prince Silas lazily greets the other with a smile. "Where were you?"

"I.. I went to get food." Jia Hyson raises his bag of the two hot packaged meals in his hand to emphasise his point, "Uh, what are you-?"

"Well, I heard some news about your new roommate and wanted to come over to see him for myself." Prince Silas combed his long silvery hair with his fingers. Because it was after school hours, he had been too lazy to tie up his hair, so it was strewn down his shoulders in a manner that looked both naturally messy yet perfectly in place at the same time. "I also brought some new movies to watch as well, and figured it was a good way to get to know each other. Don't you think so?" He directs the last question to the blonde vampire calmly. 

Prince Rigel, in contrast to the prince's nonchalant demeanour, looked like a nervous and frightened hamster, curled up on the furthest side of the couch. Hearing him being called to attention he reluctantly nods and smiles, "Yes, yes, these modern movies are very interesting, I especially like the quality and color."

"Which death did you like?" Prince Silas asks.

"Huh?" Prince Rigel stammers with his silver eye wide open, like a child who was told he was getting a pop quiz at the end of a class that he hadn't been paying attention to at all. 

Gesturing to the television where the movie was playing, Prince Silas smiles widely but it failed to reach his black eyes, "Which do you like more? Beheading? Vivisection? Burned alive? Stabbed? Hanged? Stabbed then hanged? Hanged then stabbed? Come on, which one do you like most?"

Prince Rigel: '...' Why does it sound like whichever I choose is what I'll end up getting?

Jia Hyson: '...' What sort of fucked up movie are you guys even watching? He wasn't gone that long how are there so many colorful deaths in this movie already?

"Well?" Prince Silas' tone was still lazy but there was a hint of impatience in it.

Prince Rigel felt humiliated in his heart but the other vampire's abilities were something he couldn't afford to be a victim of. With a cute appearance he flatters, "Hmmm, I suppose stabbing is okay?"

The other prince hums lowly, it was hard to tell whether he liked or disliked the answer, making Prince Rigel grind his teeth secretly. 

"Hey... Uh.." Jia Hyson coughs, not really sure how to respond as Alaric to this situation. Even if he has an ambiguous friendship with Silas and a recent enmity with Rigel, Alaric still has a strong respect for nobility. Therefore he definitely can't openly laugh at the discomfort on Prince Rigel's face like a mean girl who just tripped over the new girl in an American high school movie... 

But oh, how he wants to. 

"I'll go set up the food. Silas, you're staying, right?"

"As long as my new friend wants me to." He smiles at the eye-patched vampire.

Prince Rigel: 'I want to go back to my coffin, I'm being bullied.' QwQ

So, in the end, Silas stayed for dinner. Fortunately, the other brought snacks, so the food was sufficient enough for everyone. The meal was hearty and simple, rice with a meaty curry that had a generous mix of blood in it that made Jia Hyson salivate the moment he smelt the spicy and savory aroma. Unfortunately while the meal was warm and delicious, the atmosphere was cold and bland. 

'Bebe, I'm going to die if we continue to eat in silence.' Jia Hyson complains. 'It was a little funny at first but now it's really too awkward and boring. I want to take my phone out and read stories but as the host of two guests I can't. Ah, I'm so uncomfortable.'

'Huh? What?' There was the sound of something being taken off in Jia Hyson's head, 'Sorry, Bebe couldn't hear you, Bebe had headphones on because Bebe was playing games with friends. You should've seen what System 7350 did- it's not important right now though. What did you say?'

Jia Hyson: '...' I know Bebe technically did nothing wrong, but I'm still pissed off. 

Prince Rigel felt like he was really suffering. He wasn't used to the strong spices and the unfamiliar taste of the curry. He didn't like the soft squishy wheat husks texture of the rice. He disliked there was no fresh blood in a glass to wash things down. Most importantly, Prince Rigel was greatly stifled by Prince Silas' presence and felt deeply humiliated at his own quail-like behaviour. 

The blonde vampire glares at the silver-haired prince angrily. 

Fuck! Just because you have the power to take away my powers, you think you're so goddamn amazing with your stupid long silver hair, taller body and 'Oooh look at me I'm the lovechild of an elf and a mage from any teen fantasy novel ever and I don't care at all' vibes??

As if hearing his mental griping, Prince Silas turns to look at him coolly as he takes a sip of his glass of water. Prince Rigel immediately looks away, sweating. 

...Ok. Well. It's a bit amazing. 

Jia Hyson also saw this interaction and almost subconsciously, copied Prince Silas' movements, mirroring him by taking a sip of water as well. There was nothing that warmed a relationship more than a shared dislike of the same person. 

After the silent meal, the three ended up finishing the gory movie. Prince Silas, who had been very enthusiastic to play it, was now the most reluctant one since Alaric was here. In contrast, Prince Rigel, while still unhappy, was quite gleeful at letting Alaric watch such a vulgar and disgusting movie with him. 

It's not that Prince Rigel hasn't seen death. It's the bread and butter that lets his coven live well. However, they were professional killers these days and generally what people ask for is simply death. A slice to the neck, a headshot etc, etc essentially the main requests are simple, clean and quick. The more you do, the more clues you give and the more likely you are to be caught. 

That isn't to say there aren't sadists, and the interrogation room is bloody enough, Prince Rigel would know, he was very good in the interrogation room. But the movie Prince Silas picked was really too horrific.

Jia Hyson who was also curious, also quickly realised why the villain Prince Rigel was so uncomfortable while watching the movie.

His face became increasingly complicated.

This was Bai Li Wei's movie. At the very least it was some sort of adaptation around it.

High schoolers trapped in a haunted mansion they had gone into for an end-of-year party, the various reasons due to the protagonists' conflict with their bullies, the mysterious transfer student, and then... the most eye-opening scene of the massacre. Don't talk about how bloody the original world this movie was based off was; this movie also added more taboo and twisted themes as if the director needed to somehow live up to the expectations of the R18+ green light he had been given.

In all honesty, Jia Hyson can't help but criticise the plot being too messy in this movie. After all, the story was already quite large and full of many characters, both human and ghost, but the movie had added even more named characters with their own relevant backstories making it hard to keep track of and ultimately a bit worthless when they're so easily killed off. 

It was a bit like Bai Li Wei's story meets the complicated interpersonal relationships of Game of Thrones and the disturbing content of Human Centipede. Because over time, it had become annoyingly clear, at least, that the director preferred the evil doctor ghost compared to the beautiful doll ghost and had used him as the main horror of the film. As the person who played Bai Li Wei
