Everyone one else is a Returnee

Prologue 

The time was April. The university newbie left the room as soon as the lecture ended before everyone else at 2:45. He did not want anyone to recognise him as not an outsider, though no one knew him as such hence he would not have been stopped anyways; he still resolutely walked on to the hill road outside of the plaza.

There, he felt the unexpected change for the first time.

‘No one’s around…’

There was a huge number of people in lectures that ended at 2:45 Sure, not all of them were like Yoo IlHan, an outsider returning home, yet the complete absence of people in the plaza as well as in the hill road was strange.

‘Carnival is not on today. Was there a school event?

Even so, there was no need to feel strange. Yoo Ilhan exited all invited chat groups ever since he attended his university! It was not as if he left out of pressure, it was solely out of his choice!

Sensing sorrow out of vain, Yoo Ilhan walked down the hill valiantly in spite of the dearth of people. He wanted to hitch a ride on a shuttle bus, but there were no vehicles to be seen.

Was there a military exercise in the university? Perhaps a school wide hide-and-seek? All kinds of thoughts came into his head but he dismissed them readily. For twenty-odd years he had never held hands with a girl, and the lack of other presences right now was nothing in comparison.

However, those musings dissipated as soon as he exited the school entrance.

‘What?’

There was no one.

‘What the hell!’

No one was around!

‘What’s going on. What’s going on!’

In panic, Yoo Ilhan repeated the same phrase inanely as he ran around. No-one. To conjure up a crazy idea like a mass picnic was impossible. The situations were too alarming to escape reality.

No one. No human to be seen!

He looked through the windows of the convenience store he often visited. The meal on a table was emitting warm vapour, the chair was pulled slightly back as if someone was sitting on it moments before. Furthermore, spoons and chopsticks were erratically thrown aside, giving them a sense of their users abruptly disappearing out of thin air.

This oddity applied for all shops. Incidentally, how about parked cars? Moving cars that were in traffic had violently collided in such a way that they lost their drivers, with some on the verge of explosions due to leaking, ablaze gasoline.

‘Damn it’

His mind may have been in disarray, but Yoo Ilhan identified the hazard and escaped to a vehicle-less street. The reverberation of explosions like the ones in films soon tickled his ears.

Wind carrying the hot air blew, and Yoo Ilhan fled like he was drifting on the wind. Then he shed pointless tears.

His mind was puzzled back together at a bus station.

‘Let’s go home’

Maybe after he washed and ate his mother’s meals, maybe after he slept, things would be different.

Foolish ideas again sprouted the moment the crises were over. His fantasies were broken quickly this time though .The bus was simply not arriving.

‘What the fuck. What’s going on.’

Yoo Ilhan prided himself over his mental fortitude. From primary to high school, he overcame everything by his own effort. As a result, he was attending a quite reputable university, and he was confident to do well on his own for a foreseeable future.

The chinese character ‘person’ is to symbolise two men relying on each other; he never needed such weak stuff. Yoo Ilhan always believed that he was like an upright number ‘1’-someone could accomplish anything unassisted

But, this was too much to handle

‘Have I alone moved to a different world?

His situation was too out-worldly that he said something so stupid. Nothing was changing. The bus was not coming, his knees were swelling in pain due to reckless running. Growing sadder every minute, he noticed his tears falling onto the bare earth like bird-droppings.

‘Pathetic, crying over trivial matters as a university student. No, fuck it. If I don’t cry now, over what would I ever weep? Isolation during his primary school days has made me dismal before, now the entire district is avoiding me.’

Knowing crying wouldn’t change anything, Yoo Ilhan came back to his senses swiftly. It was feverishly hot and tiring. Home was his priority.

‘Let’s walk’

Despite the knowledge that no one was there to hear him speak, he shouted in hope for someone to reveal oneself. Yoo Ilhan embarked on an hour-and a half journey shrouded in an added layer of disappointment to the obvious result.

Of course, his mother wasn’t present. He tried to check the time, yet all clocks, including those in mobile phones and computers, were stopped. Dad wasn’t coming either, Yoo Ilhan concluded following a couple of hours of waiting as he stared at the everlastingly blue sky.

The TV only showed static screens, the radio the same and the internet was not working. It was like humanity itself had vanished. Except himself, who was trapped in a stagnant time.

At least, water and gas pipes worked. He showered and cooked a package of instant noodles.

Slurp…Delicious

The taste deepened his sadness and more tears flowed down. He was drowzy now that he was full. I don’t care for the mass disappearance, and whether or not the night was arriving, I must sleep. Possibly, something may become different as I sleep. He laid on his bed in these complacent thoughts. At that moment…

A beautiful woman wearing white feather wings appeared.

(Oh, so it is here!) Her first words were rude.

‘Wh..who are you?

Yoo Ilhan had to cover himself with blankets for he practised nudity as a sleeping habit. The woman stared at his folly grotesquely and then shifted her expressions.

(Hm. You can call me how you see me as.)

‘A home invader?’

(I am God’s messanger, an angel.)

She stared at Yoo Ilhan and spoke each word stressfully to disclose her identity.

Since she emerged without any signs, Yoo Ilhan had already figured out her paranormal nature, so he accepted the disclosure with little surprise. Too many strange things had happened already to be astonished again.

But he was being unreasonably indifferent to reality. Her next words proved so.

(Since I am running out of time,, I will be straightforward. You have been left behind.)

‘….Left behind…?’

Yoo Ilhan’s complexion showed confusion. Being left behind had always been intricately linked to his life. He was left behind by everyone in the primary school excursion, the middle school camping trip, the high school field trip and even in the university MT…

(God has recognised the arrival of ‘disaster’ on Earth, which has led to all humans being sent to numerous different worlds in case of this happening. Somehow, only you have been excluded. 

No way, being left behind on a scale of entire humanity! Consciousness dwindled. Holding onto his fading mind, Yoo Ilhan questioned the angel.

‘What is the disaster’

(Earth’s experience gauge has been filled, so it is levelling up to the next stage.

He was full of desire to tackle her like when he was forced to replace Dad in a Sunday league team, but he managed to subside it. Then he asked.

‘What happens when it levels up?’

(Energy of a higher level than that of Earth’s is revealed. It is called mana. Also, the archival records initiate contact with Earth, hence humans are permitted read a part of the records. This is termed status.)

‘Good concise explanation’

(I’m good, aren’t I?)

The angel and her huge breasts gloated at his praises. Yoo Ilhan promptly continued his questions.

‘Why is there a need to send humanity to different worlds? In fantasy novels, it happens all of sudden for no apparant reason…’

(Mana being divulged to Earth signifies the obligation to face mana-evolved animals, so-called monsters.)

He expected it as soon as ‘mana’ was mentioned.

(Because animals adapt to mana better than humans, humanity will suffer a disaster and will be driven to extinction without intervention. There are dozens of doomed worlds already, therefore God has decided to move Earth’s humanity to safe environments where they could adapt to mana.)

‘Do you mean that my humanity has been transported to mana-adjusted human worlds?’

(Of course. Humans of other worlds will train them for a supply of a certain amount of ‘status’. Though there will be humans without capacity to do so, God cannot save them all.’ )

Indeed, it was obvious. Yoo Ilhan thought he had heard enough, but he still had some doubts.

‘Can we not kill monsters with guns?Artilleries?’

(Nuclear weapons cannot slay them)

‘So there really is necessity to strengthen humanity.’

(Naturally. God is great and merciful)

The angel again gloated about in an arrogant expression and with her huge breasts pointing outwards. Seizing the opportunity, Yoo Ilhan made the most despairing face possible and asked.

‘What about me?’

(…) The angel had no words to say

‘What about me?

As Yoo Ilhan pursued her answer, she turned her head a little and answered in a slightly lower voice.

(There was a mistake)

‘Correct it please.’

(As all tickets have been booked out, you cannot go to other worlds.)

‘Not even standing rooms?’

(No)

‘What kind of shitty God is this?’

Finally, Yoo Ilhan exploded. The angel, pitying the man, muttered as if to pacify him.

(There is a rejector bonus!)

‘I don’t need it! Send me too!’

(The instant the humanity was forced out, Earth’s time has stopped. Until they return, you are not affected by the effects of time. In other words, you don’t age. Though this includes all Earth’s humans too…’

‘Send me too!’

(Moreover, God, who has sympathised with your lone rejection, has gifted you with status bonuses when the disaster occurs. Amazing ain’t it?)

Details about status bonuses appeased Yoo Ilhan’s tandrum somewhat. Yoo Ilhan lifted his head, faced the angel and enquired.

‘How about mana? I need to learn how to use it as well.’

‘Till the upheaval occurs, it is not possible.’

‘Ah, send me too! Send me too!’

(Nope)

His racquets resumed, then Yoo Ilhan firmly shook his head side to side. It was not going to happen. For God’s sake, he was GOD!

(God has adjusted humanity’s adaption period to be 10 years. Be cheerful and wait until then. I will supply meals.)

‘…I grow famished although time does not pass?’

(Your cells function, but they do not age.)

‘That is a bit contradictory from time coming to a halt.’

(Since you cannot train adapting to mana, should you not train your phisicality in the very least? Think optimistically: other humans adapt to mana at the expense of their physical enhancements resetting as soon as they return )

Yoo Ilhan sighed and leered into her eyes. Was that really an encouragement? These useless assholes were responsible for his mess in the first place, now they were pretending to be charitable through some grand, superficial language. If this ‘status bonus’ was not noteworthy, I am going to lose my temper, Yoo Ilhan thought.

‘Hooo…’

Ten years. At last he could face reality. Ten years? I can live with that, surely. While his innate optimism persuaded himself, Yoo Ilhan spat out his last question.

‘Why was I excluded. Why me?’

(Your name was not discoverable by God, who was recording the list of humanity to be sent. He was astounded by your concealment.)

‘…..’

And so, Yoo Ilhan’s Earth life alone had begun.


Chapter 1 


After sleeping as much as he needed, when he woke up and came to the kitchen, the meal (breakfast by feeling) prepared by the angel was producing steam on the table.

The angel herself wasn’t there, but he wasn’t surprised since she said that meeting her at all was a strange thing in itself and there won’t be many times to meet her in the future.

“It’s delicious.”

Now that he became alone, he was touched at something very trivial. Moreover, it wasn’t empty words when he said it was delicous. He felt sorry but it was definitely more delicious than his mother’s food. The meal was nutritiously balanced and at the same time tasty, so it was a perfect meal.

“And if she earns a lot of money, then she’ll be number one wife material.”

Who married angels? Other angels, as expected, right? – While thinking trivial things like that, when he was about to wash the dishes, the dishes disappeared silently. It seemed that washing dishes was a service.

Yu IlHan washed up and clothed himself while feeling as if he was seduced by the angel, and when he was about to wear his socks to go to college, he remembered that there was nothing he could do there and stopped.

“Well, then.”

What to do now.

The answer revealed itself soon. Didn’t the angel say to train his body? Although the cells don’t age, they are still active, so if he trained then the result will be reflected on his body.

He honestly didn’t like moving his body. He had no athletic ability, and he had no good memoreis in regards to things related to sports.

In his middle school athletic meet relay, the baton slipped from his hands and the baton ended up touching the PE teacher’s wig rather than the next player. – There was one such good…. good memory!

However, to use that as an excuse like a little child and avoid training, the situation was too serious.

Won’t monsters appear in just 10 years? I can’t practice mana like the rest of humanity so I need to do whatever I can do to raise my strength – he thought.

‘Going to the gym, eh…’

After deciding, Yu IlHan stood up and sighed. He decided to train his body, so it was now time to research materials on how to efficiently train.

After investing half a day to look up how to train the muscles, whisked away the lunch(by feeling) on the table and left. The district gym was open as if it was obvious, and the countless machines greeted Yu IlHan.

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan, who now slightly, just slightly, had motivation sighed and approached the bike which would burn his body fat.

It was the beginning of Yu IlHan’s body modification.

Yu IlHan went to the gym without complaining at all.

For 3 years.

[Are you really a modern person? How can you do the same thing everyday for 3 years?]

It was to the point that the angel showed up and asked him.

“But I need to do it, though.”

[You do.]

“That’s why I’m doing. It’s not much different from studying for 3 years in high school.”

[……]

The angel looked at Yu IlHan as if looking at a monster.

As the angel said, he didn’t age, but Yu IlHan’s body, after consuming sufficient nutritions and doing exercises too much, was developed to the point that he looked like a health trainer that appeared on TVs. Well, it was quite obvious since he didn’t study at all and trained all day.

[You aren’t an ordinary person. Although, I knew that when you had the hiding skill which could hide you from God’s sight.]

“Don’t make it my fault!”

And he went to the gym for 2 more years. The period of time the angel promised him was 10 years so he had 5 years left now. At this point, he was sick and tired of going to the gym every day.

“I have to learn some martial arts and some weaponry right?”

[There’s no one to teach you though?]

Although she said that there won’t be many meeting in the future, she showed herself quite frequently and perhaps she got used to Yu IlHan but she was not poilte with him anymore. If one didn’t consider the feathery wings on her back, then she was just a beautiful big sister, so he didn’t feel bad at all about her attitude

“I don’t know why, but internet and electricity is still working so I will study by myself by looking at some videos on youtube or something.”

[Well, time stopped after all.]

“You’re going to keep using that excuse right?”

[Yeah.]

Yu IlHan stopped staring at the angel and exhaled a sigh.

“If you recommend me one, then what would it be?”

[Vale Tudo and spear arts. Well, I don’t think there will be much records about training in the spear so, train the basics until you die.]

“I said one!”

[Isn’t there 5 years? Just get the basics down for both.]

And what? was Vale Tudo a systematic martial art in the first place?! Yu IlHan, who was about to complain to the angel, changed his mind when he saw her serious face.

It wasn’t like she was teasing him. She advised him with the martial arts that would actually help when the earth experienced the Great Cataclysm.

Then he had no choice. If it was the angel’s recommendation, he had to follow. Yu IlHan muttered to himself in his heart and woke his body up.

The light body movement. His changed body made him feel the time.

At first, he was really sad and lonely, but when he lived for a while, he now got used to it. Isn’t human adaptation ability amazing?

Eating and sleeping was solved and there was something he had to do every day. Moreover, there was an angel that chatted with him from time to time. Other than the moments he thought of his mother, and became sad, it was doable.

‘I need to endure for 5 years. Just 5 years. Let’s endure until then.’

With that thought, Yu IlHan sat his grown body in front of the computer. He thought that Vale Tudo and spear arts were difficult to learn just from the internet, but he had5 years. He just thought that it was possible for him to do it if it was just getting the basics down.

The first 2 years were a continuation of trial and error. He did train his body but to Yu IlHan, who hadn’t fought with other people before, Vale Tudo was like a girlfriend to him. It only existed inside monitors.

In contrast, there was some progress in spear arts. Yu IlHan, who didn’t know the ‘m’ of martial arts, used a long wooden stick instead of a spear to repeat motions of stabbing, swinging and blocking. But when it became 1 year and 2 years, his spear had some weight. Yu Ilhan gained enlightenment.

‘Martial arts in the end is the same as studying.’

Even something undoable would become doable when repeated a lot. That belief led him higher. It was the same for studying, training his body, and now, it was the same for spear arts.

Then wouldn’t Vale Tudo be the same? Yu IlHan, who barely succeeded grabbing the edge of martial arts, started looking for books and videos more enthusiastically and got more absorbed in training Vale Tudo and spear arts.

When he decided that he would do it, there was some progress. In the first place, Vale Tudo was basically a practical fighting technique to kill the enemy without any rules whatsoever. While researching into other martial arts books and videos, and putting effort to learn it with his body, Yu IlHan slowly, very slowly, felt like he grabbed something.

Spear arts too – He started considering the body movement that rather than just stabbing and swinging.

Pre-attack movement, post-attack movement. Movement to enhance attackpower. His steps improved, and his spear phases developed and his eye direction developed. It was a postive change that occurred while learning Vale Tudo.

Yu IlHan’s muscles, which developed unilaterally, developed in a more battle-oriented way due to the martial arts training. It was to the point that when 8 years passed since he was left out, the angel was shocked after seeing him.

[You didn’t eat some strange drug right?]

“What are you taking my efforts as?!”

[Such a surprising human. Or are all humans like this?]

“Leave me alone.”

The problem Yu IlHan had was that he had no opponents. He had to fight with others to know how much his techinques worked, what was wrong, and what should be fixed. How much longer does he have to practice on sandbags and beanbags?

On the 9th year of being left out and 4th year of training martial art, Yu IlHan thought that. It was something he could think of since he was more and more confident in his techniques. Fighting with others – If it was the him from 9 years ago, he would be scared senseless and run away. Or call the police.

[You know?]

With those words, the angel pointed to herself. Yu IlHan asked in doubt

“You want me to hit you? Angel-noona?”

[Even though I might look like this, I’m an envoy of God and a higher existence. So I’m unimaginably stronger than you think.]

“You know what Vale Tudo is, right?”

Vale Tudo was literally merciless practical combat. It was a combat tecnique that made one wonder if it was not about incapacitating the opponent but killing the opponent. Of course, he was only on his 4th year, but Yu IlHan knew how lethal of an effect it would have if he used it on humans.

[Fuu. It was me who told you to practice that. Don’t worry and come at me.]

“Is it really okay? You won’t say otherwise later right?”

[Of course.]

The angel smacked her uselessly large chests and assured him. Yu IlHan looked at her and after resolutely deciding his heart, he went at the angel with wide eyes.

“Eat my fist containing the resentment of 9 year of isolation! Diiieee!”

[Fuu.]

And he got beaten up badly. The angel was a star born for Vale Tudo.

[You know now? You can consider me a fighting opponent as you want. It’s the biggest service since the birth of angels!]

“No…….!”

After getting beaten up and getting bruises all over his body, Yu IlHan rejected with all his might, but unfortunately he didn’t have the rights to refuse. It was because the angel truly wanted to help him survive after the Great Cataclysm after seeing him train seriously for 9 years.

From Yu IlHan’s view, it wasn’t very welcome, but even if he wanted to run away, he couldn’t run away from that angel.

Fighting with the angel made his techinques truly rise rapidly. He didn’t want to admit it, but his growth was too distinct. I want to stop feeling this pain and hit that woman no matter what it takes! – since this was his objective for moving his body.

The angel was proud and Yu IlHan was in pain. His techinques in Vale Tudo and spear arts increased.

Until the promised 10 years came.

Yu IlHan took a shower, shaved himself, and looked at his figure on the mirror. His body was strong to the point that he would be able to fight with a wolf due to training his body for 10 years, but his face was still the college freshman from 10 years ago. so there was a strange disharmony.

“It would be good if I was a bit taller.”

[Wouldn’t you grow after the Great Cataclysm? Your face is a bit disappointing but your body figure is fine so if you grow a bit taller…… Hmhm. It’ll be not half bad.]

“What about my face!?”

He looked at the mirror. Eyes that were not big at all, loose eyebrows, nose that wasn’t high at all, slightly pale lips, and even more pale skin. Hmm. he couldn’t deny that he had a slightly lifeless face.

But this was his own face. A unique face in the world.

[You engraved that much techniques into your body, so you will be able to confront low class monsters without difficulty. Then your levelling up will be smooth too. So you will be able to handle mana soon.]

The angel said. She was slightly disappointed as she was preparing for a farewell, but Yu IlHan asked back since there was something that he had a question about.

“How can I kill those monsters? I thought you said you can’t kill them without mana.”

[That’s about high class monsters made up entirely of a higher system of energy, low class monsters can be killed by guns or spears or knives easily, thoug?]

“You decevied me angeeelll!”

“Fufuu. I didn’t lie. You just didn’t ask for details!]

The angel proudly held out her chest and blabbed. This woman, is a naughty woman who boasted sexual appeal whenever she could – Even witha chaotic mind, Yu IlHan thought of these things.

His rage was boiling, but it calmed down after some time passed. In the end, it was a deceit for him to grow stronger. She put in effort to fill the gap of not being able to handle mana.

When he thought like that, he couldn’t get angry so instead, all the energy left his body.

“Ordinary college life would be impossible, right?”

[Of course. The majority of society will be paralyzed. And a period where fighting ability rather than academic ability will be needed will come.]

“Phew……”

[When a dropout appeared at first, I thought the skies were collapsing, but due to your effort, I didn’t have to worry much. You worked hard until now. You will do well in the future.]

The time came. It was the same time as 10 years ago. Of course, Yu IlHan himself couldn’t tell the time so the angel told him.

Yu IlHan purposedly moved to the same place. The grass square inside the college campus. It was a scene he hadn’t seen for 10 years but there was no difference.

“Thank you for everything until now, angel-noona.”

[Wow.]

It was the first time he said thank you. The angel also didn’t seem to think that she would receive thanks and was flustered for a bit, but in the end, she laughed and flapped her wings and came to his side.

[It was quite a fun 10 years thanks to you too.[

“Will I be able to see you again?”

[Well, that will depend on you.]

The angel spoke until there, and hesitated for a bit before adding another line.

[My name is Rita.]

“Rita.”

Yu IlHan kept muttering her name as if he didn’t want to forget it. The angel, Rita, watched such a figure contendedly before flapping her wings again.

[I have to go. Time on Earth will resume soon, and the people will come back.]

“Have a safe trip, Rita-noona.”

The two bid their farewells. Rita slowly flew up to the sky and Yu IlHan tried his best to suppress his disappointment due to the farewell with Rita, and the excitement of going back to his ordinary life from 10 years ago, and closed his eyes.

Nothing happened.

“……”

Yu IlHan opened his eyes. He could see Rita in panic in the air.

“……Care to explain?”

Yu IlHan said with a quiet voice. Rita slowly came down to the ground and laughed cutely with a ‘teehee’. And blabbed.

[I think there was a mistake.]

“Hey you crazy XXXX!”

[Perhaps due to stopping the time or some other reason, there seems to be a slight deviation in the time axis. It’s alright. It won’t be much so if you endure 10 or 20 more years……]

“aaargh.”

It’s that fucking time again! Yu IlHan went on a rampage while rolling on the grass square. It was because he knew that he would be beaten up if he went against the angel.

Like that, Yu IlHan, who calmed down after putting grass all over his body, muttered while looking at the resentful blue sky.

“Good. It’s just 10 or 20 years. I will wait no problem.”

Humans are animals of adaptation. He did well until now so he would do well in the future – The positive attitude, which was his only good trait about him, but became one of many now, persuaded himself.

However, even after 10 years and 20 years, humanity didn’t come back.

And when 50 years passed, Yu IlHan stopped counting time.



Chapter 2

At first, he also put in his efforts. He had thought that he need to prepare for whatever he could since he didn’t know when humanity would come back.

“Vale Tudo and spearmanship are still sloppy. Actually, it’s better for me!”

[Such a strange human…….!]

Even while receiving Rita’s strage gazes, Yu IlHan immersed himself again in training. Rita provided all 3 meals for him anyway so he only needed to think about the martial arts that he needed to learn.

And like that, 5 years and 10 years passed. It was the moment after 20 years had passed since he was left out.

Now, his punches and kicks flowed with fighting spirit that can even kill a bear, much less a human, and the wooden spear he extended powerfully not only pierced the sandbag, but it shattered it. Yu IlHan himself thought that he had no talent in regards to martial arts, but growing up like this in just 15 years was amazing. Of course, it was also because Rita, who was a great fighting partner, was there for him.

“I’m turning 40 soon. How is it? Do I look more mature?”

[The only thing you did was punching and stabbing with the spear. Do you think you earned anything other than enlightenment in martial arts? Did you see anyone acting their age after coming out from training in the mountains?]

“You think so too? My mom won’t tell me I’m pretending to be mature, right?”

[Don’t worry about it and keep training.]

From this point, Rita, who came once a week, came once in 3 days. It was because she was worried that Yu IlHan might go crazy after being alone in the huge prison known as Earth for no less than 20 years.

Whether it was due to her worry and interest or due to his innate personality, Yu IlHan endured well.

He endured for 20, 30 years.

[Just how much did it deviate!]

While looking at such Yu IlHan, it was instead Rita who was nervous to the point of shouting. However, Rita’s position wasn’t actually that high so she wasn’t in a position to ask God directly, and she didn’t have the rights to reverse the time axis so she could only restlessly watch Yu IlHan training his body quietly, day by day.

“Rita.”

One day, Yu IlHan said with a lowered voice.

“I can’t remember my mom’s face.”

[……I’m sorry.]

“Even when I look at the picture, it feels unfamiliar. Was this person really my family? Wasn’t I living here alone in the first place? Everything was my deulsion and it is a lie that Rita made in order to console me……”

[Don’t say such things!]

“Yeah, it was a joke. It might be good if it was actually like that though.”

He sighed and took back the spear. It was the time after 50 years of being left behind.

“I’m fed up. I want to do something else.”

[I’m sorry to say this now but…… It’s not known when the Great Cataclysm will occur. You cannot neglect your martial arts.]

“I know.”

Now that they had shared several tens of years together, racial matters such as being an angel or being a human didn’t really matter. The important thing to Yu IlHan was a person to look after him and a person who would listen to him. And Rita took that place so he followed Rita. That was enough.

Yu IlHan was also the only human that Rita came into contact with for several tens of years, so she became to harbor feelings of more than just pity and compassion for the human known as Yu IlHan. Of course, she didn’t say it out loud.

The two’s strange relationship which occurred due to God’s error, was progressing in a truly marvelous direction.

“I’ll read some books.”

[That’s a good idea.]

Martial arts would become important after the Great Cataclysm occurs, but reading helps widening one’s reasoning and building the foundation for one’s actions. It would help but it wouldn’t harm.

Yu IlHan, who acted too fast that it may seem excessive after setting his mind on something, he shut himself inside the college library straight away. As he promised with Rita, he trained Vale Tudo and spearmanship for 3 hours a day, but he invested the rest of the time solely on reading.

Even the most well preserved books would change colors after several tens of years passed, but ‘thanks’ to the ‘stopped time’, objects didn’t get affected by time. It was a good thing for Yu IlHan.

His preferences leaned towards contemporary novels, but he got fed up after reading those for about 5 years and he moved onto others. While thinking that his ordinary college life might continue after the Great Cataclysm occurs, he first studied books related to his major which was management, and when he was also about to get fed up with it, he considered plural majors and read psychology or other humanities-related books.

Unlike martial arts where the progress becomes less noticeable after a certain point, reading piles up knowledge. Yu IlHan, who was now hooked to that spread his interests to other books inside the library. Common knowledge, history, geography, calssics, physics, chemistry, art – he read every single books existing in the library.

After a few years passed, the books inside the libraries were insufficient. There was no one guarding bookstores anway, so Yu IlHan started conquering the book stores within his walking range in search for books that weren’t in the library.

However, even this had a limit. On his 67th year of being left behind (Of course, Yu Ilhan no longer counted time), he made a big decision.

“Let’s learn another language.”

[Then let’s just change locations. I can deliver your meals wherever it is.]

“Where is that food coming from?”

[Secret.]

While pondering whether to cross the seas or not, he moved locations to China, the closet country. While driving any car to drive until he was out of fuel, when he found a working petrol station, he would refuel, and if not, he would just change cars.

License? There was only Yu IlHan in this world so it was okay as long as the car he drove didn’t fall off a cliff or explode after crashing.

Even while moving, he studied Chinese in his spare time. The language studies made him sick after studying even a little became doable due to reading books for several tens of years.

And the China he arrived at somehow was too wide. And there were of course, many texts.

“Maybe it’s a mistake to set China as the first stop.”

Yu IlHan screamed in joy at the fact that there were so much new knowledge. Humanity will definitely come back before I get to know all the knowledge of China – at that fact, he even felt sorry for that.

However, that was his misunderstanding. Even after adventuring all of the wide lands of China, and studied every book in China, humanity still didn’t come back. Yu IlHan no longer asked Rita how much time passed and Rita also didn’t speak of it.

He calmly moved to another country. It was because he felt that he might go crazy if he didn’t get new stimulation, no matter what it was.

Kazakhstan, Uzebkistan, Pakistan, India, Mongolia…… After learning every language on Asia, he read all the books, records and even internet logs of all those countries. As if he would die if he didn’t read something, he read and read again.

Once, he forgot the iron rule of training martial arts for 3 hours a day and was close to getting beaten up by Rita.

[Are you really alright?]

“It’s alright. Anyway.”

He raised his head. The last page of the last book of the 7.5 million books inside the Russian academy of sciences was revealing itself.

Even though it was 7.5 million books, there were many books that also existed in other libraries, and to Yu IlHan, who could now read any book in a short time regardless of thickness due to reading repeatedly for countless years, it wasn’t that hard of a task.

“As expected, I can’t understand technical books even after reading them.”

Yu IlHan saw through the limits of this brain. It seemed that he wasn’t a person who was fit for sciences. He only read because there was text, and just reading the book didn’t make him a professional in that area.

“Now let’s go to Europe.”

[You’re speaking in Russian right now, you know?]

“Hyvää!”

[Okay, we can go to Finland.]

When he toured Europe, middle east, and even Africa, his vocabulary became rich.

It was the 216th year after he was left behind.

“Now there’s just Oceania and America left!”

Yu IlHan cheered like a middle schooler who just checked that there was little summer homework left. At his unchanging tension even though he had lived for over 200 years, Rita made a bitter smile and asked back.

[You do know that you have to go by boat, right?]

“It’s alright. There are many boats without owners in this world!”

[That’s called stealing.]

The power of time was truly amazing. It had made a clueless college student in to an all powerful adventurer. Of course, there was no need to say twice since one human was given more time than a human lifespan, but Yu IlHan kept moving without rest as if he wouold die the moment he stops.

Using all the knowledge of Geography, he set the sailing distance to the minimum, and he looked for a boat which could hold out for that distance. In the countless books he read until now, there were many specialized books related to ships, so there wasn’t any difficulty finding a sturdy and a fueled boat, and driving it.

“Rita, humanity didn’t die out by any chance, right?”

[I said there was a deviation in the time axis. I was a fool for thinking it’s just twice or three times. It seems that it’s at least 10 times.]

“How exciting.”

After he finished preparing for the voyage, Yu IlHan unhesitatingly left the land he was on. As long as Oceania and America waited for him, there was no time for leisure.

And several tens of years passed again.

“I finiiished!”

[Such a nasty guy.]

While looking at Yu Ilhan who was shouting and rolling around on top of the table inside Boston Public Library, known for being one of the biggest in America, Rita muttered with a

fed up voice.

Yu IlHan finally had conquered all the available books revealed to humanity. Even though she had watched the whole process with her own eyes, it was an unbelievable achievement.

After he left the library, sat down on a bench on the street and looked at the sky blankly for a while, Yu IlHan muttered while tilting his head.

“What do I do now?”

[Martial Arts?]

“I’ve done that until now too.”

He didn’t only read books while touring around the world. He went to various ruins which remained in some parts of the world, he found traces of martial arts and he kept revising various shortcomings in Vale Tudo and spearmanship. Training was 3 hours at the minimum and sometimes it would go over 8 hours, and 12 hours.

His fighting arts and weapon arts which transformed to the point that he couldn’t find the original style, was developed into a practical and high level technique to the point that Rita would have a hard time fighting him without mana.

This was something that was unachievable by someone who didn’t have talent even if that person was given countless years. Rita of course didn’t tell this to Yu Ilhan. Since he would get ahead of himself when she did!

“Rita, other than martial arts or knowledge, is there something that might help after the Great Cataclysm occurs?”

The question that flew towards Rita, who was thinking about Yu IlHan’s talent, was this. When she heard this, Rita could feel goosebumps.

[You……]

His question proved one thing.

Yu IlHan, who experienced more things than a human could experience in one life time, still didn’t lose hope despite the time that had passed.

To him, his life wan’t over. No, perhaps he might be thinking that it didn’t start until now. All the things he did until now maybe just in preparation for the life after the Great Cataclysm.

It was a long time even for Rita, who was an agel, but a human who wouldn’t live past 100 on average was treating the past years as prior preparation. Of course, he himself didn’t know exactly how much time had passed, but that didn’t make Rita any less surprised.

[You, how can you be like that?]

As she was dumbfounded, Rita spat out the question she endured until now.

If Yu IlHan tried to boast for a bit, he might have answered with a fancier answer, but he, who lived while looking for new knowledge and experienced without being in contact with another human for countless years, only had candidness and honesty left. It might be considered that he regressed back in to a child.

“You said I need to do it, so I do it. I can’t practice mana so I need to do other things.”

[……]

With Yu IlHan, who sighed while replying, in front of her, Rita lost her words to speak. The countless emotions and impulses mixed with each other and blew up to the point of bursting and bleached her mind pitch white.

Soon, she didn’t know what expression to make and turned her head and spread her wings.

[I’m going!]

“Tell me what to do before leaving!”

[Think about it yourself from now!]

Rita disappeared from the place, and Yu IlHan was dumbfounded. After cool-headedly judging the situation, he muttered again while sighing.

“Let’s first go back home.”

This was a historic moment where an angel harbored more than just good intentions towards a human. And obviously, Yu IlHan didn’t notice that.

Yu IlHan didn’t know, but this was the 274th year after being left behind.

Humanity didn’t return yet.



Chapter 3

Yu IlHan, who returned to his home in Seoul, Korea, revised the fantasy novels. What would change when monsters start appearing in society, what else is needed other than strength and knowledge to do well in the changed society – he wanted to learn these.

The things Yu IlHan did right now was no different from Korean youths getting specs and studying early in order to ‘go to a good university’ or to ‘get employed in a good company’. That was obvious as the only thing he learned before he was left out was that. So perhaps it was an acceptable thing to pile up specs for hundreds of years.

[No, I definitely can’t accept it……!]

Rita, who came back, sneaked back to Yu IlHan’s side while he was researching various things from all kinds of fantasy novels, looked at him and shook her head. No matter how study-stricken Korean students were, was it possible to study for several hundreds of years!?

Of course, Yu IlHan’s current actions were mostly due to escapism to forget his own loneliness, but not submitting under such a situation and finding new things to do was proof of his strong mentality. No, perhaps the long period of training may have changed him.

“Rita, since you’re here, tell me. I want to try corpse disassembly or smithing. What should I try first?”

Yu IlHan looked at Rita with a serious gaze. Rita thought it was absurd but she had no choice but to reply.

[To confront monsters, defensive equipment and weapons made with monsters as materials are the most efficient so I can say ‘both’, but I think it’s easier for you to learn the basics of disassembly rather than smithing. It’s also more prioritized on the scene.]

“Then disassembly it is.”

[Hey, rest for a bit!]

Animals were abundant in this world, and Yu IlHan had the confidence to hunt any animal if he had a good spear so he didn’t hesitate. He looked for a suitable weapons factory and acquired a few spears and went into action.

Disassembly wasn’t easy. Not only was it difficult to hunt the animal without injuring it much, peeling the leather without damaging it and cutting the meat by parts and processing all of it was considerably profound; and the process was different for cows, pigs, bears, tigers, lions, elephants, etc.

However, time solved everything. Yu IlHan hunted and disassembled most of the animals he could hunt in several decades and learnt the techniques. It was to the point that he could estimate and see through how he would disassemble an animal he had never seen before.

“Rita, if I hunted all the animals now, wouldn’t monsters not appear then?”

[God has sent humans to other worlds in order for humans and monsters to compete in the same conditions.]

“Excluding me.”

Rita naturally ignored Yu IlHan’s words and continued speaking.

[But if you kill all the animals now, then it goes against the ‘balance’. The reason I’m also helping you now is to match the balance, so do you think I will let you hunt all the animals? Just obediently hunt the amount I allow you to.]

“Tch.”

The last task of disassembly was the sperm whale.

[Stop it, you idiot!]

“Call me Ishmael……”

[Don’t tell jokes that nobody can understand!]

“Don’t say stupid things. It’s not that there’s nobody to understand but there are no people at all!”

While training martial arts for hundreds of years, and conquering all the libraries in the world, Yu IlHan became strangely stubborn. He acted first after deciding something was necessary to complete a task. Hunting sperm whales was an example.

Of course, as sperm whales were designated as endangered species and was prohibited to hunt, but honestly, Yu IlHan couldn’t care less.

“Won’t the animal population have increased rapidly after humanity comes back?”

[Unlike you, they can’t eat and they don’t grow either, but like you don’t age, they don’t age and can’t reproduce. And that’s all……]

“And you’ll say ‘because time stopped’!”

[Because time sto……Whoa!?]

He spent one month before encountering a sperm whale, but that amount of time wasn’t even considered ‘waiting’. Yu IlHan who was calmly training his martial arts on the deck, finished hunting the sperm whale as soon as he encountered it and he disassembled it.

According to what Rita said, there were some monsters which carried parts that had a special effect or some other reason to be exchanged for a large sum, so disassembling a sperm whale which had ambergris was an extremely advisable practice.

[People usually think of escaping first when monsters appear in the world.]

“Who was it that made them prepare to fight and now you’re speaking nonsense? Anyway, now I’ve gotten used to disassembly, I will learn smithing.”

[Yeah, you do everything, eeeverything.]

This was exactly on the 300th year after being left behind.

It was a hammer that he picked up without thinking, but he unexpectedly spent a lot of time on it. As he had to learn from existing records since there was no one to teach him, it was too difficult.

Still, as he had a body that was developed to an extreme due to hundreds of years of training, he was saved on the point that he didn’t feel tired even with all the perilous work.

“When! I! Read! Fantasy! Novels! They! All! Learn! Skills! Easily! But! Why! Can! I! Not! Do! Anything! Easily!?”

Yu IlHan spat out each word each time he hammered the piece of metal on the anvil and ground his teeth. ‘Then don’t do it’ – these words came up to Rita’s throat but as she knew that Yu IlHan wouldn’t stop even if she said so, she just called wind and cooled the sweat on his head.

“Just! Teach! Me! The! Skill! To! Call! Wind!”

[I said you need to handle mana?]

“ARRGH!”

It took no less than 5 years for him to become used to using the furnace, extracting various metals such as iron, blowing the bellows, and produce a sword that could be considered ‘having an edge’.

Rita, who received Yu IlHan’s first work, which was neither a longsword nor a shortsword but somewhere in the middle, gently closed her eyes and looked at the sword before voicing her honest opinions.

[I wonder if you can slice a radish with this.]

“I won’t tell you to slash a radish so give it back.”

[I want it was commemoration. I’ll ask Lord God to preserve this even after the world resets.]

“Why do you want to bully me so much……!?”

And when about 30 more years passed, Yu IlHan had the confidence that he made a sword that was better than factory-made ones.

And after 50 more years passed, he had confidence that the weapon he created surpassed all the existing weapons on Earth, but Yu IlHan, who knew well that his ability wasn’t good enough yet couldn’t stop there.

Like a student who received 97 points on a mock test, Yu IlHan clung to smithing which had no clear answer. He created weapons that contained metals such as swords, spears, and axes, and even polearms. He conquered defensive equipments such as battle gloves as well. And 50 more years passed like that.

“No, you can’t even cut a cucumber with this!”

[Are the cucumber you know made of diamonds?]

It was truly unfortunate but all humans had something called ‘talent’. According to the presence or absence of this talent, there were people who wouldn’t be able to achieve something no matter how much effort they put into it; and there were people who would achieve a world record by just trying once; and there were people who achieved as much as they put into it.

Yu IlHan was in no way a genius that mastered a technique by just trying once. However, as he steadily put more effort, his ability was increasing. Slowly, but never stopping.

It was truly a coincidence, but to him who was forgotten by God and was left alone in the world, it was a blessing. The centuries became his asset without being wasted.

When 200 and a few more years passed since he first picked up the hammer, Yu IlHan succeeded in creating a weapon to his liking. He pursued weapons that he could create in his personal space so it wasn’t made from anything like titanium alloy or carbon nanocubes (!!) and such new materials, and was made from steel, but that spear was overly hard and sharp to be created by a human.

“How is it?”

[I thought there was a limit to the technology on Earth… but human tenacity brings miracles…….]

“Ahahaha. I’ve finally created a steel sword that can make Mo Palmo cry!……!”

[This is a spear though.]

There were points that even Rita, an angel, would marvel at. The sharpness which seemed like one would get cut from just looking at it, and hardness. The spearpoint and the spear shaft was separated by a socket but the spear shaft was also made entirely from steel, and it was heavy.

Wielding this spear freely was only possible by Rita or Yu IlHan. Of course, there were only the two of them on Earth right now other than animals.

[But I kept telling you, though? When mana is released, new materials would be birthed endlessly, so why are you so obsessed with steel?]

“Now that I’ve gotten used to handling metals, I’ll be handle whatever material that comes at me.”

Yu IlHan indifferently replied and swung the spear after Rita handed it to him. As it was created to fit his body figure, the feeling he got when he swung it was addictively great. A handicraft that can be used for several decades or more if maintained it well, had been created.

This was on the 507th year after he was left behind.

“Then.”

Yu IlHan sighed while putting down the spear.

“What now?”

Rita’s heart sank after she heard those words. She wished for the time humanity would come back when she saw him holding the hammer for more than several decades, but she didn’t know that even now, when more than 50 times the estimated 10 years had passed, humanity didn’t return.

Just how much deviation is there on the time axis to become like this? Rita wanted to nitpick with God, but in truth, she hadn’t even met God in person. An existence that forever had to wait without requesting answers. She learned that from a senior angel.

[The Great Cataclysm must be coming soon, right? You don’t know when you have to fight with monsters so I think it’s better to train your martial arts and heighten your senses.]

“Well, I think we’re past the 100 year boundary so it’s about time for them to come back, right?”

Yu IlHan, who lived by immersing himself in the task in front of him, didn’t know the flow of time well. All time observation devices in the world had stopped so Rita, who was a higher existence, was the only one who could tell him the time. To Rita, it was instead fortunate.

And so, Yu IlHan started training his martial arts again. It was still Vale Tudo and spearmanship, but too many things had changed when compared to the beginning.

The degree of body tempering and techniques were different, and especially, his concentration was different. The concentration which increased due to reading and smithing was an incomparable achievement.

“Whoa, I feel like I’ve swung the spear for 3 hours. Rita, give me food. I’m so hungry that I’m about to die.”

Perhaps due to conentrating while swinging his weapon, he got more hungry. Yu IlHan thought that but Rita inwardly sweated cold sweat even though she was smiling outwardly. The time he concentrated on his spearmanship wasn’t 3 hours but 3 days.

From then, Rita prepared one meal per day – meaning one every 24 hours. Of course the amount was huge, but Yu IlHan instantly cleared it and concentrated on training again.

And when 200 years passed like that, Yu IlHan felt it was insufficient with just the spear so he started picking up other weapons. Daggers, greatswords, axes, and even guns couldn’t avoid his hand.

Martial arts was the same. He researched into and learnt Taekwondo, Aikido, Karate, Muay Thai, Kickboxing, and even some martial arts which only existed in records.

With that moment as the turning point, his physical body overcame the limit and started transforming. Above all, the power and durability of his muscles became stronger but the volume was decreasing little by little.

It wasn’t just something like ‘compressed muscles’ that people talked about. His body cells which were exposed to a miraculous state where it didn’t age but kept being active, was mutating due to the long period of training. Stronger, but more efficiently in order to not become a hindrance to movement.

Of course, the bones, the skin, and even the inner organs were the same. As if it knew that it would have to confront many enemies in the future, it was strongly evolving to optimize itself to battle. Roughly speaking, it was comparable to a mutation that wouldn’t happen for several generations was happening in one human’s body.

Rita observed that and she couldn’t hide her disappointment. Thanks to God’s mistake, she was able to see a human exceeding humans even without mana, and when the Great Cataclysm happens and Yu IlHan learns mana, then he might grow up into a truly amazing existence!

‘Did you perhaps intend IlHan’s growth? Are you bullying him since IlHan’s growth isn’t to your liking yet? Just when…… Just when is it? He would approach his limit some time. Please send humanity back to earth before that happens. Before he decides to give up life, please……!’

As if mocking Rita’s prayer, which contained her earnest feelings, time kept flowing. Fortunately, Yu ILHan was immersed in martial arts so he wasn’t well aware of the flow of time , but unless he was God, he would eventually hit a limit.

When the limit approaches, what could Rita do for Yu IlHan? Just what?

‘If there is something that IlHan didn’t experience yet……’

Rita’s imagination which extended endlessly arrived at one point. A scene where a man and a woman were passionately entwining themselves on top of bed was playing in a strangely vivid manner inside her head. Among them, the woman’s face belonged to Rita. Then the man’s was……

After looking at Yu IlHan kicking and punching lumps of steel as fighting partner, her cheeks reddened like a tomato.

‘I’m so superficial even though I’m an angel who proceeds God’s orders. Even though it was a long time ago when I was freed from trivial emotions and desires…’

However, the more she thought about Yu IlHan’s figure immersing himself in reading, martial arts and smithing, her thoughts became more realistic.

The most novel and shocking stimulation. No matter how fed up Yu IlHan was with everything, wouldn’t he have no choice but to be fascinated by such a stimulation? Like the time he immersed himself in reading or smithing. To the point that he would immerse himself for 200 years without doing anything else……

Rita’s face became even more red when she imagined that. To think her face would change due to emotions! If she told this to herself before coming to Earth, she would never believe it.

‘Yes, this is, in the end, to proceed with God’s orders and not to fulfill my desires. If there is a person who can’t wait for the Great Cataclysm and die mid way, that’s ruining God’s reputation. From the beginning, this was my reason for coming to IlHan so I’m absolutely in the right.’

With a speed that would make Usain Bolt cry, the thoughts inside her mind was justified. From the next moment, she was pondering on the timing to pounce at Yu IlHan.

She wanted to provide a new stimulation straight away according to her heart… No, for Yu IlHan, but while he’s immersing himself in martial arts, she can’t bother him. To tie his will here, she had to wait persistently.

At this point, Rita was having a huge misunderstanding. Yu IlHan was, of course, moving to escape from the dull life, but his principles in acting was was based in surviving after the Great Cataclysm occurs.

If he just wanted new stimulation, there were many things he could do. Whether it was games or sports, or whatever.

As she hadn’t considered this point, Rita was basically confessing that she loved Yu IlHan. Perhaps Rita also might have become strange while observing Yu Ilhan for so many years.

However, sadly, or fortunately, the time for Rita to erupt her feelings and desires to Yu IlHan didn’t come.

When exactly 1 thousand years had passed after Yu IlHan was left by humanity.

The world reset and humanity came back.



Chapter 4

The first one to realize that something was wrong was not Rita but Yu IlHan.

“Something’s moving.”

[What’s moving?]

“Your sword.”

[What? Kyaaa! No!]

The sword was trash amongst trash to the current Yu IlHan’s eyes – that sword which he made on his 5th year after picking up the hammer was vigorously vibrating on Rita’s waist.

Was it only that? The cars on the street, the clothes Yu IlHan was wearing, and others which made up the world was showing movement.

This meant one thing. The world was returning to the time when time first stopped.

“They are all the ones that were moved or changed since time stopped on Eart!”

[Rather than that, do something about this sword.]

“I’ll make you something better so why don’t you give up on it?”

[Never!]

While Rita was flustered and praying while grabbing on to the shabby sword, Yu IlHan’s body finally also moved against his will.

It wasn’t that his physical body was returning to its former state. It was just that he was moving to the place he was at when he was left out by humanity. With a visual that looked like a flying bird.

“I can fly!”

[Ah, IlHan, wait! L, Lord God, just a bit! Just give me time to say farewell!]

Rita who realized the situation after she was focused on the sword, desperately shouted but God didn’t fulfill her request.

While Yu IlHan’s physical body was flying to the college campus from his home due to the irresistible, huge force, Rita was dragged to the sky due to another type of power. It was strong to the point that she cried from being sad.

[You took it easy until now but why so suddenly…… You’re going too far, You’re going too far!]

Rita insulted God while complaining, truly unbefitting of a God’s envoy. The only thing she could do right now was to watch the distant Yu IlHan’s back and pray for his fortune. While tightly embracing the shabby sword.

‘You left the sword. So I take back the words ‘you’re going too far’.’

Will there be a time she meets Yu IlHan again? She prayed that they did. She prayed that she will see Yu IlHan after he is free from the clutches of time.

As soon as possible. Even tomorrow.

While embracing the hope that she wouldn’t even think about one thousand years ago, when she came to find Yu IlHan, a drop out, Rita slowly closed her eyes. And she realized one thing.

[In the end, we didn’t even kiss!]

At the same moment that poor angel Rita was returning, Yu IlHan also dropped in to the campus. Yu IlHan, who was half thrown at the last moment, balanced himself in mid-air and landed in a neat pose to reduce the damage done to him.

“I have a good feeling”

Above anything that he experienced in the long years, flying just now was definitely the most interesting. Wasn’t that a clear proof that the boring days had ended? While resolving that he would learn to fly by himself after learning mana, he raised his head.

And found Rita who was ascending into the skies.

“Ah.”

Yu IlHan subconsciously moaned. To think she left like that without any farewell, as expected, was Yu IlHan no more than just an interesting human to Rita? Was he an existence she gained out with only to serve to fill her boredom?

But that didn’t matter. No matter what, Rita who confronted him was an existence who was kind, pretty and someone who consoled his loneliness. When he thought that he wouldn’t see her again in the future, he felt that his heart was empty.

Originally, this was normal. He thought that being with her was natural as he was together with her for a long time, but an angel such as Rita coming into contact with an ordinary person like Yu IlHan was, in the first place, an extremely rare case.

An existence that can never be connected to even in the same space. Didn’t Rita herself name herself a higher existence?

“A higher existence, eh……”

Yu IlHan softly muttered to himself and tightened his fists.

Pile up techniques and knowledge to not lose behind other humans when the Great Cataclysm occurs. This was Yu IlHan’s objective until now.

However, now, he had a grand, but a firm objective.

Higher existence, if I become one, then I’ll be able to meet and talk to her again. I will finally be able to stand on the same level as her.

So I’ll become one. There was nothing that didn’t work out after I put in effort so won’t I be able to become one if I work hard as if I’m about to die? – Yu IlHan resolved himself as such.

Of course, Yu IlHan didn’t know that forget the same level, he had completely caught her heart to the point that he couldn’t catch any more. It was because he was a virgin who didn’t even hold hands with a woman for more than 1000 years.

Regardless of whether Yu IlHan resolved or not, the world was returning to its original state. The exploded cars were restored and returned to their original positions, and everything in the world, which was damaged when coming in to contact with Yu IlHan, returned to its former state.

And that moment was approaching.

Yu IlHan calmly closed his eyes and waited, like he did in the distant past.

And when a few hours passed, he felt the world, and himself changing. He knew about his physical body more than anyone else. And a small but a clear changed had occurred to his body.

A cool, luminous, wondrous, strong energy. When his heart beat, that energy also beat along with his heart as if it was originally like that.

He didn’t even need to ponder about it. This was mana. A new energy that Earth had come in contact with. The energy that humans adapted to in the 10 years they stayed in other worlds. The energy that Yu IlHan had to adapt to in the future.

‘Well, I’ll probably be able to do it.’

He was different to his past self who was a childish college freshman. No, well, the two were on the same point in the time axis, but didn’t he have a history of the countless years of effort, and its achievements?

He opened his eyes. There were a lot of people inside the campus which was cramped. While making expressions that they were surprised, but nervous as if they were waiting for this.

People. There were really a lot of people. Due to being too happy, he wanted to scream, but he suppressed it.

“We really came back after 10 years.”

“According to their words, we can finally……”

“Uu, I’m scared.”

“Hey, I can open the status here too!”

“Kek, Everything really reset!”

Screams and exclamations happened here and there. It was at this moment that Yu IlHan felt that something was off.

The fact that they said that they came back in 10 years was something that Rita said and it was nothing strange. However, weren’t they too familiar with each other? Normally, when people lived separately in other worlds, it was normal to be awkward with each other.

If not, then what. Doesn’t that mean that everyone here was in the same world!? No, wait, thinking about it, there was no reason to separate the people who were in the same place. And if that’s true…… Wouldn’t they find out that Yu IlHan was left behind!?

Yu IlHan became nervous and he turned his head even though the ‘people’ he had missed for such a long time were in front of him. However, it was impossible. He was in the center of the square. He could only be found o……

‘……Eh?’

Yu IlHan raised his head. However, the people around him only talked to themselves and didn’t spare a glance towards Yu IlHan. No, it seemed like they hadn’t even noticed him.

Of course, the special situation of just being returned played a role, but they had a good reason to find out about him but as if they had planned beforehand, they were all ignoring him. How was this possible!?

‘Oh. It was like that wasn’t it?”

However, after pondering for a bit, Yu IlHan had no choice but to accept the impossible situation.

He had forgotten due to talking with Rita for so many years, but he had a legendary achievement of being left out during elementary school picnic, middle school training camp, and high school trip.

Was it only that? Being missed out even if he raised his hand at the very front seat while registration in college happened very often. It was no exaggeration to call him the Phantom Sixth Man.

And so, there was no way the excited Earthlings could recognize Yu IlHan. Once a loner was forever a loner.

“Great, I say. Great, you Earthlings……!”

He even spoke out loud but the people surrounding him didn’t look like they had noticed him at all. For some reason, the returnees he had waited for such a long time had appeared but he cried tears of not from being touched but tears of sadness.

He really wanted to see Rita who always recognized him. He wanted to become a higher existence as soon as possible. However, before that, he first.

‘Let’s go back faster than anyone and different to everyone.’

With drooped shoulders, he left the campus while ignoring the returnees’ cheers, their unease for the future, and their expectations for change. It was none of his business. I hope everyone falls down and have their noses broken – he thought.

The bus still didn’t run. Well, it was no time for both the bus drivers and the passengers to sit down on the bus. They would probably go home and wait for the official announcement by the government or hurrying to meet their beloved ones after the unavoidable separation.

In any case, It was Yu IlHan, who could run at tens of kilometers per hour if he ran a bit fast, so he didn’t have the intention to take the bus in the first place. It was no lie that he was faster than anyone. Of course, that was if mana wasn’t taken into account.

‘She said that mana was an almighty power. It can strengthen the physical body, make it move faster, or generate strong strength.’

If he remembered the scenes where Rita used magic, he could accept it. Human class would once again be divided into those who can and those who can’t. Unlike humanity who had practiced for 10 years, Yu Ilhan awakened to mana just now, so it they were categorized in to mana ability, then he would be placed at the bottom.

‘What’s so wrong about that? The knowledge and training I piled up is in no way inferior. If 10 years pass, I can grow without having to be envious of anyone.’

Now that he trained for countless years, he now had such a confidence. Truthfully, even that was under evaluating his personal ability, but he himself didn’t know that. It was because Rita forbid him to say those in order for him to not get ahead of himself.

‘Oh, yeah. Status.’

It was his thought just before he arrived at home. Rita said that due to the Great Cataclysm, the Akashic Records had come into contact with Earth and humans gained the right to see some of its records. The other returnees also talked about status and whatnot.

But how can I see this?

As soon as he thought that, green texts started popping up in his eyes as if it was being engraved on his retina.

[Yu IlHan]

[Human Jobless Lv1]

[Title – Pancosmic Loner (Concealment becomes passive)]

[Strength – 72 Agility – 81 Health – 78 Magic – 1]

[Active Skills – Concealment Lv Max (Evolvable. Skill evolution materials are necessary.)]

[Passive Skills – Unidentifiable]

[Dropout bonus was acquired, and distributed]

[Status rises by 5 when leveling up by 1.]

“……”

The thousand years of training was showing its results.



Chapter 5

Yu IlHan became silent. He was in a state of being greatly surprised.

From the moment Rita mentioned the word ‘status’, he was able to predict that human power would be measured using levels. And so, a game stat window that anyone would recognize had appeared and that wasn’t a problem.

The monstrous status also wasn’t a problem. The results of his training was visualized so he could only be happy.

The distributed status bonuses weren’t a problem either. It wasn’t a game where you could raise the stats you want and he also expected that he wouldn’t be able to raise magic that way.

Yes. Those weren’t the problems.

The problem was the title and the skill. Hiding which he does not remember learning and that title which was full of intentions to make fun of Yu IlHan!

What is this, concealment becomes passive? You mean I’m concealed!? Is my life concealed!? I’m a loner even if I go into space!?

A violent rage he never experienced in his life surged. This was the moment where he got another objective other than becoming a higher existence to meet Rita. An objective to beat that Akashic Records up!

If there was one thing that he had questions about, that was the passive skills. Thinking about the definition of Akashic Records on Earth, it was unbelievable that it couldn’t record one person’s ability perfectly.

It wasn’t some human who could make mistakes and it was a universal record! To make it error, one had to be outside of the realm of recognition and record – like a God.

How could this be unidentifiable? Yu IlHan, who thought about this until he reached his house, successfully thought up of one hypothesis.

‘Currently, my physical ability and concealment techniques are revealed so it can record it. However, it might be that it doesn’t have any records of the abilities I learnt in the past. All my training happened on Earth when time was stopped. Moreover, that was before the Akashic records came into contact with Earth.’

Under the assumption that Yu IlHan’s hypothesis was right, It was very possible that all of Yu IlHan’s doings on Earth, when time was stopped by the power of God, aren’t recorded in the Akashic records. Yu IlHan wasn’t sure but in reality, it was like that.

‘Well, I’ll know if I move.’

Yu IlHan trusted more in the days he had lived and trained than the sudden few lines appearing in his eyes. It wasn’t like he couldn’t swing his spear just because the skills status is unidentifiable so it had none to do with him.

He opened the front door to his house and went inside. He was planning to have a simple shower before moving around to check what passive skills pop up.

But in the next moment, one person came in his field of vision.

“Ah.”

Really, only that stupid sound came out of his mouth. The moment to realize how foolish he was came next.

How could he have forgotten the most important thing? How couldn’t he remember his most beloved family?

“IlHan.”

His mother was in front of his eyes.

Although they were far apart for such a long period of time to the point that he felt unfamiliar even when he looked at the picture, he realized just after seeing her like this. The fact that the middle aged woman crying in front of him was his mother.

That wasn’t remembered by his brain, but his heart.

“Mom.”

While saying out loud the word he hadn’t spoken for a long time, Yu IlHam embraced his mother.

He cried like a little child that made the past countless years seem like nothing. His mother cried along with him. They cried just like that until his father arrived.

After crying their hearts out, they became hungry. His mother, Kim YeSeul, also seemed to be the same as she started cooking.

Yu IlHan had received his meals from Rita for as long as 1000 years (Though, he himself didn’t know), but he hadn’t seen the scene of her cooking, so he was touched when he saw his mother standing in the kitchen.

The savory smell as rice became done, the rhythmical kitchen knife sounds and the sound from the heated up frying pan were all delightful to him.

“Thank you for the meal!”

The dinner using all the ingredients in the house, was very peaceful. There were some that looked like she had learnt from the another world.

However, Yu IlHan couldn’t enjoy the meal peacefully. It was because his parents started talking about the other worlds.

“Where were you sent to, my son? Mother went to a world called Ya-umin along with the people in our neighborhood.”

“A nameless one.”

He couldn’t make them worry by saying that he was left on Earth all alone. Fortunately, his muscles decreased in volume while mutating so on the outside, there was not much difference before being left out. There was no worry that he would be found out just based on his outer appearance.

“Heishia was a truly perfect world if you ignore the fact that there’s no rice. And also, that handling mana or whatever was truly hard. Even if I do get used to it, there’s no way your father would be able to confront monsters.”

Yu IlHan’s father, Yu YongHan complained while having the first big spoon of rice he had in 10 years. Kim YeSeul also agreed.

“That’s what I mean. They brought the newborn babies, elderly, and even pregnant women and made them suffer. It was too pitiful to see them suffering for those 10 years. It would’ve been better if they just took the young and sturdy ones.”

“They said it’s because it would go against the balance. Meaning that even though they knew the most efficient way, they couldn’t take it.”

“Sorry?”

Towards Yu IlHan, who blurted the truth he heard from Rita by accident, the gazes of his parents were directed. Yu IlHan realized then.

There weren’t many occasions to lie in his life until now, but to him who had lived a different life from others, there would be a lot he had to hide from now on. The moment he had to fix the habit of saying what he thought in his mind had come.

“N, no. I’m just thinking if that is the case.”

“Balance? Efficency? To hell with that. When I think about how they brought people away from home for 10 years and put them through suffering, I grind my teeth, my teeth.”

“So you ground your teeth to your heart’s content so you won’t anymore, right? Every time I hear you grinding your teeth, I grind my teeth because I’m annoyed.”

While wishing that the day he had to present them with implants in their gums won’t come, Yu IlHan finished eating his meal. But when he realized, his parents’ gazes focused on him.

“How about you, son? You can kill monsters if you handle mana well, right? When I talked with the ladies around, they said that the people who can kill monsters well will earn money!”

“They sure will. There weren’t many that had talent in that, were there? Monsters or whatever bullshit they are, they are dangerous, so if one says they want to kill it, won’t the country take care of them?”

“What are you saying, what money would the country give us!? It’s not that. Their corpses are worth so much money!”

Looking at his parents talk about fantasy stuff that only happened in novels so naturally, it was quite strange for Yu IlHan. His feeling of being left out was really serious and he thought about the dropout life.

Even though humanity returned, I’m still a loner…… He was angry at the fact that it was no different from his life until now and he didn’t feel that sad.

But I should be more aware of deep-sea fish than my parents! – when he thought that, he became even more empty so he stopped there.

“I can’t use mana.”

And he confessed the truth.

“Yes. Let’s study well, son.”

“I knew it. You can’t win against genes, eh?”

His parents accepted it too easily so he instead became dejected. However, that was not unreasonable. To his parents, he was a son who was stuck at home playing games or reading or studying all day, and hated exercise.

For them, it would be hard to imagine that their son would suddenly wield mana around his body and rush out while saying that he would hunt monsters. They probably asked with ‘what if’ only to get their answer of ‘as expected’.

“Just listen to the government’s announcement. Apparently, it will come out on the 9 o’clock news.”

“They are so untrustworthy. What if a monster appears in out neighborhood? Should we move to a place where a strong ability user is?”

“It’ll be alright. But you shouldn’t go to work for a while.”

“How could I? The company already called me more than ten times. I have to go even if I have to die on the way.”

“Hey! Don’t say unlucky things like that!”

His parents were happily chatting together. As it had been a long time, their longing for each other seemed to have piled up and they seemed closer. Honestly, he was prepared for a reverse effect, so Yu IlHan could only be thankful.

He gave up watching TV in the living room, and he returned to his own room while thinking that he might have a little sibling this time next year. He planned to search materials on the internet about the current situation.

However, he stiffened his body with the same amount of shock as when he first met his mother.

“……Why is this here?”

Was this God’s prank? Or was this because Rita’s wish flooded in a strange direction?

Wrapped in dry cloth, his masterpiece steel spear was in the middle of his room.

The moment he noticed that, Yu IlHan locked the door to his room. His mother would be surprised if she knew that there was a weapon inside her son’s room, wouldn’t she?

“Why did this remain?”

Every change that occurred due to his influence should have been reverted back when the world was returning to the point when he was first left out. Even his spear made with the efforts of his body and soul shouldn’t have been an exception.

But why? There was no way of finding out. Did God give him a bonus because he felt sorry for just a status bonus? Rita all over the place wanting the sword to remain, was there some over-effect from that?

In any case, it was a thankful thing. He was thinking of making a spear he would use in the near future, so he was thankful to God who relieved him of that effort.

Yu IlHan first picked it up intending to hide it in his closet. But at that moment, like the time he saw the status, green texts started appearing in his eyes.

[Yu IlHan’s steel spear]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power – 800]

[Durability – 500/500]

[A miracle made by human hands using pure technique to mold the spear without mana. It has hardness and strength comparable to that of a mid-class monster’s bones.]

“How should I know if attack power of 800 is high or not?”

But looking at the description from the Akashic Records, he thought that it would help until he acquired new materials so he put it in his closet. He wished for there to be inventories since there was status and mana and all, so he was disappointed.

“Then shall I start?”

The return of humanity, and the Great Cataclysm that happened at the same time as it was waiting for it. People were spread out to countless other worlds, but now that they had returned, they had to cooperate to adapt to the changed reality. Countless people should be pouring out information on what they know through countless routes.

Among those, the route that Yu IlHan selected was the internet. it was because it was the most approachable, the widest, and the one he was most familiar with.

‘There’s new text.’

Yu IlHan sat down in front of his laptop with shining eyes. The internet pages which weren’t renewed for such a long time was now changed to something completely new. Yu IlHan smiled when he saw that. He now felt delight when there was the slightest of a new stimulation. Did Columbus feel like this when he found the new continent?

He became the captain of the boat which sailed the new seas and sailed to the seas known as information.

When 4 hours passed, Yu IlHan closed the laptop. It was because he was assured that he had enough information now.

As everyone talked differently, he had a hard time picking out the truth, but Yu IlHan’s analytical ability and concentration was at the peak due to the several centuries of reading.

When he used the official announcement from the government as basis, and organized the information inside the articles that other people wrote, it was over easily. In other words, there was not much information that he could fish out.

‘There are too many liars.’

I hunted a dragon in another world, I subdued a princess knight made her as a sex slave, I solved the bonus question engraved on the back of throne of a huge empire so I acquired permanent item – bullshit like these were everywhere.

The description about levels and monsters were also all over the place, so listening to them, he might as well believe that a kobold killed a demon race.

‘Then shall I pick out the most objective milestones?’

He first organized the information on levels.

Until level 5 was an ordinary civilian. The majority of the standards to pick soldiers in other worlds were 7, and when one became level 10, one could have swordsman, archer, and other classes as their jobs and could think of becoming a captain of 10 men.

When one became level 50, then the class advances. It was a sort of 2nd advancement. As it seemed like powerful people and non-powerful people were separated using that line, advancement wasn’t done by anyone and passing a strict condition to understand the Akashic Records better.

If one didn’t advance to the 2nd job, then one could not go over level 50, and if someone did their 2nd advancement, then even nobles wouldn’t look down on them.

3rd advancement was possible at level 100. From that moment, one would be treated as a high class fighting power of the country. Levelling up by one became hellish and there were not many who would grow anymore.

It was known that there was a 4th advancement, but at least on the internet, there weren’t any that had seen a person with the 4th job. There were only predictions about high class monsters, such as dragons, on their 4th, 5th or even higher jobs. This was the information about the levels.

Among the rest, there weren’t many that were important.

First, tomorrow, he had to go to college as normal. It was because the government, joint with the army, said that they would come up with countermeasures against monsters and emphasized everyday life.

There were also announcements about making a special corps made up of mana users after creating anti-monster headquarters, but who knows. It wasn’t such a credible announcement.

‘I should protect my own body.’

The training and suffering was for that. He had no thoughts of going to college normally and be dragged around passively with the situation.

So let’s train in mana.

“Phew.”

As he thought that there weren’t many differences even after humanity had returned, he sighed. At the same time, he remembered about the kind and beautiful Rita who was always next to him when he was training and he longed to see her.

“I want to see Rita.”

[If she knew that, she would be very delighted.]

At the voice he heard from somewhere, he stiffened before abruptly turning back.

On the wide open window sill, a small, winged something was standing there. If one ignored the fact that it was very small, its outer appearance was similar to Rita.

[I am sent here to help you adjust to mana, and I’m……]

“An intruder of private property?”

[Angel Erta.]

The second intruder of private property…… It was that moment of meeting with an angel.



Chapter 6

The small angel who came into the room, Erta, ignored the pre-conversation and started talking whatever she wanted.

[For humans, the energy they acquired post-natally, mana, is extremly difficult to handle. The reason why humanity had to spend 10 years in other worlds is also because one has to experience that many number of years to acquire the possibility of using mana.]

“Humanity excluding me.”

At Yu IlHan’s tackle, Erta showed a clear annoyance on her small face and continued speaking.

[Angel Rita used that point to strongly claim the assistance on the human Yu IlHan. While saying that it was seriously unfair to leave the dropout, who only trained his body a little, like this, she requested the dispatch of an angel to help him adapt to mana in a short period of time.]

When he heard that Rita stepped out for him, Yu IlHan felt his heart pound. Although they separated without being able to say their farewells, she also seemed to worry about Yu IlHan.

[Because of her strong claims, her request was approved. Rita wanted to take on the role herself, but due to the decision of the higher-ups who were worried about a human becoming too close to an angel, I was dispatched in her place.]

“Is that so.”

It would be a lie if he said he wasn’t disappointed, but he also thought that it was instead fortunate. He resolved to become a higher existence in order to meet Rita, but if they met for some random reason before that, wouldn’t he be fired up for nothing?

However, Erta had the expression of not liking the situation.

[But now that I’m here, the situation is a bit different to what she said.]

“What is?”

[How is this ‘a little’……]

While scanning Yu IlHan’s physical body which ascended into a new realm without the help of mana, she muttered with a small voice that couldn’t be heard by Yu IlHan.

Even considering 1000 years, the evolution of his body was at the level of being unbelievable. If the strong power of mana was added to this body, how far could this human grow? It was to the point that she was curious about it.

If they knew that he had trained his body until this point beforehand, then the dispatch of Erta wouldn’t have happened. However, Rita drived this work with a force that was never seen before with her, the moment she returned to Heaven, and her request which looked very reasonable on the surface was passed, prepared, and realized at the speed of grilling beans with lightning. And the situation Erta met was this.

However, an already realized thing wouldn’t be reverted. Erta, who descended with a mission, couldn’t return until she completed that mission.

In other words, they were all perfectly done in by Rita. To think she would use such a sly method even though she was an angel, who is supposed to be the most pure existence in the world!

Erta sighed again and spoke with a powerless voice.

[In any case, I’m planning to help you until you can use mana skillfully. So please learn it fast.]

“How will you help me?”

[It’s simple. A higher existence, me, just being near you activates the mana inside you. Recognition, control, use – in these regards, you would be able to adapt 10 or more times faster than ordinary people.]

In the past, when he didn’t have a single inkling of mana in his body, it was impossible even with Rita sticking to him for 1000 years, but now that the Great Cataclysm had occurred, 1 year was sufficient – this was Erta’s calculation.

Yu IlHan also didn’t know anything about mana so he could only nod his head at her words. He would just accept whatever she spoke of.

When the conversation ended, Erta flew and placed herself on his head. What are you doing? – he said while brushing his head, but Erta didn’t budge a a bit.

[I have magic cast on me to prevent recognition from other lower existences so you don’t need to mind.]

“……So you will continue to stay on top of my head in the future?”

[That is so.]

That was no good. Mostly, the 1.7 Terabytes of treasure in his hard drive (And one piled up during the countless years) was in a difficult position.

Even Rita didn’t stick to him all day, but to think an ambush like this would come now!

[I don’t care whatever a lower existence like you does. So you don’t need to worry.]

“You read my mind?”

For that instant, Yu IlHan seriously pondered whether to return the angel or not, but he couldn’t miss the opportunity to adjust to mana in just 1 year.

Yes, it’s one year. He needed to endure for just one year. Yu IlHan cried blood and accepted reality.

[I really don’t care if you breakdance, belly dance, or dance dance dance revolution.]

“I care! And you know what the last one is, right?”

The next day after humanity returned, the Korean morning was mixed with the anxiety that the world would change and a slight expectation for the changing society, it looked very lively on the surface. The people Yu IlHan saw, after leaving his house with Erta on top of her head, was like that.

If one ignored the soldiers in army uniform with guns securing the perimeter while walking due to the joint operation with the government.

“fuck, I was drinking with a woman at my side until yesterday morning……!”

“But it’s better than the climbers in the mountains, sir…… I heard monsters have already appeared.”

“If I kill monsters, I can at least level up! I need to find my Thunder Sword quickly!”

“Corporal Seo, The entire regiment knows that you didn’t earn a skill until the end in Guundia……?”

Yu IlHan shook away the breath of despair which would come his way in the near future and hurried to college. He thought that he walked slowly, but as it took the amount of time it would take him by car and he arrived early, he felt funny even when he himself thought about it.

He went to the humanities campus of Sungkyunkwan university. 

Befitting of being built within the city, Sungkyunkwan university was built on a hill that made its students seriously wonder whether it was commuting or climbing, thanks to using a small area of land as efficiently as possible.

Of course, that level was laughable for the current Yu IlHan.

The campus was filled with a lot of people. As most of them were young college students, they tended to think positively about what they became able to do rather than the crisis they were about to meet. And most of them were talking about a topic that Yu IlHan didn’t know about.

“Did you make a skill?”

“How about you? I managed to make one somehow.”

“Fuu. Two for me.”

Yu IlHan asked Erta with a small voice.

“……What does it mean to make a skill?”

[It means creating something to use in an attack somehow by combining tiny bits of mana and insignificant records. As a higher existence, in my view, even if you combine all the skills that they are boasting about, I think that it will pale in comparison to your concealment.]

“Concealment wasn’t a skill I wanted……!”

One could arbitrarily make skills? Anyway, this was something he didn’t learn yesterday. Yu IlHan perked up his ears and walked. New stimulation. New information. They were all things that he loved.

Anyway, the results.

“In the end, who was ‘Empress’?”

“Nobody knows. Does that make sense? It’s the sole Sung U’s person who flew her name for 10 years in Lanpas, and we don’t know.”

“But wouldn’t we know if monsters appear?”

“I don’t know. Maybe she would wear a mask again.”

He learnt that there was a woman called ‘Empress’ who showed mighty ability in the other world in his university, and.

“When would dungeons appear?”

“Even if it appears, you wouldn’t be able to go in, I think. There’s a level requirement. What level are you?”

“Level 7.”

“I’m level 4.”

“Huu.”

“shit……”

He learnt that there were places called dungeons in other worlds and that one needed to have high levels in order to enter it. Other than that, there weren’t many information that he could make out, but there was a reward just in knowing about dungeons.

Dungeon. It was a word that made a person’s heart pound.

In the lecture room he arrived quickly, there were already many people. To think that they attended school even after they spent 10 years in other worlds… Did they perhaps also miss the ordinary lives like Yu IlHan did?”

While soaking himself in emotion, he looked around the lecture room, but there wasn’t a person he knew anyway. It was trivial but what is the reason that he became sad all the time? Yu IlHan, who found an empty seat and sat down, was afraid that he might be heard by other people so he wrote the questions he had until now that he didn’t ask Erta.

‘What is a dungeon exactly?’

And when he held it up slightly, Erta, who was on top of his head, recognized that and spoke.

[It’s a trap.]

“A trap?”

As he heard an answer that was too unexpected, Yu IlHan ended up speaking out loud. However, his concealment was truly amazing and that level of voice wasn’t found out by the people around him. So sad.

[It’s a trap installed by God. By installing attractive baits for monsters, it attracts them and close the exit. The gathered monsters become trapped inside the dungeon, and unlike monsters, humans, who can freely enter and exit once they have the qualifications, can hunt with more safety.]

‘That’s also a consideration from God to the humans, huh. …… But Isn’t it over if they’re trapped? You can just leave it alone, right?’

[A dungeon is naturally destroyed after a certain period of time, so the monsters inside it have to be dealt with before that. In the first place, there are many monsters who don’t get caught in the trap, and there are many which can destroy it, and many that can camouflage as dungeons so carelessness is forbidden.]

While Yu IlHan and Erta were conversing, the professor came and the lecture started. However, the professor didn’t seem to have an intention to teach a lecture and the students didn’t seem to want to listen properly either. Yu IlHan, who expected a lecture after such a long time, became slightly disappointed.

“Every one of you will have to adapt fast to the changing society. The situation is that UN is already proposing the banning of indiscrete use of mana, and a regulation on levelling up, and strong countires including America and China, are focusing their attention to the changing environments and monsters due to mana. According to how Korea would act, countless industries would collapse and countless other industires would rise.”

During the entire 50 minutes of the lecture, the professor was haughtily spouting out what anyone could think up about. Thanks to that, Yu IlHan forgot the centuries of loneliness in an instant and waited earnestly for the end of lecture. No, he questioned if he needed to keep going to university in the first place.

In his life in the future, how much importance would a certificate of university graduation have? He could only shake his head. He just came as he knew how much worry his parents would have since they knew he couldn’t use mana.

If he became able to use mana, then he will stop going to a school where he’s ignored by everyone! It wasn’t his fault! It was the society, and the university who’s bad!

Erta spoke as if she predicted what he was thinking at that moment.

[The efficiency in training mana doesn’t become different no matter what you do in whatever place. No, there’s one.]

‘What is it?’

[Hunting monsters.]

‘I don’t like dangerous things.’

He couldn’t even use mana but she wanted him to confront monsters? It was Yu IlHan, who rejected thinking it was nonsense, but Erta spoke as if she knew that such a reaction would come.

[Like the humans on Earth having low levels right now, the monsters which would appear later and the dungeons too, would have low levels. It is because they came into contact with mana just recently. There may be high level ones or colonies from natural disasters, but that is, in the end, a special case, and it’s possible to recognize and avoid beforehand.]

‘Hmm. That’s true but……’

[Now that the absolute majority of the monsters are weak, it would be advantageous in the long term to adapt to mana faster by acquiring experience.]

Yu IlHan hated dangerous things. The countless years of immersing in self-training was, in the end, for him to not die meaninglessly after the Great Cataclysm. However, perhaps as a side effect, as countless years have passed, when he knew that it wasn’t dangerous, he had the boldness to unhesitatingly move his body once he was sure that there was no danger.

A typical example would be crossing the world to conquer libraries, and the one where he went out to sea on a fishing boat to reproduce the scene of Moby Dick.

At that time, he thought that it was necessary, but strictly speaking, it was close to the domain of amusement rather than the domain of training. He had acted unconsciously to not paralyze his mentality in the flow of the countless time.

‘……Good. I’ll have a go, then.’

This was the same. He judged that it wasn’t dangerous, and when he was assured that it would help his survival in the future, he expressed his will to ‘do it’ without a moment of hesitation. Erta spoke as she waited for this moment.

[You won’t be able to go inside dungeons as there is a level requirement. So you would have to hunt the monsters outside. Considering your level now, then wouldn’t you be able to kill monsters around level 25?]

‘……I’m still level 1, you know? I can’t even use mana, you know?’

[Instead, you have a monstrous physical body. I even said this considering that you don’t have a sturdy defensive equipment. If you have a good defensive equipment, then you will be able to hunt even higher level monsters.]

The problem was to find such monsters.

[Fuu. I’m a higher existence. To get away from you faster…… not that. To help your growth, I can help you finding monsters.]

“How?”

[If there is a monster nearby, then I can detect it.]

“……”

In the end, the route Yu IlHan chose was the internet again. Honestly, he didn’t expect much. He planned to leave with Erta as soon as the lecture ended.

However.

[fuck. People inside the building, never set foot outside from now on.]

[Who the hell lied? Outside right now is hell.]

[The inside is also hell. Can’t you see the building collapsing?]

[It’s the first time I saw soldiers shooting guns since I was born. shit. soldier bros are so cool.]

[Yeah. you’ll be able to shoot them soon ^^]

[Before training mana to level up, don’t we have to legalize arms first?]

The articles in a community website were slightly overexaggeratingly harsh. Yu IlHan clicked one of those articles, and not a long time later, one photo came up on the screen.

A hunting dog which grew to the size of a bull, was attacking a human with a fiercely twisted face.

It was too terrible to accept as reality, but the dog was too realistic for it to be a CG.

Yu IlHan raised his head. When did the lecture pause. Everyone, including the professor and the students stuck themselves on the window and looked down on the square.

He stood up slowly and approached them. While nobody paid attention to him. He looked down at the narrow grass square over the glass window.

They were there.

Insects the size of humans – monsters.



Chapter 7

While looking at that scene, Yu IlHan was unexpectedly calm. It was because he always thought that a day where this could happen would come.

Perhaps other people may also have some worry about this in some corner of their hearts. In fact, they may have more resolve than Yu IlHan. They experienced other worlds for the last 10 years. Wouldn’t everyone know well that the Earth is different from before the Great Cataclysm?

However, they had insufficient preparation. The fighting power to go against the monsters weren’t there no matter how they looked at it, and the levels of the monsters seemed quite high.

They either judged the situation wrong, or they don’t have the leisure to.

[Tutorials have already ended. Lord God has already given everything that he can to humanity. Humanity has to survive by itself from now on.]

Erta’s voice sounded quite distant. From that, Yu IlHan felt that she looked at the scene with different eyes. He was convinced that she wouldn’t help in anyway no matter how much energy she had.

Unless an unexpected element comes up.

It seemed like there were no casualties yet. However, lest their eyes fall on the buildings, it was a matter of time before a casualty occurs. Actually, they were slowly coming towards the building, that is, the Business Hall that the students along with Yu IlHan was in.

“Kyaaak!”

“What should we do? We gotta run!”

“Everybody calm down. The school has already contacted the……”

“Who wants to party with me and hunt that!”

“Here! One more casualty please!” 

“Run, fuck!”

“F, Finance Hall! Let’s run to the Finance Hall!”

“Isn’t the roof better!?”

The students who realized that danger was approaching, ran out the lecture room while screaming. The professor also sighed and followed them.

As a result, in an instant, Yu IlHan was left alone in the lecture room. If it came to this, it was suspicious whether he had a special skill to become a loner.

However, he also had no thoughts of sitting there quietly alone in the lecture room.

Yu IlHan looked over the window again, and sighed shortly.

And started moving.

[You’re planning to go, aren’t you?]

“They look much worse than a sperm whale. Isn’t this a good opportunity?”

[Monsters are different to animals. Skin…… Well, in their case, carapaces, become abnormally hard, and their motion capacity changes too. However, yes…… There doesn’t seem to be any that goes over 20 so it’s a good opportunity for levelling up.]

“Yeah. I don’t move it’s dangerous.”

While muttering in self-mockery, Yu IlHan looked around before approaching a desk and taking out its legs.

It was insufficient with just one so he pulled out all 4 of them and grabbed one in his hand while tying up the rest after ripping a part of his shirt and tied it around his waist and tightened it. That happened in 10 seconds after he was left alone.

[……Your handicrafts are neat.]

“Yeah. I was bored so I played around with some things and I got better at it.”

[Rita……!]

The abs that were revealed due to ripping his clothes were truly perfect. His physical body, which was trained to its extreme limits to become the peak of the living, was revealed slightly.

However it was his own body, so Yu IlHan ran out of the lecture room without reacting to that. At first, he was about to go straight to the square but he soon remembered that he was bare faced.

“No matter how high my concealment level is, they will recognize me if I stir up the square, right?”

[A mask is sufficient. It will probably increase the effect of concealment.]

If it was a mask, he could think up of one.

The underground stationery store of the Business Hall.

When his thoughts reached there, he quickly ran towards the stairs and jumped over the railings. He grabbed onto the pillar to slide down to floor B3. He ran to the stationery store and randomly picked an Ironman mask and put it on his face.

This was another 10 seconds. It was an inhuman reaction time.

“Shall we go?”

He jumped over the stairs to go to the ground floor and came out to the square. Coincidentally, a human sized mantis was in the middle of destroying the spinning door of the Business Hall.

[Kuiii!]

“Paha!”

With a strange shout, Yu IlHan’s body flew across the air. The moment his razor-sharp kick landed on the mantis’s head, its head burst with an unpleasnt ‘puk’ sound. It was a refreshing laughable insta-kill.

[Experience rises by 800.]

[You have become level 3. 2 Health, 2 Magic, 3 Strength, 3 Agility increases]

[You have awakened Close Quarters Combat lv Max. You can evolve it to the next level skill if you have the skill evolution materials.]

[You have earned the record of Lv13 Big Mantis.]

Texts that momentarily appear on his retina and disappear – With those, suddenly, a wondrous strength filled his entire body.

This was level, the system of strength that the creatures in the worlds that have come in contact with the Akashic Records have acquired.

It was the act of stealing the opponent’s records and even potential by stealing life.

He felt his muscles gaining strength. The millet-sized lump of mana which was emitting a faint light inside his heart, was very slightly increasing its size.

This was a truly marvelous and wonderful experience. And the other humans experienced this for 10 years? He felt as if he was dying due to being envious.

‘But from now, I’m no different.’

Yu IlHan landed on the ground and slightly smiled. It wasn’t just because he levelled up but because he was satisfied with his first fight with a monster. It was a different feeling from the animals that he hunted for disassembly. It was more fierce and heavy and thrilling.

The new information and new stimulation that Yu IlHan liked so much, was raising him to new heights. At that moment, Erta spoke with an uninterested voice.

[Did you open your eyes to the pleasure of violence?]

“Yes. I will definitely beat you up some time.”

The square which was full of insect monsters fell into silence again. They didn’t seem to think that their comrade will die so easily.

However that was brief. The monster’s gazes focused on the human that killed the Big Mantis.

[Kih!]

[Kiik kik!]

[Kuiiik!]

Perhaps because their comradery was strong, even the monsters that attacked other buildings became conscious of Yu IlHan and turned their bodies towards him and showed off their hostility. Their numbers were no less than 40.

While looking at that, Yu IlHan spoke with a calm voice.

“Now that I think about it. I didn’t learn how to fight groups.”

[Just cover it with your body! They can’t kill you with their ability anyway!]

Using Erta’s words as signal, Yu IlHan dashed out. The insect monsters also moved as if they were waiting for that moment.

[Kuiii!]

The first one to come at him was a pillbug which rolled itself up to roll towards him! Above it, there was a fly-looking thing that flew towards him while flapping its wings unpleasantly.

Yu IlHan burst the fly’s head first by throwing the desk leg at it, then he took out another short spear from his waist and smashed it towards the pillbug.

With a refreshing sound that sounded like splitting watermelons, the pillbug’s carapace burst away. The desk leg was amazingly still holding out.

[You have earned 700 experience.]

[You have awakened Spearmanship Lv Max. You can evolve it to the next level skill if you have the skill evolution maetrials.]

[You have earned the record of Lv11 Big Fly.]

[You have earned 850 experience.]

[You have become level 4. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases]

[You have earned the record of Lv14 Big Vulgare.]

“This is useful!”

[Above!]

They were giant mosquitoes seeming like the fly’s comrades. And it was 3 at once! Yu IlHan jumped using the pillbug’s corpse as foothold while clicking his tongue. After snapping the mosquito’s dangerously developed mouth, he swung his short sword to break its head.

[You have earned 400 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv7 Big Mosquito.]

At that moment, one of them swiftly went behind Yu IlHan and tried to bite him. Its mouth touched Yu IlHan’s back the moment he realized it, but unfortunately it failed to see Yu IlHan’s back. For a low level mosquito to pierce it, the tough skin had broken its mouth.

“How dare you!”

While letting go of the mosquito’s corpse, he jumped backwards and swung his short spear. When the short spear which hit cleanly on the mosquito’s mouth and smashed its head just like that and was shot down, the remaining one came at him with hostile flapping sounds, but even its tube was grabbed by Yu IlHan and could only be swung around.

[You have earned 300 experience.]

“Mosquito Strike!”

[Kuiii!]

Yu IlHan, who landed on the ground while grabbing the mouth of the mosquito, swung it and bullseye’d the giant honeybee that flew at him fiercely.

The mosquito was killed by the honeybee’s sting, and perhaps a honeybee was just a honeybee even after evolving as the honeybee also died just like that. It was truly a brave death.

[You have earned 350 experience.]

[You have earned 580 experience.]

[You have become level 5. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases]

[You have earned the record of Lv10 Big Honeybee.]

[To think it would die with its own attack, it seems like it wasn’t perfectly monsterized. But then, what is this level about…… hm……]

“Fuu, so refreshing!”

When he turned his gaze while ignoring Erta’s mutterings, coincidentally there was a mantis that looked exactly the same as the mantis he killed first, but just 1.5 times bigger, in front of him.

Immediately after he recognized that mantis, its scythes which shined dangerously, swooshed at him with no breaks.

“Tch!”

Yu IlHan, who limboed the scythe threw the short spear backwards in that position to sever the breath of the fly that flew at him from another direction. And when his 2 hands became free like that, he went and did a back tumbling just like that to distance himself from the big mantis.

[You have earned 380 experience.]

[There are monster reinforcements!]

[Kuiii!]

[Kuooon!]

Just where did they hide before coming out? Flies, mosquitoes, mantises, pillbugs, centipedes and even cockroaches! He moved his body while clicking his tongue.

“Heh!”

[Kuik!]

He grabbed the two remaining short spears in both of his hands and swung it without restraint to break open the insects’ heads. The insects that came like a swarm of bees fell powerlessly like mosquitoes in front of mosquito repellent incense.

[You have earned 700 experience.]

[You have earned 550 experience.]

[You have earned 950 experience.]

[You have become level 6. 1 Strength, 2 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases]

The body fluids of the insects soaked him but he didn’t mind. What if they were insects? The important thing now was the fact that those monsters were opponents that Yu IlHan could bring out his techniques from the long time of training!

Yu Ilhan, who rampaged like a crazy storm inside the monsters was already in a state of half selflessness.

And when some time passed.

Something flashed in front of his eyes.

“Mm?”

The honeybee which was about to sting him couldn’t even scream before falling onto the ground. When Yu IlHan raised his head, he met his eyes with a woman who held his out towards him, no, to be exact, to the honeybee which collapsed over the countless insect corpses.

With a woman who was wearing a cheap Hulk mask which was sold in the underground stationery store in Business Hall.

“No. I’m worse as Ironman ……!”

[Stop speaking nonsense and kill those monsters!]

As Erta’s point was truly reasonable, Yu IlHan cleaned out the monsters with effort even while pouting. The woman wearing the Hulk mask also emitted lightning bolts from her hands and attacked the monsters steadily. It was a truly strong destructive power.

[That’s an unbelievable amount of mana quantity. How can she grow that much in just one day……]

“Isn’t she levelling up like me?”

[Oh, it may be like that…… How did you know that mana recovers when you level up?]

“Because my stamina is recovering every time I level up!”

When Hulk mask joined the fray, the situation settled down soon. There weren’t many monsters in the first place, and her attacks also had the power to kill monsters in one strike.

But perhaps the military already knew that monsters invaded the school as not long later, several tens of soldiers on 2.5 ton trucks came. However, the scene they saw wasn’t one a where a square was full of monsters.

It was a scene where a man wearing an Ironman mask was splitting the last insect, a centipede, in half with a drop kick.

“I’m sorry. The fucking truck couldn’t climb the hill……Whoa!?”

[You have earned 1,250 experience.]

[You have become level 7. 1 Strength, 2 Health, 2 Magic increases]

While splendidly ignoring the soldiers, Yu IlHan muttered as he was fliping the centipede’s corpse.

“Isn’t there some Jewel of the four souls?”

[If you mean a magic stone, there is one.]

“Oh, there really is one?”

[Didn’t you say you learnt disassembly? For insect monsters, you have to take out the hardest part of the carapace, which became like that due to mana, and the magic stone. I will tell you the parts so do it now.]

“Okay. Wait a bit.”

Yu IlHan stepped on the joints of the smallest Big Mantis and pulled out the its scythe. The soldiers who were coming to the square stopped while being frightened after they looked at that scene.

“Who is that guy? What level is he?”

“How did he acquire that much strength in just one day?”

“That was a drop kick!”

Whatever the others said, Yu IlHan started the first monster disassembly of his life. He couldn’t eat the meat so he threw them away, and as Erta said, he took away the hardest part of the carapace and the magic stone.

The scythe of the Big Mantis was very sharp, so when it was in the hands of Yu IlHan, a disassembly meister, it sliced apart the monsters’ corpses as it became a peerless sword.

[You have awakened Disassembly Lv Max]

The soldiers were obvious and even the Hulk masked woman could only stare at his lively movements dumbfoundedly.

When they confirmed that all the monsters had disappeared, the people hiding inside the buildings also started crawling out but they also couldn’t approach Yu IlHan.

“Is this it?”

While cutting apart the centipede, a small blue stone rolled out. When he picked it up and asked Erta with a small voice, Erta nodded her head.

[It’s a magic stone. The crystalization of mana. It’s a high efficiency energy and at the same time, the origin of every artifacts.]

After Yu IlHan wiped it on the grass on the floor and put it in his pocket, he changed his target. Of course as he was a Korean man with manners, he didn’t touch the monsters killed by the Hulk masked woman. The corpses killed by the Hulk mask had unique traces of a burn so it was easy to identify.

It was not that every monster had a magic stone, and not every one of them had hard carapaces so there were less spoils of war then he thought. There were 8 magic stones with the size of a millet, 3 rice grain-sized ones, 1 soy bean-sized one, and a few carapaces the size of his head.

“Phew……Whoa.”

Yu IlHan raised his head like a farmer that just finished working on his field. But from some time, the Hulk masked woman was staring at him. Without moving from the place she appeared at the beginning.

The people who came out to the square, and the soldiers who came too late, gulped while looking at the confrontation of the two heroes.

It was the meeting of the two strongest in Seoul, no in the country of Korea as a whole, or perhaps even the whole world. How historical was this scene!?

“Uh……”

The Hulk masked woman carefully spoke. It was an unexpectedly calm and unflustered voice.

“Can you…… disassemble for me?”

Yu IlHan fell into thought for a brief moment before replying.

“How much will you give me?”

It was the first meeting of the dropout and the Empress.



Chapter 8

“30%……No, I willl give you 40%”

At the Hulk mask’s generous declaration, he unhesitatingly disassembled her worth. Hulk mask watched him while exclaiming at his high level disassembly technique that moved as if he became one with the mantis’ scythe. Of course, the others weren’t like that.

“That woman! She’s definitely Empress. She became a lot weaker but its 100% her with that lightning bolt!”

“She came to school today. She’s a student, right? Look at that body figure.”

“Quiet. If you get close, then you’ll get struck by lightning.”

“That’s what I want!”

“……But who in the end is that Ironman?”

As the citizens that they should protect had killed the monsters, the soldiers also stood there dumbfoundedly watching them. The second lieutenant-looking leader was also giving a report while deeply sighing, and the soldiers were all busy sneaking at the Hulk mask’s body figure, while calling her Empress and worshiping her.

He pitied the soldiers, who became soldiers in less than 1 day after 10 years of being in other worlds, but honestly, it wasn’t something that Yu IlHan could care about.

“And so, who’s that Ironman?”

“Oh yeah, now that I think about it, what was that attack technique? Did he shoot a beam from his palm?”

“Wasn’t it an axe?”

“He just swung the monsters around, though?”

Yu IlHan’s concealment skill was at a point where it half-distorted reality. He became very willing to tackle every one of those humans speaking nonsense, but he suppressed it and swung the scythe. From the fly’s ass, a magic stone emitting faint light flew into the air.

“Finished.”

Yu IlHan, who splendidly caught that in mid air clicked it towards the Empress and passed it. She received it before politely nodding her head.

“Thank you.”

The 40% worth was already taken by him under the negotiation with the Empress. Their greetings ended and transaction had ended so what was left was just the parting. The Empress put her spoils of were inside a bag she prepared beforehand and started walking after turning back.

“W, wai……Kek!”

Perhaps having received an order from the higher-ups, the second lieutenant approached her, but he solidified after getting struck by a weak lightning before he even approached 3 metres close to her.

He lightning, which could delicately stop movement to make someone stay away without injury, was running at the peak in regards to not only power, but control. If God looked at this scene now, then he would probably shout ‘Yes, I sent humans other worlds to see this!’

The gallery, who saw this, whispered to each other.

“Amazing.”

“Looks painful.”

“He must feel good.”

“He got a struck by lightning from the Empress, he must feel good……”

“I want to try getting struck too……”

“Are there only perverts here!?”

Immediately after the Empress left while attracting the gazes of the people, Yu IlHan, who organized his spoils of war, also stood up. He peeled the pillbug’s carapace to use it as a make-shift tray and piled the carapaces on top of it. The 4 desk legs were disposed of a long time ago.

People should start running at him soon, too. It would become a pain to carry his spoils of war out amidst that chaos. But it wasn’t like he could throw away the monster by-products. so what could he do?

Yu IlHan fell into panic like the time he was asked ‘do you like mother, or father?’ from his aunt when he was 5 years old.

However, his agony was meaningless. It was because when the gazes that focused on the Empress turned back to the original position, they couldn’t see Yu IlHan’s figure.

“Whoa, where did he go?”

“Amazing, he must have run at a speed we can’t see.”

“SungDaein Bolt……!” 

“SungDaein Bolt!”

Yeah, I knew this would happen.

Even though the situation went as he wanted, Yu IlHan couldn’t hide his complicated emotions. Especially, the fact that the second lieutenant was looking for Yu IlHan with a serious face but couldn’t find him, was heart-aching.

He left through the crowd of people while pouting. It was because he wanted to eat his mother’s food.

The time he recognized that he left his bag in the lecture room, was after he came down to the bottom of the hill.

That day, when he came back home (of course, he went back to get his bag), after Yu IlHan ate dinner with his mother, who greeted him overly delightedly due to the monster incident at the campus which was broadcasted to the whole country, and his father, who came home with a scared face due to some incident, Yu IlHan left his house quietly after locking the door while pretending to sleep inside his room. 

In his hands was a bag which contained the carapaces of the insects he hunted that day and some tools.

[Where are you heading?]

“Anywhere secluded.”

In truth, nights nowadays were all without human figures. It was because the nervousness of Korea, especially Seoul, reached the extreme due to the monsters that brazenly invaded the college campus in the afternoon.

He placed himself inside a random neighborhood playground and spread the carapaces out on the floor.

Yes. He came out to make some defensive equipment himself befitting of Yu IlHan, who couldn’t stay still without doing anything.

“As expected, it it a bit insufficient to make an armor? Moreover, it’s non-metal too…… It should be possible to make if it’s just the wrist and knee protectors.”

He wanted to make an armor by whatever means possible but insect carapaces were too hard to handle. As it wasn’t like he could melt it and process it like metal, so he had to go with a making a DIY furniture feel rather than a blacksmith feel.

But, Erta became worried even at that simple process.

[Monsters’ byproduct’s characteristics are very hard to handle. It’s better to not touch it rashly as there is no proper craftsman on Earth yet.]

“What are you saying?”

Yu IlHan retorted while wearing the work gloves.

[Oh…… Ritaaa!]

Erta seems like to like Rita a lot – Yu IlHan uninterestedly muttered before taking out a saw from the bag and started working. But Erta, who was watching him cutting the carapace with resignation, spoke.

[Even so, you were in a world without mana so you don’t know about mana crafting, right?]

“What is that, that awesomely strong sounding name!?”

[It refers to to putting a special power inside a defensive equipment or armor using mana crystals, including magic stones. In other words crafting artifacts.]

“Teach me!”

Yu IlHan’s eyes burned with passion for new knowledge and technique He lifted Erta up before placing her in front of his eyes and shouted as if to hypnotize her.

“Teach me!”

[You’re close, too close! I will teach you so put me back on top of your head!]

He obediently placed her back on hish head. Erta was taking deep breaths to forget Yu IlHan’s face, which came close to the point that she was about to get swallowed up (physically), and spoke.

[As the generalization of the process of making defensive equipment and armors using mana, which is not only on the physical body, strictly speaking, mana crafting is a concept that developed from blacksmithing.]

“I can’t do blacksmithing even if I want to right now. First, tell me the method to create an artifact.”

[Do I owe you something?]

“Teach m……”

[I said I will teach you!]

She would preach a grand sermon to Rita to manage her man properly when she goes back to heaven!

[The ingredients are the materials to create the armor and magic stones, or some other mana crystals of similar characteristics. For example, there would be a dragon heart.]

“Don’t use something so grand as an example. It makes my heart pound.”

Yu IlHan took out the magic stone while complaining. Erta continued speaking.

[First the basic form. You create the gear while putting the magic stone near you. After this process, called ‘synchronization’, and finish creating the gear, you then grind the magic stone into powder to apply it on the gear’s surface and wait for it to absorb.

“Then?”

[That’s it. Artifact masters call this ‘finish’.]

“What finish when it hasn’t even begun! I cannot acknowledge that as work!”

Erta’s words continued as if she predicted that Yu IlHan would complain loudly.

[Of course, there is an applied form. It’s a method used to bestow a special ability and not stopping with just raising the defensive equipment, or the weapon’s capacity.]

“Yes, you should have taught me that!”

[However, this method is not only very difficult for you, it also requires quite a lot of magic stones. Also important is the will of the craftsman.]

“Tell me first.”

Was he really a human who lived for 1000 years? With Yu IlHaan, who was stubborn like a short fused kid, in front of her, Erta spoke while carefully selecting her words.

[It’s the same until the synchronization part, but it goes through a process to bestow a directional nature onto the magic stone. This process is called the ‘bestowal’.]

“And to bestow a directional nature?’

[The easiest is for the craftsman to use mana, but even without, you use another magic stone to bestow a will to the magic stone.]

Will. Yu IlHan softly muttered.

[If you want the wielder to become stronger, then you wish for that, and if you want the person to become faster, then you wish for that, and if you want the person to have the ability to defend against fire, then you wish for that, and if you want the person to have the ability to emit fire, then you wish for that. The level of that ability will drastically differ according to the quality of the magic stone, the mana of the craftsman, and the craftsman’s will.]

And so, it was hard for the current Yu IlHan, Erta spoke as if she deemed as such.

It was because whether it was the quality of the magic stone, or Yu IlHan’s mana, or Yu IlHan’s will, in her eyes, it wasn’t above the lowest level.

As Yu IlHan also knew that he didn’t ask her back. Instead, he spilled out the magic stones inside the bag and silently entered work.

Knee guard to protect both of his knees, and wrist guards. He randomly cut, sanded, holed, sanded, connected with a strong leather rope, and sanded.

It was easy to think that it was crude due to being a product of a simple work, but the protectors that Yu IlHan made were created to fit him, so it looked quite, considerably good.

It wasn’t satisfying in an angel’s eyes, but Erta had no choice but to acknowledge the fact that the equipment he made transformed splendidly to the point that it would be hard to recognize it was once a part of a monster.

After creating defensive equipments, Yu IlHan neatly powdered the rough magic stones, which went through synchronization, and applied it on each of the protectors.

Despite being a process that he had never done since he was born, all of his movements were extremely efficient and neat. It was to the point that the angel, Erta, thought ‘elegant’ while looking at it.

[Is it a familiar process?]

“It’s not that, but I realized after doing a lot of things until now…… the fact that labor is just finding the trick.”

[If you didn’t say that at the end, it might have sounded cool.]

He spoke as if it was a joke, but that was a huge realization for Yu IlHan. He acquired the ability to see through the most efficient process and apply it in real work no matter what he worked on. It was a power that was applied to not only just simple labor, but smithing, disassembly, and martial arts.]

Erta was laughing at it, but if she knew the meaning behind the words Yu IlHan said, then she would be shocked. This was an absolute power which cannot be materialized even as a skill.

[You’ve learned mana crafting!]

The ‘basic form’ knee guards and wrist guards were completed. Erta was dumbfounded while looking at it and muttered.

[You’ve really made an equipment like this even with those shabby materials……With this level 27, no, you may even be alright in confronting level 30 monsters. Considering your fighting ability, then it should be sufficient.]

“It’s not over yet. There’s still magic stones left.”

Magic stones were definitely left. And it was the biggest one of them, the soybean sized one, and about 4 millet sized ones which paled in comparison.

Erta instantly realized after looking at components. He was challenging ‘applied form’ right now.

[It’s impossible.]

“I’ll try it as experience.”

Yu IlHan also didn’t assure himself that it was possible currently. He was assured that he would be successful some time, if he kept trying.

Yu IlHan achieved success until now like that. Alone, he did all of them.

This was Yu IlHan’s life.

Erta, who realized that Yu IlHan didn’t have any thoughts to stop, shrugged her shoulders and didn’t interfere any further. It was because that the equipments that were already finished were products that surpassed her imagination, and that throwing away some magic stones like that wasn’t that important in regards to safety.

At that moment, Yu IlHan took out something from the bag. The only part which was not carapace from the spoils of war. It was the Big Mantis’ scythe.

[……What are you trying to do?]

“Just watch.”

On one hand, he held all the millet sized magic stones, and on the other, he held the left wrist protector, Big Mantis’ blade, and the soybean sized magic stone.

While looking at Yu IlHan’s incomprehensible actions, Erta questioned if he understood what she spoke or not.

Regardless of whether the angel thought that or not, Yu IlHan focused with closed eyes.

‘By using the mana of the magic stone……will……!’

The millet sized magic stones started lost their light and crumbled apart one by one. Yu IlHan didn’t understand well about mana yet, but this process helped him feel mana more clearly.

He concentrated more, fearing that he would lose the faint feeling that he caught onto.

‘Scythe…..like the mantis……!’

The millet sized magic stones eventually all disappeared. However, the soybean sized one, which was on the brink of failing, seemed to emit light before the scythe started emitting blue light as if to respond to it.

[……Ah, perhaps?]

Erta, who knew what was happening by then, ended up thinking that it was disappointing for his attempt to fail just like this.

‘Eii. I don’t know anymore.’

She flowed a tiny amount, a really tiny amount which was unnoticeable by Yu IlHan, in to the protector. At that moment, the soybean sized one flashed brightly before it disappeared with the scythe.

What was left was only the left wrist protector.

[Mana crafting increases to Lv2!]

[Did it fail?]

“No.”

Yu IlHan confidently replied before equipping the wrist protector and tightening it.

After confirming that he equipped it properly, he exhaled shortly and rushed towards one of the swings which was swinging near him.

He brushed past it without coming into contact.

However, the moment he brushed past the swing, the two chains that connected the swing were severed and the swing was buried into the sand.

Yu IlHan posed himself immediately and raised his left arm.

[Oh.]

“You see it, right?”

From the middle of the protector which completely covered the wrist, sharp scythe protruded out at a 90 degree angle to his arm. A sharp scythe which would stay hidden normally and would pop out when he wanted. This was his intention.

“I’ll get busy.”

[Although I did provide some mana, I didn’t know that you would be successful in crafting an artifact for real. You’ve realized its possibility so you will indeed get busy.]

“No, not that.”

Yu IlHan quickly organized his belongings and put his bag over his shoulders. Then started running hard.

“I broke the swing so I gotta run!”

[I will use a recovery magic so get over here right now!]

Yu IlHan still haven’t let go of his habits to treat things roughly, which he acquired during his dropout days.



Chapter 9

The day after he exorcized the low level monsters, Friday – That day, Yu IlHan left home to go to college again.

Despite the fact that there were no lectures on Fridays.

“You’re going to college, son? Be careful, run away if you see monsters. It would be good if you just rest at home.”

“Today will be alright. Mom, you stay at home and don’t go out, okay?”

Yu Ilhan had succeeded in making a blank Friday somehow during his course registration for first year, which he didn’t even remember now, but it was more stifiling for him to stay at home now.

This was because the only thing he could do at home was to eat popcorn in his room due to his mother receiving a positive bonus on her child-worrying skill due to the 10 years of separation.

But he also couldn’t tell his worried mother that although he couldn’t use mana, he was so awesomely strong because his body developed to the extreme. The easiest path was to fool his mother, who couldn’t remember her son’s lecture timetable after 10 years, and come outside.

‘I know how she feels, but…’

And that was exactly the reason he had to move. To become as strong as possible before dangerous monsters come out, to acquire strong skills and get used to mana, to protect his mother and father and for him to live well.

“I want to have a workshop. I want a car too.”

[You need to earn money.]

“I want to use mana quickly.”

[You need to level up.]

“I also want to make a good defensive equipment.”

[You need to kill strong monsters.]

That’s right. All conclusions required for him to hunt monsters!

Therefore Yu IlHan wore a big bag over his shoulders, and was walking with the cloth-wrapped steel spear in his hands. He was looking for monsters himself.

Of course, although the current Republic of Korea was in the middle of being on guard as if it were a war due to the simultaneous monster incidents, such as the campus monster invasion incident, for Yu IlHan, who even evaded God’s eye before, evading the eyes of the military humans who were unknown whether they were from the Korean military or were idiots, was easy.

No, even so, it would be alright for one of them to find him, but nobody saw him as if they purposely looked away. It was a sad thing.

“Can we really find monsters this way?”

[Are you looking down on me, a higher existence? I will find it even if a slime comes out through a gap on the ceiling air conditioner so believe me.]

Even with the big talk from the self-claimed monster radar, Erta, he only snorted. At that moment, inside a store he was passing by, he saw a somewhat familiar scene inside the big TV. He automatically stopped his steps and looked at the screen. And when he did, he knew instantly.

It was the campus of the college he went to. Not only that, the ones rampaging there was the Ironman mask and the Hulk mask!

[The government is tracking these people who rescued the people by appearing suddenly on the disaster scene and defeating the monster horde.]

[The two ability users, who are thought to be related to Sung****kwan university, immediately appeared after the monster horde appeared inside the campus and defeated all the monsters before a casualty occurred and suddenly disappeared. The researchers named these people ‘overbalanced’ ability users, and they are estimating that their mana adaptability was way too high and that they had recovered and raised several skills immediately after the return.]

You don’t have the qualification to research yet!

[Disasters are occurring in many parts of the world due to the Great Cataclysm. Many people are expressing their worry at the rapid proliferation of monsters, and are demanding fast countermeasures from the government. The government is aiming to create an elite ability users’ unit with these two ‘overbalanced’ as the center……]

There was no value to listen to it anymore. He was already annoyed due to not being able to use mana and they called him ‘overbalanced’? If he wanted to follow his temper, he would’ve swung his spear, but when he thought about how he had to listen to a power sermon from Erta after he snapped the swing, the raging anger also calmed down.

He snorted with a humph and left that place.

Of course, he wasn’t that honorable to cooperate with the government. The things Yu IlHan had to protect was first himself, then his family.

In the end, what remained in his head from the news just now was one person.

“That Hulk mask, she was called Empress, wasn’t she?”

[Are you interested? Although I didn’t see her face due to the mask, her body figure was exceptional. Well, if the level is high, then she will become pretty due to the racial correction, so it might be worth it to look forward to. Anyway, men are all…]

“No, I’m not interested in that direction.”

[Really?]

“Yes.”

It was a very Yu IlHan-like rejection, who can’t lie very well.

Erta thought ‘impotent?’ at that moment when she heard the answer. It was because even in her, an angel’s, view, the charm of the one called Empress was unordinary.

However, of course Yu IlHan wasn’t impotent. This was something that Yu IlHan himself had questions about: he didn’t feel that much excited even if he saw a very pretty woman or a woman with exceptional body figure. It definitely wasn’t like this from the beginning. Before being left out, it was normal.

It was the same with the ‘treasure’ that shone brightly behind the screen and not just real women. Worrying for his son who didn’t react no matter how much put his strength into, he could only give it energy after trying many different genres. It was no different now.

He didn’t think about the reason until now for some reason, but now that he thought about it, he realized the reason instantly.

“It’s probably because I’m too used to Rita’s looks.”

[Oh.]

Erta agreed with a sad voice.

[It’s probably that. You spent so much time with Rita, a higher existence, so you’re no different from being impotent with human women as a partner……]

“I’m not impotent, not an impotent!”

As it was a sensitive topic, Yu IlHan ensured that point. However, the fact that no one glanced his way even though he shouted impotent, impotent in the middle of the street, made him even more miserable.

He lowered his voice, despite the fact that no one paid attention to him, and spoke to Erta as if emphasizing.

“The thing I’m talking is about that power. the ability to use mana.”

[……Oh, as expected. It’s not such a special thing compared to you who can process monsters’s carapaces without mana. The name of ‘Empress’ is truly grand but the reason why God sent humanity to other worlds is to create cases such as that woman.]

“Except me.”

[Except you, who can pancosmically hide his presence.]

Yu IlHan thought that Erta became more eloquent with her words faster than Rita. Even while doing that, he moved was continuously moving his body.

[Wait. We finally found one. it’s near.]

At one moment, Erta stopped him. Her solid tone of voice indicated that it wasn’t anything common. Yu IlHan asked carefully with a voice comprable to picking potato chips with his hands.

“How many?”

[70].

I beg your pardon? In his surprise, Yu IlHan was almost about to reply in English.

[It’s the presencen of a monster horde with a level 35 Direwolf as the head. Not in a dungeon, but on a field.]

“Do you perhaps remember what you said to me yesterday? You said that high level monsters wouldn’t appear since it’s the initial stages of the Great Cataclysm. Didn’t you say that even if they appeared, it would be in dungeons?”

[They didn’t fall for the trap. Due to the fact that their intelligence was too high.]

When Yu IlHan sighed due to the absurdity, Erta sighed even more magnificently than him before speaking.

[Truthfully, I thought it was strange even yesterday. No matter how I think about it, there’s a problem with a large number of level 10+ monsters appearing.]

“And you reacted so calmly then.”

[I didn’t want to show a ripple to a lower existence.]

Erta’s tone of voice while replying was strangely cold. Was Rita also like this in the past? To Erta, who built a too sturdy and thick wall between them, Yu IlHan became a bit fed up.

Emphasizing her own position and secretly disdaining her counterpart made her seem like a haughty ojou-sama. He wanted to see Rita’s face, who he was used to like his real sister.

At that moment Erta spoke as to interrupt his thinking.

[However, now, I have to request cooperation from you so I will tell you honestly. The current state of Earth is not normal.]

It seemed as if just speaking while standing still was a waste of time as Erta pulled his hair to indicate him to go in a certain direction. While experiencing the feeling of a giant robot, controlled by a hero, Yu IlHan dashed out while Erta continued speaking.

[You must already know that during the mass migration of humanity, in other words, during your dropout period, all life forms except humans were left on Earth.]

“Well, yeah, since I disassembled some of them. Rita was noisy about killing a small number of them.”

[There was no choice but to do that to match the balance of the world. We can’t be too biased towards humans so…… Anyway, you must also know that they weren’t allowed changes unlike you.]

“Yeah.”

[Lord God deemed that that was enough. He had thought that it wouldn’t be a problem even if he left them alone for 10 years before humanity came back.]

Somehow, Yu IlHan felt that he knew what she wanted to say.

[However, due to an unknown mistake, the time axis of Earth became very off, and while 10 years passed in other worlds, on Earth, one thousand years had passed.]

“A thousand years!?”

And as expected, Yu IlHan was surprised at that part!

“I thought it was about 150 years!”

[It was a thousand years.]

“Not 300 years, 500 years?”

[Millenium!]

“Mommy!”

Regardless of whether Yu IlHan was frightened at the past years, Erta pressed on.

[Although it is said that they were reset at the point that humanity came back, but it didn’t manage to revert their mentality. It’s a thousand years. If animals, who are suppose to live 10 years, lived for 1000 years without dying, then it would instead be strange that they don’t change. And it happened at the exact moment the restriction on time disappeared, dramatically.]

“Just the conclusion.”

[It’s highly possible that the monsters that will appear on Earth will be absurdly strong and intelligent compared to other worlds.]

“We’re doomed……”

[We exist for that to not happen.]

Erta declared. Even Yu IlHan, who felt distant at her arrogant, emotionless words just now, felt that she was cool when she said those words to the point that he felt favourable towards her again.

[I’ve already reported to heaven, and to tune the balance, everybody is moving. However, it will take time for that to implemented. Yu IlHan, do you have any thoughts in moving quite busily just until then? A suitable reward will be waiting for you if you do.]

Erta was saying this – Become the human shield until the weapons are prepared.

Yu IlHan replied while smiling bitterly.

“It sure sounds painful and difficult.”

[I won’t deny that.]

He stopped in his place. And spoke his honest feelings.

“And so I like it!”

It was a masochistic thought even when he thought about it, but Yu IlHan liked moving better than spacing out doing nothing. Now that he had lived for countless years, or as Erta said, 1000 years, he had changed like this.

Moreover, he even thought to be enthusiastic if it was approaching the unknown that no one had experienced.

If he didn’t die.

“If I think I’m about to die, I will run away, though.”

[There’s no way you will die. You are underevaluating your own ability.]

Erta snorted. She already saw a fragment of Yu IlHan’s ability. Yesterday, she saw his overwhelming fighting ability against multiple monsters, she saw a scene where he created an artifact worthy of evaluation using monsters’ byproducts,

and she saw the steel spear that he took out while leaving his house today.

Erta was meticulously misevaluating him. Level 30 monster? Don’t joke. He wasn’t someone who would struggle with monsters at that level. The power and technique, trained to breach the limits, inside his body was proving that fact!

[The Monsters will show up soon. And they will bare their fangs to devour humans to reach higher heights. So before that.]

Yu IlHan’s steps became faster.

Wwearing the Ironman mask on his face, he gripped the steel spear, shining under the sunlight, after unwrapping the cloth and stepped out.

Now, he also felt it. A murderous intent on a different level he felt in the campus!

Erta shouted.

[Pull out all their fangs. Oh, Exectutor!]



Chapter 10

His thoughts became complicated. The time he randomly thought ‘it shouldn’t be over 200, right?’ was actually 1000 years, and the animals who had matured well like him evolved into monsters to take revenge for the 1000 years of solitude……

[Kuhaaan!]

But so what.

After finding the horde of monsters that showed themselves on the streets, and the leader-class huge Direwolf which led them, Yu IlHan thought while moving faster.

No matter how long the time that had passed was, it couldn’t change his current situation.

Even if the monsters on Earth were stronger than those in other worlds, I don’t even know how strong they are since I neve went there! Fuck, so it’s none of my business! – he thought.

There was one thing that was sure.

That I’m stronger than that thing!

[Kuhoaaang!]

His steel spear stabbed head on in the giant Direwolf’s face, which didn’t know that Yu IlHan was approaching thanks to his passive concealment.

The spear which was accurately stabbed between its eyes, pierced everything from its spike-like fur, hard skin, the complexly formed muscle, its flesh which strangely tightened to block foreign substances, and the bone which developed to be stronger than steel, to smash its brains.

[You have earned 12,904 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv35 Brown Direwolf.]

[You have become level 9. 4 Strength, 2 Agility, 2 Health, 2 Magic increases.]

[You cannot become Level 10 without obtaining a class. All records acquired before obtaining a class will be calculated after generating a class.]

[All of your records will be materialized into possibilities. From the following jobs, you can select……]

At the same time the enormous experience and record that the Direwolf had was all absorbed by Yu IlHan, countless texts appeared on his retina.

However, Yu IlHan had to move his body quickly without even the opportunity to recognize that. It was because the monsters on the streets attacked him fiercely, much less being frightened after their leader died.

“Fuck, monsters!”

“So many……One man is fighting them!”

“Wait, I will emit fire from my hands!”

“Soldiers! Really, these guys are never here when we need them!”

At almost the same time as Yu IlHan’s preemtive strike, the people moved around chaotically after they recognized that monsters were attacking. Whether it was running away quietly, calmly reporting, looking for the military, or looking for signs to shield themselves in.

They didn’t seem to have gone to other worlds for 10 year for nothing as they reacted calmly to the monsters, but amidst of them, a few clumsy people were trying to show off their non-existent fireballs with their non-existent mana.

[Kuhwaaa!]

And a wild dog which disdained that man barked lowly and attacked him. Yu IlHan, who half-expected that situation, swung his spear once to throw them all apart and kicked off the ground.

The moment the strength stored in his body kicked the ground, it was purely turned into thrusting force and his body shot out like a cannon ball.

After focusing his strength by leaning forward in that state, Yu IlHan pointed the spear towards the front with both of his hands. At the end of the trajectory that the spearhead drew was the wild dog’s head which was about to assault the man.

[Kak!]

[You have earned 1,700 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv18 Wandering Dog.]

For a dog, it has a too cool of a name!

While tackling only in his heart, Yu IlHan landed on the ground. The monsters which didn’t deviate their gazes from him from the beginning, glared Yu IlHan with a ‘I will kill that guy and live’ gaze while shortening their distances with Yu IlHan, after their comrade died. Anyway, it was fortunate that other people weren’t in danger now.

“Step back.”

Yu IlHan warned shortly while looking back. However, the man who was rescued after failing to shoot fire from his hands, was surprised when he saw the Ironman mask that covered Yu IlHan’s face and shouted.

“I, Ironman mask……!?”

Someone who heard that blurted out.

“Perhaps, Sungdaein Bolt!?”

“What, did you just say Sungdaein Bolt!?”

“That cheap Ironman mask……It’s the real Sungdaein Bolt!”

From some time, that embarassing nickname was spread out loud! Yu IlHan hid his feelings to cry and turned back. His feelings were complicated – he was slightly happy that his name was known, but he was still sad.

“I said step back!”

“Cheer up, Sungdaein Bolt!”

“Wow, so strong. Just how many levels did he level up in one day to become like that?”

“He got his 2nd job, definitely.”

The returnees were adapting too well to the situation. They all distanced themselves and watched the fight. Someone even took out a smartphone and recorded Yu IlHan’s fighting on a video.

Yu IlHan thought it was truly fortunate that he was wearing a mask and swung the steel spear. His spear, which would have already been ripped apart if it was made of ordinary steel, was in reverse, showing its might by breaking all their teeth.

[You have earned 3,300 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv26 Grey Wolf.]

[You have earned 1,950 experience.]

[You have earned 1,500 experience,]

Countless texts were printed on his retina. He thought that not levelling up despite killing so many of them was related to class or whatever that popped up when he killed the Direwolf, but as the monsters didn’t even give him room to rest, he had no time to read and confirm it.

Of course, these things were insta-kills so it didn’t matter if he levelled up or not!

But it was when he decreased the number of monsters about 20. From the hole where the monster horde first apeared, a big sized wolf popped out and howled loudly.

[Guwuuuh!]

[It’s the second strongest. It seems like it’s passing some sort of order down so be careful.]

“……So they can even pass the authority of control and even give orders, eh?”

At Erta’s warning, which made him instantly realize that the monsters’ intelligences were high, he turned the gear upwards in his heart.

I can’t hear what the people were chatting loudly about back there. The important thing was me, and the things I had to kill with my spear. – he thought

At that moment, 5 wild dogs, which were distancing themselves from him and only watched while on guard, attacked him simultaneously.

[Kuhaan!]

Left leg, right leg, right arm, left shoulder, head. Their figures of attacking different parts of his body when assaulting him reminded him of the humans’ bullying.

“Fuu…….Hap!”

When he saw that, the move Yu IlHan chose was attacking. If he fell back, then his posture would become unstable and be in a state where he would receive continuous attack easily; and if he defended, then he will get bitten somewhere.

Stepping out with his right foot, he leaned forward and shot the spear to smash the head of the one aiming for his right leg, with its corpse still stuck on the spear, he swung it and sruck the one aiming for his left leg.

The strength stat that should be calculated to several tens of levels suppressing the wild dog’s body was truly a frightening scene.

[You have earned 1,300 experience.]

[You have earned 1,250 experience.]

However, by that time, the third dog was already within 10cm of his left shoulder. A trajectory that wouldn’t hit even if he swung the spear. He let go of his left hand holding the spear and swung his arm. At that moment, the sharp scythe that popped out from his wrist cut apart its mouth.

[Kyaaak!]

He retracted his left arm to hold the spear with both of his hands, and he smashed hard on the ground with the spear while stepping out with his left foot.

After getting rid of the dog’s corpse with that shock, He struck upwards with both the 4th and 5th dog in the trajectory which were about to bite his head and right arm respectively.

“Hup!”

[Au?]

[Kuhung!]

The moment after the sharp spearhead shined due to the sunlight, the two’s bodies snapped in half and was trashed onto the ground.

[You have earned 1,400 experience.]

[You have earned 1,330 experience.]

Lastly Yu IlHan finished the fight by stepping on one of the dog’s head, which was wailing on the ground and had half of its mouth gone. He had finished five of them in a blink of an eye.

[Kahang.]

However, the wolf which watched that cried short as if he disdained it. The moment Yu IlHan raised his head while thinking to smash it apart after rushing up, a different scene came inside his view.

“Kkuk, Please… help me…….!”

[Kuoohh.]

Did it have an objective to distact him from the beginning? It had procured a ‘hostage’ by moving fast in those few seconds.

Where? The hostage wasn’t from the streets. The crowd from the streets were also shocked after they recognized that there was a hostage, and that was just now. There were many kinds of humans such as those who ran away too late fearing that they would also be captured and humans resolving to rescue the hostage.

However he was able to realize soon. The time that these monsters appeared and the time that Yu IlHan found these monsters couldn’t have been the same.

So, in other words, these things have already assaulted once or maybe more, and may have procured the hostage from then.

It looked at Yu IlHan. Its disgusting-looking mouth and the protruded fans seemed as if it was lauging at Yu IlHan.

Although Erta said that killing humans to earn experience and record was a monster’s instinct, it was even temporarily suppressing its instinct to try to corner Yu IlHan.

The aim of that action is to suppress Yu IlHan’s actions. That wolf had the most simplest but efficient scheme to defeat Yu IlHan by attacking his weak poitn while he couldn’t move properly due to minding the human under its foot.

It was a strategy only possible because of having seen through human psychology.

And if it really thought that, then it had judged Yu IlHan wrongly. Because the moment he saw that, Yu IlHan threw the spear in a straight line without any hesitation.

[Kak!]

The moment Yu IlHan showed movement, the wolf panicked and put a little strength into his foot, but returning the spear that was already out of his hands was impossible even for Yu IlHan. It had become a situation where threatening didn’t work.

The wolf which figured that out not too late, tried to kill the hostage then avoid the attack. And the moment it thought that and was about to put strength into its foot, the steel spear penetrated its head.

[You have earned 6,700 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv32 Cunning Big Wolf.]

Yu IlHan thought of himself as an ordinary human.

He wanted to save a person if that person was in a crisis, and would help even if he had to exert himself if he could. To him, who had lived for 1000 years without human presence, a living and breathing human had become a precious existence.

However, if he was asked ‘can you put yourself in danger to do that?’ then he would just laugh it over. That should be the same for other people. A person had to respect his/her own life as much as he/she respected others’ lives.

Just that was what was different for him from criminals, was that it was possible to judge the situation instantly and move and not show panic in the face of a crisis like other people, who may even be selfish.

[Guoohhh!]

[Kiii!]

Immediately after Yu IlHan threw the spear to kill the Big Wolf, the remaning wolves and wild dogs simultaenously assaulted him.

It was obvious that they were trying to do something now that he had lost his weapon, but their current actions were also a bad move. This was because Yu IlHan’s body, which learned all kinds of martial arts with Vale Tudo at the beginning, was a weapon enough to kill them even without the unique rank steel spear.

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan laughed at the fact that he could now relieve some anger when he was coincidentally feeling down, and he threw his body towards them.

[Keng!]

[Kak!]

[Yelp!]

“Wow, even on dog days I wouldn’t be able to kill that much.”

“Did you see that eye-poke? Look at him poking the eyes with his index and pinky fingers just because their eyes are wide. Such a meticulous guy, that!”

“Someone save that girl. Quickly! She’s about to be run over by monsters!”

“2nd platoon, move out fast!”

And at that moment, the soldiers had arrived at the scene. Fortunately, as they had arrived before the monsters’ indiscrete rage, due to having lost their leader, spread to the civillians, succeeded in dragging out the collapsed hostage before she was injured.

And after that to suppress the monsters they……

“Don’t shoot! Sungdaein Bolt is inside there!”

“You should’ve come earlier! soldiers are as slow as always!”

“W, wait! Hold your fire, didn’t you hear that there’s a person!?”

They had to retract their barrels while panicking due to the people’s barrage of complaints before they even got to shoot. Meanwhile, Yu IlHan severed the monsters breath one by one while moving like water.

After he thrashed the 2 leaders, it didn’t seem like there was a new one to take the lead so the monster’s fighting methods became instantly simple, and Yu IlHan, who was rampaging, could process all the monsters at that place within 3 minutes.

It was a truly dominating battle.

[You have earned 1,100 experience.]

“Fuu.”

After Yu IlHan severed the last wild dog’s breath, he sighed at the fatigue that came at him and raised his head. The same type of gazes that looked at him after he rampaged at the college campus yesterday were mercilessly striking him.

And there was one that gave him the most fierce gaze, and it was the gaze of the platoon leader. It was a second lieutenant that had a pressed berret on her head. She shouted while looking directly at the Ironman mask that Yu IlHan was wearing.

“I finally found you. Sungdaein Bolt!”

Are you the main culprit behind the rumors!



Chapter 11

The soldiers drove away the civillians with the excuse that monster might appear again.

Even if they went to other worlds for 10 years, the civillians couldn’t boast about themselves in front of rifles, right? The people obediently left.

“Fuu. It’s fortunate that we meet you again like this.”

How could both of the soldiers that he met two times be both women? He was curious but that was that. He could tell what the soldiers wanted to say to him without asking.

As for the reply the reply, Yu IlHan had already prepared one.

“I’ve looked for you a lot. Really, why did you leave when a person was about to speak to you?”

I didn’t go… I was packing up right in front of you…- he thought.

“Ha, I wouldn’t be treated like this if I wasn’t wearing a military uniform…… I’m really frustrated. I should just throw all of it away or something.”

“Second lieutenant. Sungdaein Bolt isn’t listening to your words right now.”

Yu IlHan moved his hand up to hold the spear by the head as he started to dismantle the monster bodies while using it as a knife. It was unbelievably uncomfortable, but he had no choice as the leathers of the wild dogs and the wolves couldn’t be cut without the sharpness of his spear. He could schedule a day to make a knife.

And for that, too, he needed a personal workspace.

“Just! Listen when a person’s talking!”

“I’m not listening. I’m not doing it. I’m not helping.”

Yu IlHan replied shortly.

“So you don’t have to say anything.”

“D, do you perhaps have any feelings against the country or the military……?”

He didn’t have anything against them. He, too, felt proud when the Korean sports representatives in world-scale competitions achieved good results, and he also believed that there was a value in Korean history and tradition. He never regretted being born Korean.

It was just that such a sense of belonging to the country cannot direct Yu IlHan’s choices, and his fate. Just that.

Yu IlHan, who was peeling the wild dogs’ skins in a blink of an eye, questioned whether he really needed to take the wild dogs’ bodies when there were a lot of wolf bodies.

Due to the level differences, the dogs’ leather, teeth, and bones were obviously weaker than that of the wolf’s. Of course, it was frightening that it had higher defensive stats than steel plate armor.

“The dog bodies, would you like to buy them? I will dismantle it for you.”

With Yu IlHan, who changed his attitude as if flipping a hand when a matter came up, even after he said he wouldn’t talk, in front of her, the female second lieutenant was dumbfounded.

However, the moment that Yu IlHan turned his head while saying that it was fine if they didn’t need them, she came to her senses and shouted urgently.

“I’ll buy! We’ll buy them!”

“Then I’ll sell it to you.”

“If possible the magic stones too……”

“I won’t sell those.”

“Yes!……Tch.”

Yu IlHan bargained with the second lieutenant while he kept dismantling the dogs. The second lieutenant said that she didn’t have the authority to decide and contacted her superiors, and those superiors who learned well that they needed to use the monster’s bodies in the end to go against the monsters, accepted Yu IlHan’s offer right away.

However, in truth, monsters were appearing in the whole world and not just Korea. Of course, strong monsters, such as the Direwolf that Yu IlHan killed, didn’t appear, but sightings of those as strong as the [Wandering Dog] were quite frequent, and those were in the range of what the K-2, K3, and grenades from the strong Korean military friends could manage.

But why did they nod their heads when Yu IlHan said that he will sell the bodies? That was because of the state of the bodies.

The strong friends from the military shoots guns when they meet monsters. Even soldeirs confident in their physical ability would shoot guns.

Just those at the level of the Wandering Dog would have unbelievably thick skin, so they needed to use several tens of rifile bullets, and sometimes grenades to kill them with no difficulties. As a result, the state of the corpses would normally be horrible to look at.

The leather would be damaged to the point of being considered trash, and the bones would shatter. So, although it may be possible to use it for research, it would be impossible to use it on its own.

In contrast, how was the state of the bodies of the Wandering Dogs that Yu IlHan hunted?

Even otherworlders would raise up their thumbs as they looked at Yu IlHan, who would insta-kill monsters, with the least amount of damage, and call him the best hunter.

Even that would be a good deal for them, but if his dismantling skills were also accounted for, then they would become speechless. The scene where the intact corpses separated into leather, bones, and meat as if they were like that from the beginning, was passed to the second lieutenant Han YeoRang’s superiors without problems no matter how bad the quality of her phone camera was.

‘Second lieutenant Han, don’t ever let him go. Drag him here using any means other than violence!’

“But he says that he will never talk with us.”

‘Even if you have to use a honey trap, drag him here!’

The strong friend and ‘beauty’ second lieutenant Han YeoRang, who heard the word ‘honey trap’ for the first time in a real situation since she was born, was in agony. Did she have to quit the military after beating up her superiors, or did she have to take him to the optometrists to check his eyesight…

“…..I will try to persuade him.”

In the end, her grass root-sized patriotism and the even smaller soldier’s attitude grabbed a hold of her. However, before Han YeoRang ended the call with an amazingly small voice after killing her emotions, Yu IlHan, who finished dismantling the dogs and was about to go into working with the wolves, spoke.

“I will exchange in cash so please get it ready.”

“……So he says, sir.”

Han YeoRang wanted to cry. This was the tragedy of the middlewoman.

On another hand, Yu IlHan finished dismantling while humming.

Unlike yesterday, when he fought with the insect monsters, he had gained more. It was because it was easier to process animal bones and leather in comparison to insect carapaces.

Of course, the wolf’s bones weren’t metal so it would be impossible to melt them down, but he could recreate them into defensive equipment and weapons according to the innate structure of the bones, and the leather would become good defensive equipment without a doubt. Not only that, he would be able to create other artifacts using the magic stones.

However, the more important profit were the magic stones. He didn’t know while he was killing, but the leader, the Direwolf, and the vice-leader, the Big Wolf, both had magic stones.

Moreover, unlike the soybean sized magic stone from the Big Mantis, the Direwolf’s magic stone was about the size of an almond chocoball.

“It looks quite tasty……”

[NEVER! A magic stone isn’t something that a human can intake directly! Do you want to be controlled by the monster’s mana!?]

“Whoa……”

Yu IlHan, who heard Erta’s sharp warning, voiced his horror.

Because… Wasn’t this too blatant of a foreshadowing!?

Yu IlHan, a trained loner, ended up predicting the disaster that her words would bring. Some time in the future, humans would turn into monsters by swallowing magic stones in their greed to become stronger faster, and Yu IlHan would fight against them……

Yu IlHan could assure himself that this would happen not just once, but many times, as humans are foolish and would repeat the same mistakes.

He lost all his strength as he already knew that, so Yu IlHan rolled the guiltless magic stones in his hands.

“The magic stones are sure pretty.”

“Yeah, well.”

Excluding the boss and the mid-boss magic stones, the trivial magic stones that Yu IlHan harvested numbered about 20. Han YeoRang gulped when she saw that.

Combining all of those, it would end up equalling an enormous amount of money even in Guundia, the other world that she had gone to. And as it was one of the key materials to make ‘artifacts’ that everyone wanted, on Earth, its value would multiply by hundreds or thousands of times.

Of course, it was a different story as to who ccould create such artifacts.

‘Hmph, what, shall I use a honey trap?’

While Han YeoRang was thinking idiotic things, Yu IlHan organized the maagic stones and the dismantled wolf bodies. To carry them, he temporarily made a bag using the wolf leather, and he put the leather, bones, and magic stones inside it.

And when he put all of them inside, what was remaining were the mountains of wolf monster meat.

“Is this edible?”

[If you have the weak poison resistance skill.]

At Erta’s cool headed words, he gave up on the wolf meat. However, when he was about to put the bag on his shoulder, Han YeoRang approached him carefully and asked with pitiful eyes.

“Can you… sell some mwagic stwones and some of the grey wolf lweather…..?”

“Nope.”

“Okay.”

How could he reject so refreshingly? Was he some stiff general in his past life…?

Han YeoRang, who spoke with a bit of cuteness, had to step back with tears in her eyes when her charm didn’t work on him. She resolved to beat the soldiers up until they were half dead when they went back.

At that time, the cash arrived. It was a cash delivery service with a lieutenant colonel-level personnel, and a government personnel attached as bonus.

Yu IlHan wanted to refund just the bonus, but things didn’t turn out that way. It was said that the Goddess of fortune and the Goddess of misfortune always came in pairs, and it seemed like it was true.

“You’re really amazing! To think that you killed all those monsters with your strength alone!”

Nonsense starting with those words were completely chewed by Yu IlHan and he just quietly checked the amount of money. 

370 million won in total. (≈ 320,000 USD)

His hands trembled lightly. Despite the thousand years of training, he couldn’t not be nervous in front of the enormous sum of money in front of him. It was because despite the fact that he had driven big ships and high-class sports cars, he had yet to steal from banks.

[No matter how good of a condition that the leather and the bones are in, considering that the Wandering Dogs are less than level 20, this is quite generous. It’s highly possible that they want to leave ties with you.]

“As expected, it’s like that, right……?”

Yu IlHan carried the bag on his shoulders. Yu IlHan, who confirmed that their gazes were fixed on the bag with the wolf leather in it, which was incomparbly more valuable than some wild dog, he relaxed and spoke.

“The exchange is over right? This is my money, right?”

“Of course it’s yours! However before that, why don’t we tal……”

“We’ll probably see each other again soon.”

“Huh?”

Yu IlHan retorted icily and ran an app after taking out his smartphone. It was an app he downloaded after realizing something yesterday in the campus square.

The app’s function was very simple. It would flash an enormous amount of light in one moment. After the flash, everyone there, except Yu IlHan himself, closed their eyes for a moment, and opened.

“Wh, what was that!”

“He’s not here. He disappeared!”

“He disappeared in such a short time!? Just how high level is he……!? Just what kind of vision(?) did he acquire in the other world?”

“Amazing, Sungdaein Bolt……”

“No, men in black……!”

Of course, there was no need to explain. Yu IlHan was still right in front of them.

Even though the passive concealment wasn’t active during to the fight, if he distracted their gazes, then the concealment would activate again. What Yu IlHan used was the gap in recognition.

“Shall we go now?”

[The time it will take for heaven to move due to my report is one day. I’m sorry but during that time, we’ll need to keep moving. Dangerous monsters would have shown themselves in other places as well.]

“Okay, okay. Let’s go after leaving this in a safe place. And I need to check that class thing.”

Yu IlHan left the people who were desperately searching for him and moved his body.

His long day had only began.



Chapter 12 

Yu IlHan liked espionage movies a lot. That was a romance that provoked a man’s heart. A cool suit, cool moves, and the agents that don’t forget to have leisure. Villians that act cool but get beaten up by the protagonist, and a cool sexy heroine for a finish!

However, he didn’t know that there would be a day where he himself would shoot an espionage film. And with a midget angel on his head instead of a heroine.

[If I use magic, then you will not be found out. Don’t worry.]

“Tsuup, I believe you.”

He was about to have a nervous breakdown due to carrying a bag with an enormous sum of 370 million won. (≈320,000 USD).

If I knew that I would be so weak to cash, then I would’ve robbed some banks rather than training in martial arts when the time on Earth had stopped- he thought.

[You will get used to it soon. If it’s you, then there will come a day where you roll around in 1,000, or even 10,000 times the money that you’re carrying now.]

“Even if you praise me like that, I won’t give you any.”

[I don’t need it!]

Erta spoke seriously, but Yu IlHan lightly ignored her. He was still underevaluating himself even after he now knew that his strength worked on the monsters. He always did his best, and he even got good rewards, but his general evaluation of himself was still so low?

That was a truly strange personality he had there, but as a result, Yu IlHan would move without resting to improve himself. Whether it was because he would feel lonely if he didn’t do something in those 1,000 years, or whether it was because of Rita’s strict education, it was not known.

He secretly entered a secluded alley and left all his spoils of war there before looking at the scene where Erta cast magic. He somehow felt lighthearted.

[Then let’s depart.]

“No, the class is left.”

[……Don’t tell me you haven’t even acquired 1st class!? And you swung your weapon with that amount of strength and training!?]

It was the first ripple on Erta. While feeling that the distance has closed somewhat, Yu IlHan smiled.

“I scrolled up because there were too many words on my retina last time, can’t I scroll down?”

[Reading the record – I should have told you that this is the change that Earth has met. If you will that you want to read the records related to class, then that will suffice.]

Erta’s words were vague, but they were somewhat directly felt on the skin. It was also like this during his first mana crafting. Yu IlHan closed his eyes and remembered the record he saw last time.

[All of your records will be materialized into possibilities. You can acquire one of the classes below.]

[1. Lancer]

[2. Grappler]

[3. Swordsman]

[4. Blacksmith]

[5. Shielder]

[6. Hunter]

[……]

[……]

[23. Assassin]

Somehow, they were all names of classes that may appear in RPGs, but there was no time to ponder over that matter. Yu IlHan slowly read over all the 23 classes and fell in to thought.

“First, let’s exclude assassin.”

Concealment was enough as it was now. If his presence became any fainter, then he feared that his existence would really disappear.

Above all, he currently couldn’t use mana. Thanks to that, he couldn’t even use the Max level concealment as an active skill, and he could only use it as a passive one. No, actually, he didn’t want to use it, but it was constantly activated without using mana and he couldn’t cancel it.

And so, he needed a he needed a strong job, but doable without mana.

[23 for the 1st class?]

Meanwhile, Erta paled in fright when she heard that there were 23 jobs for his first class.

[23 within just two days of being in contact with the Akashic Records…… If you had more time, then you might have seen 30, or even 40.]

“What’s your recommendation?”

[Lancer, or grappler.]

Yu IlHan also agreed with that. He had achieved proficiency in countless techinques and he was confident that he could bring out maximum power with any kind of weapon, but the thing he was most familiar with was spearmanship and martial arts.

The two techniques that Rita recommended to him – the technqiues that he put the most efforts into. They were the techniques that made him remember her, and the technqiues that he was the most confident in.

[Choosing a class means that you become specialized in it. However, that doesn’t mean that you’re throwing away all the other possibilities. It’s possible to choose a sub class in 2nd and 3rd jobs so don’t hesitate and choose.]

“There weren’t anything like that on the internet, though?”

[The internet is originally a place where incompetent trash boast about what they’ve heard about. People who’ve reached level 50 in other worlds wouldn’t waste their time on something like internet, right?]

“Do you have a bad memory related to the internet……?”

Erta exercised her right to remain silent. Yu IlHan kept his mouth shut to respect her mentality and decided after pondering for a bit.

“I think Lancer is better.”

[Although I’m not curious, shall I hear the reason?]

“The differences in destructive ability due to weapons is big.”

[……]

Grapplers could also use weapons if they felt like it. It was the same with the wrist protector that Yu IlHan was using now, and it was also possible to make other offensive equipments. In simple words, sub-weapons.

However, the spear was different. Without needing any supplementative elements, it was a technique that focused all of one’s strength onto the sharp weapon to pierce through enemies.

Yu IlHan had the confidence in becoming stronger through his own ability and his technique, as well as using the new materials that he would encounter to create a spear.

And that was an answer he could arrive at due to having perfectly seen through his own ability. Erta also was planning to reommend him the Lancer, but she was satisfied that he arrived at the answer by himself.

If it’s this person, wouldn’t he have the qualifications to become strong? – She even thought this, albeit briefly.

In contrast, Yu IlHan, who had no interest on what Erta was thinking about, closed his eyes as soon as he decided. However, at that moment, a new job appeared below the 23 jobs.

[24. Bl****d Lancer.] 

“!?”

Yu IlHan’s body stiffened as he was dumbfounded. Now that he’d decided on one, a new one had appeared!? Moreover, in front of the name ‘Lancer’, there was a new descriptive word attached. He took deep breaths to calm down and asked Erta.

“A new job has appeared now. It says ‘Bl****d Lancer’.”

[A descriptive word……! That’s a unique job! To think that you will acquire a unique job from the first job!]

Erta unprecedentedly became excited. Yu IlHan thought that it was vaguely good without knowing exactly, but it wasn’t a problem he could accept just with that.

A unique job. That was, in other words, a class that only existed for one existence. A class that appears when his path, achievements and records become one to write a new strike that didn’t exist in the world. It was optimized for that existence, so obviously, its performance was exceptional.

[Choose that no matter what! Moreover, Bl****d. the descriptive word looks good too. It must be a job that focuses on destructive ability. No doubt about it!]

Yu IlHan also agreed with her. He already planned to become a lancer anyway so he chose Bl****d lancer without hesitation.

It was sufficient to think in his heart that he wanted to become a Bl****d Lancer. The appropriate class, power, and qualifications for his records he piled up until now was bestowed on him

[You have become a Blurred Lancer. When attacking while concealed, attack power increases by 10%. The power of spearmanship increases by 10%.]

[Concealment skill, Spearmanship skill’s evolution conditions become easier.]

[You absorb the piled up records. You have become level 18. 11 Strength, 12 Agiligty, 11 Health, 11 Magic increases.]

[You cannot use mana. You cannot learn active skills.]

“……”

At this moment, Yu IlHan realized his trivial misunderstanding.

He thought of ‘Blood’, when he saw ‘Bl****d Lancer’, in other words, a spearman of blood. He honestly thought it was awesome.

However the reality was ‘Blurred’. In other words, a faint spearman.

“What the hell is a faint spearman!”

[Oh my gosh…… It’s too fitting that I can’t argue against it……!]

At that moment, when he was about to counter what Erta had said, an electric current flowed down his body.

The growth of his soul due to acquiring a class, as well as the rapid changes in his body due to absorbing all the piled up experience and records made Yu IlHan dizzy.

While adapting to the stronger muscles, faster legs, tougher skin and bones, his consciousness became faint for an instant before coming back to reality. It was a strange feeling that couldn’t be explained using words.

However, it was not a bad feeling at all.

Yu IlHan became really annoyed, but he decided to accept reality. There was no way that he could not accept it anyway.

“Well, shit. Let’s go with this. I did become stronger……”

[Earning 2 unique abilties in the first job is close to a miracle. Moreover, they are abilities that fit your characteristics.]

Concealment attack, spear attack. Stacking, it would be a 20% increase in attack power.

It was really as Erta said – while thinking that, Yu IlHan muttered silently after checking his changed body due to the job advancement.

At that moment, his status automatically renewed itself and appeared on his retina.

[Yu IlHan.]

[Human Blurred Lancer Lv18]

[Title – Pancosmic Loner (Concealment becomes passive)]

[Strength – 96 Agility 102 Health – 98 Magic -21]

[Active Skill – Concealment Lv Max, Mana Crafting Lv 2]

[Passive Skill – Close Quarters Combat Lv Max, Spearmanship Lv Max, Dismantling Lv Max]

There was a time when Yu IlHan thought that a change would occur in his title when he advanced.

However, the reality was cruel. It was because the Pancosmic Loner title was keeping its place as if it declared that it will stay there for all his life.

[Did you earn an active skill?]

“No, I didn’t.”

[I knew it. Well, you can rest assured since most people don’t learn one for their first job. ……Although, looking at your growth rate, I think you won’t be able to use mana even by the time you earn your 2nd job.]

“Hey, isn’t that really dangerous? If everyone wields active skills and I don’t……”

[It is dangerous.]

“Then……”

[If you are a normal person.]

Erta’s words cut Yu IlHan’s counter argument off. When Yu IlHan became quiet, Erta smiled and continued speaking.

[As I said a few minutes ago, there is no wasted record. If you didn’t earn a skill in the 1st, and 2nd advancement, then you will earn a strong skill in your 3rd. An ordinary person would have problems in their growth to their 3rd job if that person didn’t have an active skill, but well, if it’s with your ability, then I think it’s quite possible.]

“So you’re saying it’s the difference between learning a chain of weak attacks and a single strong one, right?”

[You’ve understood correctly.]

Yu IlHan could rest assured when he heard those words. Of course, it wasn’t like he would stop training in mana.

However, there was something that Erta didn’t tell Yu IlHan. That was the special characteristics of his situation.

‘He learned a unique job so he should have originally acquired two active skills. However, he didn’t, and a record will remain and it will pass on. If the same thing repeats in the 2nd advancement, and he reaps the rewards in the 3rd advancement……’

Just what kind of skill would he earn. She shuddered just thinking about it.

Ah, is there another lower existence that is worth watching over like this person? She laughed and pulled at Yu IlHan’s hair for no reason.

[Well then, move.]

He hid the items. He advanced successfully. Now all that was left was to do his mission as an Executor.

Yu IlHan sighed shortly with a ‘fuu’ and asked Erta.

“Where do I go?”

[You will search for one now.]

“What the heck…”

The self-proclaimed almighty monster radar’s, Erta’s, words were not surprising now. He grinded his teeth and with her on top of his head, waited until she grabbed some of his hair for safety before leaving that place.

[You’re not the only Executor. Albeit unreliable, the moment I reported to heaven, they selected Executors to kill the monsters and sent angels. So you can just hunt monsters that are within your capable range.]

“Then that Empress person would also be an Executor, right?”

[Of course…… Although, I think that it’s quite rare for two exectutors to appear from the same university.]

What was she talking about? Empress is someone who grew in Lanpas, where Sung U’s people were sucked into, and Yu IlHan was a loner who matured in the thousand years on Earth. Yu IlHan felt uncomfortable being grouped together with her.

[Anyway, this is a quest from heaven. If your ranking……achievements are higher than the other Executors, then the reward will increase. So do your best.]

“That I like.”

Erta’s request was like this – Not ‘Everybody’s in danger so save them’ but ‘You will be rewarded according to your effort so show your best ability’.

Yu IlHan liked Erta for not speaking words of justice or morality despite being an angel carrying out heaven’s decree. Looking at the fact that an angel was like this, wouldn’t perhaps the existence known as God be a refreshing existence? Well, looking the scale of how he sent all of humanity as well.

“However, I don’t like the fact that I have to run around like this……!”

[You should ride a car, then.]

“I’m faster than a car!”

Yu IlHan searched the internet on his phone while running at his full speed for the first time in a while. As always, it was an action that stemmed from ‘It should be better than just runnig blindly, right?’ rather than expecting something.

However his actions gave fruit, which was rather rare.

While running without a destination and was feeling the growth of his body to his heart’s content, he clicked an article, [Who said that a tiger lived in Bukhansan (mountain)], without thinking.

[fuck, bears are scarier than tigers. Soldiers are shooting loads but it’s not even going through.

Jeongneung’s going down T^T]

He could encounter a movie CG-like scene where a huge bear destroyed a store with its paws.

“Destination set.”

He raised his head. How could he be so lucky? He was about to arrived near the vicinity of Gireum station. In his full speed, he would arrive in 3 minutes.

[If it’s set, then go quickly!]

Erta urged him. Yu IlHan accelerated without turning the direction and asked Erta carefully.

“But I can eat the gallbladder from the bear right?”

[Of course.]

Erta retorted while smiling brightly.

[If you have the poison resistance skill.]



Chapter 13

Yu IlHan drooped his shoulders when he heard that he couldn’t eat the bear gallbladder, but his speed didn’t change much. He, who ran after changing his direction for a bit after passing the train station, was even faster than a 60km/h car.

[Hm, this is quite fun. I’ll hold tight so don’t you have any thoughts in somersaulting in mid air?]

“Am I a roller coaster?”

Despite running with a lot of booming noises, whether it was the cars or the motorbikes or the pedestrians on the street, nobody gave a glance towards Yu IlHan.

As he was already used to it, Yu IlHan didn’t pay it any mind.

“People are decreasing.”

[The police are blocking them.]

The scene became more and more unordinary as he went uphill on Jeongneung street. Empty roads instead of crowded streets, with police cars and military vehicles replacing the people. Soldiers were walkie-talkie messaging somewhere and the civillians were running down the hill.

Looking at the people running down while crying and carrying 007 bags, heavy bags, or etc., this appeared no different from a disaster scene with refugees.

They would probably think that reality is unfair – they had lived in other worlds for 10 years to adapt to situations like this, but as soon as they returned, monsters they can’t fight were breaking their houses.

On Earth after the Great Cataclysm, there were no more tutorials. The trial that made people realize that was too cruel. It was to the point that Yu IlHan, who was moving due to the reward promised by the angel, could feel the sorrow.

“Will the government really compensate for that?”

[The morale of the populace becomes the morale of the country, and the morale of the country becomes the power and and unity of the country. If the leaders know that then they wouldn’t do nothing.]

Yu IlHan pushed one gear up inside his heart. Whether the government compensated or not, the thing he had to do didn’t change. That was destroying monsters as soon as possible!

While he was in the middle of running, there was a bang, like the sound of something exploding. Did the military use a rocket or something!? Yu IlHan thought idiotic things like that but the fact was that they didn’t. It was just that a 7m tall brown bear had smashed into a 2-storey building, the sound resulting from its collapse.

[HuuooOOooo!]

Yu IlHan realized that he had arrived at the scene of destruction.

“Shoot, shoot more!”

A commissioned officer wearing a cool uniform was shouting, and the sounds of machine guns, rifles, and grenade launchers which were emitting fire came from all directions. However, they were too weak to penetrate the skin of the bear that was as big as a two storey building.

“Fuck! It’s not working! It’s only the 4th day after the Great Cataclysm, but what can we do if these fuckers start appearing already!?”

“Bite on a knife and charge or something!”

“Ability users, aren’t ability users here yet! What about the one who expressed cooperation with the government?”

“The bear is changing directions! ……Fuck, scatter!”

There was no other chaos that was like this. When the bear crashed into something, it would collapse, whether it was vehicles, signposts, or buildings. Like that, a whole street had become a mess and buildings were collapsing in real time. Erta clicked her tongue while looking at that scene.

[To think that they break from a monster that just earned its 2nd class, human architecture is really fragile.]

“There are no materials, you know?”

The people were already used to worlds with monsters. However, what did that do? They were lacking in everything whether it was architecture, materials, money, techniques, and even levels, and they only had the knowledge and experience.

If it was another world, then it may have been near impossible for a monster at that level to create chaos, but currently, it was the strongest. If there was no tiger, then one would greet a rabbit as one’s master – this proverb really fit in this situation.

The bear was a disaster that had descended on the modern world. Yu IlHan decided to name that state as the ‘Fuck, nobdy can stop me’ state for convenience’s sake.

[What are you doing, not killing it immediately? You aren’t scared right? If it’s you you can kill 2nd class monsters without pro……]

“Timing.”

He cut Erta’s urging and retorted as if he was scolding her while taking out his spear and holding it. He could feel the strength of the record that was allowed to him, and the power of the Blurred Lancer that enhanced his physical body as it held the spear.

Ten percent increase in attack power due to concealment, 10% increase in attack power due to using a spear. Someone might say it’s only 20%, but to Yu IlHan, who trained his martial arts so that he could bring out the most of his physical strength, it was a big difference.

He felt good. He felt that he might achieve anything like this.

He had experienced a lot of things, so Yu IlHan knew how great his concealment ability was. He felt enormously insulted that his ability was an innate ability and one that he didn’t even train in, but that didn’t mean that he wouldn’t use it.

The max level concealment that was activated as a passive. The concealment that gave him the strongest opportunity of a preemptive strike. The concealment which contained the essence of the insulting title of Pancosmic Loner.

Now came a time where he could use it.

Yu IlHan kicked off the ground, and met the huge face of the brown bear, which had been exposed when it had raised its arms just now.

[Ku-oh?]

Unless Yu IlHan attacked ‘first’, the bear wouldn’t recognize Yu IlHan. While the bear tilted its head in confusion due to having noticed something, Yu IlHan stabbed the spear in its wide open mouth.

[KUuuuaaa!]

The brown bear screamed for the first time after appearing in the human world. Was it only that? A huge hole appeared on its tongue and at least several tens of litres of blood was plopping onto the ground.

One of the soldiers, who couldn’t avoid the blood, was soaked as he was ran over by the blood. He flailed his arms before being rescued by Yu IlHan, who landed a bit late. And with that, finally, the soldiers recognized the existence of Yu IlHan.

“Men *in Black!”

“Sungdaein Bolt……!”

To think that there was a new nickname because one wasn’t enough! However, he had no time to get angry at those soldeirs. Unlike the monsters he confronted until now, it was impossible to kill that bear in one shot, and the creature in question was running towards him after becoming angry from allowing a critical hit to land.

Blood flowed like a river from its mouth.

Yu IlHan shouted shortly.

“Run for your lives!”

“That bear will be killed by our 96Tiger plato……!”

“Then stay if you want.”

Yu IlHan kicked off the ground again. Immediately after, the bear’s thick front paw smashed in to the exact same place and the concrete collasped with a booming sound. When Yu IlHan, who was in mid-air, checked the status of the ground, the 96Tiger platoon was truly courageously running away.

[Kuo-,KuhwaaaOooo!]

“Heh.”

The front paw of the bear which smashed into the ground was raised like a manekineko that may appear in a Japanese souvenir shop. When it was about to strike Yu IlHan again, he somersaulted backwards and flew down head first, sticking the spear into its front paw.

[Kahacuuu!]

“Ho!”

In addition to Yu IlHan’s strength, on top the direction of the paw itself, the spear momentarily pierced deep into the front paw.

A violent shock passed through Yu IlHan’s body due to rebound, but he instead used that to pull the spear out of its front paw and jump in to the air just like that.

The enormous amount of blood from its front paw scattered in the air to make a rainbow, and Yu IlHan was even higher up in the air, his figure was like a dolphin swimming in the skies.

His grand and fantastic movements, which made one wonder if it was really the movements of a human, made the soldiers who were fighting against the bear dumbfoundedly look in his direction.

[Woohoo! It’s really fun as expected!]

“Don’t enjoy it!”

The bear, which had a refreshing hole pierced into both its tongue and front paw, couldn’t win against the pain and was intimidated. However, Yu IlHan, who jumped high due to the rebound, didn’t have any thoughts to let it eat some aspirin. 

The brown bear destroyed buildings as it swung its front paw wildly while roaring. However, due to the extreme pain, it seemed like it had forgotten about Yu IlHan.

It would have been alright even if the passive concealment didn’t activate, but this was within his expectations. He was just thankful for it.

Yu IlHan corrected his spear hold when he stopped in the sky.

The spear of steel created by a human who surpassed the peak of technique was holding out well even while clashing with a mid-class monster’s leather, muscles, and bones. Yu IlHan believed in his spear.

‘It should be able to hold out at this level, right?’

While muttering with a bit of confidence, he held the spear tight with both of this hands, and aimed at the head of the bear which was thrashing around violently.

There was no way a human without wings could fly – his body started dropping.

At that moment, Yu IlHan focused all his body weight into the spear. His body figure was similar to before he was left out, but his muscles, which were condensed and compressed, carried considerable weight.

[KuuuoooOhhooo! Ah-SU-KReeeM!]

The bear howled in pain and was thrashing around. However, despite the fact that the bear may go out of his range if he was a bit late, Yu IlHan was calm. It was because he could just attack when he was on the ground as his concealment would remain active.

[It’s dangerous to get hit by the attack. You know that, right?]

“It’s alright. I won’t get done in by a thing like that.”

What weak-talk was she saying when she was the one to believe his ability? Yu IlHan kicked Erta’s words and tensed his body.

I can do it! Let’s remember the first time I succeeded in striking Rita succesfully! – he thought,

‘With all my strength……Nooow!”

He extended his spear outwards.

The spear which contained all of Yu IlHan’s strength and weight struck deep into the brown bear’s head.

[Ka!]

The bear screamed a single syllable. And didn’t move anymore.

“Kuk……!”

“Don’t tell me he……”

Everyone at that place recited revival spells – ‘did it die?’ – but the bear didn’t come back to life.

It had really died from to Yu IlHan’s spear strike.

[You have earned 154,928 experience.]

[You have become level 23. 8 Strength, 7 Agiligty, 5 Health, 5 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the record of Lv54 Brown Big Bear.]

[You have earned a new title – ‘One hit for me, one hit for you’! Critical hit rate increases by 10%.]

[You have learnt the Critical Hit Skill! It increases the probability of succeeding a fatal strike by cultivating your eyes to see the weak points of enemies.]

The large body of the brown bear, which had lost the strength to move, started leaning towards the ground. Yu IlHan became urgent and desperately pulled out the spear embedded in its head jumped before landing on the ground.

Immediately after, with a boom that was similar to the sound of a bomb, the body of the brown bear collapsed.

“Phew.”

[I didn’t know you would finish it in just three strikes. You did well when you don’t even have a skill.]

“Just tell them to prepare the reward.”

When Erta praised his achievement while smiling, Yu IlHan retorted while looking over his spear, looking for any damage that might have occurred due to overexertion.

However, it must really have been a great achievement. Otherwise, there was no way that he could have acquired a new title or skill.

He was now sure about it. That skill was related a lot to the ‘record’ just like mana.

The record that is created from all of Yu IlHan’s movements, achievements, and other things that mixed with each other influenced the creation of skill, growth, and change. Critical Hit was just the beginning. He would probably be able to acquire countless other skills according to the way he acted.

After he finished inspecting the spear, Yu IlHan raised his head. The moment he was about to leave for other hunting rounds when he finished dismantling the huge bear in an instant –

“We have arrived. We will take care of the rest!”

“Where is the monster!?”

An offbeat resounded loudly and grandly. 



Chapter 14

[They’re Executors.]

“I vaguely expected that.”

The 5-person group of men and women shattered the half-frozen situation made by Yu IlHan’s fight. The soldiers came to themselves and the leader (who was a major) tapped his cheeks twice lightly and turned his head towards them.

“The monster was exterminated.”

“Exterminated? I heard it was a 2nd class monster though…… Oh.”

The man who looked like the leader of the group retorted while looking around and found Yu IlHan. This was only possible because Yu IlHan was in the middle of dismantling the bear.

“Sungdaein Bolt?”

“It’s him! It’s the Ironman mask!”

“Wow, then he really finished that bear alone? No way! Just what kind of arcane magic did he learn to get so strong?” 

Yu IlHan didn’t like the group a lot when he saw that they were whispering to each other while evaluating him, but they were Executors who had the same objectives as him. There was no need to antagonize them for naught.

He ignored the five and started moving again. It would take a lot of time to dismantle the huge bear so there was no need to waste time on useless staring cont……

When he thought to that point, the huge bear corpse started decreasing in size. To Yu IlHan, who was shocked, Erta naturally explained.

[You didn’t know? It had a Giantification skill. If its real body was 7m tall, then it would have been much stronger.]

“There are all sorts of skills, eh…?”

Honestly, Yu IlHan was delighted that the size of the bear had decreased as he had nothing to use all that bear leather for anyway. So, he waited silently for its body to decrease, and in the end, he started dismantling the bear that had been reduced to a size slightly less than 3m.

“H, hey. Sungdaein Bolt?”

“You’re really strong! Did you really get your 2nd job? Did you perhaps find a dungeon?”

“Hey, if a person’s talking to you, then ans……”

To a loner like Yu IlHan, such outgoing and grouped people were people who he was uncomfortable with. Therefore, he perfectly ignored the Executors who approached him and quietly wielded his spear.

“He doesn’t seem to have any intentions on confronting us. Give it up.”

“Tch, such a disgusting individual.”

“Why, isn’t he cool? He looks like a solitary gourmet.”

“Wow, this woman’s preferences are really something, alright!?”

They tried to converse with Yu IlHan a few more times, but after they found out that he had no intentions on conversing, they clicked their tongues and turned away.

“It doesn’t seem like there is anything we can do here. Let’s go.”

“There was a request for support in other regions, can we request……?”

“Of course!”

It was a truly amazing communication ability. If it was Yu IlHan, he would’ve failed at the greeting stage, because his counterpart wouldn’t be able to find him.

However, whether they went or not, another line flew towards Yu IlHan, who was dismantling the bear. It was the leader who went ‘Sungdaein Bolt?’ in surprise when he first saw him.

“My name is Do WooJun. Looking at that bear, it looks like I will lose to you in the ‘first quest’ , but I will show you that I will surpass you. You should remember my name.”

“……What will you do after surpassing me?”

From an outsider’s basic mentality, he didn’t want to mix words with insiders when possible, but as Yu IlHan didn’t understand what Do WooJun was saying, he ended up speaking that line.

Do WooJun momentarily stood still as he was surprised that Yu IlHan had replied, but eventually, he spoke while looking at him.

“The living and breathing world is urging me. Akashic Record, the record of power of all existences! Our strengths are expressed in levels, and we can grow however much we want on the condition that we put effort in. Meaning that the strongest will be revealed clearly! So I will stand on a higher place than anyone in the future.”

“……”

It was a more childish reason than he thought so Yu IlHan lost his motivation to even reply. How could such a futile and foolish resolve exist?

However, as Yu IlHan knew very well that he had to respect others to receive respect, he tried his best to not to tackle him. As a result, he ended up just going back to dismantling.

“How could you ask and just ignore me…… Well, fine. We’ll see each other soon.”

Do WooJun licked his lips as if disappointed, but he lead his group and left that place.

It seemed that his sense of rivalry was boiling up after he saw Yu IlHan defeating the bear alone, but honestly, boiling something like that next to him just made Yu IlHan hot and annoyed.

In the first place, Yu IlHan didn’t like the word ‘rivalry’. Just how could one compete with another person shoulder to shoulder!? No, before that, how could Yu IlHan stand shoulder to shoulder with another person when there was no person to do that with in the first place?

Is a rival really necessary for improvement? That was called ‘lack of tenacity’. Wasn’t it enough to just quietly put effort alone if you wanted to improve yourself!?

Whether it was studying alone at home, or practicing Vale Tudo with a sandbag like Yu IlHan, it was all possible, but why would you drag another person in and embarrass yourself!?

If one couldn’t improve oneself just because there was no one to compete with, then would you be able call it your ‘own ability’ even when it’s an ability you improved just because of the existence of a rival? What meaning is there to an ability that only improves and is measured when compared!?

What is the purpose of an ability that only has meaning when it surpasses another person!?

How dare he compare with others when he didn’t even win against his own physical body? If he wanted to surpass something, wouldn’t he have to think about surpassing his own self first!?

How could he neglect something so much when even Yu IlHan could not say that he did it even with 1000 years of effort? And what? He will become the strongest? He will stand on a higher place than anyone? It was all laughable!

Like that, Yu IlHan spouted out the rage of a loner in an unfair and twisted way. Only inside his mind though.

[……Yu IlHan? Aren’t you a bit too excited?]

“No, I’m extremly calm.”

Erta’s call returned Yu IlHan back to reality. He pouted his lips as he retorted at Erta and finished dismantling the body.

Disappointingly, the brown bear didn’t have a magic stone, but the quality of its leather was great. If it was processed well, then he would be able to make an armor that could withstand machine guns easily.

“Excuse me… Sir Sungdaein Bolt……?”

“I’m not selling.”

He was now used to preventing the approach of the ‘strong friends’. However, as if he had heard the matter between Yu IlHan and second lieutenant Han YeoRang, and other military platoons, the government, and the major slowly and carefully approached Yu IlHan.

“I heard you were looking for strong monsters to hunt, no? If so, then we can give you the information.”

“Just the information?”

“Yes.”

Just where did his figure saying ‘bite on a knife and charge’ disappear to… the major offered him a proposal with a truly amiable voice.

“We want to get over this predicament with the least amount of damage possible. Of course it would be a lie to say that we don’t want the body, but I’m saying that the lives of the people are more important. So if you want, I would like to share the positions of the appearances of the monsters……”

“…….”

“Although the government is spouting bullshit about wanting to gather ability users to make a group or something, I’m honestly skeptical about it. They aren’t even hiding their intentions to control other people. Personally, I understand that you don’t want to get mixed with the government and the military. And so, I’m proposing this to you…….How is it?”

It was a reasonable proposal. The country was drawing a large and unrealistic picture, but this major was speaking to him with the realistic thought of having to get over this predicament as the basis.

Yu IlHan hesitated, but honestly, it wasn’t something he should hesitate about. Anyway, there would be soldiers where monsters are rampaging around, so if that was true, wouldn’t it be better to earn information from them and go directly rather than wasting time searching the internet?

“Tell me.”

“Fuu. Thank you for helping.”

The major, Yun DaeHan sighed in relief from the bottom of his heart and bowed his head to Yu IlHan.

He had eyes.

A person that attacked and killed a 2nd classs monster in just 3 strikes despite the fact that it hadn’t been many days since the Great Cataclysm. Currently, Yu IlHan was a person who he couldn’t touch with personal arms. Would he really just stop at there? No way. He didn’t know, but he guessed that Yu IlHan would probably grow up to be an ability user that represents Korea.

Yun DaeHan had learnt a lot of things while he was in another world. He saw the scene where individual power surpassed that of a country’s and saw a scene where a single monster destroyed a country.

These told him the fact that existing logic could not lead the military, country, and society after the Great Cataclysm. It was also because of this that he proposed such an offer to Yu IlHan despite having to go against orders which told him to be forceful.

Trying to control a dangerous power may result in mutual destruction. Just why is there a need to clutch at them in their palms and control them? If the opponent was someone who could be talked to, then you should look for a way to profit mutually. Like now.

While he may have been a bit violent towards his subordinate, he was a wise soldier. Due to his actions, Yu IlHan didn’t have to antagonize the military, and there was room for conversation.

Yun DaeHan did more than enough by setting up a positive relationship with Yu IlHan, who would grow into an exceptional ability user in the future.

Despite the fact that Yu IlHan had read all of his inner thoughts.

“For the current military, stopping them is the best we can do. Before more people go through suffering…… Please.”

“Ok.”

Yu IlHan skillfully wrapped the bear bones in the bear leather and hugged it. Then he lightly ignored the gazes of the soldiers mixed with admiration, envy, fear, and etc., and left that place. The fact that he didn’t need to use the flash app made him feel complicated.

[That human will live for a long time.]

“I don’t want to see him frequently. That person values me too highly.”

[Just what can be done towards that self-depreciation…… Anyway, let’s go to the next place! Run faster!]

Thanks to the military’s cooperation, Yu IlHan was able to exterminate three more hordes of monsters that day. Amongst them, there weren’t any that were stronger than the Direwolf, much less the brown bear, and thanks to that, he only levelled up once, becoming level 24.

Instead, he made a lot of profit. He had sold all the monster byproducts to military personnel in cash, except the magic stone, as he was sufficient with just the byproducts from the wolf horde and the bear.

As a result, a slightly shocking amount of money was now in his hands. In words, it was a sum close to 1 billion won (≈ 8.7 million USD).

“I will have enough left over after making a workshop! Shall we go sign a contract right away!?”

[It’s not wise to use such an enormous amount cash just after you’ve earned it. What are you planning to do if you get traced?]

“Ah……”

[…..So I will use magic to erase the contractor’s memories for you as a special service just this time. If I use this, it will be done in one go.]

“Good!”

As expected, an angel’s magic was the world’s best.

Although he was scolded by his mother who said ‘where did you go when it’s so dangerous’ when he went back home at night, everything else went smoothly. Yu IlHan went to sleep while thinking that everything will turn out well starting tomorrow.

And when the sun rose the next day.

The same text could be seen on all of humanity’s eyes after they woke up.

[The severed connetion with the other world will be restored! From now, you’ll be able to take quests and receive suitable rewards in the other world you were summoned to!]

Like that, Yu IlHan became a loner again.



Chapter 15

“Well then, please give me an excuse that I can accept.”

With Erta in his palms, Yu IlHan tried his best to surpress his rage as he spoke. Erta seemed to be pricked by something as she didn’t receive Yu IlHan’s gaze straight on, and retorted in a small gaze whilst turning her head away.

[It’s because it was the solution that uses the least amount of energy……Probably……]

“Energy?”

[Connecting to other words was something that had already been done before, and it’s not hard to revive the severed connection. What’s left is touching up on the small details and setting for the quest-and-reward system. Now, if the Earthlings receive quests that are suitable for themselves and pile up their experience and records, then they’ll be able to grow their anti-monster capabilities faster.]

“And so, you’re saying that it’s the most reasonable method?”

[That’s so.]

Erta, who had regained a bit of confidence after seeing Yu IlHan’s positive attitude, retorted as such while looking at him.

Yu IlHan waited for this opportunity before asking with the saddest expression that he could muster.

“Then what about me?”

[……]

Erta was at a lost for words.

“IF everyone else is going to and fro from those other worlds, then me? What about me?”

[You were a loner anyways, so there probably won’t be a lot that changes though?

“Even so! You know? Even so!”

He had never felt such a violent rage in all of his thousand years.

He was angry at the overall situation, but most of all, he was angry at Erta’s words, that couldn’t be said to be that wrong.

“How should I answer when my mom asks me why I didn’t go to another world!?”

[Answer that you have nothing to learn about anything that can help with your life in such a place!]

“Am I some middle schooler who doesn’t want to go to school!?”

[Although I think it’s very pitiful, it’s useless to talk to me about it as this wasn’t my decision.]

Erta, who had reached her limit, eventually had to present a suitable argument like a coward as she pretended not to know anything.

Yu IlHan, who had lost the energy to retort, was mindless for a moment. With a sigh, he sat up on the bed.

“Yeah, well, I can’t do anything even if I complain to you. So in the end, I can’t go to another world.”

[If you become a higher existence, then who knows.]

“And how many years would that take?”

[It should be less than the time that you’ve lived up until now.]

“Well, that’s so comforting, hey!”

When he woke up and went to the kitchen, his mother and father were conversing with each other with serious faces-. On the lit TV, people were talking about the notice that had been sent to all of humanity, but it was accompanied by another shocking story as well.

“A state of emergency?”

While he was shocked and mumbling at the news that he was seeing for the first time, his mother noticed him and spoke.

“You also know about it, don’t you son? Right now, the outside is dangerous. Whether it’s school or work, everything has stopped. Meanwhile, the military is conducting a large scale monster extermination. I heard they won’t allow the monsters to appear on the roads where people live, at least.”

It seemed that the government had also realized that they couldn’t have people go through their daily lives anymore. Perhaps, the other world quest notice might have sped up their decisions.

In truth, this was something that had occured in every other country that possessed a proper government.

Everybody had realized that they needed to maintain the survival of the people first before being able to strive for a normal everyday life in the changed world, and so, under the majority of the countries’ decisions, it had been decided that they would stop the flow of history for a bit.

Meanwhile, in that time, people would receive strength from other worlds. Not a power that would disappear like bubbles, like it had four days ago, but a power that would remain with them even in the future.

At that moment, Yu IlHan felt hope. Those upper echelons were only putting up temporary measures, like paying a card debt back with another card, but the humans on Earth were seriously considering the change they had to meet while they were moving.

Humanity will be able to adapt to the levelled-up Earth. As they always did. Excluding me. As they always did. – He thought.

“Mom, dad. Have a safe trip.”

“But this father hasn’t even gotten a 2nd class in all the 10 years that I was over there.”

“Just because the military is clearing up the monsters doesn’t mean that they won’t appear on the streets.”

“But the other world isn’t safe anymore as well.”

While time was stopped on Earth, there wasn’t a case where a human would die or get injured while in another world. However, from now on, it would be different. As the price for being able to acquire a strength that wouldn’t disappear, humanity now had to accept the danger that came with it. Even so.

“Even so, it should be less dangerous than staying here on Earth.”

“……That’s true.”

“Father, do everything you can do to not feel regret afterwards. You shouldn’t but your life on the line, but on this changed Earth, you can only live by accepting danger.”

Doing everything that was possible, doing everything that was impossible until it was possible – this was one of the beliefs that supported Yu IlHan’s foundation.

Perhaps his words, which contained his honest intentions, had moved his mother and father as they smiled bitterly while standing up.

“Yes, then I’ll go. You too, son. Don’t give up just because you can’t use mana and put your efforts into it.”

After saying that, his father was the one to disappear first. He had gone to another world in an instant.

However, his mother didn’t do the same. Instead, she looked at Yu IlHan with a worried face.

“Son, mother’s thinking is a bit different to your father’s. Although effort is important, you can’t overexert yourself.”

“What overexertion?”

“Isn’t it you who’s going around and hunting monsters with a mask?”

“……”

He was found out!? At this unexpected situation, Yu IlHan froze just like that. He was aware that his figure, which had been fighting against monsters, would be broadcasted publically, and he had also meticulously prepared for that, but even then……!

“Did you perhaps think that mother wouldn’t even recognize my own son? Even if you wear a mask and different clothes, I can notice you instantly. How could I not know my son?”

The power of blood was truly amazing – Yu IlHan muttered in his heart when he heard his mother’s words, which caused him to raise both of his hands and feet in defeat.

To think that the concealment which could fool the world, and even God, was unable to completely fool his mother…

“Mother doesn’t know how you became so strong. I’m proud, but also worried. But son, you know how scary those monsters are, right? Nobody knows what may happen in what place. So always keep your guard up and move with room to spare.”

“I understand.”

His mother’s nitpicking only sounded affectionate when he heard it after such a long time. His mother finally seemed relieved after Yu IlHan nodded repeatedly. Then, she added on after putting a serious face back on again.

“But, the ones you have to be the most careful about are humans. From now on, there will be a lot of people who will be stronger and more evil than the monsters.”

“Okay.”

“If you know, then it’s okay. My proud son. Mother will go to Ya-umin again, okay?”

“Okay. Don’t do anything dangerous.”

“Alright.”

Perhaps due to the conversation with his mother, Yu IlHan, who had calmed down quite a bit slapped his cheeks and muttered to himself as if he was making a resolve.

“I should do my own work.”

[I’ll be going back to heaven for a bit. I should bring back the reward for the Executor quest as well.]

“Buy me an ice cream on the way back.”

As he had been too immersed in the excitement that had come from the profit that the Direwolf and the Brown Bear had given him, he had forgotten about the existence of the quest. Well, they said that they would give him something, so he had no reason to refuse. He happily sent Erta off without forgetting to tell her to buy ice cream, which he had a sudden craving for.

After he did that, he was really alone.

“Somehow, I’m reminded of my dropout days…”

As he complained in a small voice, he left his home. His destination was the nearby storage facility that he had bought with his money at a speed that was like grilling beans with lightning.

How foolish was it to acquire a storage building at night to use the next day!? However, he didn’t need anything. With cash, everything was solved. The Republic of Korea was a good place to live for those who had a lot of money. Although, he didn’t know that until now, since he hadn’t had any money before!

Yu IlHan arrived at the storage, which would be his workshop from now on. He had only prepared the basic equipment like a fireplace and an anvil due to the urgency. There were many lacking aspects, but as he didn’t even need to do any proper work in the foreseeable future, it was alright.

Well, that was because the only materials he currently had were bones and leather. In other words, things that he didn’t need to temper. He was itching to hammer some metal, but the situation didn’t allow him to.

Of course, that didn’t mean that he couldn’t do anything at all. Raw leather would rot if left like that, and it was the same for the bones that was dotted with impurities and full of oil! The reason he came to the workshop was to process them before it became too late.

Yu IlHan fully mobilized all the knowledge that he had piled up over a thousand years, and began to process the leather and bones in the best way that he knew. After the things that could pollute the precious materials, such as blood and flesh, were removed perfectly, the leather would go through an additional tanning process. He had already sold all the materials aside from the ones that he needed, so he could avoid working all day.

Even while processing all that leather, Yu IlHan didn’t sweat a single drop. It was only possible because, in the first place, he had a different base strength when compared to others, and it had further increased when he had levelled up to 24.

All the work was finished. He would be able to create something with the bones right now, but the leather was the problem. Just the tanning process itself would take several more days, and when he thought about the hardening process, which would come after, he might have to forget about wearing an armor that could cover his entire body.

“At this rate, when the armor is finished, wouldn’t it have no meaning, since my level would be too high at that point?”

If it was like that, he would kill stronger monsters to earn its leather, and when he created an armor with that, then his level would…… there was nothing more of a wast of time than this.

[You can process them with magic.]

“Oh, you’re back? Even if you say that, I can’t use mag……”

Yu IlHan’s words trailed off midway after he confirmed Erta’s appearance. It wasn’t because she hadn’t bought him ice cream.

It was because the Erta before him had a similar stature to Yu IlHan.

He first doubted whether or not it was really Erta, but after he had confirmed that it was really her, who, he didn’t want to admit, had a truly beautiful face, he fell into thought, realizing the cause soon after.

“Giantification magic!”

[Instead, my previous appearance was caused by shrinking magic. Just what did you think I was?]

Erta sighed as she held out her hand.

[Hold this hand. I’ll transfer the rewards to you now.]

Yu IlHan, who was slightly overwhelmed due to the holiness that he somehow felt coming from her, which wasn’t present while she was palm-sized, obediently held out his hand and grabbed hers.

The moment after, he felt an extremely cold, but a bit soft, and horrifyingly delicate, touch as a few strings of words popped up in his view.

[Heavenly Quest 001. Executor mission completed!]

[All stats have increased by 1.]

[You are the one who has most successfully completed the quest amongst quest applicants. A special reward has been added.]

[You have acquired Eternal Flame.]

“Eternal Flame?”

While he urgently let go of her hand, thinking that he would start to feel strange if he continued to hold it, Yu IlHan looked towards Erta’s face with an expression that seemed to say, ‘I don’t remember receiving something like that though?’ Then, Erta gave a small smile as she raised her other hand.

[Look.]

“Oh.”

In the fireplace that he had prepared, a bright red flame was burning despite the fact that he hadn’t put down any fuel.

[An inextinguishable and living flame that can continuously grow. It’s a precious flame from heaven. If it wasn’t for the fact that you’re in the initial stages of the Great Cataclysm, it would be absolutely impossible to receive this reward with a quest of that level, so please realize the value of this flame.]

“Wow.”

Just with Erta’s explanation, he had more than realized the flame’s value. The Eternal Flame burning inside the fireplace was acting cute while it changed its appearance, as if it knew who its master was. The word ‘living’ wasn’t at all exaggerated when used to describe it.

“It’s a truly fitting reward for me…….”

[I knew you would say that. Rita insisted strongly.]

“Rita did……”

Yu IlHan was no longer listening to Erta’s words. To think that it was an inextinguishable and living flame. Various thoughts came to mind. This would help a lot when he had to process large amounts of metal in the future!

[And……Rejoice. For you, who can’t go to another world, heaven has prepared a second quest.]

And so, he had to take a lot of time to listen to and understand Erta’s following words.

[From now, you have to install dungeons on Earth.]



Chapter 16

“……I make what?”

[Dungeons.]

He asked just in case he heard wrong, but he didn’t hear wrong. Yu IlHan asked Erta with worried eyes.

“Are you okay? ……I can cook if it’s porridge, shall I?”

[I’m extremely normal! On heaven’s orders! I’m giving you! A quest to help with the creation of dungeons!]

Yu IlHan sofly sighed. Then he asked while sharply raising his eyes.

“This quest, it’s not for me but for you guys, isn’t it?”

[……I, it’s for Earth too, so it’s for you as well?]

“Acting cute now won’t deceive me.”

Didn’t he hear the full story from her yesterday already? That the traps, in other words, dungeons, that God scattered before was unsuccessful in luring monsters.

“How can I do what even God can’t?”

[We’re thinking that the reason why the dungeons aren’t successfully functional is because the majority of the monsters were swept by God’s power when Lord God stopped the time on Earth. So, the monsters, which have gained immunity to God’s power, won’t approach the dungeons where God’s power is dwelling strongly.]

“You are keep going to saying that it’s because the time stopped, aren’t you!?”

[Yes!]

She was so shameless that he was about to fall for her!

[In contrast, you have polished all sorts of techniques in the 1000 years of stopped time despite being an Earthling. In conclusion, your blacksmithing skills have reached a level of marvel that even us, as higher existences, have a hard time believing. Your only fault is that you cannot use mana, but the mana crafting skill will solve that. ……The only existence on Earth who can create dungeons in our place is you.]

At the praise baptism that poured all over him to the point that he became itchy, Yu IlHan narrowed his eyes more. His instincts as a loner which reacted extremely sensitively to intentions that were trying to use him, was warning him.

That this woman will dump him with a huge piece of work!

“Now you’re just directly dumping me work, eh?”

[It’s in everyone’s interests. We do our mission, and you receive a quest befitting of your ability and even earn a suitable reward!]

“You can talk well. Even though you’re a scammer.”

However, did the fact that Yu IlHan wanted to do it because of all that make Yu IlHan a pervert?

Was it a perverted mind which can be coated with the words ‘challenging mind’, and ‘confidence’?

Wait, doesn’t this make him a pervert anyway?

Yu IlHan asked her lightly.

“What happens if I don’t do it?”

[Heaven will create another set of dungeons. Of course, as God’s power will dwell in it, it has a higher chance of failing, and as a result, humanity will have to survive in a slightly more wild evironment.]

“If I make it, will the monsters really fall for it?”

[At least, with a much higher chance than the one made by heaven, yes. They will.]

“……This is the most important question, though.”

He looked at his body, which didn’t look anything special, and the workshop, which only had basic equipment.

And turned back to see the angel who was unprecedentedly glowing her eyes.

“I can make dungeons?”

[Of course. If you have the blueprint and the necessary materials. And those, we have.]

Yu IlHan smiled.

“Good, I’ll do it.”

[Let’s begin right away.]

Erta poured out huge piles of metal from nowhere inside the workshop.

She took out chunks of refined metal, ‘Harkanium’, which emitted a wondrous black light; chunks of another metal, ‘Fecinom’, from which one could feel a red and rough energy; following that, a bottle containing the liquid, ‘El Hazra’, which emitted faint blue light; and finally, equipments such as a hammer, chisel, anvil and the like, which looked plain but not unpleasant.

[These three metals are materials in higher system worlds. If the current Earth levels up 2 more times, then these will also appear on Earth in extremely small amounts.]

“So this liquid is metal as well? Then I can just think that it’s similar to mercury, right?”

[…….It seems you didn’t listen to me at all.]

Continuing on, she poured out countless numbers of magic stones that would become the ingredients for mana crafting, but they were incomparably bigger and emitted incomparably more brilliant light than the Direwolf’s one.

Weren’t these perhaps the magic stones from the ‘higher existences’ that Erta likes so much? Yu IlHan asked with a careful voice.

“The will of the craftsman is important though in mana crafting, is it not? I don’t have any experience in making dungeons, and I don’t even know how to make them. Are you fine with me handling all these precious-looking magic stones?”

[In the applying process, angels will help you. Did you perhaps think that you will do everything from start to finish?]

“Yes.”

Loners always worked alone from start to finish as they hated communicating with other people and hated working together! Yu IlHan was also planning to do everything alone so he was a little bit surprised when Erta implied working together.

[Other than the used materials, they are all for rent, so you have to give them back. For the reward, we will prepare something else.]

“For the reward, can’t you give me that 4 dimensional pocket you were using?”

[Inventory is magic.]

“Fuck……”

This was the moment he was the most frustrated after the time he heard that beds were science.

However, his switch flipped automatically while he was clearing away the existing anvil (it was extremely light) and fixed the anvil that Erta brought (It was extremely heavy). A master may not dwell on his tools, but Yu IlHan did.

Whether it was the hammer, or the anvil, and even the tongs, were all in a different dimension to the one he had used until now. He resolved that he would definitely procure tools that wouldn’t lose out to these in the future.

[The basic processing is already done, so what we’re asking of you should be the form creation and the inlaying. We’re not thoughtless to the point that we’ll make you make a dungeon from start to finish.]

“With the materials here, just how can I make a dungeon in this workshop? You’re not telling me to make pottery but a dungeon, right??”

Yu IlHan spat out the question he had the moment he saw the materials. This was reasonable, as inlaying meant etching the surface and filling it with another material.

Amongst them, as an intricate and beautiful technique which ran at the peak of metalworking, metal inlaying was just basically a very very difficult and annoying work.

Creating a dungeon with a technique that’s used in accessories – just how? Did they make some magic which can make goblins pop out if he drew a goblin with inlaying?

[A dungeon is a huge space. There’s no way that we’ll directly make them, is there? Specifically, the thing you have to make is a magic tool that would attract the monsters and change the surrounding environment to make a dungeon. This is called the Trap of Destruction.]

“Tell me that from the beginning! Then is that inlaying perhaps……”

[It can be called a type of a magic array.]

Erta held out a paper which was made from unordinary materials. After he had a look at it, he paled in fright. After he heard that it was a magic array, he thought that the form creation wouldn’t be very difficult, but that was his misunderstanding.

With one cube at the center, countless metal rings were enwrapping it, and not only on the cube itself, there were indecipherable letters everywhere on each and every one of those rings.

If someone saw the finished magic tool created according to this blueprint, then that person would shout ‘This artifact looks like it may appear on the last volume of a fantasy novel!’.

This was definitely an object with a higher difficulty in creation than any of the things he had created before. Rather than blacksmithing, it seemed like his worksmanship would play a bigger role too…… He sighed before he even started.

Yu IlHan clenched his teeth and muttered.

“The quest reward……It should be good, right……?”

[I promise. I will prepare something that you will be surprised about. According to the level of achievement in the quest, you will be given the most suitable reward.]

Erta, who knew the difficulty of this work, confirmed with her most serious voice.

Then it was okay. Didn’t he know that the reward of this quest from heaven was unordinary just by looking at the Eternal Flame? In this way, they were trustable.

Yu IlHan recognized that the work he thought to be difficult surpassed his imagination in a direction that he didn’t think about, and accepted it.

He wore a cloth that could absorb sweat well on his forehead, and he picked up the metal tong which looked plain but its hardness could be well-felt from it. Then, he picked up a chunk of the black colored metal, Harkanium, and pushed it inside the fireplace and muttered as if he resolved himself.

“Let’s begin.”

This was the first joint work of the Eternal Flame and Yu IlHan.

Erta had alook at the steel spear that Yu Ilhan made before so she knew how amazing his techniques were. However, she had never seen him working on the metallurgy process directly with her own eyes.

However, his figure, focusing on the flame and the metal after his switch was completely flipped, made her a bit surprised.

“……The flame is still a bit weak. Does it get stronger if you feed it magic stones?”

[Yes.]

“Hm……Good. this is sufficient.”

He should have only worked with the ores that existed on Earth before the Great Cataclysm. Also, even materials like titanium were difficult to be worked on inside a small work shop, so there should have been a clear limit to the number of ores he had actually worked on. As proof, his master piece, the steel spear, was in the end, just ‘steel’.

However.

However, just how was he showing movements like a master smith who had handled harkanium for about 100 years?

“Fuu……Hap!”

When harkanium was sufficiently heated up by the Eternal Flame, whose temperature increased exponentially after absorbing a magic stone, he started welding with a serious face.

He knew of the metal’s hardness at the melting point, so he hammered down with all his strength from the beginning. The moment the hammer and the harkanium produced a violent clash, he felt it.

‘I can probably do this.’

His original strength would have been insufficient, but it seemed like this hammer had the ability to increase its user’s strength temporarily. Yu IlHan, who got used to the feeling after striking a few more times, hammered the harkanium with sufficient strength.

Clang, clang, clang, claaang.

Harkanium tried its best to resist the change, but in this small workshop, there was everything prepared to handle that. The flame of eternity, anvil, hammer, and lastly, an exceptinal smith.

In the end, it slowly, but surely collapsed.

The metal was changing. Yu IlHan, who perfectly memorized the blueprint after seeing it once, changed the position of the tong, as he heated the metal and struck with the hammer continuously.

A contradicting movement – intricate but strong, unrestrained but controlled – that was impossible for a even for a machine. From some time, harkanium was being played around as Yu IlHan willed.

Just who would believe when told that this was harkanium? Did the Eternal Flame make this? The hammer?, The anvil?

No, tools cannot make miracles. It was the human. That human was calling for a miracle that did not happen in the past, and wouldn’t happen again in the future, right now.

Erta looked at that scene breathlessly.

‘Did I perhaps make a mistake? Shouldn’t this human have become a blacksmith instead of a lancer? Then… he might have made something that could challenge against God… Yes, something that can challenge God.’

Just why do all the angels become blasphemous after coming into contact with Yu IlHan. Right now, Erta acknowledged that Yu IlHan had the potential to suprass God. And in technique and not fighting power.

The form creation was finished after not a long period of time. After having finished shaping the the central cube, and the countless metal rings connected with a thin metallic line, Yu IlHan picked up the small chisel, also prepared by Erta. Now it was time to do the inlaying.

Despite thinking that he was sufficiently resolved, when he was about to go into the process, he sighed subconsciously.

“Fuck. I don’t know if I fail.”

[If you fail, then you can just melt it down and make it again from scratch. Of course, it will take an extremely long period of time.]

While completely ignoring Erta’s words, he put the knife against the ‘Trap of Destruction’ which now had its form.

This was the moment where an overwhelming ‘record’ which could not be expressed in experience, was engraved in the world.



Chapter 17

Engraving on the artifact, which had its form created with harkanium, and filling it with the liquid metal El Hazra, during the inlaying process it was a more difficult and tiring process than he had thought. It was because one mistake would lead to an overall failure.

However, Yu IlHan perfectly tuned the strength of his arms, which were trained from his many years of practice, and proceeded with the work. As is, he didn’t even consider failure and was giving life to the artifact without a moment of rest.

Yu IlHan’s figure as he worked with intricate hand movements that were neither overflowing nor insufficient, was truly reverable – purer than anything and beautiful.

Rita probably had monopolized this side of Yu IlHan for 1000 years. She alone must have kept watching the figure of this lower existence concentrating in one type of work and in the end, surpass his limits.

[Aah. I think I can understand it a little bit.]

Erta understood just a tiny bit, about why Rita, who was treated nobly even amongst higher existences, fell for a lower existence, who had nothing special about him. Just a tiny bit!

At that moment Yu IlHan put down his tools. The tiny metallic sound returned Erta back to reality as two sentences came up on Yu IlHan’s retina

[You have awakened Blacksmithing Lv Max.]

[You have earned the title – ‘Creator of Myths’. All effectiveness of productive activities increase by 20%.]

The sentence, which appeared like a declaration that there was no further realm to pursue, like dismantling, and the title which would be a huge help to Yu IlHan in the future.

Just with these, Yu IlHan thought that picking up the hammer was worthwhile. He had succeeded.

While carefully placing the Trap of Destruction, he spoke to Erta.

“I’m done.”

[……What!? You mean already?]

“What do you mean already?……Let’s see, five hours have passed though?”

Yu IlHan would also lose the flow of time while working, so he could only tell her after looking at the clock.

After she realized that he wasn’t wrong, Erta reddened her face. This was because that meant that she had watched him working while forgetting the flow of time for 5 hours.

[Even if it’s 5 hours, it’s way too fast. Did you really complete it according to the blueprint?]

“Don’t be like a mother-in-law and check it yourself.”

She confirmed. It was perfect. It was to the point that she was dumbfounded.

Just who would believe that this was made by a human? She could only be dumbfounded.

However, like Rita, Erta also couldn’t praise other people obediently.

[Khm, I guess this counts as a pass. However, there’s still the mana crafting process with the fecinom and the magic stone.]

“I was waiting for that.”

[Th, that’s true. The angels were going to help with that, weren’t they.]

Yu IlHan also looked forward to how the artifact, which possessed a high level of magic that he couldn’t understand despite having made it himself, would be completed.

When he looked at Erta with shiny eyes, she kept coughing awkwardly in order to forget the figure of Yu IlHan working, and continued speaking.

[Please wait for a moment. I will call my colleagues right away.]

“How about Rita?”

[She won’t be coming.]

After Erta cold-heartedly cut apart Yu IlHan’s question, which was full of hope, she did a truly unbelievable action. She had caused a shiny yellow ring to appear above her head!

“That’s the fluorescent light that only existed when I was young!”

[It’s an angel’s ring!]

After retorting against the tackle that she was expecting, what Erta did was none other than communication. She had sent messages to her colleague angels who were on standby in heaven.

The angel’s ring was a symbol of an absolute bond that surpassed the constraints of time and space, as well as that of the world. It was an exclusive ability to angels that could transfer one’s own emotions, intentions, and will to one’s colleagues who have the same angel’s ring.

Soon, four to five people who emitted brilliant light like Erta appeared inside Yu IlHan’s workshop. There were both men and women, but their common points were that they were all handsome men and beautiful women.

[Erta, is it true?]

[Check with your own eyes, Fashta. The evidence is here.]

[To think that a human made a Trap of Destruction, I can’t believe it.]

[However, this doesn’t smell like it’s from heaven. This is indeed an object created purely with a human’s power on Earth.]

Erta clapped and called the angels, who were starting to express bits of disbelief, exclamation, fear, and such feelings.

[There’s not much time! We need to get to work immediately!]

[That is true.]

[Yes, that is true.]

[Will the mana crafting go smoothly? I’m curious.]

The angels started gathering while chatting as they all placed their hands on Yu IlHan’s shoulders, head, and back respectively.

At that moment, an enormous pressure fell on to his mentality.

[Begin, human.]

[We will lead the direction of the will. You only have to will that you want to finish the Trap of Destruction.]

[Yu IlHan, this is the same as when you first did mana crafting. If you concentrate with the magic stones and fecinom in one hand, and the Trap of Destruction in the other, we will do the rest.]

Was this what higher existences are? Despite the fact that only their hands came in contact, their souls, high wills, and the noble mana weighed Yu IlHan, who was only a lowly human, down.

Despite the fact that they had no hostility towards Yu IlHan, just by confronting them, he automatically received damage. A 4-dimensional wall which couldn’t be surpassed existed between them and Yu IlHan.

If he was an ordinary human, he would have lost conscious immediately. He could only endure with the will that didn’t corrode even after living for a thousand years.

It wasn’t only his fighting power and techniques that he polished over those 1000 years. The will to never give up on his life and the belief to continue forward. The steel-like heart that held him up for countless years allowed him able to stand in that place and retain consciousness.

“Fuu……”

He slowly took deep breaths in order to calm himself and stand firmly.

He held the magic stones and fecinom in his right hand and the Trap of Destruction in his left hand. The angels were chatting as they wanted while looking at that scene. He ignored all of them and quietly closed his eyes.

Then he imagined. The scene where all these fused into one.

He wished. The birth of a dungeon which could imprison all the animals that have evolved after acquiring strength and reason.

[……Focus.]

[Don’t show me a scene where you get swept by a human’s will. The name of the angel cries.]

[Ha, really, just how did such an interesting human appear? I don’t think it’s a problem with the 1000 years……]

[I said focus, Ahata.]

The angels also emitted mana and will at the same time. If their power was directly applied, then they will achieve the same results from when it was made in heaven, so all their power and will were displayed through Yu IlHan.

Amongst them, some thought ‘Wouldn’t the Trap of Destruction perhaps be finished even without us?’ for a while when they looked at Yu IlHan’s strong will, but after acknowledging that that was throwing away all their pride as higher-existences, they immediately erased that thought from their head.

Yu IlHan’s will and the will of the angels interconnected with one another, starting to change the Trap of Destruction. The overwhelming mana activated the magic engraved in the Trap of Destruction, and the power of fecinom transferred inside it. The workshop was filled with bright light.

[More.]

[Just a little bit more.]

[O, human……]

The mana crafting finished not long after. The fecinom and the magic stones in his right hand had disappeared as if washed away, and replacing that, the Trap of Destruction started to emit a faint red light that possessed an unordinary aura.

It was the birth of a truly perfect artifact.

[‘Meticulous’ ‘Earthly’ Trap of Destruction was completed.]

[Mana Crafting has become Level 7. The quality of the finished artifact increases.]

Yu IlHan also opened his eyes carefully after those lines appeared on his vision.

As he thought that the weight in his palms disappeared, he saw that the completed Trap of Destruction was floating on his palm. Several tens of metallic rings enveloping the cube inside as they spun was a truly wondrous sight.

[Even though I was prepared for about 10 failures.]

[To think that we would succeed immediately……]

The angels appeared dumbfounded. Although Yu IlHan also felt proud, as he felt his effort was acknowledged, the limits of his mentality was approaching, so he carefully distanced himself from the angels.

“First, get away from me. Your consciousnesses are too much of a burden to me.”

[That’s true. We even forgot that you were a lower existence.]

[Yes. Well done, human. ……No, I think it’s rude to treat you as those other humans.]

[His name is Yu IlHan.]

[Yu IlHan, thank you. I half-disbelieved it, but its a truly exceptional skill. If possible, I even want to watch you while you’re working on the metallurgy process.]

[We don’t even know whether it will work properly.]

At that moment, one of the angels tackled.

[We need to experiment with it.]

[That’s very reasonable.]

[Yu IlHan, we shall go together. Perhaps, it will help your mana crafting if you look at the process of the birth of a dungeon.]

When the work was done, the angels started chatting loudly again, but this time, they talked differently. Factions were split into those who felt uncomfortable that he had such a firm will and ability despite being a lowly human, and those who wanted to acknowledge his ability and desired to raise him.

Of course, as they were good existences (as opposed to evil) at the core, there was no one who harbored ill intent towards him.

[My thoughts are the same. Yu IlHan, don’t you want to have a look at the scene where the Trap of Destruction activates?]

“No need to talk twice about it. Let’s go.”

He always welcomed new information and stimulation. There was no reason why Yu IlHan should reject that proposal.

While Yu IlHan was wiping off the sweat on his face with a towel, the angels started confirming that the Trap of Destruction was for real. However, one of the angels, who was exclaming about its aesthetic beauty, suddenly shouted.

[Whoa, this has an alpha option and a beta option!]

[What?]

[Meticulous, Earthly……It’s true.]

Yu IlHan perked up his ears while wiping off his sweat. Erta, who noticed that, explained with a sigh.

[We call the additional attribue which gets attached to the product of blacksmithing and mana crafting, ‘option’. It appears randomly according to luck, materials, and the ability of the smith. Normally, there are two, alpha and beta, but both appearing in the first creation is unprecendeted. Are you satisfied?]

“You know everything, don’t you?”

[Yes, I know everything.]

After confirming the Trap of Destruction, Yu IlHan went out with the angels. As he couldn’t fly, two angels grabbed his arms while flying, but honestly, although it looked very uncool, Yu IlHan was joyful just with just the fact that he was flying in the sky.

The streets were still silent. There were the sounds of monsters howling from somewhere, sounds of soldiers desperately shooting guns, and sounds of flying helicopters. He truly felt that the apocalypse had arrived.

[Hey, this human isn’t an angel. There is a need to cast invisibility magic on him.]

[There isn’t. Unless he attacks first, there is no way he would get found by humans.]

[What? No way……]

Yes way.

[They really can’t recognize him?]

[As expected, the sole dropout……!] 

The angels looked at Yu IlHan, who was realizing a miracle with his human body, in shock, and Yu IlHan was annoyed. He resolved that he wouldn’t mix with these angels, who looked at him like a monkey in a zoo, after he finished this quest or whatever it was called.

The place they had arrived was at the top of a hill.

In front of Yu IlHan, who looked forward to how the artifact would activate, Erta, who was holding the Trap of Destruction, took a short, deep breath before throwing it.

“Hey!”

[Watch, Yu IlHan.]

While the Trap of Destruction was falling, the metallic ring which were spinning on the outside suddenly expanded in size.

The ring which had a diameter of just 20cm increased to 1m, 3m, 8m, and without restraint before it became thin to the point that it couldn’t be seen as it scattered into the air.

No, was it really ‘scattered’? While Yu IlHan was in doubt, at that moment, the second and third ring began expanding and scattering in order. While looking at that scene, the angels nodded their heads in satisfaction.

[So until now it’s going smoothly.]

“……”

That meant that the phenomenon that happened just now was not a failure. Perhaps, were the metallic rings created with that intention in the first palce?

While Yu IlHan was concentrating his consciousness…

The Earth trembled.

Monsters started gathering towards the hill.



Chapter 18

[It looks like a truly huge-scale dungeon will be born.]

[I don’t want to admit it, but this human has a talent as a Trap maker.]

It was truly a grand scene. Inside a range that was obviously larger than a single district, countless monsters were running towards the hill. Amongst them, there were some which were just confronting human military until just now.

Yu IlHan asked dumbfoundedly after looking at that scene.

“Just……What’s the principle?”

[The power that the Trap of Destruction is emitting is a magic that deceives all five senses of the monsters. The monsters arrive here looking for what they want, whatever it may be, and as a result, get trapped inside the dungeon.]

Erta spoke confidently, but it was a truly frightening magic. If one thought that it may be used against humans, then it wasn’t something to laugh about at all.

Is it possible for it to be used against humans – Yu IlHan was about to ask, but refrained from doing so in the end.

It was because he felt like he would be frightened if he heard the answer.

[It seems like it’s starting in other places as well.]

Next to Yu IlHan, who was dumbfounded after seeing the frightening ability of the Trap of Destruction and the stampede of monsters, another angel mumttered. Other places? When Yu IlHan creased his eyeborws, Erta made a small smile as she spoke.

[In your trap, there was also a magic that ccould change the aura of other Traps of Destruction scattered on Earth. We can’t just throw away the traps made in heaven just like that. Anyway, it seems like those have also started to lure monsters.]

“So that was it, I did know that the amount of harkanium was too little to be placed on Earth, but it was for that reason.”

[It’s a precious metal. Recycling is the first step to being environmentally friendly.].

The other angels were looking at Yu IlHan’s and Erta’s conversation with strange eyes. When were you so close? – at the question their eyes seemed to be asking, the two became awkward and turned their heads.

The monsters, which had acquired power for revenge after enduring one thousand years in a world where time was frozen, were truly futilely crawling into destruction with their own feet.

Until the day the dungeon is opened by a human, they would be trapped inside that prison.

Despite the fact that this was a result that Yu IlHan wanted, their figures of rushing into the Trap of Destruction seemed as if he was looking at the humans not being able to escape destiny no matter how they struggled, so it didn’t feel that good.

‘No.’

Yu IlHan stopped his thoughts there, shaking his head. Just what could he do by sympathizing with the monsters. If he didn’t do that, then humans would just become their sacrifices.

It had only been a few days since the Great Cataclysm happened, during that time, didn’t Yu IlHan experience enough and realize it already? Monsters were always hostile to humans, and they wanted to evolve into something even more horrific.

So, it wasn’t that Yu IlHan sympathized with the monsters.

He shuddered as he confirmed that those ‘Heavenly existences’ have enough ability to do that to him even if they weren’t hostile. Even those frightening monsters had, in the end, become playthings for God and the angels.

Yu IlHan thoughtof his one thousand years of life. He thought of the overwhelming power that was used to send all of humanity to other worlds, with just the reason that they needed to prepare for the Great Cataclysm, and the fact that he had to spend one thousand years, even when he hadn’t done anything wrong, on Earth alone as he was left out.

He remembered that all of his pains and sufferings were summed up in just one word – ‘mistake’.

At that moment, something welled up inside his heart. The emotions he had hid with comical actions and positive thinking in order to maintain his human mentality during those countless years came up to the surface and shook him violently for a moment.

I want to become strong.

I want to become so strong that no one can tell me what to do anymore.

It was not to meet someone, or to trample on someone, or to survive right now.

He wanted to become strong only for his freedom.

For the first time, he thought that.

[The dungeon’s being made, Yu IlHan.]

Yu IlHan came to himself after hearing Erta’s words and lifted his head up.

Halfway up the hill, where the Trap of Destruction had been placed, after countless monsters that couldn’t be counted just by one or two thousand, gathered, the mana from the Trap and the mana from the monsters seemed to clash, and a strange mana current appeared to cover them.

[It’s done. We’ve done it.]

[Everything according to God’s will.]

[The other Traps are also smoothly attracting monsters and becoming dungeons. It’s a perfect success.]

The angels all expressed their delight. Some smiled lightly towards Yu IlHan but some ignored him. It was good that they were so individualistic.

[Looking at the size of Earth, we need to make about 27 more. We will give you the reward after confirming the activation of the last Trap of Destruction.]

“Then I’ll make them right away.”

[You don’t really have to. We’ll only make the second Trap of Destruction after 2 days at least.]

Yu IlHan tilted his head.

“Weren’t you in a hurry?”

[We are, but we don’t have the magic power.]

That was true, they did indeed pour out enormous amounts of mana in the mana crafting process.

Yu IlHan also didn’t need them to be quick. Just that.

“It’s not like you’re the only angels up there…….Yeah, like Rita.”

Yes. Can’t they just rotate the members!? He just wanted to finish the quest as soon as possible and it wasn’t like he wanted to see Rita, not at all!

In truth, he really wanted to see her, but Yu IlHan’s trained pokerface didn’t show any ripple on the outside.

[Not all angels are so free. These angels are have work related to the dungeons on Earth, and other angels have work to do in other worlds. So, we have no choice but to wait until our mana recovers to proceed.]

“Your work environments are tough too, eh.”

[Rita especially has a lot of work as she accommodated a lot for you and is suffering. For a while, she won’t be able to be dispatched on Earth.]

Of course, his pokerface didn’t work on Erta. Erta’s mischievous smile, as if she knew everything, made him want to punch her.

After Yu IlHan shrugged his shoulders, he turned his gaze away from her and looked at the scene where the Trap of Destruction used on Earth changed into its dungeon form before speaking with a sigh.

“Let’s go back. I’ll do the form creation process first.”

[You really know nothing other than work……]

That night, after the mass moving of the monsters which occurred in Seoul, the capital of Korea, the world became noisy. The scene of huge numbers of monsters gathering at a hill and disappearing into a fissure in space was captured by a camera and was broadcasted through the news.

What remained was the appearance of a dungeon that all the humans on Earth that have been to other worlds, were familiar with. With the first occurrence of a dungeon as the center, they could observe that dungeons were appearing in all of Korea, Japan over the sea, and parts of China over the borders.

After looking at that, some rejoiced that this was a proof that Earth was starting to stabilize, and some complained why the stabilization occurred in an Asian country, which had nothing much to it.

Various humans, who hadn’t received quests from other worlds, or those who came back after finishing one or two, were spewing bullshit through the internet.

[Experts are warning that the animals may become monsters even if they haven’t become monsters yet. Meanwhile, under government supervision, work is progressing in regards to picking livestock which have no possibility to become monsters using database from other worlds as basis, and as it was found out to be possible to bring suitable livestock back to Earth as quest reward from other worlds, we’re expecting that there won’t be any serious impacts in future……]

Yu IlHan turned off the TV. His mother and father hadn’t come back yet. It wasn’t that he was not worried about the two of them, but he consoled himself thinking that they would cope well in any situation as they didn’t have militant tendencies, and above all, possessed a plethora of experience in ‘society’.

He then stood up and headed to the workshop.

“Shall I make about five by tomorrow!?”

[No, Yu IlHan. Well, although this can’t be called a reward, but as a bonus for achieving something above my imagination, there is something I want to do for you. If you receive that, then there won’t be any time to make the traps.]

“You’re going to give me some of that harkanium!?”

[Keep your dreams for when you’re asleep.]

Erta’s bonus was none other than the processing of the leather that was currently in the middle of tanning inside his workshop. When all the leather from the bear, Direwolf, and other wolves were perfectly dried and sterilized with a wave of her hand, Yu IlHan couldn’t close his mouth. Moreover, it seemed like it became harder and more durable.

“Perfect. No, I think the quality became better.”

[How is it? Now you have something to work on, right?]

It was as Erta said. There was no time to cling on to the Traps of Destruction which couldn’t even be activated. Because there were so many materials waiting for him to work on them!

He immediately went into making a leather armor.

First, he made an inner wear with the thin Direwolf leather, enhancing it with a few magic stones. To Yu IlHan, who had even created a Trap of Destruction, despite the fact that angels were the one leading him, this level of mana crafting had become something he could do with his eyes closed.

Especially, Erta was considerably surprised after Yu IlHan added a ‘ventilation’ option using magic stones.

[When did you become so proficient?]

“Didn’t I say labor is finding the trick to it?”

He also made boots and gloves using the Direwolf’s leather. He added a ventilation option to these as well, but the thing he thought of as more important was an attacking option. He made sharp teeth protrude out from the end of the boots and the nails of the gloves when he wanted by consuming the wolves’ teeth in order to transform them into an artifact.

[Direwolf Leather Gloves]

[Rank – Rare]

[Defense – 600]

[Attack Power – 700]

[Direwolf Leather Boots]

[Rank – Rare]

[Defense – 550]

[Attack Power – 750]

After that, he made a leather armor with the entire hide of the brown bear. He put special materials into boiling oil, and proceeded to boil the leather several times in order the increas the already sturdy defense. By the time that he had created a piece of armor that fit him, a day had already gone by.

However, to Yu IlHan, who had acquired superhuman strength, this kind of overnight labor was at a laugable level. He showed extreme concentration as he kept in mind that he was making an amor to protect his body, and in the end, when the sun rose, he had created a boiled leather armor that he could boast as his most exceptional work after his steel spear.

[Hard Bear Leather Armor]

[Rank – Unique]

[Defense – 2,100]

[Durability – 850/850]

[A boiled leather armor made by a peak level master using the hide of the 2nd class monster, Brown Big Bear. It’s the strongest of its level, and it will be able to endure the teeth of a high class monster once.]

Of course, Yu IlHan didn’t stop there. He started putting the sharp teeth and the sharpened bones of the Direwolf and the Brown Big Bear in one place. Then, he used all his magic stones to mana craft.

He was aiming for one thing. Like the leather gloves and the leather boots, he wanted bones to protrude out from various places of the leather armor when he wanted.

His final objective was a hedge hog. A super strong one that ccould send a tiger to its grave with one spike!

[Mana crafting has become level 8.]

[‘Secretive’ ‘Sharp’ Hard Bear Critical Leather Armor was completed.]

Erta, who saw the entire process of armor creation from start to finish was dumbfounded after looking at the result. Just how could he do something strange so consistently!?

[Yu IlHan, why do you like blades popping out from nowhere so much?]

“It’s because it’s a man’s romance!”

There was not a shred of embarrassment in Yu IlHan’s answer. He spoke so confidently and coolly that Erta momentarily thought ‘Hey, didn’t this guy just say something cool?’

[Secretive Sharp Hard Bear Critical Leather Armor]

[Rank – Unique]

[Defense – 2,200]

[Attack Power – 750]

[Durability – 900/900]

[A super weapon made by going through a special process on top of the boiled leather armor produced by a peak level master using the hide of the 2nd class monster, Brown Big Bear.]

The completed armor was truly perfect. Not only did the armor do its job faithfully as a piece of armor, it also had attacking capabilities optimized for Yu IlHan, who could fight with all of his body. On top of that, there was both an alpha and a beta option to enhance it. If someone saw it, they might think that it was obvious for an option to be attached as a result of mana crafting. Even though reality was far from that!

After making a few bone knives to use when dismantling by sharpening the remaining bones, he lastly made a mask using the Direwolf’s skull to replace the Ironman mask, becoming refreshed as if he had just finished a number of piled up chorse.

[Bear Bone Knife]

[Rank – Rare]

[Attack Power – 500]

[Durability – 450/450]

[Direwolf Skull Mask]

[Rank – Rare]

[Defense – 600]

[Durability – 660/660]

[A mask made from a wolf’s skull that once posessed a large amount of mana. It has an unexpectedly high amount of defensive power.]

Now, he was planning to hold out with these until he acquired even stronger monster bones or new metals. He would probably be able to hold out. It was instead a problem that it would hold out for a longer time than he thought.

After Yu IlHan put on the leather inner wear, armor, boots, and gloves, he slotted the bone knife into the leather belt. When looking at the reflection of his figure after equipping the bone mask that he made to fit his head, he thought that he might look quite cool.

As expected, I look good when I hide my face! Shit!

“How is it?”

[Amazing. I don’t know what you did to that mask but your presence is becoming even weaker!]

“I didn’t do anything to the mask!”

To Erta, who definitely said that even when she knew the truth, Yu IlHan tried to make her pay when he realized that outside was getting noisy.

The sound of something breaking, the sounds of hundreds and thousands of bullets, screams and shouts…… It was to the point that it made one wonder if this was from playing all of the action movies in the world at the same time.

“……What’s this noise?”

[It’s probably the military fighting against a monster. It’s not like all monsters would be lured by the dungeon.]

Immediately after the two spoke, a siren came with a good timing. The notice that he only heard when it rained a lot and the river flooded, tickled his ears.

[Ladies and Gentleman of JongNo district! Please evacuate to other worlds if you’re still inside the buildings! There’s danger of being attacked by a large 2nd class monster! I repeat!]

“……”

[……]

The alarm that a large 2nd class monster had appeared repeated itself continuously after that.

While Erta was facepalming at the fact that there was a 2nd class monster that hadn’t been trapped by the dungeon, Yu IlHan muttered while sighing.

“Please let it be weaker than the Brown Big Bear……”

[Are you afraid of the fight? If it’s the you I’ve seen so far, then against 2nd class monsters……]

“No.”

Yu IlHan’s shoulders drooped.

“If it’s stronger than that bear, then I need to strip its hide and make a new armor.”

[……]

Here was a master who was afraid of shovelling more than fighting.



Chapter 19

As he was already wearing armor, there was nothing else he needed to prepare. Just that he did some maintenance on his steel spear while he was borrowing the anvil and the hammer. Although he didn’t show it, he was worried that the spear may have been damaged during the fight with the Brown Big Bear yesterday.

Erta also didn’t say anything about it. Wouldn’t it turn into a huge incident if his spear broke in the middle of combat? Warriors should always take good care of their weapons. Although Yu IlHan didn’t really know about that, as he wasn’t a warrior, he didn’t want to go through the trouble of making another spear.

Because he had the Eternal Flame and max level blacksmithing, he was able to finish repairing the weapon in just a few minutes. The result that popped up was this:

[Fatally Sharp Steel Spear]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power – 1,100]

[Durabiliity – 715/715]

[Option – 20% increase of critical hit chance]

[A miracle made by human with solely the use of technique and effort and without the help of mana. Thanks to being maintained by top class tools, its stats improved.]

“……”

What? The attack power increased by 300 just by reparing it!? Moreover, it was only blacksmithing, but there were both alpha and beta options. As he was the one to strike the steel, Yu IlHan knew more than anyone how amazing this feat was.

Although he knew that this wasn’t the time for this, Yu IlHan looked at the anvil and hammer alternatively before quietly making a request to Erta.

“Gimme this.”

[No.]

Thanks to spending a few days time with Yu IlHan, Erta’s retorts towards Yu IlHan became quite considerable. At her clear cut words, Yu IlHan gave up getting new tools and had to leave the workshop with Erta, who became palm-sized and nestled on top of his head.

“What did you become human sized for?”

[I was doing other work as a human. Now, I’m back to being your support again.]

“You differentiate so meticulously, eh……”

After lightly waving his hand towards the Eternal Flame, which flickered as if seeing him off, he went outside, where the noise become louder by a level. He could even hear a building collapsing with a boom!

There was no need for him to put any effort into searching it. He just needed to run towards where the dust cloud could be seen. As he neared, the sounds of guns, helicopters, explosions, and collapses resounded louder as if they were trying to make him deaf.

[KuuuOOhhhoohhh!]

At that place was a huge lepoard. A leopard bigger than the brown bear that he had defeated the day before!

The moment Yu IlHan arrived at the scene, it was swinging its front paw to strike a helicopter from the top of a high-rise building down. It was as if watching a monster movie, but this was reality.

And even at this time, the soldiers, who were confronting this crisis were desperately fighting.

“RPG, even the RPG isn’t working!”

“fuck, those with advanced jobs go and stab with a knife or something!”

“This is a highly populated area, we know! However, this needs a missile, or else at this rate, the Blue House will be penetrated, the Blue House!”

Yu IlHan didn’t have that much trust in the strong friends until now, but he couldn’t not be surprised after seeing that even field-grade officers were at the front lines. Although, it may just be that the situation was more serious than he thought it was.

“It’s coming, it’s coming this way!”

“Escape! Scatter!”

It wasn’t only the soldiers who were there. A few armed ability users, and some people who had advanced to their 1st jobs were attacking the leopard with their weapons.

Even though they could pile up experience and record in other worlds, they had clearly given that up and were remaining on Earth, fighting against a monster which had a strength above that of 2nd class. Yu IlHan couldn’t just laugh at them for being foolish.

Yes, they were in the right. No matter how strong they could become in other worlds, if Earth, if the country they lived in, turned into ruins, then wouldn’t it all be meaningless?

They knew that, so they put their lives on the line. Despite the fact that they didn’t have the confidence to defeat that monster. Despite the fact that they could die in a single attack of its paw.

He somehow felt pathetic for sharpening his spear in order to defeat the monster for sure.

Although his self-guilt disappeared as he knew that he might be in danger if the steel spear broke in the fight due to not maintaining it, in its place, feelings of wanting to help them as soon as possible welled up inside his heart.

Although I don’t have any thoughts on putting my life on the line for others, if others can live if I just work a little harder, then I’ll gladly put in that effort. – This was Yu IlHan’s motto.

“Heh!”

With a strange shout, Yu IlHan started running. He ran on the collapsing concrete with each step, pushing the gear inside his heart up by one.

The leather armor covering his body didn’t hinder him. Instead, it was as if it was pushing him forward by helping the wind.

The surrounding objects, the commanders who were urgently calling somewhere, the soldiers who were flicked away by the leopard, they were all passed by.

Nobody noticed him.

He had no intention to have anyone notice him.

‘I want to use mana quickly.’

After he had surpassed the limits of humans with training in the one thousand years of his life, he was never disappointed in his own body while moving. However, now that he was taking several seconds to approach that monster even at his full speed, he felt unsatisfied.

If I had learned mana, I could enhance my physical abilities. If I had magic, then I would be able to call wind to fly in the sky. – He thought.

The leopard started dashing. After swiping two armored vehicles and swatting a bomb onto the ground to make it explode, it smashed against a high-rise building again. Some ability users attacked it and were in turn also attacked.

It was fortunate that the ability users attacking with long-ranged magic were alright. However, the people who were trying to wound it in close combat were all tattered. There might even be those who had died.

[It’s clearly stronger than the Brown Big Bear. Such a pity, Yu IlHan.]

“……”

Erta lightly mentioned the joke Yu IlHan had said a few minutes ago, but right now, Yu IlHan, who never forgot to make jokes, ignored her and kept running while squeezing out all the strength of his muscles to produce a speed that surpassed the limits of stats.

The moment he neared the leopard, he kicked off the ground and jumped high while confirming its position. He kicked off the wall of a nearby building to jump high, and kicked off the wall of the opposite building to jump even higher. After repeating that several times, he was several tens of meters in the air. Even so, nobody noticed him.

He was never so thankfulthat his presence was weak until now. Yu IlHan muttered while holding the spear with both of his hands.

He changed his trajectory by kicking off the wall of a high-rise building nearing him. This was the last. While quickly moving through the air, the figure of the leopard became larger and larger.

Was it unsatisfied even after destroying so many buildings? It was holding up a military vehicle with soldiers inside, with its front paw.

The soldiers had resolved themselves for death as they threw grenades into its wide open mouth, but even that didn’t give it a fatal wound. Well, even Yu IlHan had the confidence to not get wounded by grenades, so it would be strange if the leopard got injured from that.

While falling towards his target in midair, Yu IlHan pulled back the spear with all his strength.

The leopard’s huge face was getting nearer and nearer, opening its mouth to swallow the vehicle whole. At that moment, the figure of Yu IlHan was rellected in its two yellow eyes.

Yu IlHan struck the spear into left eye with all his strength.

[Critical Hit!]

[KraAHHaRRaaa!]

It was a scream that made world tremble. Its eye bursted with a rupturing soun, the fluids covering Yu IlHan’s entire body.

With that, his presence appeared in the world. This was a moment when the atmosphere of the warzone changed.

“Sungdaein Bolt……!”

“He’s changed but it’s him for sure. It’s Sungdaein Bolt!”

“He didn’t go to another world.”

“Fuck, we’re saved now……!”

The leopard which was clinging onto a building wall couldn’t withstand the pain and slid down. The fact that it didn’t let go of the military vehicle even while it was sliding was truly frightening.

Yu IlHan was holding onto the spear that had been embedded into its eye, only swiftly pulling it out and jumping down when it had let go of the military vehicle.

As a result, the half-pulled out steel spear slid down its face, following Yu IlHan and inflicting a large wound which covered its face from the eye to the chin.

[KuhooOooo!]

It moved its feet while twisting its body, but Yu IlHan was already out of its range. Moreover, while it couldn’t come to its senses due to losing one eye, bullets and magic hit its body from all directions. Although small, there must have had been some damage.

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan landed, creating a footprint on the bumper of the military vehicle which was falling to the ground helplessly. Immediately, he lightly swung the spear to slice off the vehicle’s roof and hugged the two soldiers who were obediently waiting for death with one arm before jumping off the vehicle.

Despite the fact that he was still several tens of meters in the air, his actions had no hesitation.

“What level are you!?”

“I’m 3!”

“I’m 2!”

“If you don’t want to die then hold me tight!”

After the soldiers hugged him, which made him uncomfortable, he landed on the ground with a booming noise.

Although the already cracked concrete floor split apart completely due to the crash, he only felt his legs go numb.

After landing, he freed the soldiers. They were looking at Yu IlHan as if gazing towards a hero, but Yu IlHan had only saved them because he didn’t want to see people dying in front of his eyes. There was no reason he wouldn’t save them if he could do so.

“Run.”

However, it wasn’t like he could explain that to the soldiers in detail. Yu IlHan, who became awkward, left behind one word before kicking off the ground again. The leopard that had fell onto the ground had its eyes glued on Yu IlHan.

One eye was pouring out blood, while the other eye was looking at him with the desire to kill.

Well, it had taken the most damage from him, so it was obvious that he would become its target. That monster was not as stupid as the brown bear to forget the situation due to pain, so it seemed like it wouldn’t let Yu IlHan go back into concealment.

However, that didn’t matter. It was an opponent that he could defeat head on.

He increased his running speed while smirking a little.

“So cool……!”

“The leopard’s aggro is all on Sungdaein Bolt! We need to attack now!”

“Everyone use magic! Aim for that blasted eye!”

The majority of the people here had probably met for the first time today, and were rolling around in the same battlefield. Despite that, they were matching their breathing with only the desire to kill the leopard in their heads. The desires stacked on top of each other to transform into a sharp blade.

Of course, this was only possible as Yu IlHan appeared to allow them time to breath, but the effect was larger than Yu IlHan had thought.

[Krr!]

The leopard’s growling sounds towards the humans became more frequent as attacks continued to hit it. It flinched and was unable to move its body as it wanted. It was because all the people were aiming their attacks at its blasted eye, following someone’s words.

And at that moment, the final strike came. When a blueish white colored compressed lightning struck its eyes, a devastating amount of blood bursted out from its wound again!

“It’s the Empreess!”

“Even the Empress is here! We’re really saved now!”

[Kuaaa! KyaKuraKaaa!]

Even while it was growling in weird pronounciations after getting struck by lightning, it still didn’t turn its gaze away from Yu IlHan and kicked off the ground.

Was it planning to crash head on at full speed? This was what he wanted. Yu IlHan also pulled the spear he was holding, back a little in a slanted position and increased his speed.

“Uoooh!”

While he was running, there was something that automatically began to boil in his heart. He didn’t hold that in and spat it out as he pulled the spear back even more. There was just 100 meters between him and the leopard. That became 50 meters in a blink of an eye, and under breath’s time, it turned to zero.

The leopard swung its paw as it threw its body. At the attack, from which he could feel that its desire to trample him flat no matter the cost, Yu IlHan also reacted in a similar manner.

Before its front paw attacked him, he had held up the spear and smashed it onto the ground, flying up from the rebound!

However, immediately after that, he smashed into the leopard’s face.

“No!”

“What do we do if Sungdaein bolt dies! ……But isn’t it a bit strange?”

“……What was it that covered his body?”

The shock was large. He felt as if his inner organs were all displaced for a moment. His entire body ached and went numb.

However, the expected death by being crushed by the leopard didn’t happen.

[Khkkkraaa!]

Because there was a countless number of bone blades inbetween Yu IlHan and the leopard, that had received the shock in his stead, the leopard ended up being stabbed in the face.

While trying his best to hold back his nauseousness, Yu IlHan spoke out with a nasal voice.

“……See. It did its job as soon as I made it.”

[I will say just three words. You look hideous.]

He used the leopard’s smash against it and damaged it, but currently, his figure was like a frog flattened by a car – even 1000 years of love would vaporize if seen. It was very fortunate that Rita wasn’t here.

Yu IlHan thought while putting the bone blades back into his armor.

One must not try to look cool or otherwise, they will end up appearing like a fool.



Chapter 20

The leopard, which was put in a situation where it was no different from having washed its face with a large-scale hedgehog, ran around wildly while howling in pain.

The effects of the bladed armor was better than Yu IlHan had imagined. He had inflicted more pain and damage than when he had blast open its eyes, so that was all that needed to be said.

“Aoo……! It’s so, fucking, swaying, so much……!”

[Yu IlHan, I’m getting sick……!]

“Don’t puke on top of my head!”

This time, Yu IlHan pulled out the blades from his gloves and boots and fixed himself on its face as if striking a nail into a cliff in order to not fall off from its body, when it was swaying its head so much.

Then, he nimbly avoided its front paw which was flung at him, and moved around. In that process, it was continuously damaged by the blades.

[But that armor, seems quite……! Useful!]

“Fuu……Kuk!”

[Krrraaa!]

The leopard seemed to have realized that it wouldn’t be able to shake Yu IlHan off as it crashed towards another building. It tried to shake him off by smashing into the building! It may be a foolish action, but for an animal, which its front paws were not so free as a human, it was the best method.

Yu IlHan crawled up its face while kicking its face while he was at it(A small amount of damage was inflicted everytime he did that).

“I… should have… learnt… some… mountain climbing……!”

[You’re doing pretty well, now too.]

Was it because he had learnt the trick to everything due to the infinite labor? Even while making a big fuss, Yu IlHan could arrive on top of its head by moving his body just before he crashed with the building at a climbing speed that even Knuckles would cry after seeing him.

However, the moment after he fixed himself on top of its head by stabbing the boot-blades, he could feel an overwhelming physical shock. He subconcsiously moaned and his body leaned forward, so he desperately put strength into his legs and grounded himself on top of its head.

“Kuhuk!”

[Khkr!]

The leopard growled even more violently. It had realized that it couldn’t shake off Yu IlHan. It tried to shake him off somehow by continuously smashing its head against the building, but Yu IlHan, who had firmly nailed his boots in its body, comfortably positioned himself and held on while striking its head.

“uu……Huaaap!’

[Everything’s good but do something about that weird shouting!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit has become Lv2!]

The spear did its worth of having been reborn by the hammer and the anvil while bullying the leopard. Although the level of the leopard was unknown, Yu IlHan’s spearmanship, which was honed to a superhuman level, kept inflicting valid hits, and if a critical burst out, then the effect multiplied and gave a horrifying pain to the leopard.

Whether it was the skull mask or the armor or the leather inner wear, it was soaked in leopard blood, but Yu IlHan didn’t stop. No matter how the leopard smashed into a building, collapsing it, or going crazy, he didn’t sway and he struck the same place with an accuracy greater than that of a machine’s, frignteningly reptitively.

His arm muscles, which were trained to be as hard as steel, and the untrembling spear even with a shocking amount of physical shock, pierced its hide and pulled out blood!

[Kuuurrraaa!]

At one moment, the leopard stopped trying to smash its head against buildings and it swayed as it couldn’t extend its front leg. It had become dizzy due to the blood loss from Yu IlHan’s continuous attacks.

This was the opportunity that the humans were looking for so much.

“It’s slowing down!”

“Corner it more, more!”

The moment the target was acquired, all the people in that area started an all out attack. The soldiers threw away their rifles, which were basically meaningless, and shot with heavy machine guns and cannons and tattered its hide, and the close combat attackers approached it from the other side of the artillery fire and slashed its leg and beat it.

The leopard was 2nd class, and it had a higher level at that as well, so to be honest, human attacks from around 1st class didn’t have much of a meaning. However, when it stacked ten, hundred, thousand, ten thousand times, it eventually produced a result of the hide being pierced and the muscles being injured.

Human wave tactics weren’t scary for nothing.

At this moment, in front of the human’s will which agglomerted on survival, the monster kneeled.

At that moment, Erta spoke in a serious voice.

[Yu IlHan, finish it off quickly.]

“What is it, I think it’ll be over soon?”

[……This leopard, it might earn a 3rd class at any moment.]

Before her words even finished, the spear he was swinging bounced off. Was it just that? From its wound, where its hide and bones were ripped off, gross strands of muscles bursted out by cluttering in one place.

The scene was as if they had their own will while moving.

With the scene which made Yu IlHan pale in fright, as he had never confronted a monster which wasn’t out of an ‘animalistic’ form at least until now, albeit huge and absurdly hard, in front of her, Erta spouted out some words vaguely as if chewing her anger.

[It’s mutating! It will evolve into a higher class monster for real!]

“Fuck!”

The strands of muscles which came out from the wound assaulted Yu IlHan. He hacked its body while moving with a pale face, but the strands of muscles annoyingly agilely chased him, looking like a leopard’s ‘that’.

He could slash them apart if he swung the spear with both his arms with all his strength, but ‘they’ came out endlessly from the wound and assaulted Yu IlHan. On top of the leopard’s head, he stood firmly while swinging the spear and shouted courageously.

“Fuck you, you nonsensical monster! If you want to to shoot a tentacle video, then bring an elf archer or a princess knight to do it with, not me!”

[How can you be so leisurely! Do you even know that I can’t help you even if you die here!?]

“It’s because I might cry if I don’t spit out some jokes!”

While spouting out words as if he didn’t want to lose, he swung his spear.

Erta told him to finish it quickly just before. That meant that this thing haddn’t earned its 3rd class perfectly yet!

“Shit!”

While swearing when he was slashing apart the strands of tentacles……muscles, a flash of lightning blanched his vision.

The effect of the lightning was considerable. A portion of the strands of muscles were destroyed after burning to a crisp, and the rest also received damage and were constricted. Yu IlHan didn’t let go of that opportunity to snap them off completely.

At that moment, there was something else other than lightning that came to his ears. They were the loud helicopter noises and a woman’s voice which didn’t get buried by such a sound.

“I can’t kill it with my attack! There’s too much of a difference in level!”

Although he expected it the moment the lightning flashed, it was the Empress’ voice.

Anyway, what’s she trying to achieve by saying that to me – Yu IlHan thought while dashing on top of the leopard’s head to stab the spear on the wound where the muscle strands were coming out from.

“I have a short-term buff magic!”

A buff? It sounded quite attractive. When he gestured that he was listening without stopping his attacks, the Empress’ voice came again.

“If I use it once, I’ll deplete my mana. Can you definitely kill it!?”

“Just give it to me first!”

Yu IlHan shouted towards the empress who was shouting at him while standing on the helicopter by grabbing onto the door. She should have just given it to him, why is she talking so much! Isn’t the stronget person here Yu IlHan!?

However, the Empress’s next actions made Yu IlHan accept it.

“Then I’ll believe you and leave it to you!”

With those words, the Empress, who jumped off the helicopter, had landed by grabbing onto his leg!

“The buff is all good, but it needs physical contact!”

“Did you mean that you will leave your life with me when you said ‘leave it to you’!?”

Well, it was very reasonable for her to ask if he was sure to kill it! However, without even a moment for Yu IlHan to say that ‘don’t leave something so heavy with me’, with a electrifying feeling, power boiled inside his body. The Empress’s buff had worked right away!

[Thunder Spirit dwells in you. For 30 seconds, attack power, movement speed, and critical rate increases by 50%. With a fixed chance, lightning power dwells when attacking.]

[From the moment the buff ends, all abilities will decrease by more than half for 3 minutes.]

[This woman is considerably good for a human. Just how good is she with her control of mana to have both an attack and a buff despite being in 1st cla……]

There was no time to listen to Erta. It was because the moment he heard that the time limit was 30 seconds, Yu IlHan positioned himself with the bladed boots and started beating up the leopard’s head.

“Uoooh!”

“If we don’t kill it, then they said they’ll use a missle!”

“Uaaah!”

And a mental buff from the Empress who aimed for that moment! He struck with his spear at a speed which made one wonder if this really was a speed of a living human.

[Kcaa!]

The leopard’s muscle strands shot up before cracking apart and bursting out in blood. Its pain filled scream became higher, but even if it had a heartwrenching behind story, Yu IlHan didn’t even want to know. He only had the thought that he had to finish it before a missle flew at it and finished him off along with the leopard itself!

[Critical Hit!]

[Lightning Additional Hit!]

And while doing that, at one moment, when his spear flew towards its already deeply dug out head, it abnormally pierced through violently, and both a critical hit and a lightning attribute attack bursted out at the same time and a golden light colored their vision.

Immediately after, a huge amount of blood, which couldn’t be said to be a result of a normal attack, soaked both Yu IlHan and the Empress at the same time.

“Puha!”

“Apu!”

[You have earned 784,983 experience.]

[You have become level 28. Strength, agility, health, magic increases by 5 points each.]

[You have earned the record of Lv87 Giant Leopard.]

“Puhu……Uh, it’s dead.”

[You’ve done well, Yu IlHan.]

To Yu IlHan, who was looking at the green text which floated on his retina, and was dumbfounded, Erta spoke with a tired voice. Despite it being less than Yu IlHan, who was the one who fought the fight, she had become mentally fatigued as she didn’t know that a 3rd class monster would appear already.

However, in the end, they could finish it off before it evolved to a 3rd class monster. He thought that it might be possible if he worked to death, and it was possible. If Yu IlHan wasn’t here, then as the Empress said, they might have to use a strategic weapon, and if they did, loss of lives and damage of properties would have increased rapidly.

“Is it really dead?”

“……You didn’t receive experience?”

At the Empress’ honest question, Yu IlHan questioned back dumbfoundedly, but the Empress who was still clinging to his leg, became dejected after hearing his words and replied while looking down.

“Now that I think about it… We didn’t make a party……”

That was a really sorry thing. However, it wasn’t something that he should be sorry about as Yu IlHan only knew about the concept of parties as he was a loner.

Instead, he had thought that they would earn experience according to contribution when the leopard died, but it wasn’t like that. It was meticulously a winner-takes-all system.

[The duration of the buff ends. All abilities decrease by more than half for 3 minutes.]

With the buff being over, powerlessness assaulted Yu IlHan. It was probably because he drew out all the strength from his body.

He wanted to rest by falling down just like that, but on top of the leopard’s head, it was extremly dirty with all the sliced muscle strands and splashing blood so he held on with all his might. At that moment, to make matters worse, the leopard’s corpse fell down onto the ground as it lost all its power and made him lose balance.

Thanks to Erta, who thought that it may be too bad for him to die by being squashed under a monster’s corpse and helped him a little, he could hold out a little.

“W, we won.”

“We won! We really killed it with our own strength!”

We did it……We diiid iiit!”

“Sungdaein Bolt! Sungdaein Bolt!”

“Last carry from Empress was so awesome! Empress!”

When the leopard fell, everyone, who was at that scene, cheered excitedly. Whether it was the military personnel or non-military people, everyone was thinking the same thing.

We survived! We won! We did it! Earth will be able to push forward!

However, while everyone was cheering, only Yu IlHan’s expression paled rapidly. As it was covered by the mask, the Empress didn’t see that, but Erta ignored that and saw through his state.

[What is it, Yu IlHan? There’s no more enemy now. You have won completely.]

“But……”

He looked at his surroundings. It wasn’t that he was looking at the destroyed buildings but he was looking at the wide back of the leopard.

At the hide which became tattered due to various magic and weapons.

“I can’t make a new leather armor……!”

[Ao. I should really.]

And he said he didn’t want to make a new one too! Currently, Erta truly wanted to smack Yu IlHan once.



Chapter 21

The first thing that happened after the battle was over was the rescue process. The people who couldn’t escape to another world in time, the people who were injured during battle, people who were trapped under rubble…… As the battle was big, the scale of casualties was big as well.

Yu IlHan and the Empress also went into rescue as soon as they got off from the body of the leopard, but the figure of Yu IlHan lifting up rubble weighing several tons easily after he looked feeble for 3 minutes due to the penalty time, was truly overwhelming.

“2nd class is really different.”

“His mask changed, didn’t it? Isn’t that monster’s bone?”

“Theeereee! Watch out for the buiiillding!”

When the rescue was about over, the huge leopard corpse also shrunk by about a half. Even though it was dereased by a half, the humans were agonized with the huge corpse in front of them.

It was because although the distriubution of the spoils of war was also a problem, there was no one, with high enough ability, who could do something about that corpse.

“I’ll try it.”

“No.”

At the moment when one of the soldiers pulled out his knife, Yu IlHan, who just finished rescuing a soldier by flipping a Retona, objected and stepped in. Although he was a loner without social skills, he wasn’t an idiot who would make losses with his eyes wide open.

“I think the ratio of the corpse I should get is the highest, though……”

“Kuk.”

Although it was good to fight the monster with one mind, with the spoils of war after the fight, in front of them, human greed will always appear. Moreover, as they had clear proof that they fought with their lives on the line, no one would want to forgo their rewards to another person.

The problem was that everyone here had put their lives on the line to fight.

Yu IlHan looked back at the Empress and asked.

“What’s the fair ratio?”

As he couldn’t judge, he had to request another person, but it was difficult to believe another person’s judgement. So, he tried believing in her who left her life with him.

“60% to you, 20% to me, 20% to the rest.”

Unlike at the fight, the Empress replied in a cold voice, and Yu IlHan, who heard those words, exclaimed.

The world has turned into one where it revolves around MVPs!

However, one had to say that her calculation was accurate as an entire district would have collapsed, much less the people in it, if not for Yu IlHan.

“Does anybody have any objections?”

“……”

“……”

Yu IlHan looked around and asked if they agreed to her words.

In fact, as they couldn’t reject the two strongest people here, Yu IlHan and the Empress, coming out strong, they also couldn’t tackle the Empress’ words coming from experience when she was the one who fought more monsters than anyone in another world.

“60%, you say, hm.”

Yu IlHan cool-headely judged. There would be a lot of parts on that body which was as big as the Brown Big Bear he fought, even after that leopard’s body had decreased in size.

Even the leather, he wouldn’t be able to make an armor, but that was the armor. He would be able to make partial armors or gloves, and boots and those kind of things; and as for the bones, there was no need to talk twice about it – it will become a splendid material.

And above all.

Yu IlHan nimbly jumped and landed on top of the leopard’s head. Then, he shoved his hand, which was wearing a glove, into the wound he made with his concentrated attack to kill it. Then, he protruded the bone blade and efficiently dug up the flesh and muscles while looking for something. As a result.

“It’s really here. I kinda expected for there to be one.”

[As it’s one who might have acquired a 3rd class so the quality of the magic stone must be considerable.]

The thing he took out was the magic stone which emitted a clear blue light. It was not rice grain-sized, nor was it soybean-sized, nor was it almond chocoball sized, and it was as big as a Ferrero Rocher!

“It’s a magic stone!”

“Whoa, a 2nd class monster’s magic stone……!”

“Gulp.”

Yu IlHan looked back at the Empress and asked. Her calculations were worth trusting.

No, in this situation, there was no one other than her to believe in.

“How is it?”

“That looks about 60%.”

Immediately after the Empress nodded her head, he naturally in-my-pocketed the magic stone.

“I’ll take this so you guys take the rest by yourselves.”

“No, but it’s a magic stone……”

One of the soldiers raised his voice when he shrank back down after receiving the glares from his surroundings. The gazes of the people who thought Yu IlHan’s achievement was amazing, and especially the gazes from those who were rescued by him, were sharp.

However, as humans were always foolish and and had always repeated their mistakes, there were quite a few people who were possed by greed at the big sized magic stone.

“Don’t we have to at least calculate the magic stone differently!?”

“I also put my life on the line, I damaged it a lot too!”

“Our party claims ownership of the magic stone! We can’t accept a distribution like this!”

The battlefield where everyone’s will had become one had instantly turned into a mess where greed clashed with each other. How could the situation change so fast! Even Erta, who judged the possibilities of Earthlings highly due to the battle just now, was dumbfounded at this situation.

[As always, lower existences are no good. I was foolish for thinking that everyone is like you.]

“Even if you praise me like that, I won’t give you anything.”

[It’s fortunate that you know it’s a praise.]

Yu IlHan smiled at Erta’s words and took out the magic stone which went inside his pocket once.

“Good, then let’s do that.”

“Hmph, you should have done that from the beginning.”

“It’s fortunate that you took it out before the situation turned ugly.”

Just who was ‘ugly’ in this situation? Yu IlHan had such questions but he didn’t say it out loud. They might be thinking that there was a problem with Yu IlHan taking the magic stone as the reward because they have a magnificent dogma and view of life.

Changing people’s way of thinking is not easy. Most thought that they were absolutely in the right so no matter how you bring the truth to them, rather than snapping their thoughts, they even treat it as a lie and attack you.

Of course, this didn’t only apply to them. Yu IlHan may also claim what is wrong as right some time.

And so, solving a dispute with words is in fact, impossible.

His mother, who realized that a long time ago, always told Yu IlHan this:

Why fight with words when you have those splendid fists.

Yu IlHan threw the magic stone with all his strength. The magic stone, which flew past everyone, flew and sunk deep, very deep into the leopard’s head where Yu IlHan took it out in the first place.

It was a throw that will make a mark in history.

“……”

“……”

The moment they looked at the unbelievable scene, the humans all became quiet while reminding themselves of Yu IlHan’s ability which overwhelmed the leopard throughout the entire fight, despite loooking slightly hideous at some times.

“Take whatever you want and give 60% to me.”

Yu IlHan declared in front of those people.

“If there is even a little bit less than 60%, I will beat you all up so keep that in mind.”

Yu IlHan lightly swung his spear and pierced the ground. The undamaged concrete floor cracked apart with a loud sound. Some might say it’s a threat, but in truth, it was an action he did to gather attention onto himself fearing that the passive concealment would activate again.

Silence flowed for a moment, but it didn’t last long. It was because they all knew that they’ll lose even if they fight all together against Yu IlHan.

Especially when he had become stronger, much less recover his strength, due to levelling up by monoploizing the leopard’s experience!

“……Take the magic stone.”

“Do as you want. Shit……”

“We……were too greedy.”

The abiili users who courgeously went up against him all backed off, scared. However, Yu IlHan didn’t laugh at them or anything. Instead, he confidently went on top of the leopard’s head, stabbed his spear, and reclaimed the magic stone without much difficulty.

That action, instead caused the people to shrink back more. It was because they knew that his leisure was not an act, but real.

“If you dismantle my share, then I’ll give you 40%…… Although I want to give you half, you took all the experience so to make up.”

However, there was someone who who was living lively inside that frozen mood, and it was none other than the Empress.

Only she kept her pace regardless of what other people said. Like the time she hunted the monsters inside the campus.

“Which part?”

“Although I need the bones, I think it’s better if you give me more of its hide.”

After the conversation, which sounded like they were at the butchery, ended, Yu IlHan immediately started dismantling. As the Empress’ share was 20% of the body, which counted as 40% after Yu IlHan took the magic stone, the Empress’s share of 20% was half of the leopard’s body!

After a calculation that was faster tha lightning, Yu IlHan started wielding his knife. It wasn’t an exaggeration to call his skills of splendidly stripping its leather and taking out the bones, godly.

Especially his skills in stripping exactly a half!

Only 7 minutes and 30 seconds had passed for the huge leopard to be stripped of its leather by exactly a half. Yu IlHan’s dismantling process was both unrestrained and precise so it was quite a spectacle, and the people could only look at it dumbfoundedly

The process was done.The high quality bones and leather which was piled up on one side was bigger than a person’s height so it was truly a spectacle. The Empress quietly muttered while looking at that.

“I should call for a car.”

Half of the huge leopard’s corpse. Although she had only took the bones and leather without the poisnous flesh, the amount was absurdly high. Even considering that she had to give 40% of it to Yu IlHan, it was still gery large.

The Empress took out her phone and called somewhere. While looking at her doing that so naturally, he had already expected it but it seemed like she was from a considerably well-off familiy. Or that she had made quite a fortune by herself at such a young age.

Regardless of which, Yu IlHan wanted to distance himself from her as he could feel the aura of a social butterfly from her.

“Should I move your share as well?”

“I don’t need it. I’ll leave first.”

The Empress, who seemed to have grown comradery while fighting together, as she showed good intent towards Yu IlHan, and Yu IlHan, who made an AT Field……A wall on his heart due to being uncomfortable with the Empress.

“Wait.”

While he was producing an atompshere that he was about to leave naturally, the people panicked.

“Wh, what about our share!?”

“I don’t steal from others so don’t worry.”

Yu IlHan retorted in cold voice. Of course, he knew very well why the people were trying to hold him here.

“We can’t strip its hide by our stregth alone.”

“Even if we do, it will get all tattered.’

“The boens too. How can we pull those out? Do you want us to cut the flesh apart?”

“I want to earn the reward and go to the other world quickly……”

When one complaint erupted, it spread around like wildfire. Erta muttered with a rotten expression when she saw the people who were becoming of one mind again after the fight.

[I feel skeptical about my work. Maybe I should go to the countryside and make a farm or something.]

“Please do that. While you’re at it, please send Rita in your place too.”

[……I’ll try holding on for a while.]

Yu IlHan, who managed to shut Erta up, once again struck the ground with his spear lightly in front of the people.

“If you give me 50%, I’ll dismantle it for you.”

Although Yu IlHan was a loner, he was a loner with spirit.

To him, who did everything alone until now, there was no way he would be scared of 100 people or even 1000 people gathering up against him, when they won’t be able to do anything.

“Why is it 40% for the Empress and 50% for us!?”

“That ratio is very strange from the beginning! It’s just peeling work!’

“W, wait. If Sungdaein Bolt wasn’t here, we won’t even be able to get any spoils of war. Why are you so upset!?”

“Fuck, everyone’s so brainless!”

“If you don’t want it, then I won’t. If anyone says no, then that’s that.”

While everyone was split into 2 factions – one that supported him, and one that rejected him – Yu IlHan turned around. In any case, he had enough materials. When he said to give him 50%, that was just to bully them.

Like the time with the Brown Big Bear, he tied the leopard’s leather into a bag and put the bones inside.

During that time, a vote was happening between the people, but their opinions never narrowed down into one. Yu IlHan laughed at them and left the place without regret. He really didn’t care about them.

However.

“I have another thing I want to request you with.”

“……How?”

Although he didn’t know when a vehicle had arrived and when everything was loaded, while commanding the vehicle with her share of monster byproducts, the Empress was following him.

Yu IlHan was slightly touched as this was the first time in his life that he was followed by another person. Then, at his question, the Empress truly accurately looked at his eyes between the mask and spoke.

“When I concentrated without taking my eyes off you, I could find you. It’s truly an amazing concealment skill.”

Leaving Yu IlHan, who was getting all fired up to tackle that he didn’t want to learn the concealment, the Empress spoke.

“I want to party with you. I don’t think there’s another person who’s worthy to be my partner.”

“But I don’t think like that though.”

Yu IlHan’s wall around his heart was truly sturdy. However, as if she had already expected such a reaction, the Empress retorted without paying it much heed.

“Like you, I’m also thinking of being active on Earth inthe future. I’m not that weak to go to another world and do easy quests. ……You’re the same right? I think that there will be an opportunity for us to meet again in the future, definitely.”

Yu IlHan also thought that. Of course, it wasn’t that he didn’t go to another world, but that he couldn’t.

The Empress held out her name card. The name Kang MiRae and the contact address, and there was a name of a company that he had never seen before. He could see that she was trusting Yu IlHan considerably as she gave out her identity even though Yu IlHan didn’t expose anything about himself.

“Please contact me.”

Then she left. He wanted to give high points to the Empress…… Kang MiRae that she didn’t bother him so much. Of course, there won’t be a case where he contacts her in the future.

Yu IlHan, who truly became alone, in other words, got found by no one, shurgged his shoulders and muttered.

“Let’s go home. I have a lot to make now.”

[I knew you would say that.]

Erta sighed as if she gave up and pulled on Yu IlHan’s hair. She meant for him to go home.

The Empress, and Yu IlHan all left the place. Without even realizing that Yu IlHan had left, the people were still in dispute, and the leopard’s body, which looked considerably strange as just one half was completely intact, was also left there like that.

And at one moment.

The corpse of the leopard twitched a little, but nobody realized that.



Chapter 22

[To think a 3rd class monster is about to appear already. Just what has Earth come to already?]

“Go ask God for that.”

At that time Erta, who didn’t say a lot at the scene, started chattering 15 hours after Yu IlHan came back home, had a shower, did maintenance on his equipment, had a sound sleep, and went to work in his workshop.

[No matter how much I think about it by myself, I can’t come up with a conclusion.]

“Even if you ask me, you won’t come up with a conclusion. I said go ask God for that.”

Yu IlHan, who already made the 5th Trap of Destruction, retorted while checking that the inlaying process was done properly. Of course, they were all products that didn’t have mana crafting done to them.

[How can you be so calm? This is about your world. Do you know how big of a problem it is for a 3rd class monster to appear, when the soldiers on the front line of defense haven’t even gotten their 1st classes yet?]

That was truly a huge problem. Currently humanity was acquiring strength rapidly by doing suitable quest’s in the other worlds thanks to God’s help, but even so, the balance of strength is still tilted towards the monsters’ side.

Just what else could be done for the humans for the balance to be righted? Erta couldn’t make anything out of it.

“It’s not that I’m calm. It’s just that even if I get nervous, I can’t do anything. So I’m just doing what I can while eating popcorn.”

Yu IlHan asked while finishing the check and picking up a new piece of harkanium.

“How about other countries?”

[According to the reports from other angels, there are none. The monster which showed signs of evolving into 3rd class only appeared in Korea.]

“Then isn’t it due to the Trap of Destruction, as expected?”

At Yu IlHan’s words, Erta became silent. It was because she also was predicting that this happened due to the activated Trap of Destruction in Korea.

The Trap of Destruction directly strengthened the monsters? Of course, such a thing wasn’t possible. However, it could have become the trigger for it.

It wouldn’t have been strange for the Trap of Destruction, which locked up countless monsters in the dungeon, it would have become a serious threat to those which didn’t get locked up, and stimulate the berserking of the monsters.

[In other worlds, monsters were locked up in dungeons before they had the chance to become aware of it. Due to that, in truth, the monsters’ evolution should’ve happened inside the dungeons.]

“Hmm.”

[Inside the dungeons, there maybe cases where a new, dangerous species appearing due to cross breeding, and although small in possibility, there may also be monsters which would earn a mutated record through fighting with other monsters and evolving……]

“Dungeons are fucking pandemoniums!”

Yu IlHan shouted in shock. It was true! Just because you lock them up in dungeons, it doesn’t mean that the monsters are lying down, waiting for the humans to appear!

[However, if you lock them up, they will evolve not by eating humans but other monsters. Just that monsters don’t fight each other unless there’s a special case, so their growth deteriorates if you lock them up in dungeons.]

“So dungeons are necessary for humanity in many different ways……”

[If you know, then it’s good. ……Well, it also means that you, who is making those things, is amazing too.]

“So, we’ve arrived at the conclusion that I need to make the Traps of Destruction faster, eh.”

Erta had praised Yu IlHan, but he retorted blandly and put the harkanium inside the fireplace.

The Eternal Flame, which was now used to processing harkanium, intelligently raised its temperature suitable for processing harkanium while enveloping it, and Yu IlHan, who earned the wanted results in just few seconds, started hammering the harkanium as if he had forgotten all his worries.

Erta sighed while looking at Yu IlHan working when she shook her head when she was about to feel comfortable looking at his work. Yu IlHan working had the charm that would make one watch for one or two days absentmindedly.

[Do you feel well if you just keep making something like you’re doing now?]

“No, well, it is enjoyable.”

He had found the trick of making the Traps of Destruction after a few times, so counting just the form creation, it took a fifth of the time compared to the first time he made it. Yu IlHan retorted while bringing out the artifact’s form without a single mistake.

“The reason I’m making something is to experience new things through that. Whatever it is, if it ends after just making it, then it’s meaningless. Just this Trap of Destruction is like that too, isn’t it?”

[……Is that so.]

Erta reminded herself that Yu IlHan was weak to new information and stimulation. It wasn’t that she didn’t understand why, but when she thought about the background behind why his personality changed to be so, she felt pity.

She was surprised at that fact, since she realized that just now, that she, a higher existence, had sympathized with Yu IlHan.

However, Erta, who didn’t really hate that feeling, spoke to him purely intending to make him feel better.

[Become stronger, Yu IlHan. If you become stronger, then you will be able to see and experience new things. Endlessly.]

“Yeah. I’m also thinking of doing that.”

Yu IlHan absentmindedly replied while continuing his work. Erta was dissatisfied with his absentminded reply, but she would’ve been shocked if she knew just how firm of a will was dwelling in his words.

When he made about 8 of those traps, the angels, who recovered all their mana, returned. When he mana crafted with the help of those angels, now, a ‘vast’ ‘heavenly’ Trap of Destruction was completed. Yu IlHan’s mana crafting levelling up to level 11 was a bonus.

[Options were attached without fail. Just what level is his blacksmithing at?]

[Perhaps due to seeing how the Trap of Destruction was activated, his ability became better.]

[We will install this by ourselves. I will request you with the rest too.]

Thanks to getting used to mana crafting, completing the Trap of Destruction had also ended in an instant like frying beans with lightning.

When the angels, who came like the wind, left like the wind with the Trap of Desturction, Yu IlHan, who watched their backs quietly muttered.

“I don’t know which country it will be, but I hope a dangerous monter doesn’t appear there.”

Unlike when making the Trap of Desturction, there was no need for all the angels to go for installing them. Yu IlHan didn’t go so Erta was also still on top of his head.

And she felt uncomfortable after she heard that.

[Just because a 3rd class monster appears due to the stimulation from the Trap of Desturction doesn’t mean that it’s your fault. Currently, you’re doing an important and great task of stabilizing the current Earth. So……]

“I know. Thanks for minding about me.”

[……]

Erta lost her words, and Yu IlHan stretched his body after putting down his hammer.

“I’m tired. I’ll sleep for a bit.”

[I need to stay with you anyway. For the activation of mana.]

“Yeah, whatever.”

Yu IlHan had another shower after he came back home. However, he washed his hair and when he was about to wash his body with soap, he realized.

“……I feel like my body has become bigger?”

[You didn’t realize that until just now?]

At Erta’s words, he hurriedly looked at the mirror. When he became conscious of it, he could see it properly.

He had grown overall. He became taller, his shoulders became wider, and his arms and legs had grown longer by a tiny bit.

[You will grow more if you level up more and keep advancing classes so it will be bad if you get surprised now.]

“Don’t you think my face became a little more handsome too?”

[Well, shouldn’t it have changed using human standards?]

To a higher existence such as Erta, Yu IlHan’s face wasn’t a characteristic trait. The trait which moved her was not outside but inside.

Of course, she didn’t intend to say that out loud, so she ignored Yu IlHan’s nude fashion show. Even while thinking that he was over exaggerating things.

Yu IlHan had a nice sleep throughout the night.

The reason why he could keep his vitality is of course, something to do with finding something to do endlessly, but it also had to do with him being able to enjoy sleep.

His sleeping time, which wasn’t too long, nor too short, gave him the strength to live a new day. Although, there were times where this ‘new day’ had become two or three days due to being immersed in training or work.

So, Yu IlHan was more proficient in sleeping than his spearmanship or his metalwork. If one had to pick the one who could sleep the most completely and efficiently, he might take 1st place in the universe.

And perhaps due to that, on Yu IlHan’s retina, after he woke up in the morning after a good sleep, a line came up quietly.

[You have awakened Resting Lv Max. Efficiency of all acts of rest increases dramatically. If you have the skill evolution materials, you may evolve the skill to the next stage.]

“Wow, what an alarm!”

Yu IlHan shouted while kicking the blanket. He didn’t know that such a skill existed!

When Erta, who was sleeping on top of his head, woke up and saw the situation, opened her mouth wide, dumbfounded.

[Resting skill? Just when did you learn a skill with a difficulty of acquiring rank of SSS!?]

“SSS rank? This thing is harder to learn than Rasengan!?”

[Just how did you learn it? Even I didn’t learn it yet! Moreover, I heard that levelling it up was more difficult than acquring it……]

Yu IlHan replied honestly.

“I researched how to sleep more comfortably at nights in those several centuries.”

[There was a reason I couldn’t acquire it……]

“Beds are science!”

[Shut up!]

This was the moment Yu IlHan counterattacked for the inventory magic!

“But what do you use this skill for?”

[For sleeping and resting well, of course.]

“If it’s just that, there’s no way you should be so shocked.”

Erta obediently spilled the beans when she heard what Yu IlHan pointed out sharply. Yu IlHan was well-versed in this, perhaps due to reading so many books and now had the ability to read the meaning behind actions. and in the first place, she also didn’t have any intention on hiding it.

[Well, it did become the time for me to explain to you about skill evolution.]

“Oh, as expected.”

Awakening, in other words, it was just that the Akashic Records haven’t realized, but the Resting Skill was already on Yu IlHan from the beginning. and a max level one at that.

However, Yu IlHan had no memory of getting any effects from this skill. Moreover, he had only awakened it now even though he had slept everyday. In other words, it means that the usability of this Resting skill is very small.

Also, if the ability’s effects ended with just that, there was no way Erta would have become so fussed about it when she always talks about being a higher existence.

[Skill evolutions are an extension of skill acquiring, and it’s a type of achievement, and it has a similar definition to advancing classes.]

The answer lay in the ‘skill evolution’ that appeared when the said skill is trained to the limits.

[It could be said to be a guidance from the Akashic Records to offer a new path of a higher order with the special records that the existence has piled up until now.]

“I’m alright so say it easily as you always did.”

[The skill becomes so OP that it makes a plastic surgery ad of ‘Before & After’ laughable.]

“Good, much better.”

The skills that had the conditions fulfilled for evolution that Yu IlHan had were Close Combat, Spearmanship, Concealment, and lastly, Resting.

Dismantling and Blacksmithing were both Max as well, but these two didn’t have a next stage. In other words, it meant that Yu IlHan’s techniques had already reached the peak.

[Let’s forget concealment since you can’t even use it as an active skill, and let’s exclude close combat and spearmanship as well since the requirements for evolving them are too difficult for your current level. This is also the reason I didn’t mention anything about skill evolution until now.]

“So Resting’s a bit different, eh?”

Yu IlHan’s point was correct. The skill evolution materials for Resting skill that Erta knew was different to the evolution materials of other skills.

[Why don’t you check? You already know how to use status windows, right? It’s sufficient for you to think up that you want to know the materials for skill evolution for the Resting skill.]

When he obediently did as Erta said. All the requirements for evolving the Resting skill had appeared in front of his eyes.

[The hearts of monsters of sleeping 2nd class monsters 0/500]

[Troll’s blood 0/500 litres]

[Good sleep 0/100 hours]

[3rd class monster’s magic stone 0/1]

There was a quest that didn’t seem possible even if all the 7.4 billion people of Earth were mobilized.



Chapter 23

“You said it was different!”

Yu IlHan shouted, enraged at the unfair reality. However, Erta also shouted with a justified face.

[It is different! Why don’t you take a look at the skill evolution condition for spearmanship!]

He did as she said.

[Instakill a 3rd class monster with a piercing strike 0/500]

[Instakill a 3rd class monster with a slashing strike 0/500]

[Magic stones of 3rd class monsters 0/200]

[Magic stone of 4th class monster 0/1]

“Oh my Xel’naga.”

As Erta said, it was definitely different. And it was the difference between Mount Baekdu and Mount Everest! 

“That doesn’t mean that it’s easy to climb mount Baekdu!”

[I thought it will be easy for you.]

Erta had evaluated him correctly, but perhaps due to his force he emited when he was making the Traps of Destruction was too big, she was now inclining towards overevaluating him.

“No matter how high my status is and how high my martial art levels are, in the end, I’m just level 28, and I can’t use mana.”

[Oh yeah, you were like that, weren’t you. 3rd class might be a little difficult for you.]

The wall of mana was absolute. According to whether one could use mana or not, the power one could produce differed like heaven and earth.

The reason how Yu IlHan can produce an attack power that can overwhelm other people is due to the peak level martial art that was trained to the peak and went over the piled up status on his body. If he was lacking in any of the two, he would have been overtaken by another person.

In reverse, if Yu IlHan acquired the ability to use mana in this situation, then the definition of ‘levels’ and ‘classes’ that the Akashic Records, which ruled the worlds, may be shaken by him, much less the life forms.

That day will arrive soon. It must arrive.

Erta realized that she was inwardly looking forward to that moment and she stopped thinking. Even during that, Yu IlHan was tidying up his bed, washing his face, and changing his clothes while complaining.

“Just where do you want me to go kill trolls? Do they even appear on Earth?”

[Monsters don’t only refer to the existences evolved from the original animals on Earth. If mana activates, the monsters that didn’t exist on Earth will start apearing. It’s the same as ores that weren’t on Earth appearing. Like a lobster cannot live on other environments than 1st class waters, there are many life-forms which cannot live unless the concentration of mana reaches a certain point, in this universe.]

“Did you major in the faculty of explanation or something?”

Yu IlHan cleared things up while complaining at Erta’s perfect explanation. Even if he goes out in pajamas, no one would realize him due to the passive concealment, but he didn’t want to admit that as he even put on the Direwolf Skull Mask.

“Let’s see.”

The reason he turned on the TV just before he went out was because of the thought that the TV may broadcast him the results of the Trap of Destruction that should have activated yesterday. Erta told him to not mind about it, but how ocould he? A master had to take responsibility for the item he makes.

However, on TV, a scene out of his expectations was being broadcasted.

“……Isn’t that the scene where I fought two days ago?”

[You mean the square you left the Giant Leopard’s corpse.]

The view of the video was shaking as it was taken from a helicopter, but the scene the camera was showing was without a doubt, the place a lot of people, including Yu IlHan had fought the gigantic leopard.

Some high-rise buildings had collapsed miserably, and in some places, even the rubble matched so this wasn’t a recording.

However.

“To think they divided that up in such a short period of time. That’s interesting.”

He couldn’t find any traces of the huge leopard’s body, even after he rubbed his eyes. the mountains of leopard meat that Yu IlHan had left on the scene was also gone. With only traces of the battle, the corpse, and the large number of humans had cleanly disappeared.

[……It may be a bit different to what you’re thinking.]

At that moment, Erta spoke with a slightly stiff voice. When Yu IlHan was about to ask back while tilting his head, he could hear a voice from the screen.

[The place which had the 2nd class monster’s corpse, is, as you see, clean. It had disappeared along with the people who were fighting over the spoils of war after the battle.]

“……What?”

It didn’t take long for Yu IlHan to realize that something was wrong.

[Some are saying that a dungeon had opened and swallowed them. The authorities are mentioning the possibility that a dungeon’s entrance may have opened in the middle of the city, and are cautioning not to approach this area and……]

The broadcaster’s words continued, but Yu IlHan couldn’t focus on that. His eyes trembled.

“There’s no way it’s a dungeon.”

[So you know well.]

Erta nodded her head. Her expression was frozen codly like an ice field.

[The dungeons in Korea have already gone through their 1st activation. If new monsters appear due to the activation of mana, then there maybe a possibility of new dungeons appearing at that time, but it definitely isn’t now.]

“That means.”

Immediately after Yu IlHan muttered. The camera screen which was showing the ruined city, instantly colored black with a loud crash sound. Immediately after that, the screen changed to the news desk and showed the dumbfounded news caster.

The news caster tried to hide the ripples, and said ‘It seems there is an accident at the scene’ and was proceeding to cover it up, but Yu IlHan had already seen through the situation.

“There was another monster.”

[……So you saw it.]

“Of course I did. Its strategy seems familiar.”

Yu IlHan had acquired almost all martial arts and methods to move his body in 1000 years. However, this was limited to human techniques, there was no way he would be able to realize the technique that monsters used.

However, Yu IlHan had seen through it. What did this mean? The answer was already there.

Concealment, it was a master of concealment.

“It was definitely a leopard. And it was a pitch black one too. ……Erta, you.”

[I didn’t know either. The giant leopard was definitely dead, and you even procured its magic stone. 99.99% of monster hunting end at that point.]

“What about the 0.01%?”

[If it was pregnant with a child.]

“I knew it.”

Yu IlHan facepalmed. He felt like he would collapse just from that so he had to endure while clenching his teeth.

The black-furred leopard that appeared for an instant on the screen, was the child of the Giant Leopard that died 2 days ago.

[If you dismantled it properly, then this wouldn’t have happened. In the end, this is a disaster that was called forth by human greed.]

“I had to take a step back at that time.”

[Although it’s true that the black leopard was born as a result of you not dismantling it, but that doesn’t make you responsible for that disaster.]

To Yu IlHan, who was muttering bitterly, Erta retorted with a bitter smile.

[You can’t make a mistake about that. Please look back at the reason why you had no choice but to leave that corpse there.]

“I have no regrets about my actions then. However, I can’t take the deaths of countless people lightly. Among them, there were some who I rescued, and some who showed me good will, and some who intended to take it fairly.”

Yu IlHan’s despair was bigger than she thought. Erta still hadn’t understood him fully. Erta despaired for a bit when she realized that obvious fact just now.

She thought that she wanted to console Yu IlHan. After that, she thought about why this situation occurred. Just why did a higher existence such as her couldn’t see through the existence of that monster.

[If you want to talk about mistakes, then it’s with me. I should have thought more deeply about the reason why the Giant Leopard had gone in a frenzy.]

“So it was to hide its offspring?”

[It’s definitely to hide its child in its womb that it had gone in a frenzy when it was near death. Originally, it might have fooled humans, but it shouldn’t have fooled me but……]

Yu IlHan thought up of the black leopard’s figure which appeared on the TV screen a moment ago.

“Concealment. This is the reason why you couldn’t find it.”

[Yes. It’s an amazing condition. Even I don’t act while thinking that a frenzied monster had a child and that child’s special ability is concealment.]

Moreover, Yu IlHan, who had max level dismantling and could dismantle even a huge animal’s body in a short time, didn’t completely dismantle it.

Thanks to the humans’ skirmish, the dismantling of the huge monster was postponed, and as a result, the black leopard was born safely and had……

Thinking like that, it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that the birth of the black leopard was a miracle.

“I wish that it wasn’t, though.”

Yu IlHan asked while looking at the panicked and sweaty expression of the news caster inside the screen.

“Is it a 3rd class?”

[Considering it’s abnormal concealment ability, it probably is.]

At Erta’s report, Yu IlHan heaved a sigh and turned the TV off. It was just a moment ago when he concluded that he couldn’t win against a 3rd class monster, and now… he felt frustrated.

However, he couldn’t leave it like that as if he did, there was no knowing how many accidents it would cause. Moreover, although he might be taken over by the people who were doing quests in other worlds, Yu IlHan was still the strongest on Earth. If he pulled out saying he couldn’t kill it, then just who would be able to confront it?

Finally, although there was no one looking for him to be responsible for this, Yu IlHan himself couldn’t stay still as he felt disturbed. To Yu IlHan, who always thought that he should clean up what he’s done, that leopard was a mess that he had to clean up with his own hands.

He thought up of the figures of the soldiers who were looking at him with admiration, and the figures of the people who cheered after they survived the ordeal.

He subconsciouly clenched his fists.

“I should prepare.”

[Are you confident?]

“It maybe a bit difficult to deal with it alone, but if I make the necessary preparations, it isn’t an opponent I should fear so much, is it?”

Unlike the Yu IlHan, who always thought up his path of survival first, he looked very spirited. Erta slightly wondered at that fact, but the reason for Yu IlHan’s confidence was extremely simple.

It was because the ability of the leopard, which is expected to be 3rd class, was concealment.

If it was a case where its stats were all put into strength or defense, then he wouldn’t know, but if its special ability was concealment, then there was no reason to fear! Since Yu Ilhan, who had mastered concealment without even training for it!

Immediately after Yu IlHan showed his confidence, he asked Erta with a careful voice.

“……It’s not awesomely strong in strength and defense even after all that, right?”

[Your predictions are correct to a point so don’t worry. It’s impossible for an existence to show exceptional ability in all areas. That’s especially the case with monsters. In that leopard’s case, to gain its high concealment ability, its other stats would have decreased.]

“So it’s like that, eh……”

Yu IlHan thought and left the house. Just by his feelings, he wanted to kill it after levelling up massive amounts, but he couldn’t let it free in the middle of the city. if it was a dungeon instead, then he might have left it alone, but as it was a living, and a 3rd class monster specialising in concealment at that, he couldn’t do that.

Kill that monster after making equipments optimized for killing it in as little time as possible and kill it. This was the best method. If that didn’t work, then he would just run.

Also, there was another method to decrease casualties while killing it.

“A man shouldn’t speak two things with his mouth though……”

But there was no helping it. There were a lot of things in this world more important than a man’s pride.

Yu IlHan licked his lips even while unhesitatingly heading towards a public phone booth he had marked beforehand. Then he checked the ID card that he received two days ago, and entered the Empress’, Kang Mirae’s, phone number, clumsily with his fingers.

This was the beginning of the strategy to save the front line with the dropout and the Empress.



Chapter 24

[……You called me quite early, haven’t you?]

Kang MiRae’s voice over the phone sounded very surprised. Although unintentional, Yu IlHan, who felt like he was a cheap man, retorted bitterly.

“You saw the TV, right?”

[……Yes, you mean the one about the dungeon that appeared in the middle of the city?]

“That’s not a dungeon. It’s a monster. And it’s a strong monster which has a concealment ability.”

[……So it was like that.]

There was no need for an additional explanation for Kang MiRae. Just with that, she had seen through the situation and fell into thought.

He felt like he could hear her thoughts. Yu IlHan waited for her answer while wanting to end the call quickly and go back to his workshop, and he could hear an answer soon.

[I see what happened. It seems very dangerous.]

“I’m planning to kill it. Of course, I don’t have any intentions in forcing you to do it.”

Although he actually wanted to take her there even if he had to drag her by the arm, there was no way he could force a person to help with killing a monster which was estimated to be in its 3rd class. If she rejected, Yu IlHan was planning to go alone.

However, Kang MiRae unexpectedly replied confidently.

[I don’t have any plans on backing out. I also had a fault for not thinking about the fact that monsters would remain at that place. However, I need some preparation. Just in case, I will contact the government and the military.]

“I also have to prepare things, so I will call you again in a while.”

[I understand.]

Just how amazing was she that she said she would call the government and the military like asking a next door lady? – Although he wanted to ask that, there was no way he would get an answer. He just felt satisfied that the rope that he got a hold of was stronger than he expected.

After Yu IlHan ended the call, he headed to his workshop. The Eternal Flame was still burning in his fireplace, and the metals including harkanium were also keeping their place. Well, in fact, Yu IlHan didn’t even need to worry since the entire workshop was protected by the angels’ protection magic.

In fact, the things he were worried about was the byproducts of the Giant Leopard. The bones and leather amounted to ¼ of the entire leopard. As he did the basic processing on them after he came back fron the hunt with the help of Erta, he could go into work straight away.

“Good, shall I start?”

[What are you planning to make? There are not enough to make a defensive equipment, and even if you make a weapon, it will be impossible to surpass your steel spear.]

Although he couldn’t use the leather as a whole as there were holes in various places, it didn’t hinder at all what Yu IlHan was about to make right now. Whether Erta looked curious or not, he didn’t pay any mind and went into work.

First, he selected the thickest of the bones and intentinally shaved it roughly. He also carved out some bits on the surface to make spikes from place to place to look like a spinal bone.

[……I asked you what you were making.]

Erta, who got mad easily as her pride was high, kept speaking on top of Yu IlHan’s head. She honestly looked cute so Yu IlHan smiled and replied to her.

“A pillar.”

[A pillar?]

As the answer was too unexpected, Erta blinked her eyes. Well, the carved bone did indeed look like a pillar. it easily reached over 2m, and had a thickness comparable to a person’s entire body. It was a size that made one estimate just how big of a monster the Giant Leopard was.

However, what was the reason that he had to make a pillar? Her head was full of question marks. This happened several times after she came down for his support.

“I didn’t say anything since I already knew you would react in such way. Wait a little more. You will know soon.”

If a person made one object, then naturally, it would take less time for that person to make the same object. This was because the person would find the trick and remember the experience after trial and error.

And the master of labor, Yu IlHan, had peak-level techniques to reduce the time taken by half when making another item of the same object.

[This makes no sense.]

“It’s just finding the trick to it. The trick.”

[You will keep saying that it’s the trick, aren’t you !?]

“Yes!”

As expected, Yu IlHan held grudges.

[Be honest, you can already use mana, right?]

“Then why would I do such a bothersome work like this? I would have gone to beat that leopard up already.”

One pillar, two pillars, four pillars……In a blink of an eye, the number of pillars increased and in the end, 6 huge bones were made into spiked pillars. The characteristic trait was that it had a hole at the head.

[Hmm, I think I kinda get it.]

“Right?”

[You’re planning to make a giant-only necklace by connecting them all up, right?]

“Go back to pre-school.”

The pillar ended with six. The things that Yu IlHan made next was very obvious in Erta’s eyes.

[This is a spear.]

“It’s not.”

And Yu IlHan denied her as always. He selected and sharpened some bones which were a bit thinner than the pillars but not shorter, and in Erta’s eyes, it was definitely a spear.

However, when work progressed, Erta also changed her expression. It was after she saw Yu IlHan make a hook at the end of the blade.

[……So it isn’t a spear but an harpoon, isn’t it?]

“Yes.”

In spearmanship, there was method of using spear called javelin throwing. In the first place, there were cases where javelins were differntiated to spears.

The thing Yu IlHan was making right now, was a harpoon, which was a type of a javelin to throw at the prey, pierce it and drag it. Piercing power was obvious and it was important that it wouldn’t be pulled back out once it had pierced something.

Like the pillars, he had made 6 harpoons. Of course, he didn’t forget to make a hole at the end of the body.

This took him a mere 30 minutes. It was an impossible working speed, but Erta, who had watched him making Traps of Destruction until now, it wasn’t that amazing.

[You’re planning to make a rope now, aren’t you?]

“Correct.”

There was a harpoon and there was a pillar. What was left was just the rope that connects the two! Yu IlHan turned his gazes towards the leather of the Giant Leopard.

It wouldn’t do with just an ordinary rope. He had to make a rope that wouldn’t snap even with a 3rd class monster at the opponent.

[How cruel of you to kill the offspring with the mother’s bones and leather……]

“I can attract aggro, it’s all good.”

He used the knife to cut the leather equally to make strings, and he twisted a few of them together to make strong ropes.

Although there were a lot of leather, as he was proficient in labor, it was possible for him to make 6 amazingly strong and amazingly long ropes in just 30 minutes. As there were 6 of several tens of meters of ropes, just piling them up would have considerable weight.

“Now.”

[There’s still something else!?]

At this point, Erta was already shocked at Yu IlHan’s ability, but Yu IlHan didn’t stop. The magic stone of the Giant Leopard he earned after achieving the MVP in front of everyone! He grabbed it and stood in front of the harpoon.

Erta was dumbfounded. She didn’t understand why Yu IlHan put every material he had into making a single weapon.

[Don’t you feel wasteful?]

“How could I?”

However, Yu IlHan had a different way of thinking from Erta from the beginning.

“The only thing I value is my life alone.”

He immediately went into mana crafting.

The thing he wanted was an enhancement as a whole. Sturdy pillars which won’t get pulled out easily, strong ropes that won’t snap, sharp harpoon which won’t let go of its prey after biting it!

The mana crafting skill, which, thanks to producing Traps of Destruction with the angels, rose exponentially in proficiency and have become level 11, supported him. 6 pillars and 6 harpoons, and the 6 ropes that connected them all emitted light simultaenously.

[Violent Cruel Leopard Hunter’s Harpoon was completed.]

[Mana Crafting has become level 12.]

What was more, his mana crafting activation time was even reduced. Not even 20 seconds after he started, the magic stone Yu IlHan held in his hand disappeared and the harpoons, pillars, and the ropes became one set of attack artifact. At that time, Erta grumbled.

[Please bear in mind that mana crafting isn’t a skill which always succeeds, okay?]

“Oh, an alpha and beta option again.”

[And please remember that options don’t always attach!]

Ignoring Erta who was grumbling for some reason, Yu IlHan confirmed the stats of the completed harpoon.

[Violent Cruel Leopard Hunter’s Harpoon]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power – 1,050]

[Options – Critical hit rate and damage increases by 20%, binding force increases by 20%]

[Durability – 960/960]

[A hunter’s harpoon made from Giant Leopard’s bones and leather. Due to an exceptinal maker, it was completed with an absurd strength and performance.]

“Akashic Record, this guy knows some stuff.”

[And it’s a higher ranking option too……]

Of course, options had ranks as well. Although it was difficult to differentiate just by the name, if one looked at the performance of the completed artifact, then it would be obvious.

Considering hte fact that options usually increased an area by 5% or 10%, ‘violent’ and ‘cruel’ were definitely higher ranking options.

“It came out twice as better as I expected. This should be sufficient.”

[And the fact that you always underevaluate yourself didn’t change, eh.]

“The trick to winning is to plan something that would work in a worst case scenario.”

He nonchalantly retorted and skillfully tied the harpoon to his back. Then, he left the work shop and headed to a public phone booth again. It was because it was necessary to set a time to start attacking it with the Empress.

[Are you ready? I’m heading towards the scene slowly at the moment.]

As if she had seen through that the call was from him, the Empress, Kang MiRae, immediately asked that. Yu IlHan rapidly replied.

“Don’t enter. It has a concealment ability so you may get ambushed.”

Although it should be 2 days ago when it should have been born, judging from the live TV from a few hours ago, it didn’t leave that place and was staying there.

And that reason could be known too. It was waiting for them at that scene. To receive the price in blood from the people who killed its mother!

Although it would be the same with anyone who entered its area, Kang MiRae, who killed the Giant Leopard with Yu IlHan had to be especially careful. Especially since she didn’t have a physical attack related job.

[We’re prepared for that though…… Are you planning something else for that?]

“Yes.”

He smiled after confirming the object on his back.

His workshop was 20 minutes away from the battle scene, even by normal people’s standards. He would probably arrive much earlier than Kang MiRae.

“It won’t be able to use its concealment. So wait until then.”

[……I will believe and leave it to you.]

Although he didn’t understand how she would believe in him even though they had only fought together once or twice, Yu IlHan felt good as he felt that she had acknowledged him. He had no memory of acquainting himself properly with anyone before he was left out from humanity, much less the thousand years of his dropout.

It was truly a good thing to be connected to another person, no matter what the method. Although he was tearfully sad that he had realized that just now, he endured since this wasn’t the time to cry.

“Believe as much as you want.”

He retorted lightly and ended the call. His footsteps coming out of the phone booth had became a level lighter. The already fast running speed had become even faster. The armor worn on his body, and even the heavy pillars and harpoons that he had on his back weren’t able to slow down his steps.

Now was the time to hunt for real.



Chapter 25

Yu IlHan stopped his steps while he was running.

Although the sky was still blue as ever when he looked up, the unsafe aura mixed in the air was stimulating Yu IlHan. The killing intent, which was released indiscriminately without a target, told Yu IlHan that this place was not peaceful.

Although he was definitely in the middle of Seoul, his eyesight spotted almost nothing. This was because all the things in the surroundings had collapsed as if there had been a war. While thinking that everyone had rampaged, whether it was the humans or the monsters, Yu IlHan scanned the surroundings as if it didn’t have anything to do with him.

[……There it is.]

Lucky. The black leopard was nearby. Although it was impossible to confirm its size as it kept moving, as the monster was moving leisurely as if it asuumed that its concealment was umatched under the heavens, it was easy to find its location, much less its movement path.

It wasn’t aware of Yu IlHan’s position yet.

“Then.”

While watching it, Yu IlHan pulled down one of the pillars from his back extremly naturally.

“Hup!”

Then he struck in on the ground. The pillar, which had become an artifact, softly pierced deep into the ground at once like a candle to a cake.

“First, the other side.

It should have noticed Yu IlHan by now, with this. He ran fast while preparing for its attack, and nailed pillar(b) in a place 100m away from pillar(a). It was a much faster speed compared to when he nailed pillar(a)

As he didn’t confirm its exact size, he put the rest of the pillars and the harpoons on the ground first. Although he didn’t want to believe that it was bigger than its mother, carelessness would cause death. He decided to move while considering every possibility.

“But.”

Yu IlHan tilted his head after finishing it.

“In my calculation, it should have attacked at least once while I was nailing pillar(b) into the ground, but why is it still moving around this place?”

[Is it looking for an opening to attack?]

“An opening, eh.”

Yu IlHan exposed that opening right now on purpose. His first objective was to attack and fix in place, the leopard which would assault him, as it would be confident in its concealment ability.

However, it didn’t attack him. Even though there was no opening greater than this. Did it lack in hunting ability as a compensation for its concealment? But even so, it’s a 3rd class monster, should it be fine for it to be so lacking?

[Isn’t it that.]

At that moment, Erta spoke carefully.

[It can’t find you?]

“……”

Yu IlHan was speechless. He thought ‘no way’.

No matter how he had a passive concealment ability, he had walked around while nailing two huge and thick pillars into the ground. The fact that his enemy couldn’t notice him even despite that was too strange.

[However, it’s not like you directly attacked the black leopard, right?]

“Yes.”

[Because of that, isn’t it that your concealment didn’t wear off?]

“But what about these pillars and the harpoons? And what about the installed ones right there?”

[It should be under concealment along with you, right?]

“……”

Although Yu IlHan tried to retort to Erta’s sophistry, no words came out of his mouth. It was because he also thought it was like that even when he thought about it. Otherwise, this situation was inexplicable.

“To think that it couldn’t notice even though I was setting traps right in front of its eyes…..!”

[You’re a superstar born for assassination. Why don’t you earn an assassin as your subclass on your next advancement?]

“Kuuuk……!”

How could it be so insulting, even though it was supposed to be a good thing!? He couldn’t even accept Erta’s praise.

Anyway, it was definite that this situation was extremly in his favor. Yu IlHan swallowed his rage and returned to pillar(a) slowly, and picked up the harpoon(a) connected to it, which was connected to the pillar with a leather rope.

His body remembered the length of the rope. It would sufficiently hold out this distance!

The black leopard also seemed to have felt something as it didn’t leave this place. Well, it would fail as a monster if it couldn’t even feel anything strange even after the ground was cracked and two huge bone pillars were pierced into the ground.

Yu IlHan calmly picked up harpoon(a) and aimed at it. At that moment, he felt strength filling his body. Not only the 10% additional damage due to concealment, the 10% additional damage from spearmanship was also added. He inwardly exclaimed delightfully that harpoons were under spears.

“……Fuu.”

After taking a small, deep breath, he accurately aimed at its leg while putting strength into his hands. With an accuracy that will be able to destroy that part! The leopard still hadn’t noticed Yu IlHan, and at one moment.

“Hup!”

With a strange shout, Yu IlHan threw the harpoon. Was the mana crafting that was done prior to the weapon’s completion effective? Like a bullet leaving the barrel, the harpoon, which pierced through the air rapidly, pierced the left thigh of the leopard, when it was about to pass the collapsed building!

“[Kuuuaaa!]”

“Wow.”

A scream that felt like the world was collapsing. Yu IlHan softly exclaimed and jumped backwards. It was because its concealment had worn off as it was bound to the pillar because it allowed an attack to hit, and its whole body had appeared.

Erta, who confirmed its size properly, softly muttered while clicking her tongue.

[It’s about half the size of its mother…… However, it’s definitely a 3rd class monster.]

“I know when I look at that.”

Yu IlHan confirmed the half nailed harpoon and like her, he said while clicking his tongue.

Fortunately, the harpoon had held out and didn’t get pulled out even despite its rampage, but it was not a small shock that the harpoon he had thrown with all his strength in addition to the effects of concealment and spearmanship, had only pierced by half.

[If it was a proper 3rd class monster, even that wouldn’t have happened. You should think it’s fortunate that it specialized in concealment.]

“I know. I know already.”

[KiiiIIiii……!]

it’s enraged growl shook Yu IlHan’s eardrums. Its eyes looking at Yu IlHan was abnormally red. This was dangerous – the moment he thought that, it assaulted towards Yu IlHan like a released arrow.

[KiiAaaooOOOooo!]

However, during its powerful leap, the leather rope connected to the harpoon became taut and made it smash the ground. The rope was awesome as expected of a master’s handicraft!

Yu IlHan, who had already expected this situation picked up harpoon(b) connected to pillar(b) and ran in. Then, he pierced the harpoon on its right shoulder with all his strength!

[Critical Hit!]

[Kuaaa!]

Thanks to the unexpected critical hit, harpoon(b) pierced deeper into its body than harpoon(a). While piercing deep to the point that it was almost buried, it had scattered blood on Yu IlHan’s face.

[KrrrRaaa!]

The black leopard, which was done in twice by the same tactic, became enraged and swung its front paw. It was the first strong and quick strike that he experienced with a monster as the opponent.

As it was a 3rd class monster, there was too much of a difference in basic stats and mana usability, no matter what. Yu IlHan had also expected that pulling out safely after striking from a close distance was impossible.

However, it was very possible to defend after predicting its actions.

“Kuk!”

It struck its front paw head on into Yu IlHan’s arms, which he had crossed in front of him just before he was struck.

An enormous pressure descended upon him. It was a strong strike to the point that he lost his breath.

[KyyaaaoOOoo!]

“Huuuap!”

However, he didn’t break any bones. It was because the bone blades which popped out the moment he was struck reduced the damage as first defence, and the leather armor which had all of his leather processing techniques applied to it, had reduced it again.

Although the bone blades on both of his arms became broken, when he thought that he had exchanged his arms for it, it was acceptable. Blades could be stored up later!

[It’s so frustrating that it actually helps……!]

“Fuu, fuu.”

Although Erta was speaking considerably leisurely as if he had already grapsed victory, Yu IlHan, who was doing the actual fighting, wasn’t that leisurely. It was because he still couldn’t escape its area of influence.

[KyuGAaoooOO!]

While suppresing the pain he felt from his two arms, immediately after he pulled out backwards, it made blade-like winds while violently slashing apart the air with its front paw.

Yu IlHan, who thought that it had simply cut apart the air, had to become pale and duck the next moment.

Since the wind had become a blade and was flying at him!

“What is that!?”

[It’s a skill, what else could it be!?]

While dodging by stepping backwards hurriedly, Yu Ilhan picked up pillar(c) which he had left on the ground

During that, the black leopard fell down due to the rope which bound him before it could charge at Yu IlHan, then it tried to pull the harpoon out which bound him by rampaging but only bled. Then, in the end, after confirming that there was a leather rope connected to the harpoon, it raised its claws.

[Throw the harpoon before it tears off the rope!]

“I know!”

Yu IlHan inwardly felt that he was in a mess even while percing pillar(c) into the ground hurriedly. He had never imagined that it had a long-ranged slashing skill!

Honestly, he had thought that the monsters he had fough until now were just ordinary animals, just enhanced hugely, so he had only thought that it would work if he had a strong harpoon.

However, reality was different. And it will become more different in the future.

‘So I have to fight with even stronger things than that in the future.’

First, he had to start by throwing away his common knowledge. Going further, it was important to prepare various strategies and weapons to fight against any monsters! This was the moment Yu IlHan had a realization bigger than anything.

“Hup!”

However, whether he earned a realization or not, it was important to kill the being in front of him right now. Yu IlHan, who dodged the second set of wind blades that came at him by rollin on the ground, stood up after picking up harpoon(c). Then, he shot it before it could attack again!

[Kyaaa!]

The harpoon pierced deep into its left paw. Even if it manges to cut the rope apart, unless it could pull out the harpoon completely, it wouldn’t be able to use wind blade with that foot again! Erta spoke out in surprise.

[So you have talent in throwing spears as well, don’t you?]

“Call me Ishmael.”

Yu IlHan still hadn’t given up on the Moby Dick joke. However, going by how Yu IlHan became more positive the worse the situation became, the situation was not that easy to solve.

Although it was good to bind it using harpoons, he had no methods of damaging it, when it was rampaging so much.

At that moment, the person who could solve this situation had arrived. Yu IlHan noticed that thanks to the noisy engine sounds…… engine?

“So you really did seal its concealment!”

The empress who had arrived on an armored vehicle that looked very sturdy even at a glance.

“Twin Lightning!”

[KuGYYyaaaCCkkka!]

With an absurd level of lightning magic, which was capable of stunning a 3rd class monster!



Chapter 26

The black leopard which got hit by a strong bolt of lightning collapsed on the ground with a boom. As the three ropes that bound him became taut, it damaged the body even further.

Immediately after that, the armored vehicle Kang MiRae was driving arrived near Yu IlHan and stopped. Kang MiRae, who peeked out her body a little through the window had a small bottle in her mouth, and inside, something luminescent could be seen. Now that he thought about it, she was also wearing a metal mask which covered her nose to her forehead and not the Hulk mask.

“Just how did you bind such a monster?”

“That’s what I want to say.”

To say the magic just now from Kang MiRae was 1st class magic, it was too strong. Of course, as they weren’t in a situation for him to ask that, Yu IlHan retorted and just kicked off the ground. In his hands was pilllar(d).

“Here!”

Bang! Yu IlHan ended up becoming proficient in nailing pillars into the ground as only one chop down with the pillar, pillar(d) had dug deep into the ground.

After fixing it firmly with a punch, he aimed harpoon(d) which was connected to it towards the black leopard which was just lifting its body up.

[KuYuuu! KuFuaaa!]

The leopard didn’t seem to have gotten rid of the electric shock despite lifting its body. It had lost its mother before it was even born, and even more, it was bound by its own mother’s bones and leather. This was a pitiful scene.

And so, Yu IlHan decided to finish it off quickly.

“Hup!”

[KuooWaaa!]

Harpoon(d) unerroringly pierced its right paw. At the instantaneous throw and hit, Kang MiRae even panicked for a moment as she couldn’t understand the situation.

“Whenever you think you can put a hit in, attack. That guy’s so strong so we don’t know when the pillars will be pulled out.”

“It doesn’t seem like it will be pulled out at all, though.”

Ignroing Kang MiRae’s words, Yu IlHan moved his body again. Although 4 harpoons had pierced its body from 4 directions, it was insufficient to bind it fully.

Most importantly, its mana hadn’t depleted yet! As though it had decided to escape the binding’s first, it grit its teeth while shooting blade winds onto the leather rope continuously.

[KuAOoooOOOOooo!]

Yu IlHan checked its state while driving pillar(e) into the ground. If it could use its power through its gaze, it would have killed Yu IlHan already. A truly overwhelming hostility and muderous intent was endlessly pouring towards him. Even though it had received a considerable hit from Kang MiRae’s lightning just now, it didn’t seem to mind her at all.

[Ku……KuoOOooo……!]

“So you want us to die together.”

It was a gaze he met a few times while hunting a few animals in order to master dismantling.

Although all existences put life as its foremost priority and do anything and everything in order to protect it, there was a time where its desire for survival would be surpassed by another desire.

Ironically, an existence would shine the most brightly at that moment. It was like a flame that burned even more intensely as it knew the emptiness that comes after it becomes extinguished.

Yu IlHan threw harpoon(e). Striking its left eye, blood gushed out like a fountain.

“It will attack. When can you counterattack?”

Without even checking the results, Yu IlHan asked while escaping that place. Kang MiRae also replied while turning on the armored vehicle’s engine.

“If you want pocket change lightning then I can do it now, and I can use a really strong one in 2 minutes!”

“Okay. Please tell me before you use your ultimate attack.”

Immediately after he spoke, blade winds flew towards him. He had pierced both of its paws to seal its blade winds, but it didn’t seem to mind as it kept swinging its front paw.

Naturally, the paws couldn’t endure the shock as blood erupted from them like waterfalls, but the truly formidable thing was that even that blood was mixed into the blades as it shined even more frighteninglly.

[It’s also called Blood Buff, but……Simply speaking, it’s berserk! It will be stronger so be careful!]

“I knew that was it!”

Immediately after Yu IlHan rolled on the ground, the concrete floor was soundlessly dug deep. It was a place where Yu IlHan was at just now. As if panicking at that scene, the armored vehicle Kang MiRae rode also became louder.

“I don’t think I can approach it……!”

While rolling on the ground with pillar(f) in his embrace, Yu IlHan clicked his tongue. The blood blades became more serious and flew all over the place as time went. The leather ropes binding it gradually reached its limits and it was stretching with a worrying sound.

It didn’t mind even though the harpoons pierced into its body was ripping its muscles and bones while shaking all over the place, and was going to free itself. It was a movement to take its enemy’s life while being sure of its own death!

Kang MiRae, who was in the armored vehicle, kept shooting lightning but it couldn’t stun him like it did last time. He had to hold out for 2 minutes!

“Fuu.”

Yes. He never thought it would be so easy in the first place. Wasn’t it a 3rd calss? How could it be called 3rd class when it became bound due to an preemptive strike and be riddled with holes just like that and even get hit by lightning and die? That was called a punching bag.

“Can’t you use some stronger skills to stop it!?”

“How about this!?”

A short reply came. Along with that, a machine gun popped out of the armored vehicle’s window and it started shooting towards the black leopard madly. Yu IlHan shouted one syllable while looking at that.

“Ah!”

[You’re worried that its hide will be damaged, right?]

“You, from when did you know me so well……?”

If there was one amazing thing, it was the fact that machine gun bullets didn’t help at all to the point that it would make Indians shocked. 

There was no need to talk about whether it had a large calibre or whether it was made from special materials. In the first place, due to its violent movements, more than half had missed, and even when they hit, it couldn’t even make a mark on its hide. It was overwhelmingly lacking in power and technique.

However, if it was Yu IlHan, it might have been different.’

“Lend me that machine gun!”

“You can even use guns!?”

Kang MiRae voiced out in surprise, which was rare for her. Obviously, the person who mastered all personal weapons over hundreds of years was Yu IlHan. He had the confidence to shoot guns better than anyone than any other humans on Earth that went to a business trip to another world!

Moreover, thanks to the monster running all around the place, he couldn’t use his spearmanship or close combat without taking a big risk. It seems that the moment he pierces harpoon(f) into its body will be the moment all the rest of the harpoons will be pulled out harmonically so that was meaningless, if there was any possibility……!

“Just give it to me!”

“Fred, give it to him!”

Although he guessed from the fact that the leopard was still getting hit by lightning despite the machine gun spitting sparks everywhere, it seemed the one shooting the machine gun was not her as expected.

After another wave of its blood blades flew at him, when Yu IlHan nimbly approached the armored vehicle, a heavy belt of bullets came down first. While receiving that, he rolled once more to wrap the belt around his body, then he caught the machine gun which was thrown outside the open door.

“But the machine gun doesn’t have much effect……”

Although the brown haired foreigner, Fred, spoke with confusion even while passing the machine gun to Yu IlHan, Yu IlHan ignored him and ran to another side. Blood blades flew and it sliced off the armored vehicle’s door.

“Dodge!”

At the same time as Kang MiRae’s warning came, the black leopard finally pulled out two of the pillars. This meant that it had exerted enough strength to pull out the pillars even though the leather rope hadn’t snapped yet.

“Even so, I really made that harpoon and rope well. It even endured such an enormous strength, right?”

[This is not the time to be positive!]

As the balance which bound him crumbled, the other pillars also became worrying at once. There wasn’t much time before it regained freedom!

Even while he was joking with his mouth, Yu IlHan’s two hands moved busily to check the state of the gun, connect the bullet belt and load before rolling once again on the ground.

Now, the leopard was only few meters away from him. The rope pulling it from the other side also looked dangerous, and the piillar was already being pulled out little by little. There was no monster like this.

However, Yu IlHan was also locking onto it without being late. Yes. With the machine gun.

“Eat bullets, you alien monsters!”

[This monster’s from Earth, though?]

As the machine gun spat fire, one line popped up on Yu IlHan’s retina.

[You have awakened Shooting Lv Max.]

Immediately after that, bullets started hitting its left eye, where harpoon(e) had pierced and pulled out from.

[Kihyaaaccc!]

“Huuup!”

Whether Erta thought that shout was strange or not, Yu IlHan endlessly shot bullets. Even though a human body was supporting the machine gun, he didn’t shake at all.

Just how hard was it to shoot bullets into the exact place one wants while ignoring the rebound occuring from shooting the bullets?

However, such a difficult thing was possible for Yu IlHan.

The macine gun bullets, which shot into its eyes continuously called forth a miraculous difference as if it made one wonder it was still the same machine gun that Fred used.

[Kuaucc, KSUXNCCUCCjc!]

A blood waterfall flowed. The black leopard rolled around the ground while screaming sounds that didn’t seem like it was from the human realm. Even so, Yu IlHan didn’t stop. He nimbly rolled onthe ground to follow it and pulled the trigger after aiming its left eye again!

The machine gun bullets slowly, very slowly broke its bones as they hit in the same spot again and again. To the point that it made one wonder if it was possible to break its brain like this, if it wasn’t a 3rd class!

“……Is there some buff on the gun that I don’t know about?”

Kang MiRae quietly muttered in shock while looking at that scene. The figure of one little human blocking a huge leopard with a single machine gun seemed grand as if modern civilization was struggling with its last strength in front of the change in environment.

“Magic!”

Yu IlHan shouted.

“Can you do it now!?”

“7 more seconds!”

“Okay! Attack whenever possible!”

“Yes!”

Fortunately, he had enough bullets. Yu IlHan shot bullets into its eyes while calmly moving around to dodge its wildly shot blood blades, and when he thought that about 5 seconds had passed, he threw the machine gun and the bullet belt and jumped.

It was to where pillar(f) and harpoon(f) was.

[KYYaaaKDSKDKC!]

With a good timing, it pulled out all the pillars from the ground. With five pillars dangling and dragging on the ground, it jumped to the air!

And at that moment.

“Triple Lightning!”

The moment Kang MiRae shortly shouted, Yu IlHan’s vision colored in gold. The absurdly strong streak of lightning streaked through the air and hit the black leopard!

Yu IlHan saw that it had lost all its strength and dropping down. However, Kang MiRae voiced out!

“Concealment!”

3rd class monsters were amazing. Even though it was beaten up and burt, to think it still had the mental strength to plan the fight.

Moreover, concealment? It seemed Yu IlHan’s guess was wrong. It was trying to leave this place through whatever means possible. After realizing that it wasn’t a match for them, it was trying to escape and look for a next chance!

Of course, whether it did or not, Yu IlHan didn’t care.

[KAHACK!]

The shortest, but the most fatal scream resounded out. It was a scream that burst out from Yu IlHan nailing pillar(f) without hesitation into its bloody left eye as it was falling down while activating concealment!

Yu IlHan muttered while clicking his tongue.

“I said it wouldn’t work from the beginning.”

Bang! The black leopard and Yu IlHan fell onto the ground simultaenousy. Yu IlHan agilely stuck onto its head to lessen the shock, but the black leopard received a double hit without any of that so it was in a near-groggy state.

However, Yu IlHan didn’t even rest and moved. He started to tie it up with the rope tying piillar(f) and harpoon(f).

“He… saw through the concealment……”

Just how much surprise does he have to give her in one fight before being satisfied? While Kang MiRae, who leaned powerlessly onto the seat after shooting out lightning, muttered in shock, Yu IlHan tied the leopard’s entire body with the rope and as a finisher, he pushed harpoon(f) into its butt, hard.

[You have learned Binding Skill.]

[You can just kill it without tying it up, though……?]

Erta asked in confusion, but Yu IlHan shook his head and distanced himself from the black leopard which couldn’t move at all. Then, he slowly approached Kang MiRae who was dumbfoundedly looking at him.

“Wh, what is it?”

Kang MiRae, who felt a type of madness from his movements, asked in a slightly scared tone. If someone who knew the Empress, heard this, then that person would be shocked. In fact, Fred, who was next to him, was also very shocked.

However, Yu IlHan, who didn’t know of the Empress’ reputation, nor was he interested, declared firmly to her, who was about to run away.

“Aren’t we gonna party? Should I eat the experience alone this time too?”

Yu IlHan was a kind adult who does not make the same mistake twice.



Chapter 27

Partying was truly simple. It was done with Kang MiRae grabbing the offered hand.

[A party has been made.]

[Party members : 2]

At that moment, truly wondrously, he felt that Kang MiRae was much closer to him than before. It wasn’t just a psychological element. It felt as if his five senses had extended and embraced Kang MiRae inside it. Yes, if two existences were put inside one community, this kind of thing was possible.

“What? You’re like a person who’s partying for the first time……”

“I twitched only because it had been a while.”

Yu IlHan, who calmly replied to Kang MiRae’s a little too accurate question, thought that he should be more careful in the future and brought out his steel spear and held it. Now that he thought about it, this was the first time he picked up the spear since the battle began.

“Fuu……”

Yu IlHan’s gaze on the black leopard which was pouring blood from all over its body, was very cold.

Just how much did he suffer while fighting against that even though he had prepared meticulously!? He didn’t have any thoughts in keeping it alive even if it begged on its knees.

Although it would meet death in a few minutes even without him doing anything, he didn’t know what it would do in those few minutes. He first took a short, deep breath, then threw the spear with all his remaining strength.

[You have earend 2.938,097 experience.]

[You have become level 36. Strength, Agility, Health, Magic increases by 10.]

[You have earned the record of Lv102 Shadow Leopard.]

After a few lines appeared on his retina, a deep shock assaulted him. The pressure from the change in his physical body by levelling up by 8 levels from level 28 to 36, was very big.

Yu IlHan clenched his teeth while enduring the pain from the squirming of his muscles and bones from the self-evolution. Kang MiRae also seemed to undergo the same thing as she wordlessly shivered inside the car.

“And here, I thought I monopolized it too this time, phew.”

Yu IlHan thought that something had gone wrong as he had received an overwhelming experience compared to the Giant Leopard, but it seemed Kang MiRae had received the experience normally. Erta noticed his question and nonchalantly replied.

[There’s a huge difference between 3rd class and 2nd class. Of course, 1st class and 2nd class are the same.]

“‘That so.”

The pain disappeared suddenly like it came. Yu IlHan lightly stretched his body on the spot to adapt to his new physical body, then looked at the black leopard which was slumped down on the ground without life.

More specifically, he looked at its hide.

“That’s no good either.”

[I wondered why you didn’t say that earlier.]

It was a 3rd class monster. No matter how it specialized in concealment and had less durability than other 3rd class monster’s hides, it was still leather from a 3rd class monster! If he could make an armor from that, it would surpass the leather armor he was wearing now by a large margin.

Of course, as it was a 3rd class monster, he had to use all means possible in order to kill it. The result was that tattered hide right there.

“Sorry I wasn’t strong enough…..!”

[Don’t apologize to the leather.]

Yu IlHan cried tears of pity as he dismantled it. Although he couldn’t make an armor, there was lots of other things he could do with the leather.

Now that it came to this, he had no choice but to make partial armors. The moment he stuck the knife inside its head while resolving to make the best partial armor on Earth –

“……Huh?”

Yu IlHan voiced out his surprise.

“There’s a magic stone?”

[The mother and the child both had magic stones? Such a good luck.]

A magic stone was the remains of the monster’s strength. If the mana which should leak out at the moment of the monster’s death coagulates, then that would be called a magic stone, and so, it was pure luck whether one would acquire a magic stone or not by killing monsters.

The statistics that humans in other worlds had produced was 17%. The probability decreases as the their class becomes lower, and as their class becomes higher, the probability of a magic stone being generated becomes higher by a little bit.

Anyway, Yu IlHan could be cconsidered as having awesome luck.

“Wait, then this.”

Yu IlHan couldn’t not think of the evolution conditions of his resting skill. Now that he had earned the 3rd class monster’s magic core which was considered the hardest, couldn’t he now just fulfill the other conditions!?

However, he put away his thoughts after remembering that this was the product of party playing. It wouldn’t be too late to think about how to use this magic stone after fairly distributing the spoils of battle.

He was picky about his principles in such strange parts.

“I earned a little less than 1.5 million. How about you?”

At that moment, Kang MiRae got off the car and talked to him. Yu IlHan honestly replied.

“I earned a little less than 3 million.”

“3 million……”

She smiled bitterly and repeated that number in her mind. Yu IlHan also noticed that the corner of her mouth had curved up.

“But the difference is less than I thought. I thought that my contribution was way too little.”

“If it wasn’t for you, miss Kang MiRae, I wouldn’t even be able to kill it. I thought you were a critical help though……”

He had no thoughts of flattering her so his words were honest. However, Kang MiRae’s voice was still low.

“Do you think so? In the case of a party, the absolute judgement criteria of contribution is the distribution of experience, so your words are probably correct…… wait, can you tell me your name since I don’t want to keep calling you ‘you’? Or should I call you Sungdaein Bolt?”

“It’s Yu IlHan.”

The answer came at light speed. He didn’t like his nickname that much. Kang MiRae burst out laughing with a ‘pfft’ after looking at his response. He thought that it was fortunate that her mood had become better.

“That magic stone is yours, Mr. Yu IlHan. I told you last time, right? Magic stones have the value worth 60% of the total. The contribution is about 2:1, so assuming that you will do the dismantling for me, then I think it will be alright to split the body in half, are you alright with that?”

“Is it alright to give you so little?”

“I think you don’t know but the most important thing on Earth right now is not warriors, nor magicians, but a master dismantler. I don’t think there’s anyone who dismantles better than you, Mr. Yu IlHan, on Earth right now. So, it’s natural to receive that much compensation.”

Yu IlHan, who became ticklish at her praise, silently put away the magic stone and started dismantling. The black leopard he thought to be smaller than its tmother, didn’t shrink after even after it died, so the quantity of the leather and bones he got from dismantling was way larger than what he got from its mother.

While realizing that monsters puffed up their bodies the more they were weak, Yu IlHan wielded the knife busily.

While he was doing that, Kang MiRae ordered Fred to recover the machine gun and the bullet belt and called somewhere with her phone. As Yu IlHan had thought so in the past, it seemed definite that she had a connection to somewhere whether it was the government or the military.

[I think it’s good to have a good relation with her. Amongst humans, she’s a rare one to have pride, ability, honesty and background.]

“Getting into a relation with another human is hard in itself, Erta……”

At the advice Erta gave him purely because she thought about Yu IlHan, he retorted with a dark voice.

Even while she couldn’t reply back to him in astonishment, the dismantling process was going well. After peeling all of its hide, in the process of removing useless bits of flesh, he suddenly thought that he might be able to use its tendons and muscles so he also cut them out.

After he separated the parts he could use from the body of the black leopard – the leather, the bones, the tendons, and the muscles – the dimantling was finally over. When he looked back, as he had expected, the vehicle that moved the Giant Leopard’s corpse from last time had arrived.

Kang MiRae’s figure, meticulously ordering to move only her portion to the vehicle, looked like she was strict with herself as much as she was strict with others.

“Mr. Yu IlHan.”

When she confirmed that she had moved all of her portion to the vehicle, Kang MiRae approached him.

“Thanks to you, we could exterminate the monster before the damage spread. I also sighed in relief now that I can go to sleep in peace.”

“Me too, thanks for the help.”

“However, please forget our talk form last time.”

“Sorry?”

When Yu IlHan tilted his head as if he didn’t understand, Kang MiRae spoke while smiling bitterly.

“Didn’t I say for us to go in a party last time?”

“Oh.”

Why does she want to cancel it so suddenly? Of course, he had no shock or whatever since he wasn’t planning to party with her in the first place, but he became slightly unsettled thinking that he might have done something wrong to her.

However, his doubts were cleared quickly. Kang MiRae had explained her reasons.”

“Mr. Yu IlHan is too strong. To say it differently, there’s too much of a gap between our level of ability. It’s not only impossible to to fight efficiently with monsters, at this rate, my pride won’t hold out.”

He didn’t know how to reply when she said her pride wouldn’t hold out. To be sad, he didn’t sympathize, to be happy, he was sorry for her. So, he just listened quietly when Kang MiRae spoke a line that didn’t suit her

“However, in the future, it will be different. You probably know already, but I’m no easy girl. I’ll show you that I will catch up quickly. I will ask you to be my partner then, so please don’t reject me at that time.”

“I will think about it at that time.”

Kang MiRae burst out in laughter when she saw that Yu IlHan wasn’t likely to put away the AT field even he was about to die. Then, she offered her hand. Just like the time they formed a party.

“Thank you.”

The moment Yu IlHan let go of her hand after lightly grabbint it, a line appeared on his retina.

[The party was disbanded.]

With the lightness of gaining freedom and the unknown feeling of loss due to losing a colleague, Yu IlHan licked his lips.

However, it wasn’t like he could grab her now. He bid her farewell while looking at Fred starting the vehicle.

“Goodbye.”

“Oh, before that.”

Kang MiRae, who he thought would leave with the sunset as her background, asked Yu IlHan.

“Can you leave me your contact info for me to contact you ?”

“That’s.”

“I won’t give anyone your name or number, Mr. Yu IlHan. I promise.”

Can I trust her? Yu IlHan asked himself.

Astonishingly, as a positive conclusion was reached, he told her his pone number even while hesitating a little bit.

“Thank you. Definitely, we will meet again in the near future.”

Kang MiRae, who received Yu IlHan’s contact info, clenched her fists lightly. Then, she seemed to declare confidently towards Yu IlHan when she left with her men, influding Fred.

Yu IlHan, who was left at that place alone, suddenly realized one fact.

“Whoa! This is the first time a girl asked for my number!”

[You’re too pitiful to be rejoicing over that!]

“I never rejoiced. I just received the rights to stand in front of other people confidently!”

[That’s even more sad! Other people aren’t even aware of you anyway!]

Yu IlHan felt strange now that he thought that Erta had come to know him too well.

“Are all angels as sharp as you?”

[You’re just incredibly simple.]

Yu IlHan frugally took his worth of spoils while listening to Erta’s grumbles and he left the scene.

No, actually, he looked around carefully before leaving. Because it would be his mess to clean up if there was a monster egg hidden inside the fucking flesh!



Chapter 28

Yu IlHan returned to his workshop. It was after he confirmed that the TV changed the announcement of the dungeon in the middle of the city. As he had expected, the Empress really had some amazing connections.

However, he didn’t need to know any of that now. The only important thing was: his skill!

[Sleeping 2nd class monster’s hearts 0/500]

[Troll’s blood 0/500 litres]

[Good sleep 12/100 hours]

[3rd class monster’s magic stone 1/1]

Yu IlHan couldn’t hide his smile while looking at the renewed resting skill evolution criteria.

“I knew people who do good things will get good things.”

[I don’t hate your positive mind that much.]

Was it Yu IlHan’s imagination that he heard it as an indirect insult? After he shut Erta up by shaking his head, he looked at the remaning homework.

“So the biggest problem is the trolls. I haven’t heard that there have been monsters from other worlds appearing on Earth yet……”

[If it was someone else, then he could have just received a suitable quest in another world to do it with.]

“Hmph, do you think I’m doing this since I don’t want to go to another world?”

Erta, who made Yu IlHan mad with a joke, consoled him by calling wind to cool his face.

[The concentration of mana on Earth is getting higher rapidly so you don’t need to worry. You will be able to meet trolls much faster than you think.]

“But you know? When you read fantasy novels, aren’t troll’s blood really popular and such? Aren’t they like more expensive than their weight in gold as a representative material in potion making? Isn’t the requirement for the resting skill to evolve because troll’s blood has a characteristic to heal wounds?”

[Yes, of course.]

Erta replied positively in a delighted voice.

[If you have extreme poison resistance!]

“Fuck that.”

Why does that resistance go up by a level each time! weak poison resistance, poison resistance, extreme poison resistance – he couldn’t imagine what resistance will appear next.

[Don’t trust fantasy novels so much. Just what kind of insane human would drink monster’s blood raw? It isn’t that there aren’t any potions in another world, but the ingredients to make potions have nothing to do with trolls.]

“Yeah, whatever.”

However, that didn’t change the fact that troll’s blood was needed to evolve the resting skill. A skill that requires a monster’s blood that a human cannot drink.

Just where did this skill come from, and where is it going? Yu IlHan fell into half-worry, and half-expectation.

[Sleeping 2nd class monster’s hearts are quite difficult too, are you alright with that? You need to kill it in one go and not two or three goes.]

“I think I will be able to manage that if I enhance my weapons somehow……”

When Yu IlHan’s gaze turned towards the Harkanium on one corner of the workshop, Erta pulled on his hair.

[I said no.]

“Please gimme a little.”

[No.]

Although Yu IlHan got mad again, Erta couldn’t take a step back in regards to that.

[The balance will be too tilted. It’s a preferential treatment just to let you use the hammer and the anvil. So before the quest ends, just make some good weapons.]

“Tch.”

Well, it was indeed thankful that he could make his weapons with the wondrous tools that went beyond this world. As he had already repaired his steel spear, he could really feel that fact.

However, even if he processed steel, it was difficult to make anything better than the steel spear he already had. Now that it came down to this, was he to challenge processing titanium? Yu IlHan shook his head after he thought to that point.

“I should have learnt more deeply about processing bones.”

[Even so, considering your talent, metallic equipment will see more light.]

Yu IlHan also knew this well. This was also the reason he was thinking to whisk some harkanium away too.

“Ah, damn it all. Let’s just make what I can make now.”

[I wondered why you didn’t say that.]

The damaged leather which could only be used to make partial armor, and the black leopard’s bones which were more sturdy compared to that, and the muscles and the tendons he took just in case – these were all the materials he had.

He first repaired the mostly damaged harpoon set. As the pillars and the harpoons made from the Giant Leopard’s bones were mostly intact, he only made the ropes more sturdy and tough by supplementing it with the black leopard’s leather.

After organizing the six-in-one set to use it any time, he now turned his gaze to the muscles and the tendons.

“The muscles’ elasticity is no joke, this is.”

[You’re not thinking of something strange again, right?]

Why not? He grinned as if imagining about something and exprimented with the black leopard’s muscles.

However, no matter how elastic the muscles were, it was impossible to surpass the propulsion power made by modern gunpowder. As expected, even after becoming a monster, is it impossible to surpass the limits of modern gunpowder! – While Yu IlHan was sighing.

The tendons which had just toughness and no elasticity compared to the muscles were thrown away, ended up falling into the fireplace.

“No! I was planning to grill it and eat it after I learn extreme poison resistance!”

[It will rot before that!]

Anyway, I thought he was making weapons, but he had that kind of goal!? – Erta thought.

However, the tendons which fell into the fireplace showed an abnormal change. Yu IlHan, who noticed it fast, observed it with lights in his eyes.

“Look at this guy……?”

Was it because it had come in contact with the Eternal flame which cannot exist in this world? Or was it because the birth of the black leopard itself is abnormal? Although no one knew the reason, the thing happening now was neither magic nor miracle – it was reality.

As the Eternal Flame burned more and more while emitting light, the tendons were changing little by little while becoming heated red.

“You should have told me if there was such a processing method……!”

With shiny eyes, Yu IlHan fixed his gaze on the fireplace. However, Erta turned her face away with a hmph.

[I don’t have any relations with production and creation. There’s no way I will be able to know the change in characteristics of a monster’s tendons after meeting the Eternal Flame, is there?]

“Grill it a bit harder. I need to see the critical point.”

Yu IlHan was already not listening to Erta anymore. The Eternal Flame raised its temperature as if it had understood his words, and the black leopard’s tendons heated up even more while enduring the heat which was at a level not seen on Earth.

“Stop.”

Yu IlHan saw through the critical point with the instinct he refined for hundreds of years. At the same time he gave a signal, he carefully puled out the tendon with tongs.

After waiting until it completely cooled down, he used all sorts of tools in his workshop to hammer it, pull it apart, smash it down and even checked its heat resitance and cold resistance. After that, he could come to a conclusion.

“I will name this the Giant’s Rubber Band.”

The black leopard’s tendons were orignally tough. It didn’t get affected by fire, water or shock that much. However, when it came into contact with the extreme flames of the Eternal Flame, a truly amazing characteristic was added – and it was an elasticity that easily suprassed the black leoapard’s muscles.

Although it was hard to pull due to the amazing hardness, the elasticity produced the moment it was pulled apart and let go, was truly amazing. Yu IlHan didn’t call it the Giant’s Rubber Band for nothing.

It was no different to an extreme power source which produced more strength than it was applied with.

[It is surely amazing, but what are you planning to make with this?]

“There’s only one thing.”

That was the pile bunker. Although the basic principle was the same as a gun’s, it was a bothersome but a strong weapon for destroying the enemy by nailing the opponent using metal spikes instead of bullets, shooting it using the power of gunpowder at a super close distance.

Yu IlHan was thinking of making a pile bunker using the elasticity of the Giant’s Rubber Band instead of gunpowder.

[It’s you who’s strange to think of something like that!]

“Eternal Flame, you remember that temperature just now? We will process all the tendons here!”

Ideas about the device that he could make using the Giant’s Rubber Band burst out inside Yu IlHan’s head. He could also calculate how he would process the bones to supplement that.

[I really need to acknowledge your energy.]

In the end, Erta also sighed and decided to watch his work.

The biggest and thickest bone was modifed to be the barrel which included the delicate inner parts, and the Giant’s Rubber Band which was enhanced to the extreme due to the Eternal Flame wrapping here and there inside the barrel and being installed – such a process was so natural like flowing water to the point that it made Erta wonder if he was working after having learnt the design by heart.

“It should be good to wrap the handle with the leather, right?”

Yu IlHan created it to fit his use. Although, his standards were monstrous to the point that it could be called a problem.

“If I become stronger, then I can even tamper with the inner parts. I can add more rubber bands to make it stronger.”

[The thought that you’re doing something absurd doesn’t seem to leave my head.]

The pile bunker’s bullet was as important as the pile bunker’s main body! He made this using the teeth rather than the bones of the black leopard. As its body size was huge, its teeth was also sufficiently long and thick, and as a bonus, it was sharper and harder than the bones.

After making a total of 7 bullets, Yu IlHan fell into worry.

“I need to enhance them with magic stones…”

[It’s already sufficiently monstrous!]

“It will be a finisher if I nail the black leopard’s magic stone here.”

[Do whatever you want if you have the confidence to meet another 3rd class monster before trolls appear.]

Erta’s persuasion was strong. In the end, Yu IlHan had to give up on mana crafting. While resolving to enhance it after acquiring a magic stone befitting of this pile bunker…

He made the barrel and the bullet. The only thing left was equipping.

Slotting the bullet inside the barrel was simple. The problem was the process of pulling the loading handle while pulling the bullet inside the barrel and at the same time, slotting the Giant’s Rubber Band in the bullet.

Yu IlHan had made the device with a lot of detail, so it had 1st level, 2nd level, and 3rd level loading. However, as he tried, loading to just the first level was amazingly difficult.

“Uguguguguugkkk…… Mommy!”

[Your mother’s in another world!]

Yu IlHan gasped for breath after barely pulling the loading handle to the first level. It was only possible since it was structured for the bullet to be fixed by a safety dvice.

“How many seconds did I take?”

[About 2 seconds.]

“As expected, it will be hard to use it continuously in practice. Fuck, I called mommy in loading the 1st level so if I load it to the 3rd level, I might call all my ancestors.”

It took 10 seconds to load to the second level, and 2 minutes to load to the third. If he loaded it without stopping from the beginning, it would take much more than that.

Anyway, unlike his worries, he could load it before he called his great-great-great-great-great-great grandmother. After loading, as if it had waited, texts started appearing on Yu IlHan’s retina.

[Lightspeed Pile Bunker was completed]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power –

1st level : 1,200

2nd level : 1,800

3rd level : 2,900]

[Option – Loading speed decreases and attack speed increases by 20%]

[Durability – 1,240/1,240]

[A weapon made by a peak level master smith using the Shadow Leopard’s bones, teeth and tendons. Although it’s truly praiseworthy to have implemented such a power without the use of magic or gunpowder, the fact that it’s hard to use and is a bother to move it around is clearly a disadvantage.]

On the pile bunker, which had an alpha option even without going through mana crafting, had a miraculous option attached. It was the reduction in time in loading and attacking! Yu IlHan was about to cry tears of emotion from the truly excellent option.

However, Erta, who had excellent ability in finding negative isdes to objeccts, interjected without fail.

[That really is a disadvantage. The length goes over 3m after combining the bullet.]

“Hmph, this is for the large scale monsters.”

[Don’t tell me you…?]

“I will now go into creating weapons to confront small sized mosnters!”

[Just rest, REST!]

Yu IlHan didn’t even get tired and made weapons with the Giant’s Rubber band. Continuously until the angels came to make the 3rd Trap of Destruction!



Chapter 29

Time flew by quickly.

He wanted to try the pile bunker out quickly, but he still had lots of things to do. Not to mention making Traps of Destruction, there were many other things such as supplementary defensive equipment or supplementary weapons or other things for hunting monsters safely.

In the end, he stayed in his workshop for more than one month.

[Meticulous Underground Trap of Destruction was completed.]

[Mana crafting has become level 24. You can make better artifacts with less mana.]

An unknown time has passed after he became used to making the Traps of Destruction.

Yu IlHan tilted his head in confusion at the mana crafting process which ended in a blink of an eye compared to when he first did it.

[It, it has both options again.]

[We need to change the trap layout. We might end up with an Overflow.]

Whether the angels panicked or not, Yu IlHan just silently handed the Trap of Destruction over while asking Erta.

“How many is this now?”

[17. The plan is… was to make 11 more, but thanks to your ability, it seems that the number will decrease.]

“Is it because of that Overflow thing that the angels mentioned?”

[You really are quick witted. Yes, that’s right. It’s becase of Overflow.]

Overflow. Leak due to going beyond capacity.

Dungeons? No, the flow of mana characteristic to the Traps of Destruction.

[The Traps of Destruction that you make are too exceptional. Not only is the scale large, it even increases the effect of the Traps of Destruction already scattered on Earth.]

“Do you mean that too much is as bad as too little?”

[if a single Trap of Destruction calls more monsters from a wider range, then eventually, there will be a remnant Trap of Destruction. Let’s say that there is a Trap of Destruction which scatters mana to attract monsters even though there aren’t any. What will happen?]

“……Do humans get caught up instead of the monsters or something?”

[Fortunately, no.]

Erta, who rejected Yu IlHan’s horrifying imagination, spoke while smiling bitterly.

[Random records of the Akashic Record and the flow of mana in the Traps of Destruction mesh with each other to create new monsters.]

“I said make it easier to understand.”

[An awesomely strong boss monster swallows the Trap of Destruction and appears.]

“Good, much more straightforward.”

[……I keep having the impression that you’re trying to tame me.]

“It’s your imagination.”

At least, he now knew how horrifying Overflows are.

His honest thoughts wanted to deny confronting 3rd class monsters for a while. He had such a hard time fighting the black leopard which blatantly showed him its weakness due to its speciality being concealment, and if there was one which wasn’t like that…… just imagining it made him horrified.

[That is why, we will fix the coordinates of the Traps of Destructions to prevent Overflow. After calculating, it seems it will end after just making 8 more.]

[Haa, really. It’s a problem since only unpredictable things happen on Earth. Erta, please manage that person well.]

Was it the frequent conflict between colleagues? The moment Yu IlHan thought that, Erta raised one of her hands. In her hands, light gathered to make a sword-like form.

However, her voice which came out after that was sharper and colder than that sword.

[You do your mission, Shiuta. Just your mission.]

[……Okay. I will.]

When that angel stepped back with a stiff face, Yu IlHan also realized that Erta was currently angry. The other angels seemed to have notice that as well as they chimed in in abusing Shiuta and consoling Erta. Those figures were quite funny. Yu IlHan laughed thinking that what angels did were not much different from what humans did.

After the chain of disturbance, the angels left holding the Traps of Destruction. Erta, who looked at that, only erased her sword of light after the angels’ presences completely disappeared before shrinking her body.

Then, she spoke to Yu IlHan who was staying still.

[To think that we became like this when we have suppose to overcome our emotions……. You really are amazing, Yu IlHan.]

“Whoa? Why does the sparks spatter to me!?”

[Isn’t that obvious. Just now, that angels was jealous of you.]

Hearing her words, he thought that it might be interpreted that way. However, Yu IlHan only made a small smile while picking up the hammer.

“That’s an honor. Anyway, I don’t plan on getting involved with them if I get my rewards properly.”

[We’re selecting the rewards at the moment. And amongst them.]

“Amongst them?”

[There are two things that I have to tell you beforehand.]

“What is it? What is it?”

Yu IlHan’s two eyes started shining. Erta thought that he looked quite cute, but soon, she shook her head and drove that thought out of her head.

[The first is information.]

The moment he heard that, Yu IlHan’s expression started becoming rotten.

“I don’t receive anything other than items.”

[If you listen, then you will change your mind though?]

Erta’s confident words made him even more frustrated. However, her following words really did make him change his mind.

[It’s the information on location of the dungeon where you can acquire a metal which newly appeared on Earth.]

“Tell me!”

[I knew you’d say that.]

How much suffering did he make the steel spear go through? He killed 3rd class monsters with an item used in the middle ages of Earth, so there was no need to describe how much suffering it had gone through.

Yes, now it was the time to make it rest!

[The second is a bag.]

While Yu IlHan was excited, Erta took out an item from her magic inverntory. It was a black leather cross bag which wasn’t big at all.

“……You want me to carry this around? For fashion?”

[It’s an item with spatial expansion magic on it. You can put about 1,000 of those pile bunkers over there.]

The cross bag was a truly small. It didn’t feel like a melon would fit in no matter how much he stretched it, so Yu IlHan carefully asked back.

“I think it will rip while putting it in, though…….?”

[I will give you a replacement reward if it’s ripped so please test.]

He tested.

It got in.

Since he was at it, he also tried putting in the leopard hunter’s harpoon set.

It got in.

At this rate, even an Elephant would fit in.

“Ooooh!”

[You ‘re like a country bumpkin so stop it.]

“Erta, I love you!”

[I, I don’t need such a cheap love!]

Of course, Yu IlHan wasn’t listening to Erta’s words anymore. Starting off with the Giant’s Rubber String, the leather, and the weapons made from the bones, he seemed to put in shovels, pickaxes and all the equipment in the workshop one by one, and in the end, he only became calm before he put the entire workshop inside.

Erta looked at his figure with satisfiaction before she warned him as she thought of something.

[You can take an item inside the bag out with just a thought. However, please be ware in using it. No matter how it has a spatial expansion magic applied on it, there is a limit to its capacity, and there is no weight deduction magic on it.]

Now that he had heard that, he thought that it became heavier than when there was nothing insdie it. However, since his physical body was enhanced transcendentally, it didn’t even itch for him to carry something around 1 ton.

The moment he thought that, lightning flashed inside Yu IlHan’s head.

“Hey, I think I can use this as a weapon! I can just swing it around after stuffing tens of tons inside it!”

[It’s probably only you in the entire world who can think like that.]

Now that he had acquired a bag which he can put his ores inside without worry, there was no need to hesitate. Yu IlHan left the worshop just like that.

Of course he didn’t forget to take the Trap of Destruction he had already made. This was to proceed with mana crafting when the angels came to him after recovery even if he wasn’t at the workshop.

As the dungeons hadn’t completely been activated, the world was still like this. Human history had stopped since the Great Cataclysm.

Even in countries where Dungeons took their place properly, there was still the threat of monsters appearing, so the governments were advising to at least acquire 1st class in other worlds before coming back.

“The streets are surely empty.”

[Are you reminded of your dropout days?]

“A little.”

Yu IlHan spoke and made a small smile.

“However, it’s different now. Since everything is changing right now.”

It was different to the time he had to be nervous waiting for the time for humanity to come back. The stopped time was flowing, and people like the Empress who stayed behind on Earth to fight monsters, and the people who earned their strength in other worlds, were all putting in effort. As he knew that, he didn’t feel solitary.

The place Erta told him was fortunately in Korea. Although it would normally be alright for it to be in a foreign country, state of emergency was passed down in many countries. He couldn’t get on boats nor planes so he might have had to start from building.

[So you mean that you would have built a ship if it was in a foreign country……]

He ignored Erta’s words and ran. While running without rest he kept accelerating. While thinking that he would buy a car if the world normalized again.

Although he could find patrolling police officers, soldiers, and a few ordinary ability users, it was quite meaningless as they couldn’t notice Yu IlHan. He was sad that he wasn’t sad due to becoming used to it.

[It might be a little sudden.]

While Yu IlHan approached the vicinity of a nameless hill, Erta suddenly started speaking.

[Do you know how monsters which weren’t on Earth appear?]

“Didn’t you say something like they will appear if the concentration of mana reaches a certain point?”

[That’s the most basic requirement.]

Erta started off with that and asked Erta.

[What appears on a discarded bag of rice?]

“Rice weevils.”

[In a dirty room with bits of chips scattered around without being cleaned?]

“Cockroaches.”

[It’s like that.]

“I did understand but you do really choose the worst examples.”

She probably wanted to say that monsters are generated in an environment most suitable for them to live. Although rice weevils and cockroaches only crawl inside the environments suitable for them, well, the image wasn’t that different.

Yu IlHan asked her while ignoring the mountain path and jumping up using rocks and trees.

“But why are you speaking about that so suddenly? There are no new monsters on Earth though.”

[No, they did appear.]

“Huh? What did you say?”

[Huh?]

Erta tilted her head and spoke.

[Not only not all mosnters are categorized as ‘life form’…… For you to acquire a new metal you will need to kill the monsters living inside the dungeon you will be entering and extract their heart.]

“Huh? What did you say?”

[You did hear it properly.]

Although he pretended to be deaf, it didn’t work on Erta. Fuck, I should have realized when she only spoke he could ‘acquire’ a new metal without mentioning any mining!

The moment after Yu IlHan exclaimed, he ended up stopping his walking. He had arrived at the middle of the mountain, and had arrived in front of the dungeon that Erta told him.

The dungeon was positioned in the form of a blurry grey vortex in front of a cave, and the moment he found it, the text, [Limited access for under Lv50], appeared.

Of course, Yu IlHan’s level was still 36.

“Hey.”

[Who do you think is with you?]

“Embarrassing angel.”

[I’m a higher existence who makes and manages Traps of Destruction!]

The moment Erta shouted in boasting, which was rare for her, the text saying limited access for under lv50 disappeared from his retina.

[I can take such measures since I know of all your abilities.]

“You are unexpectedly useful…….”

[Please remember, I’m quite of use to you!]

Yu IlHan stepped inside the dungeon with the unexpectedly-useful angel Erta.

This was the moment where the dropout met a monster from another world for the first time in his life.



Chapter 30

Yu IlHan, who had experience in making Traps of Destruction, but had none in entering dungeons, could not hide his surprise after seeing that the scene in front of him had changed as soon as the tip of his fingers had touched the vortex.

“Just what is the principle?”

[You just made them until now.]

“Don’t you know that Daedalus, who created the Crete labyrinth, got trapped inside it?”

[You sure are good with your words.]

Was this space really created from the Trap of Destruction? To think that such a small lump of metal twisted such a large amount of space, separated it and maintained it!

Although he had seen the scene where the Trap of Destruction was being activated, it was a different feeling to see and feel the scenery inside after coming in the dungeon himself. Moreover, even the feeling of the air was different to the outside!

The unknown that he loved the most, the unknown which burned his passion for adventure! He fell into a deeply moved state and looked around him.

While looking around, he found a huge grey colored lump of metal rolling around the corridor. For some reason, the excitement which boiled until now, cooled down instantly.

“Normally, novel MCs will shout ‘This is the metal I was looking for!’ like a fool and run to it then get messed up, but I already know the fact that it’s a monster.”

[You sound quite disappointed.]

“Yeah, I feel like when I was spoiled by mom on The Sixth Sense.”

His unknown emptiness couldn’t be described by anything. He didn’t know whether to be angry or be sad!

While grumbling, Yu IlHan took out a weapon from the cross bag. There was a more suitable weapon to confront hard lumps of metal, rather than a spear which used slashing and thrusting as its main attack.

That was a weapon which had a huge axe blade on the head, and a heavy hammer on the other end. An ivory colored weapon made entirely out of the Shadow Leopard’s bones, starting from the handle to the axe blade!

[Heavy Battle Crusher]

[Rank – Rare]

[Attack Power –

Hammer : 1,250

Axe : 1,270]

[Option – weight increases by 50% upon hitting]

[Durability – 1,350/1,350]

It was a masterpiece which had an alpha option even without going through mana crafting. The options attahed was a weight increase option which maximized effects in an environment where hammers or axes would be used!

Althoug the rank was rare, in fact, it was rare to go above rare in this world. Yu IlHan’s ability, pulling out one rare or above after another was the abnormal one.

“However, I will be able to make better metallic weapons when I clear this dungeon and come out so I will have to throw this away.”

Moreover, Yu IlHan had no ability to become friendly with others, so he couldn’t ‘pass them on’ to lower levelled people like in other RPG games. Such a good weapon will be thrown away!

When one felt empty, everything else felt empty. With an empty feeling, Yu IlHan dashed with the axe held high, and shouted while striking down his axe on the lump of metal, feeling empty.

“Go croak!” 

[What do you mean, ‘feel empty’? It’s your full strength!]

The axe with an enormous amount of strength concentrated on it dug into the lump of metal with strong strength with another level stronger due to the 10% increase due to concealment. It recognized Yu IlHan the moment it was attacked, but since it was in the middle of being beaten up, it couldn’t resist properly.

And just like that, it split into halves.

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned 137,928 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 51 Metal Heart.]

[Critical Hit has become Lv 4.]

[You have awakened Blunt Weapon mastery Lv Max. You can evolve this skill if you have the skill evolution materials.]

Yu IlHan stopped for a moment. He had never thought that it would end in one hit. Since it ended so easily, he thought that it may be an enemy which revived until it became powder, but it wasn’t that. That was just the end.

However, the next moment, he pretend that he was expecting it to end with a single strike.

“The title is really ‘One hit for you, one hit for me’!”

[I think it would be an instakill even without a critical but, yes, you did well.]

After checking that there were no enemies around, Yu Ilhan lightly recovered the axe and looked at its body. At first, he thought that a huge pumpkin was rolling around, but it was made from countless lumps of metal gathered together.

Amongst those countless metallic lumps, there was a lump which emitted a blackish light so that made him assume that it was the heart.

“You did say to pull out he heart…… But its body also seems to be quite hard, though?”

[The body is just a bit stronger than steel, but the Metal Heart’s heart is a metal that’s in a different dimension. Not only it is the hardest part, it is also the nucleus which contains all its mana. Although, that is also the reason why Metal Hearts don’t have any magic stones.]

“This is…..?”

Yu IlHan struck its body again and made the heart appear. Surely, that thing emitting a wondrous black light looked like it was something good.

To Yu IlHan, who looked at it after pulling it out, Erta explained.

[Metal Hearts, when they notice the enemies, they send their unique mana from their metallic hearts into the part they want tostrengthen. Originally, it’s a monster even people with 2nd jobs have a hard time to hunt. Normally, one would distract its attention from the front, and another one would ambush it from behind.]

“Thank you, Ertawagon.”

He did think that he had hunted a 2nd class monster, which was above lv 50, too easily, but there was a reason. Metal Hearts were weak to ambush.

Well, although everything was weak to ambushes, Metal Hearts were especially so. They can only use their strength after noticing their enemies – how weak was that!?

However, life was something where you could be backstabbed at all times. Being arrogant after killing just one just might send him to hell. Even in novels, side characters were cleared up like that.

He had to run away without hesitation if about ten appeared at once, so he proceeded inside the dungeon while not loosening his tension.

And one day passed.

[You have become level 38. 2 Strength, 1 Agillity, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

There was no twist nor counterattack. Metal Hearts were beings which had less population in the first place. He was so bored in adventuring the dungeon, to the extent that he would call out ‘jackpot’ when he found a Metal Heart after walking for 10 minutes.

As soon as he found them, Yu IlHan struck them down with his axe, and the Metal Heart which could not notice Yu IlHan in his concealment, always allowed him to succeed in his ambush and they got split into halves.

As Erta said, the Metal Hearts were disposed of in not two hits, nor three hits, but in one hit. When the fight ended like that, he would just senselessly break its body, take its heart out and put it inside his cross bag. And it was an infinite cycle of that.

Yu IlHan muttered in a tired voice.

“Were dungeons such an unemotional place?”

[You’re just abnormal. Just how did you master blunt weapon mastery to the max as well?]

“You know that ten thousand different weapons all end up to be the same, once they’re trained to the extreme, right?”

[Yeah, how about I hit you about ten thousand times?]

No matter how he thought about it, there was quite a distant to the dungeon adventuring that Yu IlHan had dreamd about. This was just labor.

Moreover, as the period he stayed in the dungeon got longer than he thought, he now had to take care of his meals with the jerkies he had brought.

So, the menu for his meal had turned into a choice between cheese jerky or beef-rip flavored jerky.

If he knew such things would happen, he would have brought BBQ flavered ones too!

“I want to see Rita.”

[Why so sudden….. If you really want to meet Rita that badly, then don’t you just have to become a higher existence quickly? Nobody interferes love between higher existences.]

Erta threw a slightly suspicious line, but the hungry Yu IlHan didn’t look into it.

“Rita always cooked me rice.”

[You want to see her with a reason like that!?]

“Ah, the jerky is delicous.”

[In the end, aren’t you eating the jerky deliciously!?]

The time Yu IlHan sensed the change while exploring the dungeon with the nitpicky Erta, was two days after that. It was a change incomparable to the mana crafting process with the angels who came to find him mid way.

“Erta, isn’t that guy a bit bigger?”

[It is. Monsters also have their individuality like humans so it is obvious that they look different.]

“But even so, isn’t it a little too bit for that?”

This was the conversation they had after encoutering an enormous cave in the dungeon.

Until now, Metal Hearts were exercise ball-sized, had become massive beanbag-sized!

[Even so, it’s the same Metal Hea……No.]

Erta, who was nonchalantly replying, momentarily closed her lips and looked at the large sized Metal Heart in the middle of the cave. Yu IlHan waited for awhile before she flabbergastedly shouted.

[That’s a Big Metal Heart!]

“Drag that bastard who named them with such little enthusiasm in front of me, right now.”

[It’s not the time to joke around. Although it’s only a word difference, Big Metal Hearts are 20 levels above Metal Hearts. Just how did something so strong appear already?]

“That just makes it 71 though?”

Yu IlHan’s level judgement senses had been paralyzed after he defeated the Giant Leopard and the Shadow Leopard. Although, with his ability, it was very reasonable that he was numbed.

Erta also nodded his head with a ‘huh?’ after thinking for a while.

[That’s true. isn’t it?]

“It will be fine if I just run if I think I can’t handle it.”

Although he spoke like that, Yu IlHan had no thoughts in running away. Although it was with help, he had finished off the Giant Leopard when he was level 24. His current level was 38, so just from his pure level of ability, it didn’t lose out to the time he was buffed by the Empress.

Moreover, at that time, he had just one steel spear, but currently, he had an amazingly strong weapon!

“With a single strike from this, that will also just!”

The thing he took out from the cross bag was the pile bunker which had an imposing manner. The idiotic-level-sized weapon boasted of an imposing manner that no one else on Earth other than Yu IlHan would be able to use it.

Moreover, it was already loaded to the 3rd level. When Yu IlHan placed it on his shoulders, Erta sighed as though she gave up.

[How is it that the time that the things this human makes become useful always arrives at some point? So frustrating.]

“Fuu, Let’s go!”

The pile bunker was a weapon which only focused on attack power and threw away all the other necessary requirements for a weapon. Portability, secretiveness, agility, anyway, the user of the weapon had to make up for the rest.

And so, this was the most suitable weapon for Yu IlHan.

Yu IlHan kicked off. The Big Metal Heart was enjoying its freedom whether Yu IlHan was jumping or dancing, rolling around within the cave.

While looking at it, he took 3 big steps and jumped into the air on his 4th step. The figure of him proceeding forward in the air while moving his feet looked like Michael Jordan’s airwalk.

[You need to prepare in case it doesn’t die in a single strike!]

“I know.”

After retorting roughly to the point that it made her wonder if he really knew it or not, Yu IlHan picked up the pile bunker. He jumped so high that its enormous body was under his feet!

“Here I go.”

Immediately after Yu IlHan whispered, the pile bunker’s bone ammo cameint ocontact with its body.

The moment the sharpened bone dug through its metallic body and got buried inside it, the pile bunker, which was provoked, released the 3rd stage, 2nd stage, and the 1st stage lock at once and transferred the enormous strength that the Giant’s Rubber Band had on to the bullet. As a result, with a sound like an exploding grenade, the pile bunker spat out the bullet.

Immediately after that, a bone bullet which was longer than 2m pierced through from its head to its roots!



Chapter 31

[You have earned 548,701 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 74 Big Metal Heart.]

“That was easy.”

Yu IlHan, who smashed the Big Metal Heart into smithereens in one strike landed on the ground lightly with the pile bunker while muttering. However, immediately after that, he was dumbfounded after looking at the state of the bone bullet which was completely nailed in the ground.

It was good that the bullet shot out powefully after receiving the elastic power of the Giant’s Rubber Band in full strength, but not only was it deeply embedded on the ground to the point that only the head peeked out a little, there was even a large crack over its body. As he knew how hard the Shadow Leopard’s bones were, it was even more shocking.

There was one thing he knew from this.

“The bullets are one-time use……!”

[I wouldn’t be able to accept it if there weren’t such prices.]

The situation was different from the time he hunted the Giant Leopard or the Shadow Leopard. At that time, there were people helping him, and especially, the help from the Empress, who could use strong magic helped out alot.

However, now what? No matter how his physical body and techinques were abnormal, he just ended a monster twice his level in just a single strike!

“How can I retrieve the bullet? No, now that it came to this, should I make a frag shot under the premise that it’s unretrievable?”

[Just retrieve its heart.]

Erta urged Yu IlHan, who, Befitting of a blacksmith, was designing a new weapon. He retrieved the bigger and brighter heart of the Big Metal Heart, compared to the ordinary Metal Hearts, and briefly tested its strength.

It was amazingly durable.

“Hey, it’s much stronger than Metal Heart. Isn’t that insane?”

[The final evolution form of Metal Hearts, the King Metal Heart, is a metal that boasts of superior durability even in worlds one level more advanced than Earth. Although, as a 4th class monster, it won’t appear in this dungeon.]

“You were surprised with just the Big Metal Heart appearing, though?”

[Khm! It’s just a coincidence. I can accept that the monsters which were already on Earth had evolved abnormally, but these monsters are in the end, new monsters appearing on Earth! This Big Metal Heart is the mutation. From now on, we wouldn’t be able to meet any more of these!]

However, Yu IlHan thought while loading the 2nd bone bullet on the pile bunker. If she says that, the opposite will definitely happen.

aaannnd, as expected, they ended up meeting the second Big Metal heart in a cave deeper inside the dungeon.

[Fuu…… Fucking Earth. Nothing is going the way it should be.]

“Tell me how much of the dungeon is left.”

[Wait a bit.]

While wondering whether to take out the pile bunker or not, Yu IlHan urged Erta. Originally, it was forbidden to leak the information on dungeons, but in truth, Erta, who helped Yu IlHan until now, honestly told him the information. If she said it was the reward for the quest, then there was no reason why it wouldn’t work.

[We’re only half way there.]

“Ok, let’s seal the pile bunker first.”

Yu IlHan had the confidence to end something like a Big Metal Heart in one go if he used the pile bunker, but the little ammo left weighed on his mind. Even in novels, weren’t there cases where the MC got beaten up by the last boss due to using up all mana, or ammo, or potions?

Although Erta strongly claim that that won’t be the case, no matter how he thought about it, there would be a monster stronger than the Big Metal Heart at the end of this dungeon, so he couldn’t waste the bone bullets now.

However, the ancestors of all times said this – ‘Saving up is wasting’. The other obvious pattern in novels were that they get beaten up while trying to save up.

Should I use the weapon at this time? Should I drink a potion at this time? The characters in novels meet countless split paths and are urged to make a choice.

No matter what they chose, if they survive, they are the main characters, and if they die, they are side characters. Sometimes, the main character just dies, but then, the popularity of the novels just dies as well, so that was an exception.

However, Yu IlHan was neither a main character, nor a side character, but a dropout. So, the choice he made was neither the pile bunker, nor going just with his body.

It was the other weapons he brought.

“Violent Thousand Bomb Hammmeeerrr!” 

[Violent Thousand Bomb Hammer]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power – 1,974]

[Ammo – 3/3]

[Option – Spreading force of the frag bomb increases by 30%]

[Durability 1,120/1,120]

Yu IlHan shouted while taking out a hammer which had a massive lump of metal one one side, unlike the heavy battle crusher from last time from the cross bag. Of course, he was still under concealment, so he didn’t get noticed by the Big Metal Heart.

[Why did you make a nasal sound just now?]

Yu IlHan ignored Erta’s question, and gripped on to the weapon with both of his hands.

This weapon was the masterpiece small scale weapon made from the Giant’s Rubber Band.

On the head part of the hammer, a cartridge with the Giant Leopard’s and Shadow Leopard’s sharp bones inside was installed, and it would be loaded after installing the Giant’s Rubber band and pulling it with all his strength.

After that, if an enemy was hit, the rubber band will shoot from the shock of the hit, and make the cartridge explode. Countless bone fragments will dig into the enemy’s body. This was such an evil weapon!

As a weapon no different from one which fused close range weapon and a frag bomb, it naturally far surpassed modern frag bombs.

The point which was better than the pile bunker about this was that due to the rebound from the rubber band, the cartridge at the back of the hammer will be automatically loaded. What was even better was that Yu IlHan had about 50 of these cartridges!

[A person like you who fights joyfully should be rare too.]

“It will be impossible in just one strike. I need to attack before it splits its body and attacks me.”

Before jumping at it, Yu IlHan simulated his movements inside his head. Although a simulation would become much more complex if the enemy can move, as he knew that he could hit where he wanted for the first strike, it was quite smooth.

“Heh.”

With a strange shout, Yu IlHan kicked off the ground. Like the time he confronted the last Big Metal Heart, he jumped after the 3rd step.

Following that, he smashed down the hammer right in the middle of its body and with a popcorn popping sound, the cartridge exploded!

[Krkrkkr!]

The weapon activated successfully. The thousands of durable sharp bone shrapnels dug through the hard metal, and a bone-shivering sound resounded while they broke everything in their path.

Immediately after it recognized the strong attack, the Big Metal Heart soundlessly expanded its body and assaulted Yu IlHan!

[KrkKrkk!]

Before he even landed, he was about to get swallowed up by the wave of metallic fragments, but before it assaulted him, the lumps of metal seemed to twist around and in the end, they clashed into each other and collapsed just like that.

There was no need to mention the reason. The countless number of bone shrapnels which dug throughout is body had hindered it.

While lightly swinging the hammer to nail the bone fragments into the Big Metal Heart’s body, Yu IlHan landed smoothly. Then, he watched its state while stancing himself to attack again.

However, in conclusion, that was for nothing.

“Wow.”

Although the Big Metal Heart was moving while dividing the metal clumps that made its body as much as possible, the bone fragments which dug through deep inside its body gave an effect of binding it while hindering its movements, just by being there. It was like scattering salt onto a snail crawling on top of lettuces.

It was an effect which overturned Yu IlHan’s imaginations of thinking ‘it would be able to break it since it’s just some frag bomb, right?’. However, He tried his best to look cool and shouted.

“Of course, this Yu IlHan had calculated everything from the start!”

[Don’t lie.]

“You got better……”

[If one’s partner is you, then anyone would become like me.]

Now, he had no reason to use the Thousand Bomb Hammer. Yu IlHan mercilessly struck down with his axe the Big Metal Heart which was crawling around while spreading its body, trying to assault him, and not long later, it collapsed by itself.

[You have earned 579,192 experience.]

[You have become level 40. 1 Strength, Agility, 2 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

He had become level 40. He levelled up twice in one day. Even considering that he had holed up in his workshop making weapons and Traps of Destruction, for one month, his level should be at the forefront of humanity.

Since there won’t be many who would kill 2nd and 3rd class monsters for levelling up.

And as he knew that, he was worried for the other returnees.

“Are the other humans levelling up well?”

[At least, the Empress should be doing well. Don’t worry.]

“That is that, but I’m worried about my parents.”

[You do seem to worry about the Empress.]

Erta picked on something unexpected. Yu IlHan asked her while asking her.

“Why are you worried about the Empress? Did some other angels give her a quest or something?”

[No. It’s not that.]

With that, Erta shut her mouth. Yu IlHan was supsicious of her behavior, but as he wasn’t interested that much, he didn’t dis any deeper and just retrieved the heart from the Big Metal Heart.

After that, Yu IlHan kept exploring the dungeon, but only Big Metal Hearts came out and unlike his imaginations, Great Metal Hearts, Huge Metal Hearts, Giga Metal Hearts and such evolved forms didn’t appear. At least, Erta was right on that.

As he levelled up by a little while exploring the dungeon, and got used to the new weapons in combat, he inwardly expected a little to encounter a 3rd class monster at the center of the cave, but was disappointed as he only found Big Metal Hearts inside the innermost area. In contrast, Erta was relieved that a 3rd class monster didn’t appear for real.

[We’ve cleaned it up so it should be fine to leave it alone for a while. Let’s come here again if we need more metal later.]

“At that time, it will be good if I can encounter King Metal Hearts.”

[……At least, we should come after you can use mana.]

The Big Metal Heart that was at the centermost region(It was almost lv 80 unlike the others, of course it was sent to hell with a single strike from the pile bunker) was cleared and after that, Erta used something like Angel’s Authority or whatever to check the Trap of Destruction which made the core of the dungeon. During that time, Yu IlHan checked over the spoils of war and the equipments he had used in the battle.

[The age of the Trap of Destruction for this dungeon is quite old.]

“Is there a problem with that?”

[No. Anyway, it’s a trap to seduce new monsters, and not the original mosnsters that was left out with you, so it won’t be a problem even if it was created from God’s power. It’s just that I was surprised that the Trap of Destruction was quite older than I had thought.]

Erta muttered saying that she was just curious and it had no problems. Yu IlHan also lightly nodded and passed her words in his mind.

Of course he also thought that an enormous accident would erupt relating to this. This was definitely a foreshadow. And an amazingly blatant one at that.

[It’s really nothing!]

“Ok, ok. I will put effort into levelling up so that it would be alright even if a dragon pops out of this dungeon.”

[Auuu, I really don’t understand if you’re trustworthy or pathetic!]

Two weeks had passed since he had entered the dungeon. He crawled out of the dungeon after having acquired a useless skill that he would be able to realize what flavor jerky it is even if it was opened 200m away.

The number of Traps of Destruction that he made additionally with the angels who looked for him was 8.

Yes.

Now, all the Traps of Destruction have been installed on Earth.



Chapter 32

The less than 30 Traps of Destruction that Yu IlHan made were installed in various places throughout the world, and changed the properties of the already existing Traps of Destruction which were installed on Earth by God and the Angels, but could not efficiently attract monsters, to fit the property of Earth.

When thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of dungeons activated in order, no matter how many years the monsters endured and developed specially on Earth, they couldn’t hold out.

Like that, the monsters which were in cities or highways, and such utilities used by humans, started disappearing. Now the world was stabilizing.

[Several countries in Asia, following Korea, Japan and China are stabilizing.]

[In other news, there are reports that restrictions have started to appear on the quests that could be received in other worlds. The higher existences, as said by the other worlders, are seemingly……]

It was troubling for Earthlings to only do quests in other worlds, when monsters are now trapped in dungeons on Earth, and even new monsters, which weren’t seen on Earth, were now appearing. The higher existences, with God as the center, were probably limiting quests in order to make them return to Earth.

It was very effective, and even now, it was making the number of returnees increase.

“No wonder it’s so noisy.”

Yu IlHan turned off the TV and muttered. Even now, he could hear some noises outside the workshop. It wasn’t the small noise made by military police patrolling. This was a noise made by lively human interaction.

“I wonder if my mother and father have come back yet.”

[Probably.]

Erta nonchalantly replied, seemingly not interested. It was no wonder, as she was focused on the equipments that he had just finished making now.

[Did the options attach?]

“Yeah, probably. I was half sleepy so I couldn’t confirm, but I think the message was quite long.”

In fact, the reason he turned on the TV was to put off his sleepiness, other than information gathering. Erta wasn’t a person to chitchat.

The reason he was tired? Simple. It was because he hadn’t slept a bit after he came out of the dungeon.

Now that the work with creating Traps of Destruction, had ended, to celebrate(?), he concentrated in blacksmithing with the Metal Hearts’ and the Big Metal Hearts’ hearts. To be more exact, he couldn’t stay still due to his body being itchy for work.

No, to be more exact, now that the creation of the Traps of Destruction was finished, he didn’t know when the angels would come for the blacksmithing tools he had, so he hurried even more.

Anyway, as a result, before the angels came for the tools, he safely completed all work.

“It might have been even better if there was a magic stone.”

[The form which their magic condenses into are their hearts. Including Metal Hearts’, the metals which are able to be acquired from monsters are called Core Metals, the equipments made with Core Metals need less mana in mana crafting.]

“It’s easier for an option to be attached too. right?”

[You understand well. Just thank me for telling you such an information before such a metal was monopolized by other people.]

“Nah, just give me the rest of the rewards.”

Yu IlHan retorted while grumbling and checked the things he had made.

First, the most important thing was the defensive equipments. From a helmet to a pair of boots, to make a fullplate armor that covers his entire body, he invested almost all of the hearts of Big Metal Hearts.

Befitting of a higher metal, they were horribly hard and were terribly hard to melt, however, Yu IlHan had experience in handling harkanium, which far surpassed Big Metal Heart’s heart by several levels. The Big Metal Heart couldn’t resist against the perfect harmony of Yu IlHan and the Eternal Flame, and was instantly melted and processed.

The next was a weapon. The steel spear, which suffered a lot until now, should rest. Leaving aside an entire Big Metal Heart’s heart for his spearhead, he invested Metal Heart’s hearts without restraint and made a spear entirely made of metal. Since he was at it, he also made a greatsword, and a warhammer.

He wanted to make a single weapon of every kind he could use, but it wasn’t like the hearts of Metal Heart were abundant in quantity so he restrained himself after that.

He also made new ammo for his pile bunker. He made the bullets by sharpening monsters’ bones, which he had plenty of inside his workshop, and he covered the points with metal to make their piercing powers increase. Using all of the bones he had, he made close to 100 bullets.

He made ammo, so could he leave the pile bunker body alone? He wasn’t able to dismantle everything, but he touched some inner mechanisms and underwent an additional processing, only able to be done with metals, an awesome weapon was finished.

In fact, he wanted to make a new set of blacksmithing tools to replace the current steel anvil and the hammer, but as Erta held him back, he refrained from doing so. He had a guess as to why she restrained him.

“Anyway, I’m done with all my work now? I didn’t miss anything out, right?”

[Really, such a tenacious human.]

“If you’re saying that, then everything’s done, eh. I should wash up and sleep.”

[Are you not checking the information of the equipments?]

“I’ll do that after I wake up. I don’t think anything will enter my head right now. Leave the rewards for then too.”

Yu IlHan placed the hammer he held for over 24 hours on the anvil and softly wiped the top of it. As he had been with this tool for over one month, he was too disappointed to be apart from it.

“Wait for me, I will definitely bring you back from them.”

[You don’t have to speak like a main character saying farewell to his lover.]

“You know me too well.”

[I said you were just too simple.]

Yu IlHan dropped his attachment to the hammer and the anvil and stood up. He had already placed all the equipments he would use in the future into the Cross Bag. 

However, as he was about to gather all the equipments, steel spear included, which he would never used later, he suddenly could see the obedient Eternal Flame flickering.

“Hm?”

Yu IlHan lifted the leather armor up thinking ‘what if’. The Eternal Flame emitted a strand of flame outside the fireplace as if sticking its tongue out.

“Do you want to eat this?”

The flame flickered. Yu IlHan asked Erta.

“Can I feed this to it?”

[The Eternal Flame is no pet… It’s alright to feed it. There is also experience and record dwelling inside equipments. At least, it won’t damage it.]

He had no people he knew, so he wouldn’t be able to pass this equipment on anyway. Yu IlHan immediately threw the leather armor into the fireplace.

The Eternal Flame burned, like a chick opening its mouth, and swallowed it, then it started trembling like it was excited. He then threw the weapons he made from monster bones, and those he wouldn’t use anymore to the Eternal Flame, and finally, he also unhesitatingly threw the steel spear at it. 

The Eternal Flame swallowed everything and seem to burn everything cleanly, when it burned while emitting a blue light at one moment.

“What the heck. Is it levelling up or something?”

[It’s similar. Didn’t I say that the Eternal Flame burns for eternity and grows. But to think it proceeded to the next stage already…]

It wasn’t like he wasn’t curious how and to what extent it had grown, but anymore was a limit to his consciousness.

Yu IlHan waved his hands about twice to the Eternal Flame, which shook its body as if it was delighted, then left the workshop to head home through the noisy streets.

He couldn’t see his parents yet. Did they not come back yet? He suppressed his worries and took a shower.

He wiped his body and looked at the mirror and thought useless things like ‘didn’t I become more handsome?’ and dived on to the bed to sleep.

When he woke up, the house was filled with the fragrant smell of a meal. At that moment, Yu IlHan inwardly heaved a sigh of relief.

[Both of them came back safely. Good for you.]

Erta seemed to have noticed his such thoughts as she said that. He smiled and put on his clothes. When he went to the living room, his father was already eating his meal.

“Why are you hurrying, father?”

“I need to go to work, now.”

“Work!?”

Work as soon as the stabilization was done! and it was still night! To the frightened Yu IlHan, his father spoke with a bitter voice.

“The limits on the financial transactions have just disappeared. All the late companies will be left behind, and if I don’t go to work, this father will be left behind by society.”

At the conversation where households collapsed and society collapsed, Yu IlHan’s heart also collapsed.

“I heard that assistant manager Kim of our department decided to leave the company and was going to be a hunter since he had some talent in mana. Son, I’m sorry I gave you bad DNA, but please learn mana and become a hunter.”

“How about you, did you advance?”

“I barely got to 1st class. Those monsters are so scary.”

Yu IlHan felt that he might cry as he could feel his father’s sadness. There was one thing he could do to his father.

“Here, father.”

Yu IlHan gave his father a thin metallic inner wear that he made while making his own armor.

That was made from the heart of the Big Metal Heart, which was harder than any material on Earth right now, along with the essence of metalworking that Yu IlHan trained for more than hundred of years. If anyone checked the information, all the ability users and rich people would want to exchange it using mountains of gold.

“What is this? WHAT!”

Yu IlHan’s father also possessed enough intelligence to judge the worth of the armor through the information, so he asked Yu IlHan after he received it, seemingly in disbelief.

“Son, where did you get such a precious item? I lived for 10 years in Heishia and I haven’t even seen an Item like this.”

“I was lucky.”

“You take it. Such a precious item, this father can’t receive it.”

“I also have one. I also have one for mom too.”

“*Groan*.”

Although he was a bit sorry, this was much more amazing than the one he gave to his father.

The one he gave to his father was in the end, a clothing he could wear under his clothing, to protect his life in emergency. However, Yu IlHan’s full-plate armor was designed to be mobile during battle, and also, ordinary shock would only tickle him – it was an armor for battle.

“Thanks, son. If you’ve earned 3 of these, you’ve long since gone past the level this father should worry about. It’s good. good.”

“Wear it when you go out. If you wear this, even if a 2nd class monster used its strongest attack, you won’t be hurt.”

“Ok, thanks.”

While Yu YongHan was emotional, feeling proud that he had such a son, Yu IlHan’s mother came out from the kitchen. She was holding a dish in each hand, and they were both unseen on Earth. As if she had noticed that, his mother explained.

“This mother only received cooking ingredients as quest rewards. Sit quickly, son. You haven’t eaten yet, right?”

A housewife’s scale of quests were completely different. He had a lot of things to say, but as it was true that he was hungry, Yu IlHan obediently sat down and ate. The worry he had in his heart were cleanly washed away while eating the delicious food.

“I knew my wife’s food is the best.”

“Just eat and go to work. Take this opportunity now that the monster alarm isn’t going off.”

Yu IlHan ignored the married couple’s banter and ate his meal. Now that he was eating his mother’s cooking after all the cheese flavored jerky and the beef flavored jerky, he felt like he was dragged up to heaven from hell.

“I heard that the educational institutes including universities are restarting tomorrow. Son, are you going to go to school?”

However, at the point that his father was about to leave after finishing his meal, his mother’s attention was moved on him. At his mother’s sudden question, Yu IlHan fell into thought.

University, eh. There was a time he missed such things.

“No.”

However, it wasn’t like that now.

The longing of a thousand years had already been solved. Now was the time to go forward rather than look back.

“I don’t think the things I need would be at that place in the future.”

“Ok, I understand. Do the things you want, son.”

His mother, who knew better than his father of his abilities, refreshingly nodded her head at his decision. Yu IlHan also replied with a smile.

While standing after his meal, he passed a protective armor made from the heart of a Big Metal Heart to his mother. However, his mother was more interested in the Cross Bag that he took the armor out from rather than the armor itself.

“That, is the best item for shopping.”

“Never.”

Was she trying to rob an entire supermarket? Yu IlHan cut off his mother’s eagle eyed gaze on the Cross Bag and decided to leave the house as soon as possible. Now that he had decided to ditch university, he wanted to move actively and assure his parents.

Therefore, his first priority now was 2nd class advancement.

“First, shall I wear the armor and go to the workshop?”

[We’re finally checking the options. I was about to die from curiosity.]

It was the line from Erta, who bought Yu IlHan’s blacksmithing skills higher than his battle ability.

Yu IlHan took out the armor from the Cross Bag while smiling at Erta’s cute urging in expectation. At that moment, the item name appeared on his retina.

[‘Shiveringly’ ‘Hard’ and ‘Secretive’ Black Full-plate Armor]

“Hey.”

Yu IlHan asked Erta in a small voice.

“Is there a case where three options appear?”

[Yes.]

Erta replied positively. Then she sighed and added.

[From this moment on.]



Chapter 33

[Shiveringly Hard and Secretive Black Fullplate armor]

[Rank – Legend]

[Defense – 4,800]

[Options –

40% increase in defense

30% increase in attack power when attacking in surprise.]

[Durability 2,550/2,550]

[A peak master’s masterpiece made with only Big Metal Heart’s and Metal Heart’s hearts. It’s a masterpiece whether in regards to defensive power, appearance and attack aids.]

This was the moment when Yu IlHan made the first legend rank item using his blacksmithing skills. This was a rank higher than unique!

Although the 3 options were shocking, the contents of those options were a bigger shock. Forget the higher defensive power compared to the leather armor he was wearing, there was even a surprise attack increase option!

As a Blurred Lancer, Yu IlHan already had the ability of his attack power increasing by 10% when in concealment. Attacking when concealed was obviously a surprise attack, so when he attacks in surprise, that meant a 40% increase in attack. If he used a spear? It nicely becomes a 50%.

[In my opinion.]

With the fullplate armor which had an absurd ability, in front of her, Erta opened her mouth.

[The ‘shiveringly’ alpha option must be increasing the effect of the other two options.]

“So it’s an option that increases other options’ effectiveness. So that’s why it’s possible for 3 options to get attached.”

[Who knows? In fact, I also don’t understand. It’s the first time I’ve seen anything with 3 options in my lifetime. Moreover, this armor had no mana crafting done to it!]

That was true. No matter how easy for items made with Metal Hearts’ hearts to get an option, it seemed that the fact that there were three options attached to an item which didn’t even have any mana crafting done to it, was quite a shock to Erta.

[Isn’t it that your title ‘Creator of Myths’ might have made the impossible surpass its limits to become possible? However, even though I’m saying this, I’m not quite sure of it myself. The future history will be made by you.]

“What the hell. That sounds so scary. I want to live a long, thin life.”

[Just who is saying that…… Rather than that, Yu IlHan, do you have any thoughts in selling the equipments you made to other peoople?]

“Well, a little bit.”

It was just that that only applied to when his customer could notice him.

[Never, ever, sell an item with 3 options to others. Exposing your ability anywhere is too dangerous. Okay?]

Then what if I get 4 options? – Yu IlHan wanted to lightly joke like that, but since Erta’s expression was very serious, he wordlessly nodded his head.

At the same time, he was touched that Erta had opened her heart to her to the point that she would seriously advise him.

[Three options… Uuu, to think there will be a day I will make a new word.]

“A new word?”

[……I declare that the third option will be called the gamma option!]

He looked forward to it a little, but it was a name without any surprises whatsoever. He tried his best to not tackle Erta’s words by opening the door to his workshop.

When he did, as he had expected, he saw that the scene inside his workshop had completely changed.

[……You don’t seem to be that suprised?]

“Oh, I’m sorry. I’m weak in pretending to be surprised. Should I do so now?”

[Fuck off!]

Of course, the originally lent items such as the hammer, anvil and such metalworking tools have long since gone. However, as if to replace it, tools made from a black metal which he didn’t recognize were inside his workshop, not the ones he himself had prepared.

Even the fireplace where the Eternal Flame was burning was changed to a bigger and more complex one.

[Heaven marvelled at your exceptional ability and the results. Heaven has decided to reward you with what you, who has achieved par to, no, surpassing all expectations, with what you deserve. The tools in this workshop right now are made from metals which only appear when Earth evolves two levels more. Although it can’t compare to the tools lent from heaven, even if you acquire harkanium, you would be able to process it with these tools.]

“Thanks.”

Yu IlHan was satisfied with the feeling he felt when stroking the new hammer and the anvil. No matter how hard he tried, he wouldn’t be able to make these kind of materpieces with the Metal Hearts he had. It was due to the limitations in material.

Seeing him like it, Erta also smiled and spoke.

[I thank you for your work from the bottom of my heart. Yu IlHan, the quest was completed sucessfully.]

[Quest from Heaven 002. Creating Traps of Destruction, mission complete!]

[All statuses increase by 5.]

[Since you have completed the quest surpassing all limits, additional rewards are rewarded.]

At that moment, a more delightful news could be heard.

[The rewards aren’t over yet.]

4 levels’ worth of status, refurbishment of his workshop, information of the Metal Heart Dungeon, Cross Bag that acts as inventory. Even though he might be treated like a thief, Yu IlHan was also feeling insufficient with just these.

When he looked at Erta with shiny eyes, she, with a serious face, took out an item from her inventory.

[Record of Extreme Poison Resistance Skill.]

“No way!?”

He predicted that it would be a skill the moment he saw that the item was shaped like a book. Even in games, skills acquired from external sources usually looked like books.

Yes, he wasn’t suprised because the reward was a skill. It was because the content of the skill was very shocking.

“Isn’t this very hard to learn!?”

He was expecting poison resistance to a certain extent, but this was extreme poison resistance!

When Yu IlHan exclaimed in shock, Erta laughed with a ‘fufu’ and spoke.

[So you do realize how much it’s worth. Not only is it hard to learn weak poison resistance, it’s extremely difficult to evolve it to extreme poison resistance. The difficulty rank of acquiring weak poison resistance is A rank; its training difficulty is about S rank.]

[At first, we were planning to give you weak poison resistance. However, as your abilities surpassed what we thought, it was increased to weak poison resistance, and as you succeeded in reducing the amount of harkanium needed, it had become extreme poison resistance.]

“Thank you……!”

[If you have extreme poison resistance, you will be able to ignore 4th class monster’s poison. Please notice its value.]

“Now I can chew troll meat without worries!”

[……Yeah, well, that isn’t wrong.]

Erta looked like she was a bit fed up, but Yu IlHan had no interest in that. He grabbed the book and closed his eyes in excitement, and his predictions weren’t wrong and the words [Will you absorb the essence of the record?] appeared on his retina.

When he expressed affirmation without hesitation, the book soon emitted light and gradually lost its weight.

Then.

[You have learned Extreme Poison Resistance Skill.]

Opening his eyes, there was nothing in his hand. Replacing that, a clear change occurred to his body. Now he had the confidence that he would be fine with the poison from monsters’ body. Now he didn’t have to be teased with [If you have resistance!] anymore!

Although the one to do that was Erta, now that he acquired Extreme Poison Resistance like this, he did feel that those were trivial.

“Erta, I love you!”

[Yeah, whatever. I knew you’d say that.]

Erta nonchalantly passed his confession like nothing, and continued speaking.

[Then, then, I will give you the last reward.]

In fact, it didn’t seem like she was entirely effected. Of course, Yu IlHan was already possessed when he heard that there were some rewards left and didn’t realize that Erta had bit her tongue.

[The last reward is also another piece of information.]

“Good, let’s go straight away.”

Yu IlHan gladly nodded his head the moment she said that. Erta was confused since she hadn’t mentioned a single word about the dungeon when Yu IlHan guessed correctly like it was nothing while he was checking the contents of the Cross Bag.

“It’s info about the troll dungeon anyway, right? So, where is it?”

[I really hate you…]

Erta grit her teeth while looking at Yu IlHan who had godly wits in reading the situation due to reading books for several hundread years. However, as he was correct, she couldn’t retort.

Now that it came to this, she just decided to obediently tell him the location. It was because this was the best comeback.

[Troll dungeon is in America.]

“America!”

Dungeon location info attack was very effective!

Yu IlHan’s vision became black.

“That’s strange, I opened my eyes, but I’m not in the Pokemon center……!”

[The place you’re going to is not the Pokemon center but America!]

Erta grabbed Yu IlHan’s escapist mentality. Yu IlHan looked at Erta with the gaze ‘do I really have to go to America?’ but she just mercifully(?) smiled and nodded. He hated such smiles.

[We have to go to Arizona in America. Well, then. Let’s hurry up.]

“Wait, Erta.”

[What is it?]

To Erta, who really did seem confused, Yu IlHan replied with a faint smile.

“I don’t have a passport.”

[……]

Yu IlHan travelled all the world in several hundred years, and he had even visited Arizona before but he had no passport. Although it was more correct to say that he didn’t need one, even Erta’s two eyes blinked a few times at the unexpected situation.

[Making a passport and going to America will require at least 5 days. Oh my god, what are you going to do if the troll dungeon is cleared in that period? You’d have no choice but to wait for another troll dungeon to appear or for trolls to reproduce in there.]

“It’s alright.”

However, for some reason, Yu IlHan was very confident.

“Although I have officially neven passed through the gate, if it’s now, I’m full of baseless confidence that I can pass through the gate without other people knowing!”

[Bullshit baseless! That’s called illegal trespassing!]

Yu IlHan cleanly ignored Erta’s words. Sometimes, there comes a time where humans have to sacrifice small things, for example, their conscience or their morals, for something bigger.

This was Yu IlHan’s such moment!

[No matter how cool you wrap it with words, it’s still a crime!]

This was the moment when Yu IlHan’s stowaway plan had begun.

“I will be out for a few days.”

As he couldn’t honestly say that he would stowaway to America, Yu IlHan just said that. Although his mother was a bit suprised, she didn’t stop him.

It was because from the time he had declared that he would quit university, or perhaps even before that, she was vaguely aware that he was doing something.

“Yes, be careful on your trip. Don’t forget your meals too.”

“Don’t worry, mom.”

He couldn’t say ‘I have extreme poison resistance so I won’t die even if I pick something up on the street and eat it’. He even more couldn’t say that he was looking forward to which part of the troll meat tasted the best!

Yu IlHan didn’t do something like wearing his armor on the street. He just wore the same metallic innerwear that he had given to his parents, then hid it suitably with a leather jacket and black jeans. Finally, he perfectly his his identity with the direwolf skull mask.

[Even if you don’t do that, they don’t even recognize your concealment, just wear your armor.]

“You don’t know how I fell.”

With the outfit that felt like a boy in puberty might wear, Yu IlHan left his house and headed to the airport.

Although airways were open after the world had stabilized, not only there were very few flights, the price was also astronomical. That was because a few fighter jets would accompany a flight due to the danger of aerial monsters. They were ability users belonging to each government!

While reading a few articles on the internet related to that, Yu IlHan muttered foolishly.

“Just what bait did the government give them for them to go there?”

[Yu IlHan, please remember that what you may consider worthless may be very valuble to others. You will get hurt if you keep judging with your own standarsd.]

“Erta said something correct, wow…….”

To go to Arizona, one had to exchange flights mid way. The quickest flight stopped in Los Angeles, so Yu IlHan also decided to take that flight.

He succeeded in getting on board without problems.

“Amazing, modern inspection system can’t even recognize my concealment skill!”

[Even modern magic would probably not notice it……]

His stowaway looked very smooth. In fact, it was very smooth.

Yes, until he arrived in Los Angeles.

“Monsters!”

“It’s a monster army, a monster army is destroying the city!”

The moment he arrived at the airport, he heard something very bad. People were running around everywere, and the flights which were scheduled to fly were changing to delayed.

Yu IlHan quietly spoke after he looked at the people who ran around like the zombie apocalypse had happened.

“Erta, your next line is ‘I think there was a mistake’!”

[I think there was a mist…… Whoa!?]

Although he said that, Yu IlHan had no plans in blaming Erta. When everything happened as he had calculated, humanity would have never suffered in any way.

As God wasn’t omnipotent nor omniscient, there was no way that the angels under God’s command would be omnipotent or omniscient either. They did their best for humanity, so only humanity could bear the accidents that happen despite everything.

Yu IlHan wore his armor and held his spear.

Now was the time to overcome the first ‘Overflow’ on Earth.



Chapter 34

[The characteristics of an Overflow is very distinct. They are comprised of mostly mutated monsters and not the original ones, and disregarding their numbers, they’re clearly stronger than the original monsters. Also, they absorb the energy of the Traps of Destruction to cause enormous damage to reality by manipulating space.]

“Are you sure it’s an Overflow that’s happening now?”

[Yes.]

Erta turned her head to look outside. In the middle of the city, a massive boulder was bursting from the ground.

[The only thing that can change the external environment is an Overflow.]

“So you mean that monsters are trapped in the isolated environment known as a dungeon, but monsters appearing due to an Overflow make the external environment a dungeon itself, right?”

[Correct.]

The humans inside the airport were moving around busily. Although the people lacking fighting ability were confused as to what to do at the beginning, from some time onwards, they were directed by the military police to head towards the shelters, and the ability users were making parties to prepare for battle.

Even outside, endless siren sounds, the helicopter in the air, and the engine sounds of armored vehicles were alarming the people of the battle.

Yes, now there mustn’t be any accidents where several hundred and thousands of humans were sacrificed, anymore due to the sudden appearance of monsters.

Even as Yu IlHan ran outside the terminal, Erta’s explanations continued.

[As one of the characteristics of the Traps of Destruction is that it would not activate once the dungeon is complete, Overflows are very easy to occur when the world has just evolved and the time when dungeons appear. Of course, there are also other reasons such as side effects of a grand magic, or the destruction of a dungeon, but it shouldn’t be like that right now. The problem is.]

“The problem is?”

[Entities appearing due to an Overflow have the potential to make another Overflow occur by reacting with a nearby dungeon. In other words, if we don’t annihilate them completely, another Overflow may happen at another place.]

He thought ‘please no more’ but another foreshadow was coming. Yu IlHan realized the moment he heard those words. That there definitely will be a monster that will escape today, and another Overflow would occur due to that monster, and the clean up will be his job!

What the fuck is this? Why is it that Yu IlHan must suffer like this!? He was already sad since he couldn’t go to another world!

“Wow. The world really is a shit game.”

Yu IlHan suffered to make those Traps of Destruction and now, that was too much and an Overflow occurred? The chain of patches and bugs doesn’t end!

Moreover, this happened coincidentally when he came to Los Angeles, and he didn’t come here to gamble or for tourism, but only to exchange flights but an Overflow still occurred! And what? If one escapes, another Overflow may occur? He was frustrated since everything was so dirty!

There was only one way for Yu IlHan to vent his frustration.

“Give me a quest. Give me one with a lot of rewards. I’m serious.”

[I..I will.]

As Erta noticed that he was annoyed, and she obediently nodded her head.

[Originally, when an overflow occurs, Heaven would move. They would give out quests to the humans who participated in stopping the Overflow, and give them rewards according to their contribution.]

“The rewards are?”

[Status points are a given, and according to the achievements, one may even receive a skill. Although it won’t be to the point of extreme poison resistance.]

“Good, got it.”

The moment Yu IlHan accepted the quest, one of the exits of the terminal exploded.

Beyond that were reptilian looking monsters who walked on two feet, and spat fire with their big mouths. The chaos at the airport increased by another level.

[Kuu……Records, I look for records.]

“Wow, it really looks like a side mob.”

[Even though it looks like that, it’s a mutated 2nd class monster which can use special abilities, be serious!]

Erta spoke those words to make Yu IlHan more serious, but Yu IlHan wasn’t that nervous.

Because he was overconfident? No, he was just confident.

“Speak those words after you see my armor.”

[But.]

“I didn’t only make armor.”

He held a spear which emitted a faint black light and leaped.

[Deathgod’s black spear]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power – 2,400]

[Option – 30% increase in critical hit rate and damage when attacking by surprise.]

[Durability – 1,700/1,700]

[A unique masterpiece made by a master smith using Big Metal Hearts’ and Metal Hearts’ hearts. As a spear tempered for only one person to use, it has the death god’s power to sever all life from darkness.]

Since the monsters which invaded the airport obviously couldn’t notice him, and Yu IlHan looked around and nailed his spear on the head of a monster which was looking for a sacrifice by while falling down from above.

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned 418,703 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 62 Flame Lizard.]

Yu IlHan put took back his spear while landing. As the effect of a single strike with the options of both his armor and spear combined were truly amazing, just a single spear strike was enough to drill a hole all the way to its groins.

“Fuu, a good strike.”

[There’s no magic stone. Let’s just put the entire thing away in the bag and dismantle it later.]

The insides of the airport were full of people who were preparing to stop that monster without damaging the facilities as much as possible, and people who were cheering for them.

In that situation, the monster suddenly fell down, and a man wearing iron armor had appeared, so they couldn’t not be stunned.

“Just who is that person?”

“That’s an amazing armor. I also did quests earnestly, but I never acquired a full plate armor like that.”

“He butchered a monster with a single strike. Just what kind of amazing skill did he use?”

He really wanted to retort that it wasn’t a skill, but Yu IlHan suppressed those thoughts and put away the corpse into his cross bag. Due to the noise at the entrance, the monsters’ gazes all headed this way.

Although there were monsters who haven’t found him and those who found him and expressed their anger, one definite thing was that Yu IlHan must run outside!

“Fuu.”

He held his spear properly and ran towards the exit. Immediately after that, he found that a massive flame was heading towards his way. Yu IlHan was sure that it was the attack which destroyed the exit.

If he wanted to dodge, he could. By his standards, the speed wasn’t that fast, and even if he dodged, it seemed like there won’t be any casualties. However, he didn’t avoid it.

“I’ll try getting hit by an attack.”

[This pervert!]

It was only to measure the defense of his armor and to think about how to prepare for the attack. He ignored Erta’s insult and received the flame with his armor, and momentarily, he felt a flaming heat covering his entire body.

However, that was it. The flame just flickered off like that.

“Oh my god, he blocked that flame!”

“That armor is truly amazing!”

Yu IlHan checked the damage on his armor and arrived at a conclusion that he would be fine getting hit continuously. If so, there was only one thing he needed to do.

He turned his head. Buildings were being destroyed from all around, people were running away, and ability users were confronting the mutated monsters known as Flame Lizards.

However, most of the humans weren’t 2nd class, and they didn’t even have the assuring armor that Yu IlHan was wearing, so they were moving around busily to avoid the Flame Lizards’ flame attack. As there were mages who could use shield magic, they were taking the limelight.

“Hey, cool armored knight! Don’t you need a defense magic?”

“I don’t need it.”

To a handsome mage who spoke to him with a posh English accent, he replied with a cool voice, then he kicked off the ground. It was because a lump of flame was flying towards the back of a warrior who was fighting with a Flame Lizard with a sword.

“Ah!”

When the warrior screamed a single syllable, Yu IlHan had already blocked the flame after appearing right in front of her. The warrior who saw the situation tried to express her thanks to Yu IlHan, but he was already kicking off the ground immediately after blocking the flame.

[Kuuu, record, strong warrior’s record!]

“Give me your records!”

Although the flames they used didn’t affect him one bit, one must return twice the amount one received to be satisfied!

Yu IlHan looked at it and struck his spear inside the Flame Lizard’s circular mouth!

[Kwek!]

“Hey, these sound similar to human.”

It wasn’t a critical hit, nor was it a surprise attack so it didn’t die in a single strike. However, as its mouth was pierced with a spear, it was being dragged around as Yu IlHan swung his spear so it couldn’t fight back anymore either.

“Hup!”

[You have earned 420,918 experience.]

Yu IlHan unhesitantly swung his spear upwards to make its head explode. He severed the life of an over level 60 monster with just two actions.

[Kweeek! A strong warrior, the strongest warrior here!]

[If we eat his record.]

[We can evolve, evolve, we can evolve.]

Not all monsters were crazy about records and evolving. However, monsters from Overflows all had some place they were lacking. They were scarier and repulsive.

The humans seemed to understand that as they drove them more fiercely. It was different to the past where they were one-sidedly pushed. Now, a fight between them and humanity was possible!

“Thank you for saving me. You truly have an overwhelming strength.”

The warrior defeated the Flame Lizard she was facing with the help of her team members approached Yu IlHan and expressed her thanks.

Yu IlHan could feel the increase in the party members ability when he saw that she defeated a 2nd class monster, albeit in a party.

“How should I repay this……”

Although he didn’t realize until now due to the helmet covering her face, the thin voice made him predict that it was a woman.

Of course, that couldn’t make Yu IlHan flinch since he had high standards due to spending a thousand years with an angel!

“From now on, please watch out for your back in battle.”

Yu IlHan only left a small advice and left, but he clearly heard words that the warrior and her party spoke.

“So cool.”

“A cool guy.”

“His voice is cool.”

Yu IlHan boasted about a bit.

“I knew I am not so bad.”

[Of course, only if you hide your face that is.]

Erta’s comeback was as quip as ever.

As it wasn’t wrong, Yu IlHan couldn’t retort and could only shout loudly to find opponents to vent his anger.

“COME AT ME!”

Of course, that wasn’t just for venting anger. As he couldn’t use the effect of a surprise attack now, he intended to attract aggro from the monsters to raise his contribution. He had the confidence to not flinch even if he was struck by several of the Flame Lizards’ attacks.

However, there weren’t any monsters who would react to his voice without mana or whatever. It was because they were all destroying buildings or fighting other humans, and doing their best in their own places.

[Amazing, you killed so many and yet you still get ignored. You really are amazing!]

“Shut up.”

I will definitely ask for a warcry that I can activate without mana. – Yu IlHan firmly resolved and kicked off.

If he couldn’t attract aggro, there was only one method. This was the start of the death god delivery service!



Chapter 35

It was like a storm of blood.

[Kwek!]

“Next!”

Whenever the dark spear, which absorbed even the scorching rays of the sun, blood scattered through the air and monsters’ heads flew into the air.

[That human is too strong!]

[Gather…….Kwek!]

It wasn’t easy to find Yu IlHan before and after the battle.

However, as the battle was ongoing right now, Yu IlHan was moving flashier than anyone there. It was because blood was scattering on his path.

[Kuaak!]

[You have earned 432,729 experience.]

[You have become level 44. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

“Wow, they’re popping out endlessly.”

Yu IlHan lightly shook his spear to throw away the Flame Lizard’s corpse and shook his waist to accurately put the corpse into the cross bag at the same time. The cross bag didn’t match with the cool design of his armor, but its power of taking in anything was impressive.

[It’s not the time to kill them one by one. Yu IlHan, the basics of Overflows is to defeat the leader first than to exterminate the small fries. There must be an entity which proactively makes the environmental changes occur. If we don’t kill that, then the monsters will keep generating.]

“Yeah, exterminations sounds so easy in this environment.”

Even while sighing, Yu IlHan moved his body according to Erta’s words. As the Flame Lizards didn’t differ too much in strength individually, if there was a leader, then it would clearly stand out from the rest.

The problem was…

[Kwek! He’s here!]

[We have to kill him first!]

[Record, strong human’s record!]

…that Yu IlHan’s mob aggro tactic finally saw the light and they were gathering towards him!

“Ahhh fuck, annoying things!”

Yu IlHan held his spear with one hand and swung it widely to sweep away the ones approaching him in one go, and he ignored the lumps of flame flying at him and kicked off the ground. No, he just received the lumps of flame with his spear and struck!

“I said get lost!”

[Critical Hit!]

[Kuhk!]

[Kihik!]

The spear strike at the same time as his thunderous roar became a fatal hit and blew away the two heads of the two approaching him. It was very contrasting to the other ability users’ parties confronting Flame Lizards with difficulty.

“Get out of my way!”

[Kik!]

It was to the extent that the people watching him were refreshed. He was the guy who raised morale and reduced enemy morale by just his presence alone!

If they knew the fact that Yu IlHan couldn’t wield mana yet, then they would all exclaim in shock.

“Fuu, haap!”

The moment the monsters all lost their lives and fell onto the ground, Yu IlHan kicked off the ground and leaped high.

With just pure strength, and to the height that it would be unimaginable to think that he was carrying the cross bag with enormous weight!

“Wow.”

“It’s a cool skill, but can he really use it properly?”

The only man who jumped several tens of meters into the air in a battlefield where flames and magic flew around all over the place! He attracted all the gazes of the humans and the Flame Lizards instantly. There were no Flame Lizards who weren’t trying to attack him with a flame.

However, in the short moment Yu IlHan stayed in the air, he scanned all the humans and the Flame Lizards who were battling on the ground. He ignored the monsters who were proactively participating in the battle, and found the culprit which was changing the normal city into rocks!

“Found it.”

Yu IlHan whispered lightly and smiled. Immediately after that, his body started falling down due to gravity.

He weighed several tons right now if considering the cross bag! However, he balanced his body and put strength into his spear to control the falling angle, when he struck his spear to the Flame Lizard on the ground which was right in front of him.

[You have earned 411,118 experience.]

Thanks to using the power of gravity, his spear sliced the Flame Lizard in half like cutting tofu. Due to the frighteningly destructive strike, the monsters around him shivered.

[Don’t your legs hurt?]

“Mhm, I transferred all the weight into the spear so I’m alright?”

[Your methods of controlling strength……]

…has surpassed the bounds of a lower existence – Erta suppressed those words.

No, she couldn’t make her arrogant. If she said that and made Yu IlHan place a limit on himself, Erta wouldn’t be able to handle the consequences.

Instead, she praised him nonchalantly as always.

[if you become able to wield mana, then it might be worth looking at.]

“I mean, when is that.”

[It won’t be long. Definitely.]

“Yeah, yeah, whatever. Hap!”

Yu IlHan grumbled and kicked off the ground again. He had already grasped the location of the enemy. So he set his path to the shortest possible route and ran straight while slashing all the Flame Lizards on his path.

The death god’s black spear was efficient in both slashing and piercing. If a delicate hand movement was added on top of that, there was no choice for the monsters other than losing their lives without knowing how they lost their lives.

[You have become level 45. 1 Strength, 2 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

“Hey, I’m doomed. I really won’t be able to wield mana before my 2nd job.”

[If it’s you, you will be fine until level 100!]

The moment they exchanged words, something flew towards him. Flames? No, it wasn’t a child’s toy like that. It was a big part of a building.

“Hey, dodge! It will explode if it makes contact with the enemy!”

Someone warned him. It will explode when it makes contact with the enemy? Yu IlHan looked back.

Coincidentally, he saw a few Flame Lizards not too far away.

“Get Over Here!”

[Kweeek!]

Yu IlHan forcefully grabbed the Flame Lizard, which was trying to resist by spitting flames, and threw it towards the lump of the building. One splash, two splashes, three booms!

Boom! Boom boom!

The moment Yu IlHan threw the 3rd one, the building couldn’t endure the shock and exploded. As the power of the fragments was considerable even though Yu IlHan was standing far away, the thrown Flame Lizards would be gone without a trace.

“Wow, there was such a method.”

“Good kids don’t do that.”

While the humans were dumbfounded watching it, Yu IlHan was mesmerized by the grand explosion and muttered.

“Wow…… Art is an explosion.”

[I knew you would say that.]

Due to the huge explosion, the lump of the building, the obstacles around, and the Flame Lizards all disappeared without a trace. Thanks to that, Yu IlHan could meet the clean battlefield.

The first thing he found was a huge monster which was in a different league with the other Flame Lizards. With the height of about 3m, the scales covering all his body were threateningly pointing outwards.

It was probably that which threw the massive lump of building at him. It was snorting while looking towards him and it was funny that its breath became flames and spread around.

There were also monsters guarding it. Although it was unknown how many of them died during the battle, there were 5 guards right now.

They were all a head taller than the ordinary Flame Lizard, and they even had a dangerous looking weapon, such as axes or greatswords, each. Moreover, despite being lizards, they were even wearing armor.

“Hey, is that better than Metal Hearts?”

[You’re even thinking about stealing monster’s armor……]

“You crazy? It’s not for me to wear. I’m gonna melt them down and process them.”

It wasn’t only monsters in the middle of the environmental change. Ability users numbering less than ten were also confronting the monsters.

Although he noticed the moment the man’s warning came, there indeed were some people who were trying to take out the source of this problem.

“Wow, that’s a full plate HaJin-oppa! Full plate! So cool!”

“Don’t be so excited, YuNa.”

Although he was surprised that there were some Koreans amongst them, as he covered up his identity using his armor, there was no need to mention that he was from the same country, so Yu IlHan shut his mouth and approached.

“These guys are strong. If we approach any further, then we’ll be considered enemies!”

“What nonsense are you talking about? We’re already considered enemies.”

Yu IlHan chicly replied to one of the people’s warnings and approached another step.

However, at that moment, a rock pummelled up from his foot. The end was sharp, to the point that it would skewer a human!

[Krrr!]

[What? They used environmental change to attack!?]

Erta shouted in shock. However, that wasn’t because she was worried for Yu IlHan, but due to the shock at the monster’s intelligence to attack with the Overflow’s effects.

Of course, the situation where Yu IlHan became a human skewer didn’t happen. He was balancing himself on top of the sharp point of the risen rock. There was no way a mere rock would pierce the essence of the Big Metal Hearts!

“This is laughable for me who even fought against waves to kill the Moby Dick!”

[Stop acting cool!]

However, the next moment, the risen rock exploded and Yu IlHan couldn’t joke around anymore.

“That idiot!”

“Tch, when it’s making something explode, it can’t move. Although it’s a pity that he died, we have to atta……ck……”

The humans who sighed in pity lost their words at the next moment.

It was clear what they saw, as they stopped their reaction after thinking that Yu IlHan was dead.

They saw Yu IlHan.

He was clearly alive, and made an unimaginable result!

“Fuhaaahh!”

[That shout is strange as well!]

Yu IlHan didn’t like to joke around at moment where he needed to be serious. Although the problem was that there weren’t many occasions where he needed to be serious, he was able to control his emotions according to the situation.

So, as long as he joked around, the situation wasn’t that serious.

It was the same now as well. As he had already seen a building exploding right in front of his eyes, it wasn’t difficult for him to predict that the rock would explode.

As he had already seen the explosion once, it wasn’t difficult for him to calculate the power of the explosion, the aftermath, and the ratio of energy transfer.

As such, it also wasn’t difficult for him to use that force to drive himself forward.

At that moment, he took out the pile bunker which was loaded to the ‘4th stage’ and aimed at the leader of the Flame Lizards. This was as easy as pie. – Meaning, a little difficult.

[Flashing Insane Pile bunker]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power –

1st stage: 1,400

2nd stage: 2,100

3rd stage : 3,300

4th stage : 4,500]

[Options – 20% increase in loading speed and attack speed, 20% increase in attack power]

[Durability – 1,341/1,350]

[A weapon made by a peak master smith using Shadow Leopard’s bones, teeth, and tendons. Although it is truly amazing that he had implemented such device without the use of magic or gunpowder, it’s definitely a disadvantage that it’s not easy to carry around. With the modification using the Metal Hearts, the disadvantages, and the advantages were magnified.]

The pile bunker, with the latest ammo, was aiming towards the Flame Lizards’ leader. The guards which realized the situation too late and threw their bodies, but it was impossible for them to block Yu IlHan who use the force of the explosion to approach them!

Although the leader had the power of explosions, it didn’t have the power of instantaneous movement., so it was impossible for it to block Yu IlHan’s attack.

Yu IlHan didn’t allow it to dodge and struck the bullet into its head.

[Kuhuk!]

“What in the world… Is that……?”

“What the hell? Is that a pile bunker?”

“Fuck, just what other world has that kind of weapon!?”

He didn’t even mind the surroundings, and just shot the pile bunker!



Chapter 36

[Critical Hit!]

{Kwaaak!}

At the same time as the release of the bone bullet, it embedded itself onto the Flame Lizard leader’s head and shot through the ground. Its power was so strong that the ground was about to collapse from it.

{Kuuk, Kuuuk.}

{We have to save boss.}

“Hey, block!”

“YuNa, Shield!”

“Yup!”

The guards confronted them hurriedly, but at that time, the other humans also came to themselves moved.

Magic flew around; shields and morning stars blocked their weapons.

Even so, there were two guards who arrived at Yu IlHan’s location, but at that time, Yu IlHan had already recovered the pile bunker and took out a greatsword.

The swap of weapons in mid air was very fast to the point that it looked like magic.

[Ignorant Giant’s Black Greatsword]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power – 2,300]

[Options – 50% increase in weight, 20% increase in user’s strength]

[Durability – 2,100/2,100]

The blade was slightly blunter than the Death god’s black spear, and the attack power was low as well, but it was heavy and even increased strength so this weapon was perfect for thoughtlessly swinging around!

At the same time of taking it out, he struck down the leader’s body to embed it deeper into the ground, then landed on it and swung it whole!

“Huooot!”

[That shout is strange!]

[You have awakened Swordsmanship Lv Max. If you have the skill evolution materials, you can evolve the skill.]

The spear and the greatsword which the two guards used got swept up by Yu IlHan’s attack and flew far away. He just overwhelmed two monsters simultaneously with strength! However, as the other people had seen the pile bunker already, they didn’t get stunned by something like that.

{Re, record…… Strong, human……!}

The leader under his foot was speaking nonsense as it tried to sit up. Yu IlHan lightly smiled and kicked on the bone ammo which was half embedded its head.

[Critical Hit!]

{Kuaaak!}

Although it was amazing that it didn’t die after the ammo was stuck on its head, it was no different than dead. The guards assaulted towards him looking at their boss’ pains, but Yu IlHan pushed them back with a swing of his greatsword and didn’t forget to kick the ammo.

The leader’s head vibrated like a mobile phone vibration mode, and blood and flames scattered everywhere. As a last resort, it even made the surrounding buildings explode, but as Yu IlHan was covered by a legend rank armor, he didn’t flinch a bit.

Unless it made Yu IlHan himself explode, it wouldn’t be able to kill him.

It couldn’t overcome his defensive power. That was its loss.

“Did he get a shield buff somewhere?”

“Na YuNa, did you give him a shield buff?”

“No?”

Even the humans confronting the guards couldn’t believe reality and looked for other reasons. It was unbelievable to think that he was holding out just because the armor was sturdy.

However, that was the truth. The reality was always unrealistic.

“Hup!”

They thought Yu IlHan was only pushing the guards back, but the greatsword swung by Yu IlHan was destroying their helmets. He destroyed their defensive armor, so there was only a strike left! The greatsword swung by him like flowing water pierced guard(a)’s face.

Bones and blood scattered everywhere, Yu IlHan kicked on the enormous bone ammo again, and he swung the greatsword with the guard skewered and blew away guard(b).

[You have earned 660,839 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv78 Elite Flame Lizard.]

Guard(a) which was struck by guard(b)’s corpse, flew away several tens of meters before crashing with the ruins of a building. As he had to move violently, Yu IlHan’s mind drifted away from the leader for a bit.

However, as if it had waited for that moment, the Flame Lizard leader, which was almost dead, widened its eyes and shouted.

{Kuwalaaakakagaga!}

“What the hell is it saying whoaaa!”

The ground shook. The pipelines and the wires underneath the ground all snapped, and the nearby buildings all collapsed. At the same time, underneath his foot, with the Flame Lizard leader as the center, the ground shot up by several tens of meters instantly!

[Yu IlHan, it’s the same method as last time! The other humans are in danger!]

“I know!”

Yu IlHan replied shortly. Then he raised his greatsword.

{Replacing humans…… top of the…… world…….!}

“You’re dreaming.”

The several tens of meters high mud and concrete all emitted heat. He didn’t want to imagine, but this thing was trying to make the entire hill a bomb.

Now that it realized its chance of victory was small, it was trying to perish together!

“I will make you dream forever!”

However, before the several tens of tons of bomb was ignited, Yu IlHan’s greatsword struck down with enormous strength.

The greatsword violently hit the bone bullet on its head, and the bullet finally completely pierced through its head!

{Ka, huh……}

Its vitality was truly amazing, as it stayed alive even after the bone ammo made its brains into mush.

However, Yu IlHan thought that it may explode the hill at any time, so whenever its mouth opened, he struck down with his greatsword with all his strength, and eventually, its limit in opening its mouth arrived.

{Ku, Kak.}

[You have earned 1,897,565 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 97 Flame Lizard Wizard.]

The exothermic hill lost its heat. He was worried whether it would explode or collapse, but it didn’t change after that. The humans looking at the scene nerve-wrecking could also finally set their minds at ease.

In contrast, Yu IlHan was disappointed.

“No matter how small and weak it is, it even changed the landscape all by itself. Isn’t it too much that its level is lower than the black leopard?”

[Mutants are originally stronger than the monsters at their level. However, as such, Heaven would send out quests, and as the group occurred by absorbing the Trap of Destruction, their byproducts are also extraordinary.]

“Trap of destruction? Then harkanium!?”

[There is no way harkanium would be fine in the process of monsters being generated.]

“Ah fuck.”

There was a bad angel who played around with people’s hearts, right here. Even while grumbling, Yu IlHan put the Flame Lizard Wizard’s body into his cross bag. Then, he used the greatsword as a sleigh to slide down the hill.

“Yahoo!”

[Your talent in finding something to enjoy wherever you are really is extraordinary. It’s even uselessly good.]

The sleigh landed on the ground in exactly 4 seconds. If the hill was bigger, then it would have become more exciting and enjoyable – thinking such useless thoughts, Yu IlHan stood on the ground when the people gathered around him.

“Is it clearly dead? Are there no aftereffects?”

“Are you hurt anywhere? Shall I give you a heal?”

“Knight, you’re cool! It was a perfect maneuver!”

“Just what job do you have to have such a high instantaneous destructive ability! Let’s grab a drink after this!”

As the people originally gathered to confront the leader, their skills were not lacking in any way. This meant that Yu IlHan’s skills were overwhelming to the point that even they were overwhelmed by it.

Obviously, gathering towards Yu IlHan and chatting noisily was set in stone.

Yu IlHan didn’t think that Korean people were kinder than the people of other countries, but coincidentally, the first ones to approach him and were worried about his injuries were the two Koreans.

Yu IlHan became jealous of their perfect appearances and hearts, along with their fluent English, so he retorted coldly.

“I’m alright. Rather than me, please hunt the monsters. It will be a disaster if even one escapes.”

[I don’t think that was cold at all?]

While ignoring Erta’s tackle, Yu IlHan moved. It was to finish off guard(b) which he threw along with the corpse of guard(a) and take their corpses.

Meanwhile, people who were left behind all whispered to each other, but as the two Koreans whispered in Korean, he could listen to them more easily.

“HaJin-oppa. Do you think that guy has 3rd class?”

“No way. Not only is it impossible to level up to 100 in this short time, I cannot believe that he already finished the 3rd advancement quest. If he did, then at least he would be famous to the point that we would have heard of him.”

“Then he’s that strong despite being only 2nd class?”

“Yes. Frustratingly.” 

“So cool.”

Even while chatting amiably amongst themselves, they headed to other monsters to kill them as Yu IlHan had said. Meanwhile, Yu IlHan clearly finished off guard(b) and took their corpses.

If there were other guards left, he would kill them, but the three guard were already killed by the other people when he was fighting with the Flame Lizard Wizard. As expected of elites, their skills were quite good.

However…… Now that it became to this, there was only Flame Lizard trash which can’t even explode the ground or the buildings or the rocks, left.

Yu IlHan moved his steps while sighing.

“No matter how much I suffer in taking them out, there will definitely be one which escapes alive.”

[That won’t happen if you kill all of them!]

“No, Erta. Even if I leave LA after I’m sure that they’re exterminated, there will be exactly one which will survive and hide to watch for the plane I’m in. Then, the moment I return to LA, there will be another mutant chaos due to that single one.

[Stop with your uselessly realistic predictions! I won’t make that happen! So move! Move already!]

“I’m already moving.”

While listening to Erta’s criticism, Yu IlHan moved around his body busily. Even though he said that, he didn’t want to suffer twice. If he lost even one of them, and damages occurred in LA due to that – he didn’t want that either.

Of course, there was also the intention to widen the gap between him and the others to clearly take 1st place in the rankings.

{Kwek!}

[You have earned 422,989 experience.]

“Home run!”

{Kweeek!}

[You have earned 407,633 experience.]

While swinging around the greatsword freely, Yu IlHan swept across the battle zone. It was unbelievable to think that he was grandly having a battle with their leader until just a few moments ago as he moved around like nothing had happened.

Many Flame Lizards lost their lives at his greatsword.

Thinking about it, it hadn’t even been 15 minutes since he left the airport. However, during those 15 minutes, their leader, along with its guards, all died, and the small fries were also scattered.

To the monsters, the situation was frustratingly unfair, and it was a balance destruction but Yu IlHan didn’t care about that.

“Fuuuaaap!”

Yu IlHan kicked off the ground and swung his greatsword violently. The three Flame Lizards, which were inside the sword’s trajectory, not because they wanted to be there, but because Yu IlHan’s actions and attack were too fast, all got cut in half and fell down.

“That’s definitely a skill. He used that skill last time and halved 4 of them! I thought he was a spear knight, but is he a greatsword knight?”

“Amazing. No matter how us Earthlings are growing rapidly, to think that there was such a strong person in just two months!”

“Hey, aren’t we people of Earth the strongest?”

Don’t chat and kill the monsters! Kwaaa! – he wanted to shout this to them, but as if they knew they would be criticized if they stayed still, they were moving around even while talking.

He was happy and sad at the same time that people acquired the strength to be leisurely even while confronting monsters. But what could he do? Yu IlHan himself was the one to give them their leisure by killing off the boss.

[Yu IlHan, you’re returning humanity’s laughter real time.]

“No, I don’t need that. Go away.”

The Flame Lizard army started decreasing rapidly after the Flame Lizard Wizard was defeated. The distorted power of the Trap of Destruction disappeared, the environmental changed stopped, and the elites who were tied up by the boss and its guards also stood up to fight against the monsters, so the monsters’ grand ambition to spread to the city was stopped.

Some of the ability users followed those elites, and even more than that, there were people who followed Yu IlHan after being touched by his actions and supported him. Although, he didn’t need that much support.

[It’s ending.]

“Miss angel? If you don’t wanna give me another quest, then say the locations of the small fry mobs right now.”

[Wait for a little, I also don’t want to increase my work…….two of them at 11o’clock.]

“Okay.”

Although in novels, there would be a foreshadow at moments like these, Erta didn’t allow such a foreshadow. She also didn’t want to replay the insult of the birth of the black leopard.

Yu IlHan used the Angel GPS to move around quickly and kill the mutants who were trying to hide or run away. After 20 minutes pass like that, he was sure that all the monsters had died.

“Phew. I did all that so I’m definitely first, right.”

[Those words are the foreshadows you like so much. If you say that, another person will always take first.]

“It was me who killed the leader and 2 elites. If I’m not first, then I’ll go to God to have a showdown.”

[Tch.]

While being assured that he was the 1st, Yu IlHan moved towards the airport.

Because due to all the weight of the Flame Lizard corpses in his cross bag, the ground was sinking. While looking at that, he spoke in a small voice.

“Hey, give me the cross bag weight control function first.”

This was the moment when the sudden Heaven quest was perfectly ended.



Chapter 37

[Heaven Quest 003, Executor Mission Complete!]

[All stats increased by 2.]

[You have completed the quest most successfully amongst the quest applicants. A special reward is given.]

Before he went into the airport, Yu IlHan went into an alley without anyone noticing. Although he had the confidence that no one would find him even if he just went back to the airport like that, he was frustrated to move according to his assurance.

As such, he took off the armor to shake the blood off before putting it in his Cross Bag, then he did the same with the spear. He also loaded the pile bunker to the 4th level as he used it in that battle.

As he didn’t know when the need to use it will arise again, loading the pile bunker to shoot at maximum output anytime was the basics.

While doing that, Erta thought about Yu IlHan’s request and sighed while speaking to him.

[It can’t be helped, give me the bag first.]

Yu IlHan obediently handed the Cross Bag over. Erta seemed to mutter something after being handed the bag and an angel’s ring appeared on top of her head.

When Yu IlHan saw that, he immediately knew what she was trying to do. Didn’t he learn that the angels’ rings are not just exothermic devices due to his previous quest?

As he had expected, soon, a few angels appeared.

[Oh, it’s the Executor.]

[This person made the Traps of Destruction of Earth.]

[Anyway Erta, why did you call us here?]

Somehow, Yu IlHan had the memory of seeing them before while he was doing his second quest, but to pick out their common points was that all of these angels had a good attitude towards Yu IlHan.

When Yu IlHan noticed and looked at Erta, she only shrugged her shoulders and acknowledged it.

[Don’t you think that the ones not biased towards you would help more?]

As it was the truth, Yu IlHan couldn’t say anything about it. Meanwhile, Erta explained to the other angels what she was about to do.

[The reason I called you is to grant the Executor, who accomplished Heaven Quest, his wish. I’m planning to upgrade the power of the reward we gave him previously, so I want your help.]

[I think I know what you want help with, looking at that Cross Bag.]

The angels gathered towards the Cross Bag. Looking at that, Yu IlHan realized subconsciously.

“Are you trying to do Mana Crafting?”

[Then what do you think we’ll do? Mana crafting isn’t only reserved for blacksmiths. In almost all processes of making artifacts, mana crafting is necessary.]

Erta smiled while replying and immediately started mana crafting with the other angels. The scene where all of them held each other’s hands and putting mana into the Cross Bag looked very beautiful. Thinking about the product of that process, it looked even more beautiful.

However, even if Yu IlHan used good magic stones and the same materials to do mana crafting, he wouldn’t be able to make something surpassing logic like the Cross bag.

This was a higher existence’s real power. As their levels were completely different, Yu IlHan treated the artifacts he was making and the Cross Bag differently. He now came to a realization.

How long did it pass since he was looking at that brilliant light? He thought that not even several tens of seconds had passed, but the angels had already let go of each other’s hands. The process had ended while Yu IlHan was appreciating the scene.

[Well then, you can control the weight as you want. There won’t be a case where the ground will shake when you take a single step anymore. You’ll be able to get on the plane without worries too.]

“Thanks.”

Yu IlHan received the Cross Bag and put it on. Meanwhile, the angels didn’t go back straight after they finished their work and stayed around Yu IlHan and Erta while chatting.

[I didn’t think much time has passed since I last saw you but you sure have changed a lot in such a short period of time.]

[So you obliterated the Metal Heart Dungeon. How did you know that there was an Overflow here?]

[Thanks to you, the Overflow ended cleanly. You’re an amazing human.]

“Even if you praise me like that, I won’t dance you know. Rather than praises, give me money. Then I’ll dance or whatever.”

Yu IlHan replied coolheadedly, but the angels were laughing with all their might. These angels were really weird. One of the angels spoke to him while laughing.

[In fact, I was watching your actions nearby. The ability user I’m helping also participated in today’s battle.]

“What?”

Yu IlHan twitched when he heard that. Although he vaguely predicted that it wasn’t only him who would be in contact with angels, they blatantly acknowledged that they were ‘helping’ the humans?

Moreover, it was also slightly insulting that he didn’t realize that amidst the battle. He looked glared at Erta, and she sighed while nodding.

[Let’s say that there’s a rare and strong ability user. If an important fighting power of Earth just died like that, then the balance between monsters and humans will be no more, right? Some angels in charge of managing Earth act as guardian angels in order to prevent that.]

“That sounds like cheating, though.”

It felt very new to hear that the world was unfair from Erta. Well, there was Yu IlHan who was left behind alone for 1,000 years, so that wasn’t anything big in front of Yu IlHan.

[To provide comfort to only one entity goes against fairness. As such, it is only allowed after a strict discussion, and even if one was allowed, it is not like they can proactively interfere with the targe’s life and death, so what they can do is on a similar level as me.]

“So in other words, useless, eh.”

[No! I told you last time, I’m helping you quite a bit!]

The angels were looking at Yu IlHan and Erta’s conversation as if they were interested. At that time, the self-proclaimed guardian angel spoke again.

[The child I’m watching isn’t a bad child so please help if you meet her again.]

“Who is it?”

[She’s called Na YuNa. It seems you’re from the same country?]

“Oh, that couple.”

Couples die! 

Oops, his true feelings leaked out carelessly. While Yu IlHan was taking deep breaths to control himself, her words continued.

[She’s a child who has a very rare ability on Earth. She’s a priestess who was blessed by the Goddess of Beauty. It wouldn’t be a bad idea for you to become close to her, I think?]

At the time that he thought that she spoke too much of private things, Erta seemed to have become wary of her, as she thinned her eyes and interrupted.

[Feyta, I understand that you buy Yu IlHan’s ability highly, but do not tell others of his ability or intentionally make others approach him. He has the right to have his personal information protected.]

[It’s rare that Erta gets so worried by a lower existence.]

[Erta, do you like that guy?]

[No, you will get killed by Lita.] 

[The mana crafting is over so get back already!]

Erta chased all the angels away. Even while being chased away, the angel called Feyta didn’t forget to tell Yu IlHan to take good care of Na YuNa.

While thinking that she was very hardworking with her guardian angel job, Yu IlHan moved towards the airport.

[What will you do?]

“I am going to go to Arizona on the plane quietly as if no one is there.”

[But Feyta requested you to take care of that human woman.]

“I am going to go to Arizona on the plane quietly as if no one is there.”

[If you help her, then she might give you a reward.]

“I am going to go to Arizona on the plane qui……”

[Okay, I got it so receive the rest of the reward.]

To Yu IlHan, who climbed to the peak of a universal loner due to his innate talent and post-natal training, approaching others of his own accord was an impossible quest. He’d rather kill a dragon than proactively talking to a pretty girl.

[Not only you have killed the leader of the monsters, the Flame Lizard Wizard, you have killed 2 Elite Flame Lizards, and countless Flame Lizards and you have ranked an overwhelming 1st in this quest. Although you have proceeded an upgrade with an existing reward, even so, you still have a lot of remaining achievements. So, with the records you have acquired in the battle, we will process it with Heaven’s energy to provide you a useful skill.]

“Dad skill?” 

[I’ll get angry.]

“Sorry, my bad.”

Although he himself had countless records, the records of the enemies he confronted were also inside him. In fact, the skill to hand to him was already made.

[Rejoice. It’s a skill that even you, who cannot use mana, can use.]

“Because of who can I not use mana?”

[I’m sorry, my bad.]

Is a peaceful conversation not possible between them? Yu IlHan could only receive the reward after they dealt a strike to each other.

[You have learned the skill [Superhuman Strength]. Upon activation, muscular strength would be temporarily enhanced, and you can exert a strength beyond your limits. However, the fatigue after the fight also increases. As the skill level increases, it becomes possible to enhance your muscles for a longer duration, for less fatigue, and more effectively.]

Although it wasn’t a warcry category skill that he wanted, no matter how he thought about it, it was a much better skill than that.

However, Yu IlHan could only cringe when he saw that.

“Hey.”

Yu IlHan asked.

“This isn’t something that a human learns, is it?”

[That’s why I said it’s a record you’ve acquired. Heaven Quest rewards are originally like this. Moreover, you’ve learned all that a human could learn so you don’t even need one.]

Although he was quite uncomfortable that he acquired a skill that a monster might learn, as Erta said nothing wrong, he couldn’t retort properly. Moreover, as he had thought the first time he received this, wasn’t this skill exceptional in itself?

In the end, Yu IlHan obediently received the skill and moved his steps. Although there were countless people at the airport, there was no one who could catch him. It wasn’t anything new

“We really can’t see hiiim. Feyta said that that person would be on this plane.”

“I’m worried that you’re trusting that angel too much. Be quiet for a bit. There might be people who can speak Korean around here.”

At that moment, he thought that he heard a familiar voice and as he had expected, it was the two Korean couple. Yu IlHan instinctively shrunk away, but even if he didn’t worry, they could not see through his concealment.

“How would he look like under his armor? Would he look strong and courageous? He might be unexpectedly a fragile young boy!” 

“Is that important? Weren’t you going to recruit him as an ally as he was strong?”

“The jealous oppa is cool too!”

“I’m not jealous. In the first place, I…….”

While thinking that they were an unpleasant couple, Yu IlHan left the place. Please don’t let me meet them again!

However, the next moment, he was confident he would meet them again, somehow, and became depressed.

“Life is really tiring.”

[Your saying it really doesn’t sound like a joke.]

As the situation was completely cleaned up thanks to Yu IlHan’s actions, the plane headed to Arizona could also depart. As always, Yu IlHan secretly passes through the gate and got on board the plane, and sighed after finding and sitting in a safe place.

“I did all I could.”

[Take a rest, even though it might be a short time until we reach Arizona. You’ve worked hard.]

If it was in the past, she would never say something like that. No, there was no need to be touched by this. This would become the norm from now.

“Yeah, you’ve worked hard too.”

Yu IlHan replied while smiling.

“Although, there will be another Overflow later.”

[Ah really! That won’t happen!]

“It’s a joke.”

Although he wasn’t sure whether another Overflow will occur or not, as he had done his best, he had no regrets. So what if it happens again. Yu IlHan will have become stronger by that time, and sweep them out even easier!

Rather than that, the most important thing to him now were the trolls. Trolls! Yu IlHan became excited at the fact that he would kill trolls and lay down.

“Let’s go to the Grand Canyon when we arrive! The Grand Canyon!”

“Na YuNa, we’re not going there to play.”

The next moment, all his excitement died down, wonderfully.

Yu IlHan called Erta with a voice like a zombie pierced by a harpoon.

“Erta.”

[Their original destination is also Arizona so what can I do about it? Moreover, unlike you, they aren’t illegal stowaways.]

“Fucking law!”

[That’s quite a creative resentment.]

So like that, a plane, along with one stowaway and a couple of a handsome man and a pretty woman, headed to Arizona.

Yu IlHan decided to leave the airport faster than anyone as soon as he arrived in Arizona, but it was unknown if he could escape the Korean couple even if he did that.



Chapter 38

Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport, Arizona. Yu IlHan stood up as if bouncing up the moment the airplane landed.

“What’s the location of the troll dungeon?”

[It’s the Grand Canyon.]

“Ah, shit.”

His bad premonition just increased by a level! They said that they didn’t come here to play so he could only believe in that for now.

Yu IlHan left the terminal while sighing and started moving. Only the pouring sun rays were consoling his heart.

As always, he wore a leather jacket and jeans, covered his face with a mask and ran assiduously.

As his physical ability had increased due to leveling up, his running was comparable to a sports car. Of course, as always, no one could find him.

While running assiduously, Yu IlHan reconfirmed the evolution criteria for the Resting skill.

[Sleeping 2nd class monster’s hearts 0/500]

[Troll’s blood 0/500 liters]

[Good sleep 100/100 hours]

[3rd class monster’s magic stone 1/1]

There were two criteria left to evolve the skill. These were: the troll’s blood he could get from the dungeon he was heading to now and the hearts of sleeping 2nd class monsters. Yu IlHan confirmed with Erta.

“You’re sure that the trolls are 2nd class, right?”

[Although there are various types of trolls, in the dungeon I told you, there are definitely 2nd class trolls appearing. …… You, are trying to finish the quest in one go, aren’t you?]

“Of course, why do you think I made a new weapon?”

Wasn’t it to acquire enough strength to kill a 2nd class monster in one go!?

[Trolls definitely are monsters that sleep a lot. Instead, their senses are quite sensitive, but since you have the ability known as ‘concealment’ you don’t apply in that case. Then the problem is.]

“The problem is?”

Erta spoke like it was nothing.

[I don’t think there would be 500 trolls in the dungeon we’re going to, though?]

“No, you angel!”

Although the Grand Canyon was known for its magnificent scenery and geological value, what it’s even more known for is its enormous size.

Standing at the entrance of the South Rim, Yu IlHan gaped in shock when he saw the endlessly wide rift.

“Oh, my god. I thought it would be like summoner’s rift.”

[You lived on Earth for 1,000 years. Haven’t you been here? What were you doing?]

“Wow, it really is amazing……”

Yu IlHan wasn’t listening to her. No matter how the situation on Earth was now stabilized, as there were no people who thought to travel around for tourism right now, so despite its fame, the Grand Canyon was empty, and as such, this scenery was for Yu IlHan alone.

“It’s really fortunate.”

Seeing that Yu IlHan was rejoicing from the bottom of his heart, Erta didn’t feel that bad. The fact that his eyes were glowing felt a bit proud of her.

Was this how a parent felt, teaching their child? When she, who misunderstood her own feelings by a large amount, was about to speak, Yu IlHan’s words continued.

“If it wasn’t for Erta, I would have gotten lost in this wide place looking for a single dungeon…….”

[I hate myself for agreeing with you, even for a moment.]

Yu IlHan ran across the rift with Erta on his head. If he couldn’t control the weight of the Cross Bag, he would have made a big dent in this beautiful mother nature, so solving the weight problem for the previous quest was a truly wise thing.

While running through the rift, which was literally unexplored, Yu IlHan thought about how large the Grand Canyon was, and how nature was being preserved, and what would be in this kind of environment. There was only one conclusion.

“I feel like there would be monsters even though this isn’t a dungeon.”

[There’s one right there.]

That really had a point which made one think up of field hunting in games. What was especially similar was that monsters would appear occasionally over a wide area, and one had to run around all over the place in order to hunt.

It even made one wonder if they were doing a running competition or a hunt!

Of course, as Yu IlHan’s original aim wasn’t a field hunt, he was running towards the dungeon in a straight line without minding where the monsters were, so there was no loss for him.

There are only two kinds of monsters which do not get caught by the Trap of Destruction. Smart ones, and lucky ones, and their common point was that they couldn’t see through concealment skills. In other words, they were very good experience providers for Yu IlHan.

[You have earned 333,395 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 53 Sand Scorpion.]

Yu IlHan grumbled while piercing a scorpion with a light brown armor in a surprise attack.

“Why are sand scorpions appearing in a place without sand?”

[Starfish don’t live on stars, though.]

“Go apologize to every starfish(dolphins) in the world!”

He avoided the ones he thought he could not kill in one blow and killed the ones he could without restraint while proceeding through the rift.

He got off the developed tourism route and was going to his destination in a straight line.

Erta thought that Yu IlHan was overwhelmed by the miracle of mother nature, but Yu IlHan ignored everything on his path to his destination and was only running.

[Don’t you feel anything after you saw this grand scenery]

“I do. It’s fortunate that you’re here.”

[!@#$%.]

Erta bit her tongue since her heart pounded due to Yu IlHan’s words for a brief moment, but annoyance welled up in her heart after she figured out what he meant.

As Yu IlHan stopped in place at that moment, she was shocked since she thought that Yu IlHan found out what she was thinking.

[N, no! Whatever you say, my heart won’t even flinch! I’m a higher existence!]

“This is a dungeon, right?”

Of course, Yu IlHan didn’t even notice that she had spoken something, much less figuring out her heart.

However, she couldn’t ask him for responsibility, since the scene they were confronting was that amazing.

[……What, is this?]

“Don’t ask me, you higher existence.”

That was a huge vortex. He might have thought that this was normal if he hadn’t seen a dungeon entrance before, but as he had experience in cleaning the Metal Heart dungeon, the vortex with a diameter of 7m in the middle of the Grand Canyon was not normal no matter how he looked at it.

[It definitely isn’t a normal dungeon. I definitely remember hearing from the other angels that this was a normal troll dungeon when I asked for opinions on your reward.]

“Why do strange things happen wherever I go? Was I K*nd*ch* H*j*m* in my past life?”

[It’s better than a human without the ability to solve this meeting this situation. Wait a moment. I need to observe it for a bit.]

Erta got off his head while sighing. Although she did run around in panic, in fact, she knew what was happening to a certain extent.

[I think this occurred due to two Traps of Destruction being too close to each other. In such cases, the dungeon will expand rapidly due to supersaturation of mana. Not to mention the gathered monsters, if something goes wrong, the unbalanced dungeon might collapse and affect reality. However, it isn’t an Overflow so do be rest assured.]

As it was the angels who oversaw the process with the Traps of Destruction, this was a very rare occasion.

However, he didn’t feel anything new since there were several ‘rare’ situations that have occurred on Earth.

“So that’s why the dungeon’s scale is so large?”

[It’s not only that. It’s highly possible that there are other monsters than trolls in this dungeon. Although it’s easy for monsters of different species to fight each other, they do get along well if there is a definite enemy called humans. No matter how it’s those ignorant trolls…… As this place is Earth, where everything is strange including you, it’s better to be careful.]

Yu IlHan retorted.

“Shorten it, Erta. You can do it.”

[……The situation is that there are 2 field bosses.]

“Good, much more direct.”

[I really think you’re taming me……]

Yu IlHan ignored Erta’s grumbles and confirmed the level requirement for the dungeon on top of the vortex-shaped gate.

Unlike the frightening scale of the vortex, the level limit was very low – It was only Lv40.

[That’s fortunate. It seems the monsters gathered are weaker than trolls.]

“What if there are no trolls?”

[Then we can just leave. The only other entities that dungeons block entrance to those not meeting the level requirements re monsters. Moreover.]

After patting her chest, Erta spoke confidently.

[You didn’t forget who you’re with right now, did you?]

“That’s why I’m worried.”

[You really are too much at times! Although it poked where it hurts so I can’t retort but please be restrained with your words!]

While imagining a more ‘wild’ dungeon than the one he had predicted, Yu IlHan decided to hone his mind.

It was very important to evolve the Resting skill. Not only was it the skill with the highest possibility to evolve amongst the other skills which looked like nonsense, wasn’t it a very difficult skill to learn and raise its level to the point that Erta was surprised by it?

His senses were whispering to him. That although he would definitely meet another pain-in-the-back matter in this dungeon, he wouldn’t regret it if he evolved the Resting skill!

“No pain, no gain.”

Erta clung on to Yu IlHan’s hair. He firmly gripped the Death god’s Black Spear he took out from the Cross Bag and walked into the vortex confidently.

The dungeon’s insides was a highland. After realizing that, the ‘quite sentimental’ higher existence, Erta grumbled quietly.

[The background became ordinary.]

“Wow, there really are trolls.”

In contrast, Yu IlHan didn’t mind something like a dungeon’s background and started looking for monsters.

Although it was quite ironic that he found one immediately since the monsters had no intention of hiding.

Although no one taught him that it was a troll, Yu IlHan figured out at a glance. An enormous body and a saggy, gray skin; ugly appearance and two arms and legs like a human all told him that it was a troll that he read from books.

However, there was an absolute characteristic which overwhelmed all the other characteristics.

{Troll Rests……}

The troll lied on its back on a tree which was even bigger than its body and was closing its eyes while muttering something utterly ridiculous.

Seeing something that he might see with an old man in a market bench or pavilion, Yu IlHan spoke in exclamation.

“Amazing, it speaks English!”

[That’s not the important thing. No, well, it is important.]

Not all monsters spoke monster-speak. It was the same with the mutant Flame Lizard monsters in LA, and it was also the case with the trolls right now. They were granted a part of a record the moment they appear on Earth.

In that process, some monsters might acquire a special strength, and might be restrained. They might become an entity to make up the dungeon or might become a leader to lead the group.

Some said that it was the mutation or stealing of records, and some said it was a whim of the Akashic Record, but as Yu IlHan would react the same way no matter how she said it, Erta just explained it like this.

[It’s crammed knowledge. How is it? Direct, right?]

“Good, much more dir……whoa!?”

[But why aren’t you killing it? That’s no difficult opponent.]

“I’m waiting for it to sleep. Can’t you tell?”

[It’s sleeping, though?]

“Nonsense, it just rested on the tree saying it would rest……”

Yu IlHan turned his head to the troll while smiling when he heard Erta’s short reply, and shouted in shock at the fact that the troll was really sleeping.

“That ability is a secret technique of the Resting skill, falling asleep in 3 seconds……!?”

[That’s because most trolls have learned the Resting skill.]

Moreover, Yu IlHan falling asleep within 3 seconds after getting on to bed was a secret technique? Erta acquired the most useless knowledge in the world.

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan gripped the spear firmly, and checked his armor just in case, and quietly approached the troll seeing under the tree.

The so-sensitive troll was sleeping well while snoring loudly even though Yu IlHan was right in front of its nose. It was probably sleeping so well since it believed in its danger detection ability so much.

As such, it would be hunted by Yu IlHan.

With a cruel smirk, Yu IlHan swung the spear to cut off its head.

[You have earned 560,705 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 72 Highland Troll.]

Despite the fact that it wasn’t a critical hit, due to the effects of a surprise attack, he could hunt a monster over level 70 with a single strike.

Even though he hadn’t even got his 2nd job!

[Sleeping 2nd class monster’s hearts 1/500]

[Troll’s blood 3/500 liters]

“This is easy.”

[For you, it is.]

Yu IlHan put the heart he pulled out from the troll and the blood he extracted with a syringe in a special container and put it inside his Cross Bag.

Although the fact that he could only extract 3 liters of blood from one troll bothered him, as he had to hunt 500 trolls, it didn’t really matter that much.

“Good. This means that I will have over 1000 liters of troll blood after I kill 500 of them, right? I feel reassured even now!”

[I beg you to drink the blood where others can’t see you.]

Yu IlHan’s troll hunt smoothly started like that. As all trolls had a max level Resting skill, it wouldn’t be that difficult for Yu IlHan to fulfill the requirements of the Resting skill!

Meanwhile, after 3 days had passed since Yu IlHan and Erta entered the dungeon, in front of the vortex gate were another two humans and one angel.

“Wow, It’s a ginormous dungeon but the level restriction is only 50?”

[Be careful, Na YuNa. We don’t know what may happen inside the dungeon.]

“Let’s go it. I also want to get the scorpion poison and go back to Korea fast.”

“This is a dungeon date!”

“Didn’t I say to look for another man?”

[You guys don’t even listen to me, do you……?]

These people who were entering the vortex with a tension no less than that of Yu IlHan and Erta, were, obviously, the Korean man and woman that Yu IlHan hated so much.



Chapter 39

“This dungeon.”

While ripping a fully grilled troll hind leg meat to eat, Yu IlHan spoke.

“Why can I only see trolls?”

[It’s possible that this dungeon is wider than you imagine.]

As Erta said, the dungeon was really astonishingly wide. Although it was a jackpot to find a monster every ten minutes in the Metal Heart Dungeon, Troll Dungeon was not inferior to that.

Even so, as this was no cave but a highland, if Yu IlHan arduously ran around, he could hunt many trolls in a short period of time; but to do so, the disadvantage was that he would get more active, resulting in faster exhaustion and thirst.

At first, Yu IlHan thought that he should finish this early, but now that it came to this, he now thought that something bad may happen if he kept going on like that, and which led to him currently taking a break.

He had removed the heart and the blood of the trolls and was grilling them to eat them.

The original purpose of dismantling(i.e. butchering) laid in eating the meat after taking out the bones and the hide! Yu IlHan could finally initiate the real objective of dismantling.

“Ah, delicious.”

[To think you will satisfy your hunger with troll meat……]

“You want some?”

[No, thank you.]

“It’s delicious though……”

Regardless of the fact that troll meat had poison or extreme poison, it was really delicious once he ate it.

Of course, although there was the help of some salt and pepper that he had brought, the meat didn’t lose out to any other meat that he had tasted until now.

How should that taste be described? It was a little tougher than beef and had an unknown taste despite being sticky.

As he was grilling on the scene, he could not get rid of all the blood, but even so, the troll’s blood was adding to the eccentric taste.

“I’ll grill the arm too.”

[You’re going to eat a whole one at this rate.]

Leveling up will result in muscles being developed. Naturally, calories spent in activities would rise accordingly. Even mages who do not move around their bodies much would naturally eat twice their normal amount if they become high level, not to mention close combat classes.

As such, how would it be for Yu IlHan, who had developed his physical body before the Akashic Record had even come into contact with Earth? Although the time he could endure without eating was long, befitting of someone who trained tenaciously, if he started eating, it was normal for him to easily eat four to five times more than an average person.

When he was about done eating the grilled arm and leg of the troll, a joyful message came up on his retina.

[Extreme Poison Resistance Skill has become Lv2]

“Ooh, extreme poison resistance levels up fast too.”

[That means that the things you’re eating now are that horrible! It’s poison!]

Of course, Yu IlHan ignored Erta’s shouts. Didn’t he have no problem since his extreme poison resistance was holding out well?

“I should have learned to cook beforehand if I knew other skills would grow like this. Lita always cooked me food.”

[I take it that you will learn to start now.]

Correct. Whether he liked it or not, in the future, there would be a lot of matters where Yu IlHan has to fight monsters.

There will be a lot of cases where he would be stuck inside dungeons for a while, like now, and there would be a lot of cases where he has to spend the night in a cave without a single restaurant.

For such occasions, cooking skill was a must! He now refused to eat cheese flavored jerkies and beef jerkies.

“Shouldn’t I be able to earn the cooking skill if I grill and mess around with all the things in my inventory?”

[You’re looking down on skills.]

Exactly two days after that, Yu IlHan acquired the cooking skill.

[You have learned Cooking Skill. You can cook with a more variety of ingredients, using a variety of methods.]

“See, I got one.”

[Khk, I forgot the fact that cooking with monsters would give you more proficiency points……! Moreover, the points when eating it too!]

Erta made an expression as if she was about to go insane from the frustration, but Yu IlHan was only delighted that he had acquired a new skill.

Now that he had realized that the excited expectations he had of dungeons were for nothing, he needed new stimulations.

Not only the cooking skill, his original objective was progressing smoothly as well. Until now, not only had he already finished acquiring 500L of troll blood, he also gathered almost 200 of sleeping monster’s hearts. If he acquired 300 more, the resting skill would evolve.

Moreover, as his level was 48 right now, he would become level 50 at the time he would finish gathering all the hearts. In other words, he had expectations that he might be able to do his 2nd job advancement.

“Anyway, they sure don’t appear.”

Yu IlHan looked around him while ripping off the grilled troll shank meat. However, other than protruding rocks or dust, he could see nothing on the ground.

In a situation where it was deep into the night, a man was grilling meat with fire in the middle of the highland. The situation here was no different from him shouting ‘please attack me’.

However, even though he had lit the fire several times and grilled some meat, there was not a single monster which assaulted him.

“Let’s say trolls don’t since they’re lazy, but even so, isn’t it manners to suddenly pop out from the ground if I’m blatantly acting in the open like an idiot like this?”

[So you are aware that you’re doing idiotic things……?]

Erta, who never imagined that he was attracting monsters, asked back with a ‘that’s absurd’ face.

[I thought you were acting as you liked.]

“Just what do you take me to be?”

[An idiot who aged in reverse.]

While thinking that aging one thousand years in reverse was a feat in itself, Yu IlHan explained.

“Trolls are sleeping anywhere they want but other monsters aren’t like that, right? Even so, that doesn’t mean there are no other monsters than trolls in this dungeon.”

[That’s true. Seeing that the level restriction of the dungeon is low, that’s definite.]

“But no matter how I think about it, my passive concealment is maintained right now. Is that why they aren’t attacking me? Or so I thought.”

[Is that so.]

“So, I’m grilling meat here like this because I’m curious of their identities.”

After hearing something that was not reasonable at all, Erta asked shortly after pondering for a moment.

[That’s just an excuse, right?]

“Yeah.”

In truth, he only wanted to grill the meat whether he would get found out or not by the monsters. As he knew that they would be weaker than trolls at least, he had no reason to be afraid either.

[I also thought that was strange.]

“Did you find something out?”

[Although it’s just a hypothesis. In fact, it’s the first time I’ve met someone like you.]

“Don’t make my shoulders dance and quickly explain.”

[Isn’t it that the effect of the concealment is hiding everything, including the fire and the smell of the meat?]

“……”

Yu IlHan resented himself for thinking even for a moment that it may be true. He tried his best to counterargue against Erta.

“But that’s distorting a physical phenomenon, no?”

[Skills are originally like that. You even deceived God, it’s nothing new.]

“……”

He now couldn’t counterargue against her anymore. Yu IlHan was becoming more and more aware of the horrifying ability that he was born with.

3 more days passed since then. The possessor of concealment that could hide even the smell of meat, Yu IlHan, was now confronting the 500th troll in front of him.

It was running around proactively until a few moments ago, but 5 seconds before, it stopped before at 4 seconds, it lay down and fell asleep at 2. As expected of a veteran resting skill practitioner!

However, that veteran experience would lead it to its death.

Yu IlHan looked back to his difficult past while pointing his spear at it.

“A lot of things happened before I reached this point……”

[You’ve grilled a lot of trolls.]

“Although the continuous sufferings have made me exhausted.”

[You must have wanted to eat something else after eating all those trolls.]

“My desire for growth lead me here.”

[But you couldn’t stop because the extreme poison resistance skill and the cooking skill kept leveling up.]

Erta read his heart so correctly that he was shivering.

“Ah, really.”

[Just kill it quickly.]

Even while grumbling, he obediently followed Erta’s words and struck out his spear. As he had experience in killing 499 trolls, his spear flew agilely through the air like a viper, to pierce the softest part of the troll’s thick neck.

The moment the troll’s life was over without being able to wake up, something out of expectations had happened.

[You have earned 572,395 experience.]

[You cannot become level 50 without acquiring a 2nd class. All records earned before acquiring a class will be calculated after the class is generated.]

[With the achievements and records you have acquired until now, your available path is revealed. Please select a class. A test befitting that will be granted.]

[1. Blurred Lancer Expert]

[2. Battle Expert]

[3. Rookie Reaper]

[4. Berserker]

“Oh.”

Although he was vaguely expecting it, to think that it would really happen. Yu IlHan became dumbfounded and read down the text while pulling out the heart from the troll.

Now, he had acquired all the evolution materials for the resting skill, but rather than that, the 2nd class had become something more important than something like an evolution confirmed skill.

[Is that so. To think that there would be so many branches even after setting your path in the 1st class. It wouldn’t be like you to miss out anything.]

“Well, I’m quite sorry.”

[You haven’t been to another world, so it is fair for me to help you in acquiring a class. Let’s have a look.]

Many possibilities meant exceptional ability. However, if one could not choose the longest and the most sturdy path, then one would be left behind by someone who walked on a single path.

While looking through all 4 of the classes, Erta thought about which class would fit Yu IlHan.

[First, Battle Expert and Berserker are both classes that I know well. Battle Experts are warriors who use all their body to attack, much less using all weapons, and berserkers are warriors who do not leave the battlefield unless he himself or the enemy dies.]

“Summing it up, both are perverts, you mean?”

[They are that strong. They are also classes that are hard to acquire. I even saw someone who acquired Berserker as their 3rd class. However, if you acquire it as a 2nd class, that means you can acquire a higher class than him.]

It seemed that Battle Expert came from Yu IlHan’s ability in wielding all weapons freely, and Berserker from Yu IlHan pulling the roots out of the monsters several times.

As both jobs didn’t seem to be affected much by mana, there would be no problem choosing either one.

[Blurred Lancer Expert is the next stage of your current job. Of course, as a unique job, it would only serve to enhance the current characteristics of the job.]

“Rookie Reaper then?”

[I don’t know.]

Erta smiled bitterly.

[It’s the first time I’ve seen it. It’s obviously a unique job.]

“Although I did expect it, it really is like that, eh……”

[Unique jobs are stronger compared to normal classes. You should know since you have grown as a blurred lancer. However, there are also disadvantages. It’s the fact that you do not know what that class does until you select it. ……You also know this well, right?]

“Of course I do.”

Blurry spearman Yu IlHan nodded while gritting his teeth.

“I’m prepared to flip everything over if the skills of Rookie Reaper is something like a newbie harvester.”

[Yes. There are such dangers.]

Erta nodded seriously. However, even after having said all that, Yu IlHan spoke while smiling.

“However, I will choose the Rookie Reaper.”

[I knew you would say that.]

Truly shittily, Yu IlHan liked the things he did not experience, too much. A small risk, he would take it gladly!

Rather than the obvious jobs like the Battle Expert, the Berserker, or the Blurred Lancer Expert, the Rookie Reaper was stimulating him more.

In fact, Erta also wasn’t that opposed to his such decision.

Classes, in the end, only appear according to the trajectory that one had stepped on until now. As there was nothing that was not worthy of shock from the things that Yu IlHan did until he was level 50, the job called Rookie Reaper would definitely not be a landmine. Wasn’t Blurred Lancer an exceptional job even though the name was a little… off?

[Good. Do as you will. Bet, regardless of losing, right?]

“Yes.”

Yu IlHan closed his eyes and strongly thought of the Rookie Reaper. The next moment, the choices other than Rookie Reaper disappeared in an instant, and green text started appearing on his retina.

[Rookie Reaper is a process to become a death god to grant death to all things fairly, at the same time, being the only path in the world that was granted to only you, who has decided to wield death whilst still alive. You have to prove your qualifications as the sole(Yu IlHan) person by fulfilling the tasks.] 

[Kill 2nd class monsters in a single strike in a surprise attack 0/100]

[Kill 3rd class monster in a single strike in a surprise attack 0/1]

This was the moment when the worst job advancement quest in the world had appeared.



Chapter 40

“So this is why there are people who can’t go above level 50 in all their lives.”

[A bit like that.]

This was the conversation Yu IlHan and Erta had after he saw the text ‘kill a 3rd class monster in a single attack with a surprise attack.

No, really, does it even make sense to make someone who’s less than level 50, instakill a 3rd class monster?

There’s a limit to unreasonableness, this was no different from giving a high school freshman, a university entrance exam-level question.

But thinking like that, it seemed doable.

[You’re pondering how to succeed that criterion?]

“No, I do have a method that I’ve thought up of.”

The criteria for the quest was in the first place, a surprise attack. Yu IlHan’s attack power would increase by 40% due to his concealment passive effect because of his armor and his class, and coincidentally, he had the pile bunker with an enormous attack power right now.

The numbers weren’t funny. Didn’t he experience its destructive power several times already? It didn’t look impossible if he did well.

“But right now, it’s impossible. It’s also impossible for me right now to raise my strength so there’s only one thing I can do.”

[And that is?]

“What do you think?”

Erta thought about it for a little. Of course, the conclusion came out not long after.

[It’s mana crafting, isn’t it?]

Correct. Yu IlHan was planning to use mana crafting on the pile bunker and the full plate armor. It might be insufficient with just that, so he was planning to go through a special modification on the pile bunker.

For that modification process, there was a need to sacrifice the 3rd class magic stone in his possession.

“Now that it came to this, I should give up on evolving the resting skill.”

[You just managed to fulfill all the requirements, and it comes to this.]

Somehow, Erta looked more disappointed than Yu IlHan himself, so he quietly smiled.

“I can’t help it. Even if you say it’s the evolved version of the resting skill, it’s not a battle-oriented skill, right? So, it’s better for me to finish advancing to my 2nd class first and somehow acquire another 3rd class monster’s magic stone, before evolving it.”

[You’re right. That’s the reasonable logic. I was just a little disappointed.]

Mana crafting was originally doable without a magic stone. The reason why Yu IlHan needed to use magic stones in mana crafting was only because he had no ability to wield mana.

However, separate from that, it was also true that the effect of mana crafting would increase if one used a magic stone.

Just the difference between using a 1st class monster’s magic stone and a 2nd class monster’s magic stone alone was huge already, how amazing would the effect be if he were to use a 3rd class monster’s magic stone?

To increase his probability of succeeding the quest, Yu IlHan could delay evolving something like a resting skill without hesitation.

“Well, then.”

[You’re going into work straight away, eh.]

“I’m hungry so I should eat first.”

[I knew it…… I really did know you would say that!]

Yu IlHan gathered firewood quite proficiently, scattered troll fat, and ignited them. He suitably chopped the troll meat to bite sized pieces, skewering them on a metal skewer, before he left them on the fire. Then, a fragrant smell could be smelled soon.

“I’m quite proficient in my cooking skill now, right?”

[Although it’s what you got from cheating.]

Skills were truly wondrous. The cooking skill increased a lot when using monsters as ingredients, and as it grew, it automatically leads Yu IlHan on the more correct and delicious cooking path.

Of course, if he kept grilling trolls, then it would stop, but Yu IlHan had an ambitious dream to make all monsters into a dish. His final objective was a dragon steak.

“Should I get to work right away after eating this?…… It should be easier if a 3rd class monster appears in this dungeon.”

[Although I’m not sure, I think that there is one.]

“What a coincidence, so do I.”

A huge vortex entrance, the enormous area.

Yu IlHan was sure that there was no way a 3rd class monster wouldn’t be here in such a blatant place.

“The author I respect, Anton Chekhov, of Russia, said this. If a machine gun appeared in the first chapter, then Rambo must appear in the 3rd chapter with his action.”

[I will not tackle that line.]

While Yu IlHan spoke nonsense while eating troll meat, and Erta looked at him with fed up eyes.

Erta seemed to lift her head up before saying while giggling.

[It seems Rambo has appeared.]

“Rambo? A 3rd class monster has appeared already?”

[Think about it. Was it only a machine gun you took out in this journey?]

Yu IlHan thought for a while and ended up realizing.

That was true. The moment he left Korea, didn’t he take out pistols, submachine guns, and cannons? Amongst them, there were some who looked like they should appear in this chapter.

Na YuNa and her boyfriend who chattered about the Grand Canyon.

The moment he thought up of that, Yu IlHan’s face crumpled violently.

“Shit.”

[They’re coming this way.]

Immediately after Erta said that, a truly huge scorpion showed itself over the horizon. Yu IlHan remembered seeing that thing, which moved incredibly quickly for a scorpion, not long ago.

“Like I said, why is a sand scorpion appearing on a highland!”

[Just save those people already!]

In the left pincer of a huge sand scorpion, with a body over 4m, was the white priestess-clothed woman, Na YuNa. Yu IlHan, who was clueless to magic didn’t know, but she was holding on since she cast a defensive skill over her body, as otherwise, she would be snapped in half.

[That’s why I said to be careful!]

“Kyaaak! Help me! I will eat my vegetables starting tomorrow so please save meee!”

“Shit!

A woman captured by a huge running scorpion’s pincers; a guardian angel who was screaming right next to her; and lastly, an armored man who was following them. It was definitely her boyfriend.

How did they even end up in that kind of situation even with a guardian angel?!? He really wanted to ignore them, but as he saw it, the situation the woman was in looked very dangerous. In truth, there was plenty of room to her defensive magic, but as Yu IlHan was clueless with magic, he wouldn’t know that.

Yu IlHan sighed before standing up and gripped the metal skewer with troll’s meat juices and blood dripping off it.

“Why are they struggling with such a weak monster?”

[If one gets ambushed then they will become like that. Although, you would never know that since you never experienced it, nor will you ever experience it in the future.]

“I can sense hostility from your words……Hup!”

After retorting to Erta’s words while grumbling, Yu IlHan postured himself in place and threw the metal skewer like that. Erta was frightened by that scene.

[You’re going to throw away the only chance of a surprise attack with that metal skewer!?]

“Don’t worry, that’s Metal Heart right there.”

[……Are you saying that you made a mere skewer with that precious metal?]

“Yeah. It was my dream to defeat enemies with metal skewers.”

The metal skewer that Yu IlHan threw was affected by his max level shooting skill to pierce through the air sharply like a bullet before piercing into the scorpion’s pincers.

As it wasn’t made from Metal Heart for nothing, the metal skewer pierced such a hard carapace like tofu. It was truly an absurd scene.

{Kyaaeuuu!}

How much would it hurt since its pincers were pierced? The huge sand scorpion momentarily couldn’t endure the pain and rampaged. In that process, the woman in its pincers was freed naturally into the air.

At this point, Yu IlHan realized something new, and it was that even though he had attacked first, the scorpion hadn’t noticed him. It seemed that because his attack was too fast and came from an undetectable location, the passive concealment did not wear off.

While thinking that he should research more into that later, Yu IlHan kicked off into the air. The scorpion was still rampaging around, and the woman was falling defenselessly in the air, so she might have been even more injured.

“Kyaaak! Huh?”

Yu IlHan arrived next to the woman first and grabbed one of her arms before throwing her before she even noticed that her arm was grabbed. Of course, the passing opponent was the man who was running madly.

“Huiiik!”

“Huh!?”

As the woman flew at him so suddenly, the man couldn’t catch her properly. While the two were rolling on the ground after the crash, Yu IlHan kicked higher into the air and took out the death god’s black spear before flinging the scorpion’s head away.

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned 668,938 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 78 Giant Sand Scorpion.]

[Critical Hit skill has become Lv 9.]

Only after checking its level did Yu IlHan mutter in surprise.

“Huh? Its level is quite high?”

[Your senses are good. Didn’t I say that it was a weak opponent?]

“Yeah.”

It was really like that. Perhaps due to the thousand years of training, to a certain extent, he could sense how strong his enemy was.

Unless it was an utterly weak enemy or a too strong enemy, he could feel that ‘this seems doable’ or ‘this is easy’ and such.

With his standards, the giant sand scorpion was an opponent that he felt was easy to confront. It was actually easy to kill it as well. However, its level was quite high, so it was no wonder he was confused.

However, that question was solved by Erta soon

[It really was a weak opponent for you, Yu IlHan. It uses poison as its main weapon, but you have the extreme poison resistance.]

“Oh, that’s why.”

It was the same as when he fought the shadow leopard in the past. It specialized in concealment, and as such, the rest of its ability was weak.

The reason why Yu IlHan was able to kill it was also because of that.

This scorpion was no different. Its abilities focused in poison so it was weak in other parts, but as its poison did not work on Yu IlHan, he could hunt it easily.

After knowing the answer, Yu IlHan started dismantling it with a light heart. Of course, he didn’t forget to recover the Metal Heart skewer.

“An ordinary sand scorpion tasted nice, so would the Giant one be even tastier?”

[You’re planning to grill it here again, aren’t you!]

While Yu IlHan was starting to dismantle the giant sand scorpion, Na YuNa, and her companion, Kang HaJin, could stand up, barely straightening themselves out.

As Yu IlHan exposed his own presence strongly while severing the scorpion’s life, and was now even dismantling the huge scorpion, they could not miss Yu IlHan’s figure.

“Ah, it’s that persooon.”

[Yes, it’s that child.]

When Na YuNa spoke, the guardian angel, Feyta, confirmed. After hearing them, Kang HaJin asked in confusion.

“What is?”

“You don’t now, oppa? It’s the person who took out all the monsters in LA.”

“Ah, that armor! But he’s wearing a mask instead of the helmet.”

“That’s cool tooo! As expected of the Dark Knight of LA!”

“Pffft!”

Yu IlHan coughed as he wasn’t able to endure the merciless damage, while he was dismantling the scorpion with exaggerated but delicate hand movements. He really didn’t want to get involved with those people, but he couldn’t resist the temptation to ask.

“What? of LA?”

“As Feyta said, you really do speak Korean!”

Na YuNa replied with a bright smile. Now that he thought about it, they were conversing in Korean! It seemed that the guardian angel Feyta told them that he was Korean anyway.

Seeing that Erta was gritting her teeth, it seemed that Feyta would receive her punishment later.

“The Dark Knight of LA! It’s all the rage on Facebook.”

“What, was that……?”

Yu IlHan muttered in shock. No way, his actions in LA has spread around on Facebook? When he seemed unbelieving, Na YuNa took out her smartphone to show him. His armored figure swinging around a greatsword was really clearly depicted.

“There are talks about you being a black knight from the American government.”

“Some also say that you’re an FBI agent.”

At this rate, there might be talks about him being a giant fusion robot under the Pentagon. While Yu IlHan was stupefied, Erta growled while gritting her teeth.

[I knew SNS was a waste of life! It’s always those evil people who ruined everything! Always!]

“What trauma do you have with the internet to be so hostile towards it……”

Yu IlHan dejectedly retorted to Erta’s words and confronted the handsome man and pretty girl who were looking at him.

There was one important thing.

Chekhov’s gun really did shoot.



Chapter 41

While the rescued man and woman was staring at him, Yu IlHan was sighing and went into dismantling the scorpion.

“Ah, I was ignored at this timing!?”

“Such amazing dismantling skills.”

The woman panicked and the man exclaimed at Yu IlHan’s skills.

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan was thinking while dismantling. How to soclalize with social butterflies.

At that moment, *rumble*, a stomach rumbled. It wasn’t Yu IlHan, but from the woman.

“I’m sorry, I thought of eating a lobster… looks delicious.”

“Wow, you’re thinking such things while looking at a monster which might have killed you.”

Looking at the two famished people, Yu IlHan ended up instinctively asking.

“Should I grill it for you?”

“Yes!”

At Yu IlHan’s words, the woman’s expression turned bright and nodded. The man was making a fed up expression. This told them that he was the only(Yu IlHan) normal person in this place. 

Yu IlHan finished dismantling and was taking the the carapace, well, not exactly a carapace, but something that didn’t lose out to one in hardness; and the poison needle that it never had the opportunity to use, when Na YuNa hopped towards him and stood in front of the scorpion meat that he had piled up. After that, she put her hands together.

“Make poison disappear from them, yapp!” 

“That’s magic!?”

[The poison disappeared!]

Momentariliy, a light pink light appeared, covering the pile of meat before disappearing. This was the moment when the poison from the scorpion meat, which needed poison resistance at least to eat, disappeared.

[A truly amazing ability. I heard you were blessed by the Goddess of Beauty, but you really do have an amazing holy power.]

“*Spit*. I knew pretty ones were no good.”

A certain someone checked on the bathroom mirror whenever he levelled up to see if he became any better, but an innate one was even blessed by a goddess! As always, Yu IlHan’s unreasonable rage was rampaging.

“You saved us and even cooked the scorpion. Thank you!”

However, a pretty lady was thanking him with a bright smile so he couldn’t get angry. Although she did seem to have a screw loose, she didn’t seem to be a bad person. Of course, he didn’t want to get involved much.

However, one thing he did mind was that whether this woman was putting her life and the scorpion meat on the same level or not.

“Na YuNa, how many times did I say that a misunderstanding might occur if you keep acting friendly like that towards a person you met for the same time?”

“We even fought together in LA though? Moreover, Feyta told me that he’s a good person!”

“*Sigh*……Anyway, thank you for saving YuNa.”

“Okay.”

Yu IlHan nodded, took out the Metal Heart skewers before skewering the scorpion meat. But then, the woman approached him saying she would help, and made him frightened.

Just what was this extreme level sociability skills!? Social butterflies were always a problem, approaching loners without considering what they think. Even though his loner-power would be revealed in an instant and the mood becomes awkward!

“Wow, such pretty skewers. This is also the thing that pierced the pincers a moment ago, right? So pretty!”

“You pierced those pincers with a skewer? You even sliced its head off in an instant too. Just what…”

Unlike the woman who obediently exclaimed in praise, the man was slightly vigilant against Yu IlHan, but Yu IlHan thought that that was the normal reaction.

Moreover, Yu IlHan was no different to him in the sense that he was suspicious of them.

Yu IlHan was so curious. He only fought trolls until now from the moment he entered the dungeon, but how could they meet scorpions!

[Isn’t that because the scorpions couldn’t find you?]

“Shut up. It isn’t. Please tell me it isn’t.”

Yu IlHan grilled the scorpion meat, which its poison was gotten rid of, after putting some salt on it. Not long later, a fragrant smell better than troll meat could be smelled. Even the man, who looked as if saying ‘I want none of this’, approached the fire due to the savory smell.

“You even have a cooking skill!?”

“Well, I do have one, but this is just salted grills.”

The two starved people started eating as soon as the skewers were grilled.

As Yu IlHan filled his stomach already with the troll meat, he only ate one and gave them the rest, but the taste was amazing that it made him touched.

“This won’t do. I will also kill the scorpions in this dungeon.”

[I already knew you would say that.]

Scorpion skewers became today’s hot item and they sold out in 10 minutes. However, while Yu IlHan was recovering the skewers and was cleaning them, Na YuNa approached him and asked.

“Aren’t you bored alone? Do you want to party with uuus?”

“No.”

“Okay. Walking next to such a pretty girl like me in a party is happiness itself.”

“No.”

“Wao! Oppa, I was rejected instantly! Even though I’m so pretty!” 

“Good for you.”

Kang HaJin laughed at her, before bowing down to Yu IlHan politely.

“I thank you for saving YuNa. However, there is a saying to not trust anybody within the dungeon. Even if that person is someone with a guardian angel, and someone who has saved my party member. I’m sorry, but we’re planning to leave. Although I have nothing to repay you with right now, if you contact me with this number later, then I will definitely repay you.”

Yu IlHan agreed with the fact that one shouldn’t trust anyone within the dungeon. Of course, he had no experience going to another world, so he didn’t know if it was true or not.

Thinking that he was a cold person, Yu IlHan accepted the id card. A company name he seem to remember from somewhere and the name, Kang HaJin. No, the id card itself looked very familiar.

That’s it. It was the same id card as the one the Empress, Kang MiRae, gave him.

Although something sparked in his head for a short moment, as Yu IlHan believed that he would not get involved with them anyway, he ignored that.

“Okay.”

He answered like that, but as Yu IlHan didn’t roll around on the ground nor did he have a mud shower whilst saving them, he didn’t plan on contacting them just for the rewards. Maybe this man knew that?

He might have just wanted to appeal that he wasn’t a ruthless person, who runs away after being helped. He just looked funny since Yu IlHan could see what he was thinking, prideful and wanting to stand out in front of a woman. He even looked a little cute.

Befitting a loner, Yu IlHan couldn’t hide his rude emotions and laughed while receiving the id card. Then, Na YuNa approached him while hopping, again.

Yu IlHan had to close his eyes when he saw the enormous pair of mounds which were unhidable even with the priestess outfit. She was stimulating the sexual desire of someone who doesn’t react unless confronting a higher existence. She was really someone who was blessed by the Goddess of Beauty.

“Mine too! Call me any time. We’re planning to go back to Korea after we get what we need in this dungeooon.”

“Na YuNa!”

“Kyak! There’s no problem saying that though.”

Na YuNa’s id card was the same as Kang HaJin’s. While looking at Na YuNa being dragged by Kang HaJin by the collar, Yu IlHan put the id cards he received into the Cross Bag. Then he muttered.

“Well, we’ll meet in this dungeon again, obviously.”

[Stop predicting the future.]

“Because I’m planning to follow their back in a moment.”

[That’s even worse!]

“But I have no choice if I want to kill scorpions!”

[Ahh, how pathetic.]

The fact that Erta thought he was slightly cute, at the same time as thinking he was pathetic, was a secret.

Yu IlHan didn’t follow them right away. He didn’t know when the concealment would activate again, and above all, now that he is not fighting any monsters right now, he was planning to finish the mana crafting work.

Only after Na YuNa and Kang HaJin’s shadows disappeared over the horizon did he sit down and prepared to work. Of course, as this was no smithing work, the only things he needed were his body, the materials, and the magic stone.

“What should I do.”

[Do what?]

“3rd class magic stone.”

There were three things he needed to enhance: his armor, the pile bunker, and the ammo.

Although he could not acquire any magic stones in the Metal Heart dungeon, with LA’s Overflow last time, and the trolls he killed in this dungeon, the number of 2nd class magic stones were honestly overflowing. He even had no hesitation in enhancing a one-time-use pile bunker ammo.

The problem was the only 3rd class magic stone he had. With which one should he use so that other people will say he did good? No, well, other people shouldn’t know this.

“I decided.”

The thing he grabbed was the armor. As it was already a legend rank, he thought that it should have the most growth if he used the 3rd class magic stone, and there was also the reason that the magic stone was from the shadow leopard, which specialized in concealment.

Didn’t Erta also say so? That the result would be different according to the characteristics of the magic stone used in the mana crafting process.

He originally wanted metal spikes to shoot out from everywhere, but as he had to focus his firepower in one shot, he decided to enhance the performance of the armor itself rather than attaching such additional functions.

The characteristics that the armor already has, and the characteristics that the magic stone of the shadow leopard has, also, the characteristics of Yu IlHan himself were matching. In this trinity-like situation, Erta also looked forward to what kind of product will be born

Of course, if she said that out loud, Yu IlHan would become dejected, but as mana crafting was even affected by the abilities of the mana crafter, there was no way she could not look forward to it.

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan closed his eyes. The mana crafting, which grew to almost level 30 due to Heaven’s Quest, activated and made the armor and the magic stone emit light.

‘Everything else is okay. More secretively, more fatally. A power that befits of the path I’m treading’

Yu IlHan’s steel-like will aligned with the power of the magic stone to lead it. The perfect affinity between the magic stone and the armor, on top of Yu IlHan’s own affinity, made a shiver-inducing energy, as Yu IlHan had the same affinity.

A dark black light absorbed all light from the surroundings to increase its own size, before disappearing as if nothing was there in the first place.

[Shiveringly Hard Shadow Leopard’s Black Fullplate Armor was completed.]

[Shiveringly Hard Shadow Leopard’s Black Fullplate Armor]

[Rank – Legend]

[Defense – 5,300]

[Options –

1. Defense increaes by 40%

2. 50% increase in attack in a surprise attack]

[Durability – 2,700/2,700]

[An ambusher’s armor made for the one who walks in shadows. The firm and secretive body movements are like those of a leopard hunting in the darkness.]

“Done.”

Yu IlHan exclaimed in delight the moment he checked the options of the finished artifact. Seeing something he exactly wanted, he felt full despite not eating anything.

[That’s because you already ate.]

“Shall I enhance the pile bunker then.”

He ignored Erta’s tackle. Erta was also wondering how he would enhance the pile bunker, so she didn’t complain being ingored. It was as planned.

[Mana Crafting really did bring out results better than you expected, but even so, wouldn’t it be insufficient to kill a 3rd class monster in a single strike? As you’ve confroned the shadow leopard already, you should know of their strength. Are you calculating properly, Yu IlHan?]

“Of course, didn’t I say that I always calculate everything?”

[Don’t joke around and tell me properly.]

Erta said while getting slightly angry. As he knew that she was looking forward to his work, Yu IlHan asked her back while smiling.

“Erta, do you know when the moment is, that a human becomes the strongest?”

[I don’t know. Maybe when one’s protecting something important?]

“You’re wrong.”

Yu IlHan took out the pile bunker, a few strands of Giant’s Rubber Band, and 3 2nd class magic stones while declaring.

“It’s just before death. A human becomes the strongest just before death.”

And Yu IlHan thought that it was the same with an object.

That was because he had never seen a decisive weapon that wasn’t a one time use.



Chapter 42

After Yu IlHan successfully enhanced the pile bunker and the ammo, he unhesitantly started following the man-woman duo.

Their moving speed was considerably fast, but it wasn’t comparable to Yu IlHan’s, and unlike the fact that Yu IlHan wouldn’t be attacked by monsters even if he stayed still, the two had to confront scorpions and trolls continuously so it was a short while before he caught up to them.

“He should have come over to us if I tempted him a little more.”

“You’re dreaming.

“Unless he has ED, there’s no choice but to come to us. Because I’m pretty!”

“Yeah, whatever.”

A little after he chased them, he could hear the two chatting. The woman’s high and mighty pride, the man’s uninterested replies. The conversation made Yu IlHan confused since he thought they were a couple.

“But it’s hard just with the two of uuus. Wouldn’t he have helped us if we told them we’ll give everything to him other than the poison?”

“And if he says he wants that poison? Or if he asks us where we would use it? Moreover, the fact that we know of information about dungeons may sound unfair to others just by itself. We should always be careful with out mouths.”

Hearing Kang HaJin’s sharp counterarguments, Yu IlHan almost burst out in laughter. It was quite impressive that despite saying that he should be careful of what he was saying, he was saying stuff quite carelessly.

Yu IlHan continued following them. He could see Na YuNa grumbling while putting.

“We can just say that it’s the reward from Heaven’s quest. Moreover, no matter how I see it, he’s a good guuuy.”

“I really wonder how you grew up to that age that purely even with your appearance.”

“That’s because oppa and Mirae protected me!”

“No way.”

It seemed they had their own circumstances. Moreover, poison? Were they here for the scorpions and not the trolls in the first place? Yu IlHan looked towards Erta.

“If you honestly say what really happened, I will forgive you.”

[I didn’t know. I really didn’t. Didn’t I already say that I thought this was a dungeon where only trolls lived!? So please stop looking at me as if looking down. It’s making me frustrated.]

“I’m getting more suspicious. I even think there maybe another foreshadow to make me suffer, even though I’m moving while predicting them.”

[Please stop. I think the word foreshadow might bring out a Gestalt collapse.]

Even while conversing with Erta, Yu IlHan kept thinking.

If it’s poison, he got one after killing the giant sand scorpion. Didn’t they want that? A poison of a different type? Or a stronger type? Although it wasn’t a problem if they wanted another type, if they wanted a stronger one…

“Great, that’s definitely a 3rd class one.”

[I knew you would say that.]

Yu IlHan became excited. It really was a great choice to follow them! Although it was a little sneaky!

[I think a scorpion is about to ambush them.]

“Scorpions are mine.”

While saying a line like a cheetah looking for a floured cookie, Yu IlHan took out a weapon. The thing which was embedded between the gaps of the gauntlet were the Metal Heart skewers.

[Can I get angry now?]

“It’s only an experiment to confirm the strength and practicality of an item made with Metal Hearts.”

[Not an experiment to research how you can pose yourself in a cool position with metal skewers?]

“You know me too well…… Lita took several tens of years before she saw through me.”

However, even though he was found out, he had no plans in stopping it! If it was such a weak resolve, he wouldn’t have done it in the first place.

With a useless resolution, Yu IlHan threw the four Metal Heart skewers in his gauntlet.

The power of max level shooting added with the surprise attack option attached on his armor, 4 Metal Heart skewers pierced through the air with unbelievable strength for being simple skewers, before embedding themselves on the sneakily moving scorpion’s head.

[You have earned 697,290 experience.]

“Ah, I need a specific value, but it was an instakill.”

[I won’t comment on that.]

As it was still a distance away from Na YuNa and company, the two didn’t notice the sand scorpion. Of course, they also didn’t know that Yu IlHan had recovered the Metal Heart skewers, and put the scorpion’s body into the Cross Bag.

“But why does the angel on them not notice us? Moreover, they even got ambushed last time, why did she leave that alone?”

[Angels cannot bring out their full power on earth. Moreover, didn’t I tell you last time? That there are not many things a guardian angel can do. Interfering the lives of humans too much goes against the rules of Heaven, so even if we know of an ambush, we cannot prevent it happening. Although, notifying isn’t a problem.]

“So, in other words, you are useless.”

[Kuhk.]

They kept following Na YuNa’s back. While keeping a vague distance, and hunting the scorpions following them.

[You have earned 653,755 experience.]

“As expected, they don’t notice me well if I attack fast with a long ranged attack.”

[If you shoot machine guns in the same position, they would notice you. Skewer attacks are unexpected effective.]

Erta didn’t want to acknowledge that, but a concealed attack while in concealment sometimes maintained the concealment.

More specifically, there was a high chance of concealment being maintained if the enemy doesn’t now what it was attacked by until the moment they were attacked. Of course, it was a probability problem, so he couldn’t believe in it fully.

[I will get angry if you start throwing skewers at 3rd class monsters.]

“I won’t. I really won’t.”

And some time passed before the man and the woman noticed that something strange was happening.

“Why did the scorpions’ ambush decrease?”

“I don’t know. Maybe the terrain changed? We still see trolls sometimes.”

“It’ll be bad if even the massive scorpion disappears.”

“It’s not a massive scorpion, but the Giant Death Stalker.”

Yu IlHan’s expectations surged when he heard the frightening name, which sounded like it was definitely a 3rd class monster. However, the following conversation shattered his expectations.

“Can we kill it by ourselves?”

“It’s a 2nd class monster in the end. Moreover, if we can’t do it, then we will just retreat. You have the scroll right?”

“It’ll be better for you to have it, oppa.”

“You want to get caught by another scorpion-like last time?”

“That should have been the prelude to the meeting with the Dark Knight!”

“Shut up.”

Giant Death Stalker was a 2nd class monster? Even though it has such a cool and long name, it’s a mere 2nd class!?

He felt like grabbing Kang HaJin and shouting at him to confirm if it really was a 2nd class monster, but he barely held it in. They had no sin, only, Yu IlHan had misunderstood all by himself.

Dejected, Yu IlHan muttered with a tired voice. His gaze was heading over the horizon.

“Then I’ll leave them that.”

[That’s? Oh, it appeared, eh?]

It was definite that the thing called Giant Death Stalker had a skill related to concealment. It was clear just with the fact that Yu IlHan had noticed it first, and Erta, a step late.

[Why don’t you become the God of Concealment later?]

“If you make me into one, I’ll make you exclusive to me and make you suffer all your life.”

[I, if you can do it, then why don’t you try……?]

Erta’s cheeks reddened. Since she was resenting herself for thinking that maybe not so bad, she had missed the spectacle of the Giant Death Stalker charging through the highlands with a high speed. Around that time, Kang HaJin and Na YuNa also noticed its presence.

“Kuhk, the reason trivial mobs didn’t appear is because there was a boss nearby!”

“Wow, so big.”

“It’s not the time to exclaim. Buff! Quick!”

“Yes! Make oppa stronger, yaaapp!”

The incantation was as out of place as always! However, the effect of the chant was definite. The man holding a shield with an incomparable might from before was going towards the Giant DeathStalker!

“Iyaaap!”

Kang HaJin, charging towards the scorpion with a buff, was a grand spectacle, like Don Quixote to a windmill, and a warrior to a dragon.

Moreover, there was a feeble priestess behind him with both of her hand put together, believing in the man! Here was the main character of a fantasy.

Seeing up to that point, Yu IlHan became petty and turned his head away.

“Let’s go. I don’t even want to share anything with them if I lose to them.”

[We should. Listening to them, they seemed to have the means to escape even if they encounter danger. It doesn’t matter if you lose to them or not.]

It was the moment Yu IlHan turned his gaze away from the fight between the scorpion and the warrior-priestess duo.

He suddenly saw a truly huge shadow casting over them.

“Erta.”

Yu IlHan asked.

“Do you think that troll is also a 2nd class?”

[Do you want my answer?]

“No.”

Yu IlHan smiled while looking at the troll with a massive body enough to squish Na YuNa, Kang HaJin, and the Giant Death Stalker included at once.

“I’ll kill it so you don’t need to.”

And without a shred of hesitation, he took out the pile bunker from his Cross Bag,

[Mad Heaven’s deathblow pile bunker]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack power –

5th stage : 6,200]

[Options – 50% increase in attack, 100% increase in penetrability, destroyed after use]

[Durability 1/1]

[A destructive weapon with all its might focused into a single attack. It has an unstable structure which would break down after one shot, but the attack of the self-destructing weapon will destroy its target as well.]

The mana crafting that he did was simple. He ignored the durability of the pile bunker and made it able to endure a 5th stage loading until a single shot was shot out. It was a truly daring action if he thought about the magic stones and the ingredients used in this weapon, but Yu IlHan didn’t want to meet the worst results just because he saved up on some materials.

As even the ammo went through an enhancement with the use of a 2nd class magic stone, this pile bunker was no different from the most expensive consumer item on Earth.

“Wow, my hands tremble just holding it.”

[Who told you to do such idiotic modifications?]

“But I don’t think I can kill that troll without this much. Isn’t that so?”

[That’s exactly why I’m so frustrated. It’s as if the things you created have all been created after you read the future coming at you!]

Yu IlHan only laughed at Erta’s not grumble like grumble.

However, the situation wasn’t that leisurely. Kang HaJin was already confronting the Giant Death Stalker, and the clumsy Na YuNa didn’t even notice that a giant troll was approaching them. In contrast, the giant troll had already swung up the metal club to smash them.

[Yu IlHan, I wish you success.]

“What are you talking about?”

On top of this, there was a final sauce that he had saved up until now. It was none other than the superhuman strength skill! Yu IlHan activated the skill right away. Without the use of mana, all the muscles in his body squirmed before starting to emit heat.

The meat that Yu IlHan had eaten to the point of being overboard, became the power source for the muscles and burned. Although there was not a lot of change on the surface, he knew. This skill was a jackpot!

[Superhuman Strength skill is activated. For 3 minutes, physical abilities increase by 30%, but after the duration, your muscular strength would decrease by 50% for 10 minutes.]

He lightly kicked off the ground. He was already used to testing his jumping ability.

Yu IlHan, who jumped with all his might, shot up courageously, like a space shuttle full of humanity’s will. In his two hands was the pile bunker, loaded to the 5th stage.

{Troll, hunts.}

Speaking something unbefitting of its size, the troll smashed down with the club,

“Huh? Ah, troll! Oppa, back! Come back!”

“What do you mean back! Whoa!”

{Kuhiuaaak!}

While Na YuNa, Kang HaJin, and the Giant Death Stalker were screaming after they grasped the situation.

“This is a 100% success rate ambush!”

Yu IlHan, who jumped all the way to the top of the troll’s head, daringly smashed the pile bunker onto its head!



Chapter 43

The pile bunker ammo which flew like a flash and struck like lightning, instantly crushed the giant troll’s skin and bones before making its brain rupture, and not stopping at that, it even crashed all the way down its spine while destroying everything in its path.

After it smashed everything from the troll’s head to its crotch, it embedded itself into the ground without losing any momentum, and due to that effect, a regional earthquake occurred and everyone on the ground lost their balance.

“Kuhk!”

“Kyaaak!”

{Kiiuaaa!}

As mentioned, the pile bunker Yu IlHan was holding self destructed. This was the moment where his strongest weapon, which helped him at decisive momements, was destroyed completely. Until he could find an object to replace the Giant’s Rubber String, he wouldn’t be able to make another pile bunker again.

Of course, the pile bunker really did bring out the effects of extreme modification. There was no troll which would still be alive even after it had its brain matter crushed, spine destroyed, body bisected, and its heart ruptured, as of yet on Earth.

[You have earned 7,854,557 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 109 Highland Troll Boss.]

[You have earned the title ‘Not two hits, nor three hits, but one hit’. If you kill an enemy in a single strike, the experience earned and the possibility of acquiring a magic stone increases by 20%]

[Kill a 3rd class monster in a surprise attack 1/1]

Yu IlHan recovered the remnants of the pile bunker in an instant while in midair before landing on the ground safely by using the troll’s corpse as a foothold.

Looking behind, he could see two humans and a scorpion who could not get themselves up properly due to the shockwave of the bone nail striking the ground.

If there was any common points between them, it was that they were looking at Yu IlHan with disbelieving eyes. Loner Yu IlHan, who wasn’t used to receiving attention from others, shyly spoke up.

“Oh, continue with whatever you were doing just now.”

“Like hell!”

The man shouted in frustration, but the priestess shouted as if afraid of missing this opportunity.

“If you help us kill that scorpion, we’ll give you everything other than the poisooon!”

“Hey, this idiot. Whoa!”

It seemed that the priestess, Na YuNa, was sure that the man couldn’t kill the scorpion by himself. This could be said to be a lack of trust in her companion, but could also be said to be that she had the ability to judge the situation cool headedly, unlike her clumsy outer appearance.

The man stopped bickering with the woman as the scorpion’s poison needle assaulted him after getting balanced faster than him. Meanwhile, Yu IlHan thought about her offer for a moment before nodding his head.

“Okay.”

“Yes! See, oppa!? I said he was kind riiight!?”

“Ah, fuck. I don’t know anything anymore, dammit all!”

Kang HaJin replied as if slightly relieved, slightly hurt, but slightly despairing tone before posturing himself.

“As YuNa said, if you help us, we’ll give you everything other than the poison!”

“Okay.”

Isn’t that couple’s relationship quite interesting? – With such useless thoughts, Yu IlHan took out his spear and postured himself. Then, at the same moment as the scorpion assaulted towards the man, he kicked off the ground.

Fortunately, the strength from the superhuman strength skill was maintained. He’d finish that scorpion off within that duration!

“Hup!”

At the same time as Yu IlHan flew at it, the scorpion swept its scorpion tail on the floor. Kang HaJin dodged it by jumping backwards, but Yu IlHan coudln’t care less, so he just charged forward.

“Hah!”

Then he swung his spear with all his strength to slash the tail mid way!

{Kukyaaakagagak!}

“Wao!”

“How’s he so…!”

You should think about how to strike hard now, since the scorpion is rampaging all over the place, if you have the time to exclaim!

Yu IlHan really did that. The spearhead, which didn’t lose any strength even after cutting off that thick tail, and struck the scorpion’s head after slashing through the air!

“Oppa, attack!”

“Yes! Fuu, Chasing Strike!”

A skill! So envious!

Yu IlHan momentarily thought that, but Kang HaJin’s skill, which struck the scorpion’s chest with a bright pink light, was weaker than Yu IlHan’s normal attack under superhuman strength mode. Feeling a crack appearing on the expectations he had of mana, Yu IlHan asked Erta in a small voice.

“Not all skills are like that, right?”

[Not all humans are you.]

Anyway, Kang HaJin did his role sufficiently. It was because his skill, Chasing Strike, was a special skill which would become stronger, affected by the attack which attacked the target previously.

When a chain of strong shock was applied, the Giant Death Stalker ended up falling into a stunned state, and Yu IlHan, who would never miss the enemy’s slight change in sttate, didn’t miss that opportunity and attached himself on top of its head.

“Huuup!”

His spear strike had already drilled a sufficient wound on its head. What was Yu IlHan’s specialty? Wasn’t it kicking where he kicked before?

As if being possessed by a woodpecker, he clung onto its head by clamping his legs around its head, before striking down the same place with his spear held in both of his hands.

“Wow, so cute!”

“Ah, fuck, I don’t know what’s what anymore!”

Na YuNa spoke a line that didn’t fit the situation, and Kang HaJin, who once again received a buff from her, gave up everything and charged like Yu IlHan before beating up the scorpion.

[Kku, Kkuweeek!] 

When the chain of strikes full of Yu IlHan’s superhuman strength, and, although Yu IlHan didn’t know, the buffed attack of a 2nd class warrior was added, the scorpion collapsed, not being able to endure having its most lethal means of attack destroyed.

Cruely, Yu IlHan didn’t stop thrusting his spear until he was sure that it was dead.

[You have earned 2,479,989 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 95 Giant Death Stalker.]

As they weren’t in a party, the experience was solely taken by Yu IlHan. Kang HaJin, who only realized that the scorpion was dead after Yu IlHan stopped his attacks, made a bitter expression after realizing that they weren’t in a party.

“Even so, we can’t help it. It’s a profit just killing the Giant Death Stalker safely.”

“You’re really really strong! It’s the first time I’ve seen someone stronger than oppaaa!”

“Kuhk!”

Kang HaJin seemed to have a crack on his pride as a man after hearing Na YuNa’s innocent comment. Of course, Yu IlHan couldn’t care less if his pride was wounded or not. He started dismantling the scorpion the moment it died, and as they said in the beginning, he was pulling out the poison gland.

“Here. I’ve taken out all the poison within this thing’s body.”

“Wow, so clean.”

“Thank you.”

Kang HaJin, who expressed his appreciation obediently while receiving the poison needle and the venom sac, was a calculative man when it came down to it. In contrast, Yu IlHan went into working with the rest the moment their transaction ended.

Although there was no magic stone in the Giant Death Stalker, its carapace was absurdly hard, and the meat looked very delicious at a glance.

Yu IlHan finished dismantling it while humming, and continued on to the Highland Troll Boss, while Na YuNa and Kang HaJin were looking at him working with absent-minded gazes after they received the Death Stalker’s poison, while Erta, was interrogating Feyta.

[You intended to receive help from Yu IlHan from the beginning, right?]

[N, no.]

[If you’re honest, I’ll forgive you.]

[In fact, I did intend that!]

[Angel Sleeper Hold!]

[You liar, *Screams*!]

“Wao, angel-nims seem to be close!”

“In my eyes, it looked like divine retribution.”

“Wow.”

At that time, Yu IlHan subconsciously exclaimed. It wasn’t because he became satisfied after looking at the angels becoming closer to each other, nor was it because he got goosebumps after listening to the couple’s conversation.

It was because a magic stone popped out from the giant troll’s head.

“There is one.”

[Angel Cross Choke, wait, what!?]

[3rd class magic stones are appearing already!? *Screams*!]

This was the moment when the opportunity for evolving the Resting skill, which he had lost previously, had come again, in a more perfect manner. That was because the 3rd class magic stone was from a troll, which had a Resting skill.

Although there was no differentiation on the types of monsters from which the magic stone had to be acquired from, it was needless to say that the magic stone from a troll, which had a closer affinity, was better than one from the shadow leopard.

However, he didn’t need to make them aware of Yu IlHan’s skill by evolving it right now. Yu IlHan cleaned the magic stone well and put it inside his Cross Bag before continuing with the dismantling of he troll. Forgetting about Na YuNa and Kang HaJin who were making absent-minded gazes at the flash of appearance of a 3rd class magic stone.

Around that time, the duration of the superhuman strength ran out and he suddenly felt extreme fatigue, but Yu IlHan didn’t stop. His techniques were good to the point that it would sufficiently make up for the deficiencies in his strength.

What was amazing, was that Na YuNa, who was looking at that process, activated her skill suddenly.

“Make that person stronger, yapp!”

“Hmm?”

Yu IlHan spoke out in surprise. When the light pink colored magic, which came from her stretched hand, cameinto contact with Yu IlHan, the fatigue which covered his entire body eased up a little.

He thought that it was a recovering ability befitting a priestess, but what was more amazing was that even though Yu IlHan didn’t show it much on the surface, she had noticed something wrong with his body.

“You have good eyes.”

“Ehem!”

Yu IlHan could only say that sourly. Na YuNa obediently accepted his praise and straightened her waists.

The already plump chests were emphasized, so Yu IlHan turned his gaze to the troll in embarrassmnet. Only Kang HaJin was making a strange expression as he understood Yu IlHan.

“That’s done.”

The Highland Troll Boss was a treausre without wastes.

He was thankful that it had died in a single strike without any words, but not only had it left behind a magic stone, it also left behind a tough hide, strong bones, muscles and tendons which seemed like they were processable into Giant’s Rubber Band, and lastly, blood which looked thicker than other trolls! Adding meat on top of this, there really was nothing to throw away.

Even though it may not have had the slightest intention to become like this, Yu IlHan would still express his thanks to him. He would even hold X to pay respects if there was a keyboard.

“We’re planning to go back, but if it’s alright with you, won’t you come back with us?”

While Yu IlHan was being joyful over his harvests, a line which was out of his expectations could be heard. It wasn’t Na YuNa, but Kang HaJin, who was wary of him at fist, who talked first.

“You should have noticed as you received Yuna’s and my id cards, we’re a Korean Clan, who’s proactive as a small-scale team of elites. Honestly speaking, your fighting skills are jealous-provokingly good. To the point that I want to receive you as a clan member despite my pride.”

“Woow. That’s so good! MiRae will like it tooo!”

Realizing that his words were an offer, Na YuNa became delighted while clapping like a seal. The angel, Feyta also brightened up.

[Yes. It’s good to work together! It’s an advantage of the race known as human race to fill what each other is lacking!] 

And Yu IlHan retorted with a kind smile.

“Don’t wanna.”

“*Groan*, although I did know you would answer that, you are quite firm.”

Yu IlHan only smiled when he heard that, and didn’t say anything else. Of course, like a loner, his insides were boiling up.

There was no one who could intrude on the territory of loners. Social butterflies would interact with other social butterflies, but loners would even reject other loners.

Filling what each other lacks? That really is an advantage in a group. However, Yu IlHan had never benefitted from that. It was because no one had looked at him until now.

Until now, Yu IlHan endured if things were lacking. Do you think I’ll go over to that side just because you want to be together with me since my skills are exceptional? There is a limit to looking down on loners.

There was no way that Kang HaJin would know of the path and experiences that he had been through until now. It might have bee na big decision for him to say to come with him, and might have wanted him as a companion for real. Perhaps, he really did want to associate with him.

However, Yu IlHan couldn’t accept his offer positively despite knowing that Kang HaJin didn’t

have any malicious intentions. His twisted personality couldn’t be helped. He will think like this in the future.

Unless, a huge situation where he has to change his reasoning occurs.

“Hiing, I want to hunt together though, it sounds like so much fun though.”

“He doesn’t like it. He’s so strong, so we’ll be able to meet him again in the future. Try tempting him again then.”

“Uu… Okaaay.”

Conversing such things blatantly in front of the person in question, Kang HaJin bowed his head with a smile.

“Now that I think about it, you saved us yet again just now. If you contact us we will give you twice, or even three times the compensation. Then we’ll take our leave now.”

“Good bye.”

“Let’s see each other again! Definitely!”

[Phew… that steel like human.]

[Let’s not see each other again, Feyta.]

Kang HaJin, who was clear with his finishing, and Na YuNa, who clung to him even though it had been a little since they even met. Finishing farewell with the two contrasting people, Yu IlHan watched them disappear over the horizon. Until the point that he was sure that the passvie concealment would activate again.

And when he became sure of that, he spoke in a delighted voice.

“Then should I evolve the Resting skill now!?”

[How can there be such a my-pace human…?]

It seemed that the conversation they had until now couldn’t affect Yu IlHan at all. One could only marvel at Yu IlHan’s train of thought, thinking, and doing what he wants.

However, perhas this was the source of power that made Yu IlHan endure for 1000 years? While thinking that, Erta smiled and decided to look at his work.



Chapter 44

[Hearts of sleeping 2nd class monsters 500/500]

[Troll’s blood 500/500 liters]

[Good sleep 100/100 hours]

[3rd class monster’s magic stone 1/1]

Yu IlHan’s eyes looking at the text that appeared on his retina were shining. There won’t be anything more beautiful than this. The Grand Canyon was nothing compared to this.

“So, what do I do now?”

[Like earning experience after killing a monster, and going through mana crafting by consuming a magic stone, you have to evolve the Resting skill to the next level by offering the materials you’ve gathered. Concentrate with your eyes closed. You just have to do the same thing as when you selected your job.]

At these kind of moments, he could only obediently follow Erta’s words. Yu IlHan slowly closed his eyes and concentrated.

The change occurred soon. The materials inside his Cross Bag flew out by themselves and arranged themselves in mid air, before the Highland Troll Boss’ magic stone at the center emitted light to envelop all of them.

The process of simple materails becoming a new and great record, which Yu IlHan could not see through, required much endurance.

Skill evolution originally was only possible when a skill was levelled up to the max, so Erta also looked at that scene with an excited heart. Moreover, it was no ordinary skill but an SSS-tier acquiring difficulty skill that was evolving!

[All materials fuse into a single record.]

[You absorb the record. Resting skill evolves.]

He felt as if hot lava was flowing into his heart. A violent and strange pain, which Yu IlHan had never experienced in his life, overwhelmed him. It was as if an update was applied to his existence itself.

[You have acquired Transcendent Regeneration skill. You will recover physical and mental damage quickly the moment you receive a strong shock. As of skill level 1 right now, you can regenerate a finger instantly even if it’s blown away. Once activated, you cannot activate it again until you have recovered sufficient amount of energy via rest. The original abilities of the Resting skill are maintained.]

“Hey, isn’t this.”

[Congratulations in acquring an EX-tier training difficulty skill.]

“I knew this would happen.”

Yu IlHan sighed.

Regenerating lost body parts was definitely a good ability, but the condition to reactivate weighed on his mind.

Moreover, he could only regenerate a single finger as of now, so if he wanted to survive even after his heart was pierced, or his brain was destroyed, he didn’t know how much he had to train.

Even so, what was definite was that this skill was definitely an exceptional skill, which he would painfully train and learn without regrets.

“It really is an exceptional skill, to the point that you would emphasize it so much.”

[How is it? It helps, right?]

“Yeah, yeah.”

Yu IlHan laughed when he saw Erta being so proud. Then, he stood up.

“Then shall I fulfill the job advancement requirements now?”

The most difficult obstacle in his advancement, killing a 3rd class monster in a surprise attack was already fulfilled. Now, he only had to kill 100 2nd class monsters with surprise attacks. As he had done so until now, it was nothing new.

[Rookie Reaper, the criteria for advancing is really psychotic. Who else, other than you, could fulfill this?]

“That should be exactly why it came to me. Okay, then, let’s go.”

[Let’s.]

The scorpions couldn’t even find Yu IlHan so they couldn’t ambush him. As they did not appear, Yu IlHan’s target could only be the trolls.

The problem was that, strangely, the action patterns of the trolls have changed quite a bit.

{Troool, looking for enemy.}

{Troll moves. Troll slow}

{Troll, Troll.}

“What’s up with them? They are like middle schoolers at the end of holidays.”

The trolls, whose trademark was literally resting and sleeping, were walking around the highland. Perhaps it was because he troll boss died by Yu IlHan’s hands, and they are moving for revenge?

{Troll wants to rest.}

{Troll tired.}

“No, I don’t think those pathetic things would do that.”

[Send them away quickly,]

There is an unsolved secret in this dungeon. While instinctively thinking that, Yu IlHan ambushed the troll. Now, he didn’t have to wait for the troll to sleep to attack, since killing the troll in a surprise attack would fulfill the requirements.

Trolls had no habit of moving around in a group, so Yu IlHan calmly cleaned them out one by one and progressed with his advancement requirements.

“Ah, really.”

Only people who experienced having their meat cut off while eating knows this feeling. If the supply of meat wasn’t refilled, that moment comes suddenly, and emptily.

Even so, beef, which the grilling time was short, was alright, but how could people only eat beef?

Yu IlHan’s situation right now was exactly like that. He could hunt 1 troll every 10 minutes before, but now, he had to wonder around for 1 hour if he was unlucky.

“Erta-emon. Do something.”

[That ‘something’ isn’t possible.]

When he only killed 78 trolls over 2 days, Yu IlHan started becoming annoyed. What annoyed him more was that, even the trolls he saw rarely, were showing strange actions.

{Troll doesn’t want to die.}

{Should troll run? It’s bothersome. But wants to live. Dillema keeps paining troll.}

{Will all trolls die?}

{Troll wants to go back.}

The unfamiliarity that Yu IlHan felt after killing the troll boss. The thought that there maybe another boss-tier monster that lords above the troll boss and the Giant Death Stalker.

The wondering actions of the trolls he saw from time to time and their mutterings gathered to turn his suspicion into assurance.

“Is something like this possible?”

[Akashic Record definitely said it was the Highland Troll Boss. That means that there should be no other troll monsters above them.]

“You’re saying that it’s not a troll but another monster, right?”

3rd day. killing the 97th troll with a surprise attack, Yu IlHan lit up a campfire and was eating the Highland Troll Boss’ front leg meat while discussing with Erta.

[The probability is quite high. The possibility that, like the group of scorpions and the group of trolls have been dragged into this dungeon together, a higher ranking monster has been dragged into this dungeon.]

“Perhaps it ruled over trolls and scorpions at the same time?”

[You’re thinking that because you saw that the trolls were moving as if they had an objective, right?]

“That’s one reason, but I thought that when the Highland Troll Boss appeared so naturally while the Giant Death Stalker was attacking that couple. At that time, I thought ‘no way’ and didn’t think more about it, but since it has come to this, I’m becoming more and more suspicious.”

[That’s quite possible.]

The angel above his head seem to reply that way, before heaving a sigh and speaking to him.

[Yu IlHan, I’m sorry to say this just before you have almost fulfilled the requirements for job advancement, but I think it’s better to leave this dungeon now.]

“Yeah, I also think so.”

He had the confidence to crash a normal danger head on. However, not more than that. The unknown becomes an element that stimulates his adventurous mind, but the situation becoming more and more mysterious was a completely different story.

Simply put, the risk has become too big.

“I should return. 2nd class monsters should be all over Earth right now.”

[Although, the fact that 2nd class monsters are all over Earth right now pains me.]

Exchanging bitter jokes, the two started to go back. He could advance if he killed only 3 more trolls with a surprise attack, but as he had decided to retreat, Yu IlHan’s actions were truly daring and firm.

However, a problem soon occurred. Although there are words that climbing up and climbing down a mountain is different, how could going back the way they came be different? Looking back to the path that he had walked, it had already become an unfamiliar scene to Yu IlHan.

“Don’t you think the road changed a little?”

[What a coincidence. I also think the same.]

“Use your angel powers.”

[I already told you, but I cannot use my powers as a higher existence properly.]

Even though she said that, Erta used a little bit of her powers to search for the dungeon’s entrance. A little, so it wouldn’t go against Heaven’s law. As a result, there was one fact that she could find out.

[The entrance disappeared.]

“Can you say that again, miss higher existence?”

[The entrance disappeared.]

Erta was in extreme panic. Even she didn’t know how such a thing came about. It was because in her life as an angel, there was never such a case.

[What is this? How did this come about?]

“Calm down.”

[I can’t calm down. This is something I’ve never seen before. Can I not panic?]

“I said calm down.”

When Erta panicked while grabbing Yu IlHan’s hair, he grabbed her and placed her on top of his palm. Time passed with her meeting eyes with Yu IlHan. Erta finally seemed to realize that she wasn’t alone in this place.

How was her mentality so weak even though she was a higher existence? Yu IlHan realized more that higher existences weren’t as almighty as they seem.

[I calmed down now. Now I should do what I can do.]

Erta was sure that the situation was abnormal, and decided to contact Heaven, However, while she brought her angel’s ring out as always to contact other angels, she realized a more shocking fact.

[The communication doesn’t work.]

“Maybe this region is outside your area.”

[There cannot be a place outside the area of the communication of the angel’s rings. If there is one, there is only one possibility.]

Fuu, Yu IlHan heaved a deep breath.

What should have come, had finally come

After resolving himself, he urged Erta.

“Say it.”

Following Yu IlHan, Erta also shortly took a deep breath. Then, she hesitated as if she didn’t like to say that word, before spitting that word carefully, as if exposing her embarrasing parts.

[Abandoned World.]

“That’s quite the unpleasant word.”

Only one element made Yu IlHan unpleasant.

Just who, abandoned that world?

[I told you that we are managing a huge number of worlds. God wants all worlds to be maintained, and as such, God gives out the races who manage that world, such as humans, quests, in other words, power.]

“Like he did with humans on Earth.”

[Yes, like that. However, you should know from the things that happened on Earth, but not all things go naturally.]

“Yes.”

Yu IlHan could not earn the opportunity to go to another world, monsters became unimaginably stronger, and even an Overflow occurred once already. There would be other problems occurring on Earth in the future.

[Whether it’s humans or elves, if they, the main axis of the world, become too strong, then it’s still alright. Monsters, due to their characteristics, can only keep appearing, and animals other than monsters keep breeding. Even if the balance of a world is destroyed, it doesn’t matter that much.]

“If it’s the monsters who become too strong?”

[We help humans and other intelligent races to the last, with all our effort, but that doesn’t mean that we can annihilate the monsters ourselves. And as such, there are cases where they lose against monsters, and sometimes, if it’s serious, they would die out.]

Yu IlHan felt that he knew without listening to the rest.

“……If that happens, you abandon the world.”

[A world with no development cannot evolve any more, and the monsters, who lost their enemies, free themselves of their shackles and eat each other. Such a world loses its future. And at that time, Heaven finally abandons a world.]

It was natural. Yu IlHan knew plenty that angels cannot proactively interfere with the phenomena occurring on Earth. He also knew that God was doing the best to help the humans on Earth.

However, even so, Yu IlHan became dejected when he heard that.

[As all communication with Heaven was severed, even if an angel drifts into that world, it becomes impossible to contact other angels.]

“However, this is not an Abandoned World, but a dungeon on Earth.”

[Yes. It should be.]

This was the moment when Erta gave out her reply in a worried voice.

Swoosh.

Without any signs, an object dropped towards her head. Immediately after seeing that, Yu IlHan covered her and rolled on the ground.

Right after that, a gigantic scythe embedded itself on the ground with a frightening ‘psh’ sound. This was an attack with a frightening strength.

{‘New record’, found.}

And its voice could be heard.

Yu IlHan immediately raised his head to see its figure. Standing with its scythe still stuck on the ground, it was a monster which had a thin body with a black hood as if materializing the figure of a deathgod that Yu IlHan was about to become.

If there was one thing that Yu IlHan was relieved about, it was that the despair that he would never win against it, didn’t come. It was probably because its concealment was a skill that Yu IlHan had already mastered. In other words, it was the same case with the leopard.

It was not a 4th class monster. It was definitely much stronger than the Highland Troll Boss, but it was definitely still a 3rd class monster.

However, he couldn’t be optimistic about the situation. It couldn’t find Yu IlHan, but found Erta instead of him and attacked, and as Yu IlHan covered her, his concealment deactivated.

After realizing that, Yu IlHan muttered with a sigh.

“See? You’re an embarrassing angel as always.”

[Yu IlHan. If we survive this, I will give you the reward for saving a higher existence.]

Erta replied.

[So please don’t die. I request of you.]

{Record, give me!}

This was the start of the true boss fight.



Chapter 45

Its size was smaller than the trolls that Yu IlHan had hunted. Its height was around 2.5m? Moreover, its strangely thin body looked weak to the point that it might get blown away with a breath.

However, its real strength was nothing like that.

Its body hidden under the black hood had an enormous power capable of easily making even the Highland Troll Boss kneel, and the pitch black scythe that it was swinging around flew at Yu IlHan as if to cut apart his neck.

If the first strike was aimed at Yu IlHan, even he would be hard pressed to see through it. Of course, as it couldn’t see him, it had attacked Erta.

[It’s a mutation that hasn’t been recorded yet, and one that appeared after evolving by monsters eating each other! It’s fortunate that it’s not fully grown, but its behavior patterns are still unpredictable so be careful!]

“Got it.”

Yu IlHan answered extremely shortly and moved his body. Jokes disappeared from him, meaning that the situation was not that leisurely.

The strongest weapon he had, the pile bunker, had already been destroyed, and the strongest weapon after that was only the Deathgod’s Black Spear.

His armor had a special ability, but now that the possibility of a surprise attack had all but disappeared, it had no other advantages than its sturdy defensive power. Although not a short time had passed since Earth went through the Great Cataclysm, this was the greatest crisis that he had met so far.

{Record!}

That damn record! Someone might even think that it was the only word it knew. With its shout, Yu IlHan didn’t think to block the oncoming scythe and avoided.

As he had already seen the results of its terrifying attack, he knew very well. Yu IlHan could not win against it in strength. That didn’t change even if he activated Superhuman Strength.

However, if someone asked if Yu IlHan could not defeat it, he would laugh at that person. What Yu IlHan had trained for a millenim was his martial arts techniques, not his skills, levels, or strength.

This moment would become the moment where his true ability would be revealed instead.

{You’re quick. Give me that too!}

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan didn’t hurry in attacking it. If it was a situation where he overwhelmed the other, then the best attack would be to suppress it in strength, but confronting a strong, sturdy, and moreover, unpredictable opponent, he had to see through his opponent first.

{Youuu!}

“Come at me. That’s it, come on.”

Yu Ilhan taunted it and moved his body again. Its body, and the area of its movement, the radius of its attacks, the power behind it, the probability of change – he looked through all of them.

Its scythe was swung around several times as if to reflect its madness, but it couldn’t catch Yu Ilhan. Yu IlHan did his best to see thorugh it with his eyes wide open.

At that moment, Erta shouted in shock.

[Yu IlHan, it’s magic!]

“Tch.”

How good would it be if it kept continuing as a physical fight? However, reality wasn’t that easy. Its fighting power included magic, which was still unknown to Yu IlHan!

[From below!]

“Hup!”

While shouting, Yu IlHan kicked off the ground. However, those movements weren’t exaggerated, and of the kind where he could take it back at any time.

As he had expectd, immediately after he moved away from that place, a spike emitting a black aura shot up from the ground and branched through the air. At the same time, the main body of the monster also assaulted Yu IlHan.

“It’s good that its attack pattern is obvious.”

It is fortunate that its weapon mastery was very low compared to my estimations – thinking wholeheartedly, Yu IlHan stepped on the ground lightly in order to avoid the deathgod’s scythe.

Thanks to that, a black spike touched his armor, but fortunately, the high defensive power of the armor completely blocked the attack.

{Recooord!}

The monster crazily roared while swinging the scythe all over the place. All of those attacks became blades of wind and assaulted Yu IlHan!

Every time the weapon was swung, Yu IlHan movd his body according to the trajectory that he had seen and ran forward. If he didn’t, he would have to allow an attack from the spikes behind him!

“Eat this first!”

Immediately after its scythe was swung diagonally to the right, Yu IlHan struck out his spear while running into it. To observe anymore, its attack was too sharp. so there was a need for him to limit its movements by attacking it.

There was a near 100 levels of difference between Yu IlHan and the deathgod. His spear strike, which originally should not have damaged it in the slightest, called for a miracle with his amazing techniques and the perfect weapon.

It reached and wounded the monster’s physical body which was hidden behind the black hood pefectly by ripping through it!

[Critical Hit!]

{Kuaak!}

“It’s a crit, but it’s only this much?”

Clicking his tongue, he moved his body. However, he did reach a small achievement, since the blades of wind stopped after it was attacked and stunned for a little.

Yu IlHan instantly moved backwards and reorganized himself. He swung the spear to shake off the black traces that clung to the end of his spear, and prepared to attack while sorting out his breath.

{Weak, you’re weak. You’re weak but strong. Give me your record!}

“I knew you’d say that.”

Spikes shot up from the ground, and its scythe didn’t end with just a swing but gave rise to blade like winds. Yu IlHan felt like he was playing a nightmare shooting game, which he had once played, but for real.

At those times, a tiny mistake led to his plane exploding, and now, if he misstepped, his body would be ripped apart.

“Take this attack!”

{Kuaaak!}

Concentrating to the extreme, like when he made the steel spear, Yu IlHan moved his body. He safely passed through the baptism of attacks, and attacked the deathgod once again, and after confirming that he inflicted some damage, he would retreat backwards.

He would ignore a few of the spikes that attacked his amor, avoided the blades of wind and the scythe itself somehow, and attacked.

A critical hit would allow him another chance to attack it due to its weakness being exposed, but if it didn’t he would retreat without regrets. All of his movements were repeated as if set up with the deathgod beforehand.

Little by little, but surely, he could see damage accumulating on the deathgod. Its hood became increasingly tattered, and its wounded physical body was spilling out black auras.

Unbelievably, Yu IlHan was seeing through all its attack patterns and trajectory.

[Amazing.]

Erta subconsciously muttered before covering her own mouth. It was because she was afraid that she might disturb Yu IlHan’s concentration.

Accumulating skills and using them well in real life were completely different. Aren’t university entrance exams the same? Some may bring out achievements more than usual, while some would earn a pathetic result due to nervousness.

Yu IlHan was neither. He solved exactly what he learned, and got what he exactly knew. The frustration of his own ability being underevaluated was unimaginable for him. To whom could he speak his frustration if he was improperly judged? He was a loner too!

As such, he would make it so that he wouldn’t have to speak about it at all. To not be stubborn saying that he couldn’t bring out all his ability due to nervousness, to be acknowledged with his real ability.

The current situation wasn’t at all different. He would die if he could not bring out all the techniques that he had accumulated, so Yu IlHan was moving around with his best.

No one would listen to his excuses, so as to not give excuses to anyone.

{Kuaaa, painful. Body is burning. How are you weak but strong? Give me your record. Make me understand. I want to know. I want records. Records, RECORDSRECORDSRECORDSRECORDS!}

“Heh!”

When the number of wounds increased on its body, its accuracy of swings of its scythe became lower, but instead, the speed and its destructive power increased. The blades of wind didn’t disappear, and attacked him twice by coming back on the same path once reaching a certain distance, and the spikes from the ground became thicker and its number increased.

No matter how perfectly Yu IlHan had seen though the monster, he couldn’t block all its attacks. Slashes increased on his armor, and even his helmet and the mask inside had scratches. If his protective equipments all broke off, then he would really not be able to endure for long.

It really was a teeth-clateringly powerful strength. Yu IlHan could feel the power of mana fully, which he couldn’t with Kang HaJin.

“Fuck, I will definitely wield mana!”

{RECORD!}

He couldn’t be defeated like this. He had to give out a single attack that could change the situation even if he had to undertake danger!

Yu IlHan kicked off the ground, ignored the spikes, avoided the blades of wind, parried the scythe attacks, and pierced his spear right on top of its face.

[Critical Hit!]

{Kyaaak!}

At that moment, a huge spike shot out from inside its hood. This was never included in its pattern until now, so this attack wasn’t something he had predicted.

Moreover, its target was Erta on top of Yu IlHan’s head!

Frightened, Yu IlHan moved his body. In that process, his arm was caught by the spike, and the armor at that part ripped apart like paper.

“It hurts so much!”

[Are you alright!?]

“I am!”

I am used to pain. It’s alright since I’m used to it! – Yu IlHan muttered as if to hypnotize himself and retreated.

From his wound, bright red blood dripped out and colored the highland red. What was more serious was that his wounded part was becoming increasingly black.

[Not even extreme poison resistance can block…… No, curse. Its attack has a frightening power of a curse dwelling in it!]

“You will do something about it anyway if I survive, right?”

[Of course. Rather than that, Yu IlHan, I think me not being here should help you more.]

“……Will you be alright?”

For some reason, the monster was reacting more to Erta rather than Yu IlHan. Erta definitely realized that its target of attack was Erta herself.

And if Yu IlHan got wounded while protecting her again, then Erta wouldn’t be able to endure that.

However, Yu IlHan was instead worried for her departing from him. Since, for some reason, she could not even bring out her already restricted angel power.

The special characteristics of this dungeon were attacking her. She didn’t know what it was, and how to avoid it. That unreasonable violence was assaulting her.

[I’m a higher existence. You need not worry.]

Seeing though Yu IlHan’s worry, Erta spoke courageously before departing. At that moment, the deathgod’s scythe aimed at her, but both Erta and Yu IlHan had predicted that.

At the same time she dodged that, Yu IlHan’s spear strike struck its shoulder. It was a frightening attack that pulled aggro away from her.

[Critical Hit!]

{Kyaaak!}

“You should know if it dies right? Go take a stroll.”

[Yu IlHan, don’t die.]

Leaving those words, Erta flew away like an arrow. Yu IlHan also realized after seeing that she was flying to a certain destination without hesitation. It wasn’t that she had only gone away just to relieve Yu IlHan’s burden on the battefield.

After sending her off, Yu IlHan faced the deathgod. As the fact that the feeling on his cursed arm disappearing made him nervous, Yu IlHan strangely did not feel any fear.

How? He asked himself and realized. It was a truly simple reason.

“Yes, there is a foreshadow that hasn’t occurred yet!”

He was joking around – meaning it was still doable.

Yu IlHan blew away all the pain and worry with a smile, and confronted the deathgod which became more insane after Erta left.

Then he threw his body towards the storm of mana, in which, death was dwelling.



Chapter 46

Erta felt her powers dwelling in her dimming as she flew further and further. The power that only a select few of higher existences have, the power that is only granted to Executor angels of Heaven’s power.

As her power was already restricted by coming to Earth, unbelieveably, Erta was currently weaker than Yu IlHan. If it wasn’t like that, she should have been able to protect herself from danger.

[I heard that this doesn’t happen in a place other than Abandoned Worlds…]

But why did such things occur on a dungeon on Earth? She thought up of countless theories, but unless she does not find a material evidence, they will stay as theories.

What was more importantt was to break through this crisis! Biting her lips, Erta put more strength into flapping her wings.

She wasn’t only flying away from Yu IlHan to not disturb him. She was looking for reinforcements. They, who also ended up getting trapped in this dungeon, and untrustworthy ones!

Until a few moments ago, she couldn’t move around carelessly as she wasn’t sure about it. However, while fighting with the reaper, she could feel a faint signal on her angel’s ring which had lost its communication function. It was none other than Feyta.

And right now, Feyta was with the man-woman duo. 2 skilled people who have finished their 2nd job advancements.

[Seeing that they, who even have an escape scroll, cannot leave the dungeon, this place really is in a situation of a pseudo-Abandoned World.]

And to escape from this situation, there was no other option than to defeat that strange monster, which was the core of this dungeon.

If that happens, whether the entrance of the dungeon opens, or the Trap of Destruction shows itself, or the dungeon itself self-destructs, or something will change. If they also do not want to die in this dungeon, then they will have to cooperate with Yu IlHan.

That monster with the outer appearance of a deathgod was a mutated 3rd class monster. It was already a miracle that Yu IlHan was fighting it alone, and originally, there was no way two more 2nd class people would turn around the situation.

However, Erta trusted in the eyes of Feyta. She believed in the girl with an extraordinary holy power, Na YuNa.

[Moreover.]

She was also thinking of something else. If that occurrs successfully then Yu ILHan would definitely be able to defeat the reaper!

[So please endure a little more, Yu IlHan.]

Who would have predicted that she would worry about a mere lower existence so much!?

No one, including herself, did not know the identity of those emotions. however, Erta instinctively realized that that emotion would affect her very much in the future, and didn’t hate that fact that much.

A difference in league wasn’t that much of a problem for her anymore.

So, please, I beg you.

As one other angel did before, she prayed in the name of God that she followed and flew across the dungeon.

How much time had passed since she left? Yu IlHan was still fighting against the reaper with much difficulty.

“*Pant* *pant*”

‘Limit’ was something he had experienced a lot of times. However, right now, it was the worst among those limits. His stamina had depleted, wounds were everywhere on his body, and the curse which penetrated through the wound on his arm was spreading around while numbing the senses of his entire body.

If it wasn’t for the training that he did over hundreds of years, then he would have collapsed already. Since he already could not feel how his own arms and legs were moving anymore.

He was just moving while believing in the record that was etched on his body over several hundred years. And that, was a truly painful torment.

{You don’t fall. You won’t fall.}

The reaper also was looking at him with disbelief. As it thought to chase after Erta after quickly killing Yu IlHan, it kept pouring out skills, and thanks to that, its mana was depleted, so it could make neither the baptism of spikes nor the storm of wind blades.

{Why do you not fall?}

“Don’t ask me, fucker.”

Swearing at it, Yu IlHan swung his spear again. As he had done so thousands of timse until now, the spear ripped apart the skin beneath its already ripped hood, and pulled out its blood. The black blood sprayed onto his armor and burned. The armor really did save his life several times.

“Fuuk, fuuu.”

Trying his best to sort out his breathing, Yu IlHan postured himself straight. He calculated the position of the opponent and held his spear, before charging at it while dodging its sharp attack. His movements seemed no longer like a human, but a ferocious beast.

In truth, the curse was already affecting his sight. Even now, it was slowly, very slowly blurring his vision.

The figure of his enemy, the figure of himself holding the spear couldn’t even be seen now. The teeth-clatteringly powerful curse was eating away Yu IlHan’s everything.

Even so, Yu IlHan swung his spear again. The spear with all of Yu IlHan’s strength just barely avoided the deathgod’s scythe and ripped its wrist. It screamed.

{Kuaaak! How, how can I not kill you!?}

Its rage finally breached the limit. It even brought out all the magic that it had saved for hunting the angel. That changed into form of a long, sharp scythe and rose in the surroundings.

So it really was saving its power. Yu IlHan, who couldn’t wield mana yet, but could sense it, felt dark magic power boiling in his surroundings. He desperately avoided them and laughed a little with a ‘heh’.

“That mere magic power.”

It acted as if it could do anything with magic power, but it couldn’t kill Yu IlHan for tens of minutes. Instead, if just counting the number of hits they struck, then Yu IlHan would have overwhelmed it already.

What good was a good weapon? In the end, everything was decided by the skills of its user. Even right now, Yu IlHan read the movement of those scythe just by instinct and dodged all of them. This was the moment where a large amount of mana it just used evaporated into the air.

Then he instead saw through its dulled movments due to wielding the scythe to approach it and struck with his spear with his full strength!

“Hup!”

[Critical Hit.]

{Kuwaaak!}

Yu IlHan’s spear pierced its chest. He attacked the same location continuously and finally succeeded in destroying its bones.

The deathgod stiffened while teetering, and Yu IlHan swung his spear twice again and succeded in attacking its body.

However, unfortunately, the next moment, Yu IlHan collapsed right there.

“Ka.”

He couldn’t even swear. It was because he didn’t know how to move his jaw muscles. He felt that he might bite his tongue if he wasn’t careful so he didn’t move it anymore, his mouth was still half open.

The curse was truly ferocious. He misstepped once and now he couldn’t even think how to move next. He felt as if all the nerves inside his body was tangled up.

Yes, a patient tied to a hospital bed might feel similar to this.

{Kuhahahahahat!}

The next moment the deathgod’s scythe mercilessly flew and struck his back. The defensive power of the armor was truly exceptional and blocked that strike, but it couldn’t hold out against the chain of attacks and ended up getting destroyed.

{Die!}

The deathgod’s attack hit his back. The pain of bone shattering, and a new, and more ferocious curse spread around his body, giving him pain and blowing away his consciousness.

The fact that he moved his body to avoid the next attack was probably due to that. His subconscious made that movement, outside of his capability, to succeed.

{You’re quite stubborn!}

“Heeeh.”

A strange voice that was neither a groan, nor a shout, nor a scream, flowed out. Yu IlHan somehow thought it was funny. He himself thought that he wasn’t of the right mind right now.

‘I really might die at this rate. Really.’

It wasn’t that there wasn’t a case he thought ‘it’s a crisis’, but at those times, he had the confidence to break out by himself.

However, it wasn’t like that now. The new curse that permeated through the wound on his back was more malicious.

His vision was dark, there was no strength in his body, and ignoring his will, powerlessness pervaded his body. He was somehow standing by somehow putting strength into his lges, but he felt that he wouldn’t be able to do anything more.

You think I’ll die? Yu IlHan strongly thought to himself.

You think I’ll die?

2 months after Great Cataclysm. This was the period of time that he had lived on Earth.

He hadn’t endured for 1000 years alone just to live for 2 more months. He still had a lot of things that he hadn’t done. There were still a lot of things that he had not experienced. The things he want to make, the things he wanted to learn, the things he wanted to see – there were too many.

I want to see Lita.

I can’t die like this.

{I will take your life. Your record, I will take your everything.}

Assured of victory, the reaper said arrogantly. Despite being overwhelmed by Yu IlHan through out the whole fight, now that it had noticed Yu IlHan’s limit, it had changed instantly.

It was a funny guy. He wanted to laugh at it for a long time, but it was disappointing that he couldn’t see it.

“Who will die?”

At that moment, he curiously could speak. Thinking that the will of humans are very curious, even though it was he himself who did it, he continued speaking.

“You think I’ll die for you?”

Yu IlHan moved his body to avoid the scythe that was swung to take his life. This was the moment he, who hadn’t even acquired his 2nd class, broke through the power of a curse through sheer will alone.

However, with that, his movements stopped.

A momentary result. His movements only got him 3 more seconds before the deathgod reaped his life.

And there were people who arrived within those 3 seconds.

“Eiii! Rescue that person pleeease!”

A funny incantation assaulted Yu IlHan.

However, that funny chant blew away the two curses inside Yu IlHan’s body; recovered his depleted strength, albeit a little; and made him mentally stable enough to avoid the deathgod’s attack.

{Iiiik!}}

[Yu IlHan!]

[Whoa. Why is such an absurd monster in this dungeon!?]

“Ah, fuck it aaalll!”

{Kwaaa!}

Human holy knight Kang HaJin, who was in charge of the team’s health; and who had not many things that he did not know about until now, but acquired so many of them after meeting Yu IlHan, smashed against the deathgod.

Originally, not even a sinlge unit of damage would be inflicted with his chargem but with his job of a holy knight, and the absurdly strong blessing of Na YuNa, on top of the damage already inflicted on the deathgod collaborated to blow the monster away!

{Kik, Kuaaa!}

[It’s good that you’re alive. Yu IlHan.]

[He’s not human. He made that monster into that state alone. He’s not human!]

Angel Erta rejoiced, and angel Feyta became shocked.

Yu IlHan looked at them while smiling before he found something over the horizon. He instantly knew what Erta’s plan was after looking at that.

Then he shortly asked Kang HaJin who was staring at the deathgod.

“How long can you hold?”

“By myself!?”

Kang HaJin shouted in fright. He heard that it was a cooperative attack, but when he went into battle the story changed!

However, looking at Yu IlHan’s serious eyes, he could only honestly answer with a crying expression.

“A, about 30 seconds?”

Just what could change in 30 seconds? Kang HaJin didn’t know.

However, Yu IlHan did.

“That’s plenty.”

Beneath the half-shattered helmet and the mask, Yu IlHan’s mouth made a refreshing crescent. While Kang HaJin was absent minded, Yu IlHan kicked off the ground and started running.

Towards the three trolls, who were wandering around beyond the horizon.



Chapter 47 

The three trolls were inflicted were inflicted by an illusion magic that Erta used with her little bit of power and were imitating Michale Jackson’s Moonwalk, sloppy.

The wounds he got from fighting the reaper were too serious so they weren’t fully recovered even with Na YuNa’s ability, but that would not hinder him from killing the trolls.

Kang HaJin said 30 seconds.

Yu IlHan said that was enough, and it actually was.

“Hup.”

With a shout, he charged. The trolls didn’t notice him. Yu IlHan held up his spear, and threw the spear, which did not lose its sharpness at all even in that intense fight, to attack the three trolls.

[You have earned 520,938 experience.]

[You have earned 518,556 experience.]

[You have earned 549,289 experience.]

A flash like charge and lightning strikes. The shot which was unbelievable whether it really was used by a human who could not use mana, killed a troll with a single precise piercing attack with every attack.

A perfect surprise attack secretive enough for the other trolls to not notice!

Yes. He just killed 3 second class monsters with a surprsie attack right now.

[Kill 2nd class monsters with a single surprise attack 100/100]

[Kill a 3rd class monster with a single surprise attack 1/1]

[You have fulfilled the job advancement criteria. Attaining advancement to Rookie Reaper!]

This was the moment when Erta’s plan succeeded perfectly.

[You have become Rookie Reaper. The effectiveness of concealment increases by 10%. Critical hit chance and attack power increases by 30% when attacking in a surprise attack. Attack power increases by 20% when confronting ‘life’.]

[The evolution criteria for concealment becomes easier.]

[You absorb the accumulated records. You have become level 53. 5 Strength, 5 Agility, 5 Health, 5 Magic increases.]

[You have learned the passive skill, Death Collector. You collect the power of life of those you have killed.]

[You cannot use mana. You cannot learn active skills.]

[You can acquire a sub class.]

[Yu IlHan]

[Human Rookie Reaper Lv53]

[Title – Pancosmic Loner (Concealment becomes passive), One hit for you, one hit for me(Critical Hit chance 10%), Creator of Myths(Productive activities 20%), Not two hits, not three hits, but one hit(20% increase in experience and possibility of acquiring a magic stone.]

[Strength – 152, Agility – 156, Healtth – 147, Magic – 69]

[Active Skills – Concealment Lv Max, Mana Crafting Lv 28, Superhuman Strength Lv 1]

[Passive Skills – Close Combat Lv Max, Spearmanship Lv Max, Blunt Weapon Mastery Lv Max, Swordsmanship Lv Max, Shooting Lv Max, Dismantling Lv Max, Blacksmithing Lv Max, Transcendent Regeneration Lv Max, Cooking Lv 11, Critical Hit Lv 9, Extreme Poison Resistance Lv 4, Death Collector Lv 1]

2nd class. That was incomparable to a 1st class. It wasn’t for nothing that the difference in experience became big between 1st and 2nd class monsters. It was because it was a level that is absolutely impossible to be reached if not fulfilling certain criteria.

On top of that, Rookie Reaper, which Yu IlHan had earned with the most monstrous condition of all 2nd class over all the worlds, was a class with a monstrous power. It would not be an exaggeration to say that it was made only for him. It has a power that would look down on normal 3rd classes so there was no need to say anything more about it.

However, those things weren’t important to Yu IlHan. He had already cornered the reaper with only his 1st class. It didn’t matter how much power his 2nd class gave him.

What was more important was that he had levelled up. The increased level that occurred in the process of the wall blocking his growth becoming completely tattered. Due to that, his health had completely been recovered!

That was enough for him!

As such, Yu IlHan didn’t even bother properly reading the text that appeared on his retina. He only ran quickly after conforming that the trolls died and that he had levelled up.

10 seconds were left of the promised 30 seconds.

“Kuaaah!”

{You’re weak, you’re too weak!}

“Please make oppa not diiie!”

Holy Knight Kang HaJin was desperately enduring against the attacks of the reaper. He also possessed exceptional ability, but this was only possible with Na YuNa recovering his health.

“Just how did that guy, hold on, Kuhk!”

{Give me your life!}

“Don’t diiie!”

Kang HaJin’s struggles and Reaper’s violent attacks, on top of Na YuNa’s baptism of chants made the battlefiled a pit of chaos. Unfortunately, the two angels who were not of help in this battle at all could only pray for their victory from afar.

[It’s fine if Kang HaJin dies, but Na YuNa will also die at this rate!]

[You really have no blood or tears.]

[If Na YuNa dies, then I’ll resent you, Erta!]

[Don’t say unpleasant things and wait!]

Erta, who found peace somehow as Yu IlHan was alive, and Feyta, who was about to cry since the one she protects seemed about to die.

While the two angels, with different minds, were verbally fighting, Kang HaJin’s armor finally shattered.

“Kahak!”

{Die!}

“Kyaaak!, no!

At that moment, Na YuNa, who was only chanting towards Kang HaJin until now, spread her arms towards the reaper for the first time.

“Pleae punish that bad guuuy!”

Brilliant pink light spread out from Na YuNa’s two hands and struck the Reaper. Reaper, who got attacked by her directly, as it didn’t prepare for it, unbelievably flew away for tens of meters before striking the ground. Its figure was even more pitiful than when Yu IlHan fought it.

{Kuhaaak!}

[Just what the hell is that woman!?]

[She’s the child who will save humanity!]

Her attack had a tremendous power behind it. Of course, although it was also thanks to her affinity, a god’s power, overwhelming the reaper, who looked like a bad guy from a glance, Na YuNa’s power was also enormous.

To the point that it made the Reaper’s health, which fell while fighting Yu IlHan, but was recovering during the fight with Kang HaJin, fell by an enormous amount and stunned it!

There were two problems. One was the fact that that stunned state wouldn’t last long, and another was that the power that Na YuNa had, had been depleted.

“What do we do, Oppa, ruuun!”

“I also, got stunned……!”

Kang HaJin replied while clenching his teeth. Due to the shock he received from the Reaper being too big, he could only move his mouth.

He didn’t get inflicted by a curse thanks to Na YuNa, but if the Reaper awakes from the stunned state, then there would be no next. He would really die.

Fuck! – The moment Kang HaJin muttered, someone whispered to him while lightly grabbing his hand.

“Let me in on the party.”

Kang HaJin subconsciously nodded his head. At that moment,

[You have received a new party member.]

[Party members : 3]

The senses exclusive to a party extended to enwrap the new member. Kang HaJin finally realized the situation and opened his two eyes widely. He couldn’t see as the stun didn’t wear off yet, but it was clear who joined his party.

“You came back……!”

“Sh.”

Yu IlHan quietly whispered and kicked off the ground. Kang HaJin finally could see his back figure.

The pitch black armor, which was scratched and even destroyed here and there, and the shoulders that looked safe despite all that.

Kang HaJin subconsciously became relieved. Then, he felt a strange emotion after realizing that he was becoming relieved. He, who had proactively solved all things in his life until now, had no experience in becoming relieved by leaving a task to another person.

However, regardless of whether Kang HaJin realized his new feelings or not, Yu IlHan coudn’t care less. He only ran courageously. With his newly acquired powers, while holding the spear in his hand tightly.

The Reaper was still under a stun, with all its weaknesses exposed, and did not notice Yu IlHan approaching him.

Of course, Yu IlHan wouldn’t become dejected even if the Reaper was waiting for him with its full health. He had already seen through the Reaper’s everything. He had analyzed and saw through everything that it could do, so there was no way he could be afraid.

{Kahak, humans, new record! Record!}

The Reaper’s stun was wearing off. While speaking nonsense, it stood its body up. However, it still could not notice Yu IlHan.

That was only natural. The fact that it had found Yu IlHan at first was also because Erta was by his side, not because it had the ability to see through Yu IlHan’s concealment.

However, Yu IlHan was currently running on the ground alone, and Erta was watching from behind, and his already powerful concealment had been enhanced.

With a small smile, Yu IlHan activated the Superhuman Strength. With all his muscular power focused on his two arms, he struck the spear without any hesitation.

That spear magnificently struck the Reaper’s chest, where he had pierced thousands of times until now.

[Critical Hit!]

At the last moment, the Reaper lifted its head up. The moment its eyes met with Yu IlHan’s, Yu IlHan realized an unexpected fact.

It wasn’t ‘it’. To think that Yu IlHan, who read an enormous quantity of books, had made an error of generalization, he should be embarrassed.

At that moment, even more amazingly, the Reaper opened its mouth.

[Th, thank you……]

A voice, that was not like a metallic roar from the depths of hell, but a clear and beautiful female’s, could be heard. Just from the voice alone, it wasn’t one that fit a battle scythe but one that fit more with a field of flowers.

“Hup.”

Yu IlHan answered that by clearly taking the Reaper’s life by twisting his spear. At his merciless actions, the Reaper seemed to make a small smile, before collapsing at that place.

[You have earned 31,969,409 experience.]

[You have become level 55. 4 Strength, 2 Agility, 2 Health, 2 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 157 Reta Kar’iha.]

[Death Collector activated. You have absorbed and stored the power of life of Reta Kar’iha.]

This was the first time he had earned an experience that numbered 8 digits. Shocked, Yu IlHan turned his head around just in case, but it seemed that Kang HaJin and Na YuNa had levelled up properly as they became lively.

“Fuu. It was a really strong guy. I never met such an enemy even during my 10 years in the Hell Tower.”

“It was very twisteeed.”

When their safety was confirmed, the two finally became relieved and conversed. Yu IlHan also became relieved after confirming if there was any enemy in his surroundings.

And he took out a bone knife, in order to dismantle Reta Kar’iha.

[Stop there.]

“Ah, why?”

[She’s a girl!]

“It’s a monster.”

[She’s a girl!]

“I said it’s a monster.”

Yu IlHan had no profane intentions at all. So what if a monster was of a specific sex? The only important things were whether its skin was tough, or whether its bones were hard, or whether it had a magic stone – just these three!

However, the next moment as he was about to act, the body of Reta Kar’iha collapsed on the ground seem to emit a faint light, before it became black ash. Yu IlHan thought it was a pity while looking at that, but Erta, Feyta, Kang HaJin and Na YuNa all stiffened after witnessing the same scene.

“Hup.” 

“I thought ‘no way’ but…”

So there is something that only those guys know.

Yu IlHan, who intuitively realized that, also stiffened along with them, as to not be cast out by them. An action copy skill, that could be called a control C, control V! His skill activated splendidly and succeeded in not giving his companions any strange feelings.

[No way, it really was a Breaker.]

While Yu IlHan desperately endured his urge to ask what that cool name was, Erta, who flew to Yu IlHan’s head explained in a small voice.

[The ones who are taken over by monsters’ mana due to swallowing a magic stone are called Breakers. They become black ash when they die, as you see there.]

“Aha.”

Yu IlHan finally knew. So, Reta Kar’iha was not a monster but an actual woman. Although, it was unknown whether she was a human, an elf, or another intelligent species.

However, there were two positive things. First was that there was a black colored magic stone left at that place. Second being the pitch black robe and the pitch black scythe remaining.

Of course, the angels were rejoicing due to another fact.

[Ah, the dungeon’s entrance opened![(Feyta)

[We came back with our own abilities. So Reta Kar’iha really had the secret to it. Although, it’s unfortunate that we could not hear that through her own mouth.](Erta)

Erta spoke while looking at Yu IlHan quietly. Straightening his shoulders firmly, Yu IlHan complained to her.

“Why are you looking at me? Did I do something wrong?”

[I’m looking at you because you’re so handsome. Why, bitter?]

Erta’s counterattack abilities were also increasing day by day. Clicking his tongue, Yu IlHan could only acknowledge that.

There was not a single solved puzzle. Instead, the suspicion only became deeper. A mysterious dungeon which restricts even the power of a higher existence. A 3rd class breaker, which there was no way it could be on Earth. And an Abandoned World.

He did not know just what was occurring on Earth.

Just one fact was sure – Yu IlHan had won.

And survived splendidly.



Chapter 48

“Thank you for saving me.”

“That’s what I should say.”

After the situation was over with, Kang HaJin bowed his head deeply to Yu IlHan, but Yu IlHan just waved his hands and denied it. If it wasn’t for them, Yu IlHan definitely would have died. Just like that.

“But if it didn’t die, the dungeon’s exit wouldn’t have opened, and if so, we would have died as well. So it’s us who should be thanking you.”

Yu IlHan thought that Kang HaJin had a very stiff head and didn’t understand what he was saying, but he didn’t say it out loud. Instead, he spoke while picking up the black magic stone and Reta Kar’iha’s relics.

“Then I can take this, right?”

Momentarily, Kang HaJin’s eyebrows twitched, but he couldn’t say ‘that’s a bit too……’ now, since that would be going against his words. Honestly, it wouldn’t be exaggerated to say that Yu IlHan had killed it all by himself, so Kang HaJin eventually decided to clearly give up.

“Okay, YuNa would probably not be against it either.”

Na YuNa didn’t object it either. Instead, she demanded.

“Give me your numbennn!”

“No.”

“Wao, I got rejected again! Even though I’m so pretty! Even though I’m the prettiest in the world!”

Na YuNa was definitely beautiful. Since it was Yu IlHan, who would not eye anyone below an angel, who acknowledged that, it could be said that her appearance was exceptional.

He didn’t know the order of sequence: whether she became like that since she was blessed by the Goddess of Beauty, or whether she was blessed because she was pretty; but she was beautiful to the point that he could realize that she wasn’t blessed by the Goddess of Beauty for nothing.

He also understood why she was so proud of her appearance. Although, honestly, he felt unpleasant about it.

Yu IlHan rejected even her even more because of her confidence, and confirmed with Erta.

“Are there anything else that I need to do in here?”

[There should be, but not now. We all need rest. You worked very hard so you should rest now. The rest will be taken care of by us, as we should be responsible for this in the first place.]

“But in my opinion, I think it will become even more dangerous if your powers are restricted again doing that.”

At Yu IlHan’s sharp opinion, Erta replied while smiling helplessly.

[In fact, I’m worried about that as well. We will probably seal the dungeon itself using Heaven’s power, and will probably give out quests to humans later. To those like you, who have exceptional ability.]

“I knew that.”

Yu IlHan ended up laughing.

However, to blame her for anything, she worked very hard today, so he decided to shut his mouth. Erta also seemed to have felt his consideration as she quietly lay on his head.

“Let’s get out together. You won’t reject that, right?”

“Ok, then.”

He had already left the party. His passive concealment would probably activate again when they arrive in Korea, so he should be able to leave them. As such, Yu IlHan didn’t bother rejecting that.

He had already finished his business here anyway. Splitting up here was instead more annoying.

“I will drink beer with MiRae, when I go back to Korea!”

“Do whatever you want…”

“Oppa, drink with us tooo!”

“I’m busy.”

“Uuu, I keep getting rejected today.

Meanwhile, Na YuNa didn’t seem to be tired at all, as she kept chatting. If acting childish was her secret to her beauty, then he wouldn’t really want to imitate that.

However, he didn’t feel so bad about her screaming ‘kyak kyak’ from time to time, so Yu IlHan looked at that scene with a faint smile. With the thought that she might miss Yu IlHan’s figure if she kept chatting loudly.

“But what is your naaame?”

“Hmmm.”

To think that she called out to him when his concealment seemed like it would activate in just a few more moments, was that a simple coincidence? Just why does this woman show a completely different side to her at completely unexpected times…

Yu IlHan became a little nervous. Whether she knew that or not, Na YuNa continued speaking with an innocent voice.

“I asked Feyta before, but she said she’ll die if she tells me.”

[I definitely don’t want an angel cobra twist!]

“I think it’s beyond the level where you should put an ‘angel’ in front of it…”

While retorting blandly to Feyta, Yu IlHan thought for a moment. The one he thought about was Kang MiRae.

First, it was a clear fact that Kang MiRae and these two belonged to the same group. Moreover, from Na YuNa’s chatters, he could judge that they were friends. Since Kang HaJin had the same surname, it was likely that he and Kang MiRae were kins.

They will defniitely talk about Yu IlHan with her, and Kang MiRae should be able to think up of Yu IlHan the moment they mention concealment, spear, and Korean. It’s not that Yu IlHan was being arrogant. It’s just that there are no strong people with those characteristics on Earth right now, other than him.

In other words, there’s no meaning in hiding it.

“It’s Yu IlHan.”

“Waa, such a cool name!”

This person was the first to say that so nonchalantly as soon as she heard his name. The best social butterfly of social butterflies, the queen of social butterflies was here.

Honestly, he didn’t feel that bad hearing that, but his strong resolve that loners cannot associate with social butterflies made him calm.

Meanwhile, Kang HaJin was looking at him as if looking at a strange human. Even he, who grew up with Na YuNa from their toddler age, had his heart pound sometimes, when looking at her, but he could feel that Yu IlHan was rejecting Na YuNa honestly.

He really wished that that wouldn’t provoke Na YuNa’s challenging mind. She always looked clumsy, but exactly due to that, it was unknown what she would do. Fortunately, as she was more interested in making herself look pretty rather than a man, it would be alright to not assume the worst……

“You don’t have to back down so much. I won’t eat youuu.”

“If you’re too close, it makes me unpleasant and hot so go away a little further.”

“Wao!”

Now, Na YuNa seemed like she enjoyed the conversation with Yu IlHan. Well, she might feel new about Yu IlHan’s reactions, who was different to other men, since other men either exaggeratedly close, or exaggeratedly wild.

New things bring with it, joy, but there was a limit to that. If there was no reaction, she was bound to get bored with it eventually. Just what kind of charm would she feel to someone who keeps rejecting her? Seeing Na YuNa giggling so much, Kang HaJin’s worries indeed seemed like it would end as worries.

They could escape the dungeon soon, but amazingly, in front of the dungeon, a few angels were waiting, fully armed.

Seeing those stiff expressions, they already seemed to know what happened inside the dungeon.

[Erta.]

A female angel wearing an armor of light, at their front, called Erta’s name.

[Report.](armored angel)

[I understand.](Erta)

From Erta’s polite speech, it seemed that that angel was in a higher position than Erta. Yu IlHan looked at Feyta, wondering why they didn’t call out to her even though she suffered through the same thing, and she replied in a small voice.

[It’s because I’m a newbie.](Feyta)

[Quiet.](armored angel)

[Hik.](Feyta)

Erta and the armored angel seemed to converse for a while before they turned their heads towards Yu IlHan. The armored angel spoke.

[Human Yu IlHan, it seems difficult to rewards you immediately.](armored angel)

“……Ah, okay. You can give it to me after you finish work.”

Yu IlHan tilted his head when he heard the word ‘reward’, before he realized that it was for saving Erta.

Definitely, since Erta got seen, he couldn’t attack it first with a strong attack, and that made the battle a little disadvantageous. However, it wasn’t like he wanted a reward while he was saving Erta, so Yu IlHan couldn’t think of that until he heard the word ‘reward’.

[I don’t know what you are thinking about with this matter, but this incident is very important even to Heaven. For a more accurate story, we will borrow Erta for a little.](armored angel)

“Do as you wish.”

[Then…… Everyone gather. We will now proceed with sealing the dungeon temporarily.](armored angel)

[Yes!]

With just one heavy line from the armored angel, all the angels in that area gathered at the front of vortex-entrance. Yu IlHan fell into thought while seeing the entrance to the dangerous dungeon being closed.

Is this kind of dungeon the only in this place? Perhaps, won’t these kind of dungeons keep appearing in the future? Perhaps, someone’s will had played a role in this dungeon? If so, what for?

The thought that started from a hypothesis kept chaining on until it scattered away like smoke. This thought was impossible to come to a conclusion in the first place, nor was there a need to come to one.

Yu IlHan gripped his fist while thinking back to Reta Kar’iha’s smile that he saw at her last moments.

Yu IlHan couldn’t care less of what’s going on. He would only become stronger in order to survive. He had no plans in shivering in fear of the things that have not even occurred yet.

The temporary sealing of the dungeon was over. The angels only stopped emitting their power only after they saw that the vortex of the dungeon decreased and eventually became a metallic gate.

[With this incident, Earth has become the world with the most variables, where God’s power is especially not effective. According to that, the angels assigned to Earth will increase in the future.]

While he was quietly looking at the dungeon’s entrance, Yu IlHan could hear an angel’s voice in his ears.

When he looked back, amazingly, he could see the armored angel, who kept her stiff attitude all this time, smiling slightly with the corner of her mouth slightly raised.

[Lita really seemed to want to see you. It was painful to endure her hysteria until now.]

“Is that so.”

He thought of the things he thought when fighting Reta Kar’iha alone, and his face became a little red. It was fortunate that he was covering his face with a mask.

No, rather than that, just how much does this poor angel talk about Yu IlHan to the other angels to the point that the angels that Yu IlHan meets talk about Lita!?

While he was thinking that, at one moment, Yu IlHan realized what the armored angel was implying and widened his eyes.

“W, wait.”

[Then, Yu IlHan, I wish you luck in your future. I will send Erta back as soon as the business is done.]

[Feyta, you come too.]

[Wait, I need to prote…… Uwaaa!]

The angels vanished in an instant. Taking back his hand he stretched towards the armored angel, Yu IlHan grumbled quietly.

“Sneaky… She should have told me to the end if she was going to at all.”

“……You’re very friendly with them.”

Meanwhile, Kang HaJin, who was stiff throughout the entire incident since he was overwhelmed by the angels’ auras, became surprise yet again after looking at Yu IlHan’s attitude. Now, he was even tired of feeling inferior to him.

Of course, there was no way Yu IlHan would know of that, so he could only make a vague smile.

“Let’s go back nooow. HaJin-oppa, IlHan-oppaaa.”

“Fuu, yeah.”

“I’m not your oppa.”

Na YuNa, who simply wouldn’t understand the situation ended the situation and pulled on the two’s clothes. Kang HaJin sighed in defeat, and Yu IlHan felt electrified due to the power of social butterfly queen after hearing the change in her way of calling him, and cut her off with the power of a loner king.

“Then IlHan?”

“I’m sorry, but I have no plans in becoming close with you, so don’t call me so closely.”

“Wao!”

Na YuNa, who became to enjoy Yu IlHan’s reactions, kept talking to him until they got on the airplane at the airport. Of course, Yu IlHan escape them since he had to stowaway, so she could only hope for another meeting.

Although, it was unknown when that meeting would come.



Chapter 49

Na YuNa and Kang HaJin received the attention of many as soon as they arrived at Incheon airport, since they were a handsome & pretty couple before they were ability users. Especially, Na YuNa’s beauty had transcended humanity, so it was normal for gazes to be gathered on her.

“The two of you, please come this way.”

The man who had experience fighting the shadow leopard with Yu IlHan once, Fred, greeted them. They proudly received the gazes on them, and left the terminal on Fred’s guide. When the awaiting limousine opened, there was a prior quest.

“Did you acquire it?”

She, who brought out her business before any greeting, was the Empress, Kang MiRae. Wearing a black-based robe, and instead of the mask that she wore while fighting with Yu IlHan, she was hiding her face with sunglasses.

“Of course.”

“He sounds so reliable, but in fact, HaJin-oppa got thraaashed.”

“Na YuNa!”

The always-honest Na YuNa revealed Kang HaJin’s humiliation for all to see. Kang HaJin tried to stop her, but the water was already spilt.

Kang MiRae first let them in the car, and expressed her confusion after facing them with her sunglasses off.

“You acquired them, but you got thrashed?”

“Listen, listen, MiRae.”

“Phew…”

Now that it came to this, there was no method to stop her. Kang HaJin could only obediently endure the replay of his dark history.

“……A Korean who uses a spear? His name is Yu IlHan?”

“He also used things like pile bunkers. Feyta said that he’s the strongest on Earth right now. And probably in the future too.”

“If that angel said so, then it must be true. Yes, hmm.”

Kang MiRae answered like that after listening to Na YuNa’s story and put on her sunglasses again. Then, she turned her head away from her and fixed her gaze outside the window.

“Anyway, thanks. Thanks to you, I can now advance to 2nd class.”

“So you got all the rest! But MiRae, why did you turn your head so abruptly?”

“I only wanted to see the scenery outside.”

“Is there anything interesting outsiiide?”

Na YuNa got close to Kang MiRae and looked outside the window. However, only the unchanging roads could be seen. Looking at that, Kang HaJin thought ‘perhaps?’ and asked.

“Do you know him?”

“No, oppa. I’m hearing of him for the first time.”

Kang MiRae answered in a calm tone.

“But hearing that he’s stornger than me, I’m a little curious. Well, of course, he will get left behind by me soon.”

“As stubborn as always, eh.”

“Such MiRae is cute too!”

“Hey, you’re being annoying.”

However, even though she said it was annoying, Kang MiRae didn’t push Na YuNa away. They were childhood friends, and ones who had to be separated for ten years when they lived all their life together due to multiversal circumstances. A slightly overboard skinship was a good method to bring back their awkward relationship.

“Anyway, after that, I became curious of that person. But I told him to give me his number, but he didn’t give me one until the end!”

“He didn’t, fu.”

“Yeah. ……Mirae, didn’t you just laugh at me?”

“No.”

“Riiight? Rather than that, let’s drink beer. Beer!”

“After we go home, and I do my 2nd class advancement.”

“Yaaay!”

The delightfully cheering Na YuNa, and the vaguely complying Kang MiRae. Seeing that the girls were as ever, Kang HaJin sighed in relief and laid back on his chair. Then, he thought back to Yu IlHan, who disappeared just before they got on board the airplane.

He thought back to Yu IlHan’s various abilities, with every single one of them strong.

‘It’s alright. My strengths aren’t only on fighting strength. Don’t belittle yourself, Kang HaJin. Jealousy will only make me look puny. I only have to do what I’m best at.’

There will come a day where he will put Yu IlHan under him. Then, it was no different from him winning. Imagining such scenes, Kang HaJin closed his eyes.

The limousine was heading to the destination smoothly and quickly.

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan was roughly and quickly running towards his house. He was thirty times faster than that limousine.

“I’m back!”

From Incheon airport to Jongno, where he lives, he took less than ten minutes to traverse tens of kilometers before opening the door to his house proudly.

However, his father didn’t seemed to have come back from work as his shoes weren’t present, and his mother had gone somewhere after leaving a post-it on the dining table.

Yu IlHan read the post-it.

[I heard there were some fresh seafood so I’m going on a quest to Ya’umin. I’ll be back before dinner!]

“Wao.”

Yu IlHan already got inflicted with Na YuNa’s speech tone, even though he hadn’t heard it that much. Ya’umin, if there wasn’t the word ‘quest’ then he might have mistook her for going to some market.

‘Is my mother actually quite strong?’

His father always grumbled everyday, saying monsters were frightening, I have no talent and I’m weak and whatnot, but didn’t his mother have nothing like that? At least, it was clear that she was more talented than his father. If not, then she wouldn’t have gone to another world so light-heartedly.

Looking forward to the seafood for dinner, Yu IlHan washed his sticky body clean before directly going to his workshop.

He waved his hand at the Eternal Flame, which greeted Yu IlHan by flickering violently, and he went into work that he had not done. It was the dismantling job that he hadn’t finished.

“I might have to throw away all this meat.”

Although the rotting speed was very slow compared to the meat of other animals since it had mana dwelling in it, and the materials that made it up was different in the first place, even monster meat rotted. Most of them were fine right now, but since had had hunted so many, it seemed very difficult to eat them all before they went bad.

‘Should I ask them to apply a rot-proof function on the Cross Bag?’

Yu IlHan thought that before realizing one fact.

‘Can’t I do it myself?’

However, he soon threw away that thought. The options on the Cross Bag were only made with several angels working together. Since he can’t use mana yet, and didn’t have a high level of mana crafting, he would be too incapable to challenge it.

Especially, since the difficulty was raised as it went against the phsysical laws, it was wise to give up quickly.

Yu IlHan ardently dismantled the Flame Lizards, trolls, and the scorpions. He first separated the meat by species, and using the vacuum packager that he prepared for such moments, he packaged them and returned them to the Cross Bag before separating a separate portion to put inside the refrigerator at home.

He decided to throw away the large amount of meat which remained even after all that. It wasn’t like he would never hunt monsters in his life again. There was no need to get obsessed.

‘Wait, it’s a bit of a waste to throw it all away.’

Yu IlHan asked while looking at the Eternal Flame.

“Do you eat meat as well?”

He felt as if the Eternal Flame had nodded. No, in fact, even if it didn’t, that didn’t matter!

Laughing with a ‘fufu’, Yu IlHan took out a frying pan. He was thinking of getting Cooking Skill experience, albeit a little, by cooking the remaining meat. The Eternal Flame can just swallow the cooked meat and he wouldn’t have to worry about throwing it away, so it was perfect!

For 3 hours after that, Yu IlHan cooked. ‘Cooking’ was just simply grilling the meat, but as the amount was huge, his cooking skill increased by 2.

The Eternal Flame wordlessly (even though it can’t speak) swallowed all the meat, and the horrifying pile of meat was all gone like that. If someone else saw it, that person would be dumbfounded and would not be able to say anything.

And when he processed all of that meat, what was left was their bones, carapace, skin and tendons. Even though he had gathered the byproducts after removing all the meat, they still weighed over ten tons in total. Thinking that he should take it a little easier on his hunt starting next time, Yu IlHan went into work.

He first experimented whether he could make a Giant’s Rubber Band with the tendons of the trolls and the flame lizards, but the results weren’t that positive.

The ones from flame lizards were no good at all, and with the trolls, they did acquire elasticity like the shadow leopard’s tendons when he heated them, but it didn’t exceed the shadow leopard’s tendons. He felt that he would be able to exceed the black leopard’s tendons if he heated a little more, but they reached the critical point and burned before they could.

“Then.”

Yu IlHan’s gaze turned to the Highland Troll Boss’s muscles. The possibility was plenty. He immediately grabbed a string of tendon with tongs and put it inside the fire.

“You remember that temperature from just now, right?”

Flicker. The Eternal Flame burned bigger as if to answer him.

Staring holes at the tendon that heated in the fire, he concentrated.

Through the several hundred years of training, he came to a realization that he should be serious in whatever work he did that required him to work with fire. Anyone would become serious if they experienced the feeling of emptiness when everything turns into naught due to a moment of carelessness. This was also the reason why Yu IlHan respected chefs.

The tendon glowed red. He had already seen this scene when he heated the trolls’ tendons. However, before their properties completely changed, they burnt away.

What was important was now. Would the Troll Boss’s tendon be able to endure the Eternal Flame and achieve mutation? Yu ilHan watched with a thumping heart.

The tendon became redder and redder. Yu IlHan could see with his eyes that it wasn’t simply heating up, but the structure was changing. Of course, it didn’t burn in vain. Well, there was a huge difference in endurance between 2nd class and 3rd class.

Success. Yu IlHan was assured. He could make another Giant’s Rubber Band after the black leopard!

However, that was it. The moment thought it was about to succeed, the tendon lost its red color and returned white. Yu IlHan’s tension loosened.

“As expected, is there a limit to simple heating?”

Maybe the problem laid in the fact that he had only used one method in creating a new material.

Eternal Flame, in the end, was a flame. It was clear that the Highland Troll Boss’s tendons had the possibility of mutation, but perhaps there might be something else required to bring out that change.

At that moment, the Eternal Flame burned blue and enveloped the tendon. While doing that, a streak of flame that separated from its main streak flickered as if licking with its tongue.

Yu IlHan thought ‘maybe’ and asked.

“Do I need to feed it something?”

A positive movement. Yu IlHan took out a few 2nd class magic stones which he acquired after finishing the dismantling, and put in his bag, and unhesitantly threw it. The Eternal Flame ate those magic stones as if it had waited for it and burned brighter.

In the blue flames, the tendons gradually turned redder. It seemed glow gradually, before eventually became scarlet and shrank in volume. Seeing a clearer change than the time he made the Giant’s Rubber Band with the black leopard’s tendons, Yu IlHan shouted with his fist gripped tight.

“So, Eternal Flame is the best and I don’t need anything else!”

Re-realizing the OPness of the Eternal Flame, he took out the Giant’s Rubber Band from the furnace. That, which changed so much to the point that its original characteristics were all but gone, had a unique shine to it to make it look high-class.

It was more elastic than the black leopard’s and had a higher durability as well. It was the birth of a perfect Giant’s Rubber Band.

‘Would she come back when I make a new weapon with this?’

Yu IlHan thought up of Erta. He also thought of Lita’s figure, but he decided to put her aside for the time being.

‘I wish she’d come quickly and attach about 9 options to the Cross Bag.’

It should be fine for him to ask for 100 options… With a humble mind, Yu IlHan picked up the hammer.

From now was the delightful time of equipment-creating labor.

Meanwhile, the two angels he thought of were coincidentally in the same place; as a participant of the meeting held by angels.

[As a result of investigation, it was found out that Reta Kar’iha was an intelligent species, an elf, of the world, ‘Daréu’.] 

[Ah, I remember meeting her when I was in charge of that world. She was a talented child. That world’s history might have changed if she was born 500 years earlier.]

[Daréu is an Abandoned World. Just why did she appear in a dungeon on Earth? No, how did Earth get connected with an Abandoned World?]

[Is it related to the overlap of the Traps of Destruction?]

When the angels spoke a line each, the place turned noisy. The angel in the position of a chairman tapped the table and summed up the situation.

[There are two big questions regarding this incident. One, how did a portion of an Abandoned World get connected with a dungeon on Earth. Two, why did it happen in a dungeon where the Traps of Destruction overlapped?]

[Chairman, are you doubting your fellow angels?]

[As a possibility, yes. If the human Yu IlHan didn’t kill Reta Kar’iha, then Erta and Feyta would have meaninglessly lost their lives. In the worst case, there’s even a possibility that Earth and the Abandoned World will get mixed up.]

[Wait.]

At that moment, another angel interjected.

[Did you say that a human killed Reta Kar’iha?]

[I did.] (Chairman)

[A human on Earth? By himself?]

[He wasn’t alone. A human called Na YuNa was there too.] (Feyta)

[Is that possible? It has only been two months since the Great Cataclysm ocurred on Earth. A single human defeated a 3rd class Breaker?]

[Like I said, Na YuNa too.] (Feyta)

The meeting place turned noisy in an instant. Feyta ended up becoming silent as she became shy since she was ignored twice.

[How is that possible? Isn’t that human suspicious instead?]

[If there was someone behind this incident, isn’t that human the one who we should be suspecting?]

[Shut up all of you, my IlHan only became strong thanks to going through hellish suffering!]

Lita exploded and shouted.

[He’s a good child!] (Lita)

[There are angels who were with Yu IlHan all the time. There is no room for doubt. What we should give him are rewards, not suspicion.](Chairman)

[You’re right. He protected me and Feyta, and in that process, defeated the Breaker with exceptional ability. Also, regarding his exceptional ability, angel Lita should have submitted a report already.]

Lita’s words were quite off, but fortunately, the chairman and Erta correctly expressed their opinions, so the suspicion that was about to be given to Yu IlHan was safely avoided. The angels who didn’t like Yu IlHan since before clicked their tongues, but there were plenty who liked him in that place. There were none who were stubbornly claiming again.

[At this point of time, we cannot come to any conclusion. Therefore, I suggest that we increase the number of angels dispatched to Earth by four times to investigate the situation on Earth in detail.] (Chairman)

With the chairman’s declaration, the venue turned noisy.

[Four times? Earth is just a tiny world where only the First Great Cataclysm occurred. Aren’t we being too serious?]

[Can’t we just close Earth if a problem occurs? I think we are just putting angels at risk. The Army of Heaven is not infinite.] 

[You’re right. Let’s not invest so much fighting power in a mere small world.]

There were a lot of angels who objected. However, the number of those who agreed numbered much more.

[No, Earth has too many connections with other worlds. We cannot rashly close it.]

[I shall agree. It looks interesting.]

[I also agree. Whether big or small, First Great Cataclysm or Third Great Cataclysm, a world has the right to exist.]

[I think it should be fine if we pull some veterans out of the completely stabilized worlds.]

[I agree.]

[Agreed! Completely agree! Please accept place of work application!]

There was no room for doubt as to who wanted to apply for a place of work. The chairman’s suggestion instantly acquired more than half of the votes and was passed.

[There’s something I should tell you which is not related to this. Lord God had considered the characteristics of Earth, and decided to give benefits to a few humans belonging to Earth with outstanding ability to reclaim the balance of the world. Like a few angels including Erta and Feyta are doing, from now on, a few angels will take the role as a human’s guardian angel.]

[The probability to reach the center of the incident would increase if we stay next to strong humans.]

[Although I don’t want to meddle with a lower existence, oh well.] 

The meeting finished around there. The angels prepared to leave.

The chairman seemed to want to talk more seeing that the angels were going away in such a hurry, but since the chairman was aware that many things were only at the suspecting stage, the chairman only said this.

[Watch over Earth. Although I do not want it, If it gets connected to an Abandoned World again, then the situation will become out of hand.]

[Just why did it come to this when we have planned to connect Earth to other worlds to avoid a commotion, I wonder…]

[Why did the connection become so strong? Now we can’t even sever it like we want. Shit.]

[Are there any good ones amongst the returnees…]

The angels scattered in an instant, excluding a few to decide the rewards that will be given to Yu IlHan.

[What would make my IlHan happy?]

[Rather than what makes him happy, shouldn’t we give him something that can help him?]

[M, my YuNa too. She worked hard as well!]

Hearing the conversation between the poor angel Lita, and the strict mother-like Erta, which blew away all the serious atmosphere from just now, the chairman angel, Myuta, ended up laughing.

[On my, Myuta’s, authority, I promise him the best rewards. Lita, I will accept your stubbornness.]

[Myuta, really? Thank you so much!]

[Myuta-nim, why?]

While Lita became honestly happy, Erta tilted her head. It was because Myuta was known for always keeping neutrality with a fair and strict mind.

Myuta seemed to think a bit at Erta’s question, before replying, shrugging.

[I only execute God’s wills. Allowing an unbalance for the balance of Earth. That’s it. Also,]

[Also?]

[I think that rather than the 7.4 billion returnees, 1 dropout will probably approach the core of the problem.]

At Myuta’s words, the angels lost their words. If Yu IlHan was present, then he would have shouted ‘fucking foreshadow!’, but unfortunately, he was ardently smacking metal in his workshop right now.



Chapter 50

Aside from eating the seafood that his mother had prepared for him at his house, Yu IlHan spent all day in his workshop, working.

He made the body of the pile bunker with Metal Hearts, and the ammo with various bones and carapaces, and amongst those, the frag bomb that would explode once it’s entirely in the enemy’s body, was his masterpiece.

Unlike the first time he made the pile bunker, the number of 2nd class magic stones in his possession were overflowing. He invested them without holding back, and did mana crafting on not only the pile bunker itself, but also on some parts of the ammo, and could bring out results which were better than he had expected perhaps due to the new variety of materials he had, and the higher level of mana crafting than before.

[Frighteningly Destructive Metal Pile Bunker]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power –

1st level : 2,100

2nd level : 3,200

3rd level : 4,300

4th level : 5,500

[Options – Piercing power and attack power increases by 40%]

[Durability 2,100/2,100]

[A terrifying weapon made by the best weapon smith of Earth. It has horrifying power, and even more horrifying backlash, so one needs more courage than when fighting monsters to use this weapon.]

Although he did use Metal Hearts, to keep using it, he couldn’t make a 5th level loading. It was because the power in the Giant’s Rubber Band had increased along with the durability of the pile bunker’s body. Of course, the 4th stage had frightening might as well, so he didn’t have any complaints.

Aside from that, Yu IlHan also made a variety of weapons using the sharp and hard bones and carapaces. Hammers, axes, greatswords, and even a grenade made from Giant’s Rubber Band.

The next things he set his sights on were long range weapons.

Although it was good to make a bow or a gun, since he had the shooting skill, but thinking back to the fight with the Shadow Leopard, it was hard for him, who could not use mana, to inflict any damage using small bullets or arrows to a large scale monster.

As such, the thing Yu IlHan made were neither a bow, nor a gun, nor metal skewers, but an atlatl. The spear throwing device that hunters used since the ancient times.

[Rough Moonlight Bone Atlatl]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power – 2,800]

[Options – Attack range increases by 50%, Attack power and accuracy increases by 40% under the moon]

[Durability – 1,850/1,850]

[A spear throwing device that one can use to slot a small spear in the hook to shoot. The result differs hugely according to the abilities of the user.]

Atlatl was a tool that looked similar to a cane with a curved end, and it was a simple weapon that one could use just by slotting a spear made for throwing, on the end of the hook, and shoot the spear just by swinging it around.

The range and the attack power was superior to just throwing the spear by hand, and above all, the biggest advantage was that it would get affected by the max level spearmanship that Yu IlHan had to bring out much better effects than any other throwing weapon.

Aside from that, after Yu IlHan made a huge number of weapons that he can use, Yu IlHan immediately went into repairing his armor.

Not only did he repair the black full plate armor that got damaged during the fight with Reta Kar’iha, he also made a tough clothing using the skin of the Highland Troll boss. He didn’t forget to mana craft on it to increase ventilation and defensive power.

Lastly, when he opened the Cross Bag to enhance the harpoons and the ropes, he could find the spoils of war that he had forgotten completely until now.

“Ah.”

Those, were the magic stone, the black robe, and the large black scythe that Reta Kar’iha left behind. Thinking back to the overwhelming ability that Reta Kar’iha had, Yu IlHan checked their information one by one in full expectation.

[Secretive Reaper’s Fallen Robe]

[Rank – Unique]

[Defense – 2,400]

[Options – User’s concealment ability increases by 20%, attack increases by 20% when attacking in surprise]

[Durability – 1,238/2,430]

[A robe which absorbed dark mana for a long time to possess the power of a deathgod.]

[Fatal and Sharp Reaper’s Scythe]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power – 3,100]

[Options – Critical hit rate and damage increases by 40%]

[Durability – 1,780/2,800]

[A scythe that the last smith in a ruined world made with a metal from unknown origin.]

“These weapons are slightly inferior compared to their ability.”

Yu IlHan tilted his head when he saw that it was below his expectations. He wasn’t aware at all that he was using OP-tier weapons.

However, that just meant that it was slightly inferior compared to her abilities, the options attached on the robe was an exceptional defense that would increase Yu IlHan’s fighting power immediately. Yu IlHan used a magic stone to cleanly repair the robe and put it back in his bag. He had no plans to wear a robe that increases the effective of his already so-strong concealment, in public.

The scythe also had quite a high attack power compared to the deathgod’s black spear that Yu IlHan himself was using, but coincidentally, Yu IlHan didn’t have a lot of experience using a scythe.

No matter how high the attack power was, and no matter how good the options were, it was foolish to use a weapon that he wasn’t used to. As such, he unhesitantly put the reaper’s scythe into the furnace. If Erta was watching that, she would have screamed ‘what are you doing?’.

However Yu IlHan wasn’t insane, and did not plan to give such a good weapon as food to the Eternal Flame. He was planning to melt the scythe once and reforge it as a spear.

‘It is definite that the metal is way better than Metal Hearts. Moreover, I don’t know whether it had mana crafting or not, but the power dwelling in the metal itself can’t be looked down upon. Perhaps it gained power over the years.’

The Eternal Flame burned in a rough and bright blue color. Yu IlHan, who now knew what that meant very clearly, unhesitantly threw a magic stone at it. He had less than ten now that he had used up so many, but since he had made everything he needed to make, he didn’t feel that it was a waste at all.

However, the reaper’s scythe was strong. Despite the Eternal Flame burning roughly, it didn’t seem to have any thoughts in melting down. When the Eternal Flame raised its temperature even more, a black aura emitted from scythe and made a black silhouette on top of the furnace.

[Ssss]

“Reta Kar’iha?”

[Ssss]

He spoke to it thinking that there maybe some kinda will left in it, but it didn’t seem as such. However, his try wasn’t in vain. It was because he had spotted a slight vibration in the black silhouette the moment it heard the words ‘Reta Kar’iha’.

‘This will be easy.’

Yu IlHan found the trick right away. Although he didn’t know what the black silhouette was exactly, he instinctively realized what he needed to do in order to achieve his objective.

“Reta Kar’iha. Breaker. Death. Deathgod. Ruin.”

While spitting out keywords related to Reta Kar’iha, Yu IlHan observed the changes in the black aura. The keyword attack was very effective! Every time Yu IlHan said a word, the Eternal Flame burned brighter and the black silhouette was gradually losing power.

“War, many against one, critical, ambush?”

Yu IlHan had muttered out all the words related to Reta Kar’iha, but concludingly, it was useless work.

The black aura didn’t require that much deductive power. Just mentioning Reta Kar’iha and her abilities was enough to bring out enough changes in the aura.

“Loner, woman, deathgod, heh!”

And the final moment came. Seemingly not wanting to listen to any more of Yu IlHan’s words, or seemingly having enough, the black silhouette completely left the reaper’s scythe and even the furnace.

“Ah.”

The black aura seemed to flow around in the air before being absorbed into Reta Kar’iha’s magic stone that Yu IlHan had left on the side.

The already extraordinary magic stone started emitting an even stranger black light after completely absorbing the black aura. It really seemed delicious.

“Good, it’s melting.”

Of course, Yu IlHan couldn’t care less about that. He just smiled in pride, looking at the melting scythe.

Around that time, guests entered his workshop, but since Yu IlHan was concentrating on the melting scythe, he didn’t notice the uninvited guests. It was a truly marvelous concentration.

“No, don’t you eat it. Yes. That way.”

He set the basic form by solidifying the molten metal on a mold, and before it completely solidified, he started metalworking.

Although he did prepare for it, that metal had incomparably higher hardness than Big Metal Hearts. It was as if saying that it won’t be swayed by Yu IlHan’s needs even if it died, since Yu IlHan had ruined the original form.

“Eat some more magic stone.”

However, regarding stubbornness, Yu IlHan wasn’t inferior. He could only do it until it works if it doesn’t work! He just threw another magic stone into the furnace and mercilessly melted the metal before hammering it.

This should have been the first time he had worked for so long after he had made the steel spear. However, as Yu IlHan was a pervert, he was a type that would burn stronger the stronger the enemy was. The metal’s stubbornness would only ignite Yu IlHan’s stubbornness more!

In the end, the metal slowly started changing according to Yu IlHan’s will.

[So he’s processing that as well. Although, I did foresee this when he was working with harkanium.]

[So cool.]

[Hmph.]

Whatever the uninvited guests were saying, it didn’t enter Yu IlHan’s ears. If he noticed them, then he wouldn’t have been able to concentrate on work.

How much time passed since he had started hammering the metal? First, the spear body lengthened and the spearhead seemed to be formed, before the blades were sharpened, and the spear body was polished.

In front of Yu IlHan’s eyes, a spear emitting black light from its spear body to the spear head, was born. The sharpness was so sharp that it seemed that one would get cut if one just put one’s hand close to the blade.

[Extermination Spiked Spear]

[Rank – Legend]

[Attack Power – 3,700]

[Options – Critical hit damage increases by 70%]

[Durability – 3,100/3,100]

[A master weapon made by Earth’s best weapon smith by melting a weapon from another world. It is not completed yet.]

“Now, even the weapon information is reading my mind.”

That was true. This weapon would only be completed by using mana crafting with Reta Kar’iha’s magic stone.

Even at this moment, Yu IlHan felt that the black aura, which was absorbed by the magic stone, was staring at him. He had snapped its stubbornness and changed the weapon’s form so shouldn’t he listen to that amount of stubbornness?

Yu IlHan was planning to go into mana crafting immediately, but since one process of the work was done, his concentration ended up slacking a little. Thanks to that, he realized one thing.

In his workshop, which should be impregnable by humans due to the barrier set up by angels when he worked with harkanium, he could feel two existences other than himself.

Moreover, he could smell a familiar fragrant from one of them. A very familiar, and at the same time, the fragrance that he longed for.

At that moment, he couldn’t not remember the words that the armored angel had said.

“Fuu.”

Thinking that the foreshadow had been taken back too quickly, Yu IlHan stood up while scratching his head, and turned back. At that place were an angel with a bright smile and another angel with a sour face.

The two figures that he had exactly predicted.

[We’re back.]

[I’m back!]

Same answer, different meaning. He stared blankly since he didn’t know what expression he should have made, but in the end, he smiled as his emotions told him to. Then, he quietly said:

“Welcome, uninvited guests.”



Chapter 51

Two angels coming to Yu IlHan’s workshop was perhaps a natural thing. That was because when many guardian angels were dispatched to Earth as the result of the angel’s conference, and the question about what will become of the angels that Yu IlHan was with, had come out.

Of course, the one to suggest was Lita, and the chairman, Myuta could only give her the answer she wanted even despite knowing her intentions.

Yes. To increase the rewards, Yu IlHan had an extra angel in charge of him now.

“To think the number of luggage increased to two.”

[What do you mean luggage! Why are you saying such things even though we haven’t met in such a long time?](Lita)

“It’s only been two months though…… Anyway, Lita, I heard my dropout period was a thousand years?”

[Flinch.](Lita)

Lita avoided Yu IlHan’s sharp gaze and turned her gaze away.

Although she didn’t say it to protect Yu IlHan’s mentality, and Yu IlHan didn’t look back to the time, she couldn’t not feel bad about shutting up about it.

[Yu IlHan, since you’re directly related to this incident, you have the right to know about the conference that occurred in Heaven. Would you like to listen to the details?](Erta)

“Go on.”

While Lita was kneeling and putting her hands up in the air for her sin of deceiving Yu IlHan of the time, Erta told Yu IlHan what happened in the conference in Heaven.

In truth, Yu IlHan was the strongest candidate that Heaven had to draw in, so their way of treating him had slightly changed.

[As such, a large scale support will be dispatched to Earth. However, even with that, Earth will go through a harsh time.](Erta)

“So, in conclusion, you guys don’t know that much, but it is likely that the same thing will occur again in the future?”

[That is so.](Erta)

“How useless.”

[Right. You can also see that from how we left you alone for one thousand years.]

“Wao.”

She agreed!? Yu IlHan became shocked.

[We’re looking at you as a potential ally. So the need to exaggerate our powers uselessly have disappeared. I wonder if you forgot, but you saved my life. At that moment, the relationship between you and Heaven changed a lot.](Erta)

“Oh, yeah. Give me the rewards. Rewards. Attach a rot-proof option on the Cross Bag!”

[Is just that fine with you?](Erta)

“Wao!”

Our Erta has changed! Yu IlHan even thought that this maybe a hidden camera. However, Erta was not joking, and in the end, he suggested to her the thought that he was only thinking about.

“Can’t I temporarily transfer the weight of the Cross Bag into another item?”

[How can you think of such horrifying ideas every time…](Erta)

[Erta, don’t be so close to my IlHan!](Lita)

“Lita, hands up.”

[Yes, sir!](Lita)

Concludingly, it wasn’t very hard to do so. It could even be done with Lita and Erta’s power right now.

Of course, they had to call other angels due to the rot-proof option that he talked about before.

[Cross bag]

[Options –

Spatial expansion

Weight control

Rot-proof

Weight transfer]

“Perfect.”

[It’s good that you like it. Of course, the rewards don’t end with just this.](Erta)

“Erta, are you really alright? You didn’t eat something wrong, right?”

People did not always reject reality when bad things happened. When something was too good to be true, or too happy to be, people doubted reality. Yu IlHan right now was exactly like that.

However, Erta shook her head with a bitter smile.

[So you really can’t get rid of your habit of underevaluating yourself. the things you did this time are worth that much……Lita, now it’s your turn.](Erta)

[Oh, yeah.](Lita)

Why did Lita come up when talking about rewards? Don’t tell me the reward Heaven gave him was Lita!? Looking at Yu IlHan with his pounding heart, Erta clicked her tongue.

[It’s what you think it is.](Erta)

“Didn’t I tell you to stop mind reading every time?”

[IlHan is so cute since his thinking is obvious, right?](Lita)

“Lita, you too!?”

Lita, who was punishing herself until now, stood up and approached him. However, the words that came out of her mouth was a little unexpected.

[You didn’t choose a subclass yet, right?](Lita)

“Eh?”

Yu IlHan finally remembered that he now had the opportunity to acquire a subclass along with the 2nd class advancement. He did remember seeing it the moment he advanced in class, the Rookie Reaper that appeared right after had a huge presence so he forgot about everything else.

Although he was thankful that Lita had reminded him of that, why was that coming out now? Yu IlHan asked in confusion.

“What’s that got to do with the reward?”

[Close your eyes and think of the subclass. Then you’ll know.](Lita)

Yu IlHan obediently did as she said. The next moment, green texts kept appearing on his retina one after the other.

LIke when he was acquiring the main class, his achievements and records were forged as records and were appearing. Starting from blacksmith, cook, carpenter, to enchanter. It was as if all the subclasses in the world were gathered at this place.

However, at the bottom of the list of green text, there was one which emitted white light.

[39. Angel’s Partner]

“What is this? It seems like someone will sue this for copyright infringement.”

[It’s alright. We can just say it’s the combination of commonly used nouns.](Lita)

Around here, Yu IlHan also vaguely realized the identity of the reward that Erta and Lita had talked about. They must have interfered with Yu IlHan’s record. The result was this, Angel’s Partner.

[This is the reward we prepared to help you proactively, and transfer your a part of our power even if we have to restrict our angel powers. It is also a method for a higher existence to bring out his or her own power in an Abandoned World.](Erta)

“You were frustrated cuz you got done in by the Reaper helplessly right?”

[I won’t deny that, but you, who end up facing crisis faster than any other Earthlings, probably need our strength.](Erta)

“No, you angel!”

He denied it desperately, but Yu IlHan also ended up thinking that she was right. Didn’t people say that power called for bigger power? Even though Yu IlHan had avoided God’s eyes so well, strange things occurred wherever he went.

He thought ‘no way’ until now, but it seemed that Yu IlHan had the protagonist curse. A horrifying curse that depletes both his body and mind due to experiencing what other people would experience once or not at all in their entire lives, hundreds and thousands of times!

If he was Conan, then it would be other people who dies, and it will be alright, but isn’t this as if he was being pressured to one-coin-clear a nightmare mode while other people were going through normal mode!

[And if you get this subclass, then whether you earn mana or whatever you can be with me always!](Lita)

In other words, the talk leads to here – Lita can come down to the ground in pretext of Yu IlHan becoming an Angel’s Partner. She really is indirect about it.

Although he also wanted to see Lita about to cry by declaring no, Yu IlHan eventually ended up nodding his head.

“Ok, I’ll do as you say.”

[Yay!]

[No, I said this is a reward for you. It’s not like I want to be with y……](Erta the tsundere)

“What nonsense are you talking about? Do you think I’m crazy to think such things?”

[Although I do feel complex to be rejected so outright.](Erta)

[Pfft.](Lita)

Loner Yu IlHan does not expect emotions towards himself from other people. It was because his base level though was that he would only get hurt if he expected something. He even cut off any possibilities for that as well. Someone might call him a coward, and he would not be able to retort.

He also spent countless years in building up a sibling-like relationship between him and Lita. It was almost impossible to shake him with Erta’s slightly daring words.

He just laughed over Erta’s words as a joke, and selected the Angel’s Partner subclass which was emitting the brightest light amongst the subclasses.

At that moment, a feeling of elevation comparable to when he advanced to 2nd class welled up in his whole body. If the class advancements until now took place in such way that it would increase the abilities in his possession, acquiring a subclass made him feel like a new internal organ was being made.

“I feel sick.”

[You’ll be okay if you endure for a little.](Erta)

[There’s no choice since it’s making a link to a higher existence. Please endure a little.](Lita)

Fortunately, this was not a ‘success or failure’ thing. Like what Lita said, when he waited a little more, a sense of sharing between the two angels, appeared, as if they were in a party.

A strange sense of safety, and a not so bad tension. Yu IlHan ended up laughing.

“Not so bad.”

[Please take care of us from now, IlHan!](Lita)

[Now there won’t be anymore cases where I will become useless luggage like last time.](Erta)

At that moment, waterfalls of texts appeared on his retina.

[You have become Angel’s Partner. You can enter a partnership with a maximum of 2 angels. All abilities increase by 30% when fighting against a Breaker or Undead.]

[You have earned the passive skill, Angel’s Protection. Probability of being inflicted with a fatal hit decreases by 30% and curse resistance increases by 30%. All quest rewards increase by 30%. There is no level with this skill, and you can only raise it by fulfilling certain conditions.]

[You have earned the active skill, Angel’s Support. You are now able to borrow the angels’ power when fighting in an Abandoned World, according to the mastery of the skill. This skill grows faster the more you are around angels, and associate with them.]

[Currently, you’re in a partnership with the angels, Lita and Erta.]

Acquiring special enhancements when fighting Breakers and Undead meant that the Heaven’s Army are proactively enemies with them. Considering that most subclasses have no relation to fighting power, Yu IlHan could be said to have profited a lot.

Angel’s Protection literally felt like a blessing. Although he didn’t know that well since he never was inflicted with a fatal strike, thinking back to how monsters seemed to be in so much pain every time he did a critical hit, it’s good news that the probability of being inflicted with a fatal hit had decreased.

Same with curse resistance and quest rewards. He finally felt that he had received the rewards of his suffering since he got acquainted with angels.

In contrast, Angel’s Support was the method that Erta spoke a little of just a few minutes ago. The counterplan that angels had come up with to prepare against the dungeons related to Abandoned Worlds.

At the same time, being Yu IlHan’s reward, this was a skill to counterplan against when encountering similar situations. Yu IlHan also had no reason to hate it. He didn’t know when he would fall into such a horrifying place again, but if he could borrow a higher existence’s power then that would be enough.

“Hm? Active skill is trainable?”

[Yeah. It’s a skill that grows faster the more you associate with angels.]

Lita lightly replied to his question, but to Yu IlHan, the listener, it didn’t sound so light. To express it, it reminded him of a slow anaconda walking towards its prey within the bushes.

Why? There was no way Lita had any malice against Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan laughed at himself for imagining something nonsensical but in fact, his intuition was spot on. It was just that he was a thousand year old virgin and could not see through the identity of the crisis that he had felt.

[Anyway, we gave you all the rewards. Please take care of us from now too, Yu IlHan.](Erta)

[Since we met after such a long time, let’s play!]

Erta’s calm voice and Lita’s playful voice harmonized and hit Yu IlHan’s eardrums. As he felt better now, since he had acquired a new, and good, skill, he made a refreshing smile and spoke.

“Okay, after I finish mana crafting on the spike spear, make the harpoons, and refine the trolls’ blood!”

[It’s that work again!]

Even though he had met Lita he longed to meet so much, this was the moment when Yu IlHan’s workaholic characteristic to finish his work first, had activated.



Chapter 52

Only half of Yu IlHan’s work had finished. He didn’t even go through mana crafting on the extermination spike spear, didn’t make a harpoon set for hunting large scale monsters, and didn’t refine the troll’s blood he piled up in the Cross Bag using a special container!

[This villain! Workaholic! Middle-aged head of household! Baldie!](Lita)

[Lita, I don’t think he’s listening to you anymore.](Erta)

Leaving aside Lita, who had so many things she wanted to do with Yu IlHan upon returning, Yu IlHan continued working.

No, in fact, it was also because Yu IlHan came up with the conclusion to finish working first before thinking about what to do, since he didn’t know what to say to her, now that they met again so suddenly. Really, at this point, he could be considered an exceptional workaholic.

“That’s why I said I’ll do what you want.”

He immediately went into mana crafting. The most important thing was to draw out all of the power from the magic stone, fill them all in the spike spear, and make it blossom in the direction Yu IlHan wants.

Currently, the variable was that there was an unidentifiable will dwelling in the magic stone, but perhaps fortunately, Yu IlHan also possessed a similar fighting style to the past Reta Kar’iha.

The characteristics of the magic stone and Yu IlHan’s characteristics matched, and even the characteristics of their weapons matched, so there was no need to doubt the results of the mana crafting.

[Can’t IlHan not use mana? But why is he so proficient in mana crafting?](Lita)

[Since there was the Heaven’s quest.](Erta)

Even while the two angels were whispering to each other while looking at Yu IlHan working, the mana crafting process itself was progressing smoothly.

the magic stone’s aura which sparked everywhere like an adolescent, was a little annoying, but the near level 30 skill showed its might. It gathered all the sparked aura and concentrated it on the spear!

‘Like how you want, bring out all the abilities of the deathgod!’

The spike spear started emitting brilliant light. The ever-so-violent black aura dwelled in the spike spear perfectly, and emitted violent mana as if it had found what it should do.

All Yu IlHan needed to do was to help it dwell in the spear properly, and help the spear to digest its power completely.

The results came out soon. The black aura, which realized that Yu IlHan was helping him, proactively spread its power throughout the spear and blossomed it according to Yu IlHan’s lead.

To bring out all the power of the records that Reta Kar’iha possessed.

To make Yu IlHan, who now walked on a similar path as her, to shine brighter by accepting the traces of her!

The light soon disappeared. Yu IlHan stared holes at the spear until the change was completely finished, and only after all the process was done did he grab it.

[Dark Deathgod’s Dragon-exterminating Spike Spear was completed.]

[Dark Deathgod’s Dragon-exterminating Spike Spear]

[Rank – Legend]

[Attack Power – 4,000]

[User Restrictions – the ones who possess the power of deathgod]

[Options –

Attack power, critical hit rate, and critical damage increases by 30% in a surprise attack

All effectiveness of deathgod’s skills increase by 30%

Critical hit rate and damage increases by 150% when fighting against dragonkin.

[Durability – 3,200/3,200]

[A spear reborn after a strong resentment and an undirected will of vengeance was sharply refined by a master smith. The blade of vengeance will forever wait for the moment it severs a dragon’s head.]

“Huh?”

Yu IlHan doubted his two eyes.

“Dragon?”

[Dragon?]

[Did you say dragon?]

“No, this option wasn’t here originally.”

As he was so dumbfounded, Yu IlHan couldn’t even speak properly. Although he was pleasantly surprised with the newly attached alpha option when mana crafted, the critical hit damage option which would be the finisher, had changed into a strange, other option, which made him dumbfounded.

What? He had no memories at all of anything related to dragons after meeting with Reta Kar’iha, but why did a suspicious option of ‘dragon-exterminating’ or whatever suspicious option on a completed artifact!

[This… I think you pulled out the records a bit too much.](Lita)

[Dragon-exterminating, you say… It seems Reta Kar’iha’s world got done in by dragons.]

Lita and Erta, who checked the spear’s information by grabbing it, quickly came to a conclusion. As Yu IlHan’s head also worked fast, he could realize what they were saying quickly.

“You mean it became like this since the mana crafting was too successful?”

[Yeah, you should have held back a little.](Lita)

[Even so, dragonkin… It’s unknown how far into the future you’ll confront them.]

That was natural, weren’t they the race which ruined an entire world? No matter how much Yu IlHan’s power had exceeded his league, in the end, he was a 2nd class without the ability to use mana. To fight against dragons on equal footing, he would have to acquire his 3rd class at the very least.

Since the monstrous value of critical hit rate of 70% had changed like this, the shock Yu IlHan received was unspeakable.

[Don’t be too dejected. Dragonkins are in every world. There will come a time you would have to confront them, and this weapon will become a big strength to you!](Erta)

[But dragonkin are at least 3rd class, right? Shouldn’t he run away the first thing he sees them?](Lita)

“No, Lita, Erta. You girls are not on point.”

Hearing Yu IlHan’s words, Lita and Erta both made a question mark. To the two foolish angels, who did not realize anything at all, Yu IlHan declared while uselessly posing himself.

“The fact that I acquired a weapon to confront dragonkin right now, is foreshadowing that I will have to confront them soon! The reason I despaired was because I, who is still weak, will have to fight against dragonkin soon!”

[Eh, now that you say it!?](Erta)

[There’s no way that’s true.](Lita)

Erta’s and Lita’s reactions were completely opposite, but Yu IlHan didn’t mind. It was because he was busy thinking what to do from now.

“First, should I attach dragon-specific options onto the harpoon set? But how do I even attach them!?”

[Calm down, Yu IlHan. The right options will come out somehow if you have the will!]

[Wha, why are you going along with Yu IlHan’s foolish jokes!?]

The one who prepares for the situation, the one who understands the situation, and the one who was not able to interpret the situation was in the same place.

Yu IlHan pulled out all the ribs of the highland troll boss and made a set of 24 harpoons. Whatever Yu IlHan was thinking, his work had some kind of charm which grabbed attention, and both Erta and Lita would be mesmerized by those scenes at those moments.

Next, with the 2nd class magic stones, which almost ran out because of making the spike spear, he started mana crafting on the harpoon set.

The leather rope that was made by the troll boss’ skin had good durability to the point that even if Reta Kar’iha appeared again, she would not be able to cut it. As such, he didn’t see the need to make it tougher. So, the thing Yu IlHan focused on was how long the pillar would hold out when nailed into the ground, and how effectively the harpoon will bind the enemies when it pierces them.

“And dragonkin at that too!”

[I said you don’t need to worry too much?](Lita)

[Yu IlHan, I will transfer the image of a dragonkin into your brain directly. Think up of their image properly, and imagine that the harpoons you throw will bind them effectively!]

Becoming an angel’s partner helped him out in situations like these. Although it was only to the point of being able to replay the dragon’s image in his head, Yu IlHan, who confronted countless life forms in learning dismantling, could quickly point out their characteristics successfully.

What was left was to make the harpoons to kill them properly!

[LIke I said, I’m not quite accepting the situation!](Lita)

Regardless of whether Lita accepted it or not, Yu IlHan and Erta’s cooperative work progressed smoothly. When the situation became like that Lita also thought ‘Did IlHan have the power to foresee?’ and watched them. In fact, it was because she hated to be teased by Erta and Yu IlHan if she got angry with them for nothing.

[Tenacious Dragonhunter’s Harpoon Set]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power – 2,800]

[Options – 40% increase in maintainability of the harpoon and the pillars. 30% increase in effectiveness when confronting dragonkin]

[Durability – 3,500/3,500]

[A set of harpoons optimized for binding dragons. If this is in the hands of a proper dragonhunter, it will bring out enormous power.]

Despite not having met any dragons whatsoever, the power of the harpoons that Yu IlHan made were absurd. If someone else saw it, that person would misrecognize it as a master-weapon made by a blacksmith who fought with dragonkin at the front lines.

Even though Yu IlHan had mana crafted with the image that Erta sent him, too!

“Then now it’s troll’s blood.”

[Yes, do it quickly. Finish it quickly.](Lita)

Now, Lita was almost begging. However, even while laughing at her cuteness, Yu IlHan didn’t stop.

That was boiling the troll’s blood to get rid of the impurities, and adding spices to make it more delicious. Unlike the previous work, this was closer to cooking rather than metalworking, and he didn’t stop until he boiled all the troll’s blood. Yu IlHan put a truly enormous amount of effort into this. It was as if he was doing alchemy and not cooking.

“Let’s call this bloodrink.”

[You just thought it was a good name didn’t you?](Erta)

[You have a good naming sense!]

“Fuu, Lita understands me.”

At that moment, sparks erupted between Lita and Erta. This was the moment where two angels met as rivals with Yu IlHan in between. Although, the direction they were going in, was slightly weird.

Of course, the thousand-year virgin Yu IlHan didn’t mind that and kept boiling the blood. Yu IlHan didn’t plan to use this just as a potion. He had a grander plan. At that point, both Lita and Erta would be shocked.

He differentiated the troll boss’ blood from the rest! He put that in another container. Normal potion and high potion, this was like the difference between normal coffee and an espresso.

When he finished everything, morning was dawning. Looking at the rising sun, he stretched his two arms. When else would he be so proud!

“Fuu, I’m tired.”

[Are you going to play with me now?](Lita)

[Yu IlHan needs rest. Lita, although I understand that you’re delighted to meet him again, how about we give him some time?](Erta)

Sparks erupted again. the under-the-surface war between angels were becoming serious while Yu IlHan was unaware of it.

However, the next moment, Yu IlHan smiled and shook his head.

“No, I’m alright. Let’s play, Lita. And you too, Erta.”

[Me too, you say?]

Lita, who spent countless years longer than her, with Yu IlHan was there. Erta, who naturally expected to be cast out, ended up being slightly touched after hearing Yu IlHan’s words.

[I don’t think we need her.]

“Lita, it’s not good to fight.”

Yu IlHan said words of scolding, which was rare. As he didn’t expect any interest from another person, Yu IlHan didn’t give them any either. As such, the fact that he scolded someone was very rare, and Lita received a big shock.

[I, I’m sorry. I was bad.]

“I’m not saying that you’re bad. I’m just saying that you mustn’t fight amongst yourselves.”

That should have been perfect, but Yu IlHan made a useless remark with a refreshing smile.

“The angel’s support skill would grow faster if I play with the two of you!”

[……]

[……]

Those words were as if they came out of a boy who just entered elementary school, but they were also words that saw through the essence of angel’s partner subclass.

Yes. Yu IlHan had become used to his subclass completely opposite to what Lita was intending to, but exceptionally well!



Chapter 53

All the things related to the Abandoned World were not told to anyone else other than the ones in the dungeon at that time. People considered that Earth was now going back on the right path, and were making rules befitting of the new world, one by one.

As the government had already claimed, they made an official ability user organization and even named it ‘Suppression’, but apart from the military soldiers who had high potential, there weren’t that many who wanted to belong to ‘Suppression’ amongst the civilians.

It was good that they were treated as civil servants, but as they were restricted in their actions, they could not level up as they wanted, and even if they fought monsters, it wasn’t like they would own all the monster byproducts, and that didn’t mean that they were safer than other ability users.

Decisively, the Korean won wasn’t an attractive currency now. The government had set the direction wrong.

The government tried to provide the people belonging to ‘Suppression’ benefits such as transport and lodging, and at the same time, give some penalties to the ones who don’t belong to it, that was their worst choice possible. When the public criticized the government in regards to dungeon entrance and exchanging of monster byproducts, the people started thinking of leaving Korea.

There were many countries that wanted talented people. There were also several countries that knew how much profit they would receive just with a strong person in their country. They, in contrast to Korea, provided lax restrictions and stronger benefits and snatched the exceptional ability users.

The Korean government, which realized the fact that relying on patriotism was wrong, a little too late, also started benchmarking the ways that other countries managed their ability users, and exactly 75 days after the Great Cataclysm, a new ability user organization was raised in the republic of Korea.

That was the birth of the Korean Special Ability Management Bureau.

It wasn’t only Yu IlHan on Earth who could mana craft and give birth to artifacts. Also, as people excluding Yu IlHan could regularly go to other worlds, they can acquire artifacts from there as well.

The Korean government bought a lot of large-scale artifacts like what other organizations in other countries did. This was the artifact to judge the user’s job, and measure the amount of mana.

The Special Ability Management Bureau used those two as a standard to divide the ranks of the ability users from A to F, and gave the ability users from A to D ranks some amount of money, more than pocket money, but less than a salary, according to their ranks.

As almost all the people in Korea were ability users, even excluding F and E ranks who did not even acquire their first class, it could be said to be an enormous investment.

Of course, it wouldn’t just end with giving out the money, and they gave out communication devices according to the ranks of the ability users. It was to request help from the ability users to confront monsters matching their ability, if a monster appears outside the dungeon.

Accepting the request wasn’t compulsory, and people even received rewards if they accepted. Of course, if they kept ignoring the requests, their ‘salary’ would not be supplied anymore.

The people, who thought that there was no reason to refuse if it’s such a little amount of interference, finally checked their ability in the Special Ability Management Bureau.

The control of ability users that other countries didn’t even try. The Korean government only could set up a trade-relationship between them after they painfully realized that they couldn’t forcibly control them.

Meanwhile, the business companies were much wiser than the government. They used an enormous sum and comfort as compensation to invite ability users and made a group. They didn’t only look at fighting power. Smithing or mana crafting, searching, etc – They welcomed ability users from many different fields.

They researched into the special currencies and materials that could be acquired from other worlds and checked if there was any way to apply it to business on Earth. They held conferences after conferences in order to find out how to use the dungeons on Earth to acquire profit; and to discuss which business they should decrease and which they should invest in.

As new materials appeared on Earth, almost all production industry became active, and even amongst those, architecture, which was strongly supported by the government, became a hot issue. First, big businesses and the government buildings changed their appearance.

The law, the society, the buildings, the people – all things changed to fit a new society. These kind of things were occurring not just in Korea, but in every parts of the world. The history of humanity had started progressing again.

Excluding Yu IlHan, that is.

[IlHan, aren’t you gonna check your ability?](Lita)

“Make me able to wield mana, then I’ll do it.”

[Such ranks for ability users are meaningless for Yu IlHan. He could just use concealment to bypass the places that require such things.](Erta)

“Like I said, if I become able to use mana, then such things won’t have to happen!”

The petite version Lita and Erta teased Yu IlHan side by side, on Yu IlHan’s head. Yu IlHan grumbled a lot, but as they were so cute doing that, even Yu IlHan did not realize that he was being teased.

Yu IlHan was currently watching an interview of the first man to be judged as an A rank within the country, on TV. Coincidentally, Yu IlHan remembered meeting that person.

[Mr. Do Woojoon. You’ve received the first A rank in Korea. How do you feel?]

[Not that good. Since I know that there are stronger ones above me. Empress and Sungdaein Bolt. The two must be going ahead of me right now.] 

Yu IlHan spat out the coffee he was drinking. To think there was still a person who called him by that nickname!

[I’m not planning to be satisfied and stay in the A rank. I only just finished my 2nd class advancement. People at my level are everywhere in other worlds as well. Moreover, as higher-tier monsters are appearing on Earth right now, we cannot be careless or stop progressing.]

Even so, he was reasonable with his words. Yu IlHan was slightly worried since he saw the first signs of a hero complex, but if it didn’t relate to him, then he couldn’t care less.

[Many things that did not occur in other worlds are occurring here in Korea. We cannot be relieved with the dungeons. We need to be aware that crisis can occur whenever, in a form that we’re not expecting.]

Yu IlHan thought the same. Even though humanity had learnt the world-adaptation manual in other worlds, the things occurring on Earth right now were full of the unknown, and the one to solve them is the dropout Yu IlHan!

That’s why Yu IlHan is so tired. Life was truly unfair.

Moreover, seeing that a man saying such things had appeared on TV, he thought that something big will happen soon and turned off the TV.

“I want to learn to wield mana faster. Did the efficiency really increase by 2 times?”

[Can’t you feel mana squirming in your body? It should be no joke since two angels are attached to you.](Lita)

[Even if you put out an arm and attempt to summon the Dark Flame Dragon, you cannot use mana. That moment would come by itself, naturally, so you don’t need to worry so much.](Erta)

Yu IlHan quietly retracted his arm. It wasn’t that he couldn’t feel mana. As he was completely aware of his physical body, he could feel the seed of mana which sprouted in his heart, since the Great Cataclysm.

The problem was using it. Even though he could feel mana was squirming, and moving around in his body, he could not move it by his will.

Like how the wingless humans do not immediately become capable of flight after they’re given a pair of wings, Yu IlHan also had a hard time adapting to mana.

According to Erta’s words, he would be able to use it in at most 5 months from now. So he just needed to endure until then.

“Fuu, that’s long. I think I’ll definitely go to another Abandoned World two or three times before that.”

[Don’t make such unpleasant predictions!](Erta)

At that time when Erta screamed, Lita carefully suggested.

[If it doesn’t work, should we attach ourselves to each other even more?](Lita)

“More, how?”

[So my IlHan doesn’t know yet. But that’s alright. This noona knows a lit%$#$%^&.]

At that moment Erta blocked Lita’s mouth.

[Yu IlHan, do not mind it much. It’s just that Lita had joked around since you were so dejected.](Erta)

[#$%, @$*@&!]

While the thousand-year virgin Yu IlHan was tilting his head as he could not realize it, Erta whispered to Lita using the angel’s ring with a frown on her face.

[A higher existence must not get into a relationship with a lower existence!](Erta)

[It’s alright. It’s not crime if I don’t get found out!](Lita)

[Should I report to the higher-ups? You didn’t forget how you were able to come back down on Earth right!](Erta)

[Kuhk, you viper! Do you think I don’t know what you’re thinking?[(Lita)

[Hmph, I’m just following the law. The law!](Erta)

Yu IlHan, who did not know what kind of frightening words were passed between the angels, was earnestly checking what he needed to do in the future.

He completely finished making things with the items he acquired in the dungeon, made up for the 2 months he was apart from Lita, and also got rid of his fatigue.

Yu IlHan, who was a pervert for liking work more than rolling around in bed, was organizing the things he needed to do in the future, one by one.

“I should earn some money first.”

[I thought you had no material desires.]

“I want to expand the workshop, and seeing as I’m with the two of you, it’ll be better if I become independent from my parents, and to do that, I need money.”

Although he thought about independence deeply, he thought that living with his parents in the same house would instead make them more uncomfortable since his living pattern would become different.

He had already talked this over with his parents. Yu IlHan offered his parents to go to a bigger and wider house, but the two didn’t seem to care.

Well, even though Yu IlHan had suggested his father to stop his work, showing him the money he earned nonchalantly, his father did not flinch. Since it wasn’t good to interfere with their views on life too much, Yu IlHan gave up around there.

“Next, it is also something I can do parallel to the first objective, but I need to spread some good quality armor and weapons on the market.”

[So you’re saying that you’ll upgrade their gears while earning money.]

“Yeah. Honestly, the quality of the things that the people are wearing now are too low. They’re just trash.”

This was the moment where the rewards that people of Earth acquired after completing difficult quests in other worlds, were treated as trash. Well, to Yu IlHan, who became proficient in smithing and other techniques in making armor and weapons, they could only be seen as such.

Of course, the reason Yu IlHan is trying to upgrade the level of gear of the people was extremely simple. It was because he was annoyed that he alone had to solve the crisis in Korea, or on Earth.

Although it was true that everywhere Yu IlHan went were either dangerous or will become dangerous, with the current levels of the people, just another shadow leopard would cause tens or hundreds of human damage.

That weak shadow leopard was like that, and if Reta Kar’iha suddenly appeared in the middle of the capital? Yu IlHan thought that about 100,000 would suffer.

“Even if I mass produce the ones on the level on the leather armor I used before, and sell them to ‘Suppression’, the country’s fighting power would increase by at least 20%”

The reason he mentioned ‘Suppression’ was simple. First, ‘Suppression’ was the busiest in moving around to protect the safety of the people, and second, they were practically the most pitiful people in Korea right now.

As for how pitiful they were, they stepped out grandly, but as they were forgotten by all, they had no fame nor power, and were directly subordinate to the country, and didn’t even have a good fighting power and their work conditions were not good as well, and as the Special Ability Mangement Bureau appeared, they became even more forgotten, but the country was not planning to let them go.

As such, all normal ability users belonging to ‘Suppression’ ran away to other countries, and in the end, military solider ability users, who could not get out if they wanted to, were left. If the work conditions became even worse than now, they they might probably risk it all and run away to foreign countires.

People called ‘Suppression’, ‘Depression’. That was because all the people belonging to Suppression were always making faces as if they were about to die. Although it was unknown who called that first, it was a truly marvelous naming.

As such, Yu IlHan wanted to help them. Although he wasn’t planning to give them out for free, if they are ones that are ignored and be rejected by others, then they were sufficiently qualified to be helped out by him.

[20%, you say?](Erta)

“Yeah.”

Of course, if someone who did not know him heard that, then that person would say his pride had become arrogance and was piercing through the skies, but Erta and Lita, who were well aware of Yu IlHan’s ability, shook their heads.

[I say 50%, though?](Lita)

[If we give them basic weapons, then it would increase by 70%.](Erta)

“You’re good at joking.”

Concluding with a single sentence, Yu IlHan thought of another person to give a weapon to.

“Then next is the Empress.”

[Why does that woman come up here?](Erta)

[Huh? Woman?](Lita)

Not sensing the rebellious tone that was in Erta’s voice, Yu IlHan continued speaking.

“Her weapon looked quite weak. Not to mention her armor. I think she will fly all over the place if I give her a good one.”

[I don’t think there will come a time where she would be in danger.](Erta)

“But like this, she wouldn’t become of help at crucial times. She’s out of gas after a single strike.”

The strongest of Korea, and one that is receiving attention from the whole world. There was a person who said that such a person wasn’t of help, right in this place. Following that, Erta could not deny his words and ended up nodding her head.

[That’s true.](Erta)

[Wait, a woman? What woman?]

“Should I try contacting her?”

Yu IlHan would show frightening activeness once he decided on something. He kept aside ‘Suppression’ since there was no way for him to contact them, but when he decided that he would sell an item to the Empress, he stood up straight away.

While Erta clicked her tongue and Lita was frowning, when Yu IlHan’s phone rang 3 times, Kang MiRae accepted the call.

-It has been a while. What is it?

A cool voice which makes the listener calm down. Yu IlHan, who knew that she becomes high in fighting, found such a gap interesting and took out the main topic immediately.

“A weapon, do you have any thoughts in buying any?”

[A weapon you say… Did you acquire a mage-specific artifact or something?]

“As you probably know from my equipment when you saw me last time, I have quite a good relationship with someone who makes good gear.”

The sadness of making a non-existent acquaintance is only known to those who did it. The feeling of tragedy and despair that one would not be able to go any lower as a human!

The lie right now was to hide his exceptional ability, but even so, it had an impact on his heart.

The Empress reacted soon.

[However, I’m using a rare-rank weapon right now, as well.]

“Unique or above for both weapon and armor. And if I could bring out your characteristics, miss Kang MiRae, then what do you think?”

The Empress replied immediately.

[Can I request you of YuNa’s and my brother’s? If it’s compensation I will bring out anything.]

This was the moment where the trade became bigger than he expected.



Chapter 54

To think she’d mention YuNa and big brother without anything else… thinking that it may have been such a tempting offer, Yu IlHan laughed.

Yu IlHan and Kang MiRae had not talked about Na YuNa and Kang HaJin as of yet.

“It seems you’ve heard from them.”

[I wanted to thank you after I got to know that you’ve saved them, but since I judged that it would be inappropriate to do it over the phone, I was hesitating.]

That seemed to mean that she needed to meet up with him to thank him. Thinking that she was really an interesting person, Yu IlHan replied.

“If you give me a suitable compensation, then I have no reason to refuse. But I’m not so sure about magic, but I have no idea on how to amplify holy powers.”

[I will talk to YuNa about it. Breya, that’s the world she went to, and it probably has the materials to raise holy power.]

“Then I will request the smith as soon as I gather the materials for yours, miss Kang MiRae. I will consider it if you want any specific details.”

[Khm. If you have the time, then it will be better if we meet up to talk about it. I’m fine with right now too.]

Yu IlHan thought about it for a moment before nodding his head. He wasn’t that busy since he had evolved the Resting skill and advanced to his 2nd class.

“Very well then.”

After finishing the call, Yu IlHan washed himself and clothed himself. As always, he wore the decolorized jeans, and a leather jacket(this looked quite cool since it was made from the Highland Troll Boss’ skin.), then wore the newly repaired wolf skull mask. When Lita saw that, she heaved a sigh of relief.

[Phew, it seems you aren’t going on a date, looking at you like that.]

“That’s strange, I’m definitely not going on a date, but something’s boiling inside me now that I heard those words.”

Not to mention dates, Yu IlHan had never gone outside with any woman, for his entire life. No one recognized him anyway so there was no need for him to change clothes every day either. Since he wore a fixed set of clothing per season, he looked like [Friend A] from a stereotypical fantasy game.

Even so, that guy was at least friends with a main character from a game, but Yu IlHan had none of that. How blessed was the life inside a game, where they could count friends with ABC!

Meanwhile, Kang MiRae showed that she was extraordinary starting from her choice of venue. It was a high-class tea shop, where each group of customers were given rooms, and where Yu IlHan had never set foot inside before.

No, in fact, whether it’s high-class or normal, Yu IlHan had no friends so he never went to a café before anyway.

Yu IlHan arrived at the place, but the shop employees could not find his figure, so he could not be guided by them, but since he was too used to it, it didn’t even make him angry. Only after tapping the counter several times could he be guided into the room where Kang MiRae waited for him.

“Hello, it’s been a while.”

“Hello……Ah.”

Surprisingly, Kang MiRae faced him with her mask off. Her beauty, although it wasn’t as much as Na YuNa’s, who threatened those of higher existences’, despite being a lower one, with her neat and dignified aura, she was a beauty who gave an impression of proudness. Of course, to the mentally dysfunctile Yu IlHan, it could not affect him whatsoever.

“You do not have to take off your mask. I only took mine off to show you that I have nothing to hide from you. However, my trust and your trust doesn’t necessarily have to be on the same level. I’m giving you respect including that.”

“As you wish.”

The angels were wary against her, thinking that she was having black thoughts, but Kang MiRae herself just went straight into topic as soon as Yu IlHan sat down.

“You do know that mage’s weapons are different starting from the materials, right?”

“Yes.”

In fact, he didn’t know that, but he would ask the angels anyway, so that didn’t matter. She nodded at Yu IlHan’s acknowledgement and continued speaking.

“In fact, I was looking into various things to make a new weapon. However, rather than the blacksmithing skill or other productive skills, the mana crafting ability needs to be high in order to make a mage’s weapon. With my connections, I was hard pressed to find anyone with a level 20 mana crafting or above.”

“29.”

Level 20 was nothing. It was achievable with just making only tens of Traps of Destruction. The moment she heard his answer, Kang MiRae gripped her fists tight under the table. Her mouth was also curved into a smile.

“A basic increase in magic attack and an increase in lightning magic. These two are my two basic requirements. On top of that, if there’s another option attached, then it will help me out a lot in the future……”

“In other words, you also want a beta option?”

“It’s not compulsory. Beta options aren’t that easy to find.”

Although she said that, Kang MiRae’s eyes were glistening. After finding out the ‘smith that Yu IlHan was connected to’ had a level 29 mana crafting, her expectations were increasing.

Thinking that she had quite a cute side unlike her cold impression, Yu IlHan replied.

“Then shall I hear about that? To make a beta option that you want to have if there is one.”

“The decrease in magic skill reuse delay.”

At once, it turned into a game talk.

“The Palace Magic Chief of Palladia empire had a unique-rank staff, and the option attached to that staff was the decrease in magic skill reuse delay. With that ability, when he killed a 4th class monster alone… I still cannot forget the overwhelming scene.”

“Oh, okay.”

“Of course, it’s just a wish. I don’t want such an absurd option, so please just consider it.”

Whether it’s the passion contained in her words, or her shining expression, it wasn’t just that much, but Yu IlHan decided not to retort. Moreover, he was thinking of a beta option as the basics, so he was confident in satisfying her puffed up wish.

While Yu IlHan was writing down Kang MiRae’s requirements, she asked in careful tone.

“You also said this over the phone, but can you make a robe for a mage?”

“Of course.”

“The materials don’t matter whether it’s cloth or leather, but if possible, I want an option to increase magic ability. The robe I’m wearing right now also has that ability, so if the results are lower than that, I would have to apologize but I won’t trade.”

“That much is obvious. If there’s a beta option, then what would it be…?”

“The robe too!? According to the legends of the Magic Empire, Illta, the robe that the hero was wearing had an option to increase magic recovery. No, it’s not like I want such an exaggerated option……!”

Yu IlHan had to listen to a 5 minute sermon of how great that hero was, from her. Perhaps, the fact that she became a lightning magician was not related to her aptitude, but the heart of a legendary hero-admiring little girl – Yu IlHan carefully threw away that delusion.

Next came the negotiation of price. How much should be call? Was a billion won (≈870,000USD) for the combined price of the staff and the robe too expensive? But it wasn’t like a smith at the level of Yu IlHan could be seen easily, so couldn’t he just ask for that much? She might not have that amount of cash so should he ask for another thing?

While Yu IlHan was rolling his brains, Kang MiRae spoke up.

“Let’s start from 3 billion with the weapon with an alpha option as the basis.”

“Sorry?”

“If somehow a beta option with a decrease in reuse delay appears, then I’ll give you 10 billion even if the magic abilities lack a little. Of course, I can give you more according to the option.”

Yu IlHan lost his words when he heard her words which were in a different scale from his own. She lives in a good environment, she’s not ordinary. He did think that, but he had never thought that she was able to give 10 billion won for a single weapon.

Kang MiRae wasn’t just well off. She was extraordinarily well off on an earthly scale.

“2 billion for the robe. But if it has the beta option I want, then I’ll give you seven. Is it too little? I don’t have a lot of money I can use yet, so if you think it’s too little, then I’ll give you other things as well.”

“No, it’s enough.”

It wasn’t like he had not thought of stripping her whole, at this opportunity, but the things she offered were of too high level, so his greed wasn’t provoked. Just what was the identity of this woman? He just found it absurd.

“I will contact you again about YuNa and my brother’s equipments.”

“Okay, then I’ll request for yours first, miss Kang MiRae. It won’t be long.”

After a clean farwell, the two parted ways. However, as they parted, Yu IlHan’s head was seriously complex.

“Is my ability kinda amazing?”

[To think you’d think about that now, you’re quite amazing as always.](Erta)

[Even when you have seen the absurd amount of results you’ve done until now… You only accept when money is offered, eh?](Lita)

Yu IlHan’s actions, after his eyes flipped the moment he got to know of 15 billion won, changed explosively.

There were two dungeons he had to conquer starting now. Quegna’s dungeon, in which, Quegnae, known for preserving magic power in its bones, were living, and the dungeon where mutated species, due to lightning power being concentrated in it, appeared.

The bones of Quegnae were currently at the top of the pyramid of the materials to make a magic staff as of now on Earth. It was only unfortunate that the dungeon was in China, but as it was in a place that was hard to find by other humans, it was also fortunate that it would be cleared out before he went there.

Fortunately, the dungeon with the mutated species was in Korea, so he headed there first.

“Although I’m slightly bothered by the word mutated, but it should be alright, right?”

[If any dungeons connected to Abandoned Worlds, then Earth would be ruined.](Erta)

[Even the reports of other angels say that there are no dungeons connecting to Abandoned Worlds other than the troll dungeon in which Reta Kar’iha was in. So relax.](Lita)

The angels were guaranteeing themselves, but Yu IlHan would get more and more worried the more they ensured as such. He’d rather believe in the weather forecast than the angels!

Whether she knew what he was thinking or not, Lita only urged him to run faster while grabbing onto his hair.

The mutated species dungeon was in Gangwon-do. When Yu IlHan arrived at the mountain on which the dungeon was located, the sky was already becoming darker.

Yu IlHan found the dungeon, checked the scale of the vortex, and confirmed that there wasn’t a trace of anything around the dungeon before heaving a sigh of relief.

“Good, I saw through it.”

[I already said I won’t tackle that any more.](Erta)

[Just how dramatic of a life did IlHan live to the point that he’s happy to see a normal dungeon? Just what did you do?](Lita)

[It will just make me sadder to talk about it so please don’t touch on that topic, Lita](Erta)

The level requirement for entering the dungeon was level 70 but Yu IlHan was currently with two angels. When they manipulated, the text on his retina instantly changed into 50.

[Change it so that it would change back after IlHan enters, and… done.](Lita)

[Considering the rate of growth that Earth is undergoing, the fact that such a high level dungeon has appeared is not a good thing. It’s way higher compared to the average of other worlds.]

“I decided not to consider that damn ‘average’ the moment I fought the Shadow Leopard.”

After Yu IlHan entered the dungeon with the two angels, the level 50 requirement changed into level 70 again. This was the proof that no outside interferences would be able to affect him. This dungeon was one where he could hunt without worries!

However, at that moment, in China, something which would make Yu IlHan tired again, just as he found an ‘ordinary life’, was occurring.

If the distance was a little far apart, then they would meet at least at a later time, but this was occurring in a nearby dungeon to the Quegna’s dungeon which Yu IlHan would go to after clearing the mutated species dungeon!

“Yes, sir Dakié. The dungeon mutation is going as you ordered. I guarantee that it would be successful this time. There won’t be any interference like last time.”

[Did you find out who that damn seed was? Earth is a precious land. Even I do not want it to be invaded by an Abandoned World.]

“There are a lot of worlds connected to Earth. There might be some idiot who might be thinking something crazy.”

[The moment you confirm that the dimensional connection is successful, then conceal the dungeon immediately. To perfectly connect dimensions, we need a lot of time. You can do that much, right?]

“Of course. We have an exceptional ally on this side.”

After the the interdimensional talk through the artifact was finished, the owner of that voice carefully stood up and grumbled.

“Fuck, I don’t know what suffering I’m going through.”

There was definitely one ‘human’ at this place, but there was a voice which replied to his voice. It was an entity which was floating in the air, with a pair of wings behind the back. A male angel.

[Even though he’s barely on the same boat as a Heavenly power with all the support of the empire, that puny mage think he’s the center of the world. Humans really are disgusting.]

“You’re saying that a historical 4th class mage is puny?”

[HA! Us higher existences exist above 4th class.]

It seemed that bragging about being higher existences were the same with any angel. However, the man snorted when he heard the angel’s words.

“You’re not that different since you’re relying on mere higher existences without being able to do anything by yourselves. Anyway, you’ll conceal the dungeon properly, right?”

[I said relax. Last time, it became like that since something unexpected happened, but concealing a dungeon with just 1st class monsters is nothing. Unless a higher angel comes near here.]

Despite the guarantee of the angel, the man shouted in shock.

“A higher angel? You’re saying we may get discovered by them?”

[You don’t need to worry.]

The male angel declared proudly.

[There are no higher angels who would come down to Earth, which has only gone through its first Great Cataclysm, on their own accord!]

“That’s true. No matter how many things are occurring here on Earth, this is just one of the many lower worlds.”

Earth was just a small well. It was just that the fact that it was connected to many other worlds made it a little special. A small world that’s not damaged, from a bigger world’s view, Earth was just a small world worthy to be treated as a useful colony!

As he realized that, as he wanted a bigger world, the man contracted with a mage from another world. The day that contract was fulfilled, the man would earn the world!

Of course, they did not know…

…that, like there was a damned angel who worked against Heaven, despite belong to it, that there was an angel who came down of her own accord to see a man, despite being of a higher rank.



Chapter 55

Like Lita and Erta said, the monsters appearing inside this dungeon all had the power of lightning.

{Kirrr!}

{Kurrr!}

Monsters that looked like Pidgeotte and Pidgeot numbered the most in the dungeon, and sometimes, a giant bird that looked like a Mega Pidgeot could be seen as well. Of course, there weren’t only avians here but also lightning rats that looked like Pikachu Raichu, which made him worry about copyright infringements, and also lizards, snakes and even bears. 

“This is bad.”

While cleaving a giant lightning rat by swing his deathgod’s dragon-exterminating spike spear, Yu IlHan muttered.

[You have earned 579,839 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 71 Big Lightning Rat.]

“These guys are too weak and I don’t get injured at all.”

[That’s quite the unfortunate matter.](Erta)

[Zzz](Lita)

The first thing he did when he came inside this dungeon was to check the levels of the monsters. He had to do this first in order for his life to not be threatened.

Befitting of a dungeon with level 70 as the restriction, all monsters were above level 70, and some even reached level 80 or 90, but all of them died with a single hit from Yu IlHan’s spear.

Just how was this possible? – if you ask that, it was because of the absurd characteristics of his equipment.

Setting aside the trivial options with his concealment or critical hit rate, and considering just the attack power,

his attack power would increase by 30% and his fighting ability would increase by another 20% due to fighting ‘life’. These were the effects of being a Rookie Reaper.

Due to the option from the spike spear, his attack power would increase by another 30% when doing a surprise attack,

the robe increases his attack power by another 20% in a surprise attack,

and finally his armor increased his attack power by 50% in a surprise attack.

In other words, when he attacks in surprise, he would attack with a 130% increase in attack power. There would be a 20% increase in damage as long as the counterpart was a life form, so, within this dungeon where undead cannot be found, his surprise attack would be 2.5 times powerful!

2.5 times didn’t simply mean the effect of hitting two and a half times.

For example, let’s say that Yu IlHan’s attack power was 1,000, and the defense of the opponent was 500.

The defensive stat would vary according to the state of the armor, and the part where the attack lands, but anyway, when Yu IlHan’s spear successfully lands, the opponent would be inflicted with the amount of attack value that surpassed the defense value, in other words, 500, damage.

If it was just two and a half hits, then it would end with 500 damage being inflicted twice, and would end with 1,000 damage in total, and even calculating by multiplication, it would end at 1,250.

{Kwek!}

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned 776,754 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 82 Lightning Bear]

[You have earned 822,122 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 88 Lightning Bird]

As a finisher, his title, ‘Not two hits nor three hits, but one hit’, gave him 20% more experience when he killed the monsters in a single strike, and even dropped magic stones at a higher rate, so Yu IlHan just had to harvest the experience and the magic stones.

[Now you’re even complaining that you aren’t getting injured? You really are a pervert.](Erta)

“I’m not getting injured so I can’t train my transcendent regeneration.”

[That’s your problem?](Erta)

[Zzz.](Lita)

Of course, once he deployed transcendent regeneration, there was a need for him to rest. However, Yu IlHan was a master of rest; All moments when he’s not in battle was resting time for him, and no matter how much he hunts he could use transcendent regeneration again in just 3 hours.

In the first place, transcendent regeneration didn’t require a mastery of rest for nothing. If one did not master rest, then the prerequisites to use the skill wouldn’t be fulfilled at all.

As it’s such a harsh skill, if he did not train and lower the conditions now, he may have to train it while confronting 4th class monsters. Yu IlHan didn’t want to call that ‘training’ but a ‘life and death battle’.

As such, he decided.

“Oh well, I’ll train the superhuman strength too then.”

In fact, he did have the thought to train transcendent regeneration and superhuman strength parallel, but it was more correct to say that he found it interesting that the monsters were snapped to death one after another, and did not use the skill.

Superhuman strength increased physical abilities for 3 minutes, but once the duration ended, he would be weakened for 10 minutes. no matter how strong Yu IlHan is, he wouldn’t be able to kill monsters over level 80 in a single strike in his weakened state… right?

If then, the monsters would have the chance to counterattack, Yu IlHan would be injured, and he would be able to train the transcendent regeneration. Killing monsters and training skills; there, everyone’s happy!

“Perfect. This really is a perfect plan!”

[Yes, perfect. You’re a perfect pervert!](Erta)

[ZzzZzz.](Lita)

Erta condemned Yu IlHan, who chose the path of suffering, without knowing how he felt. With the poor sleeping ‘beauty’ angel Lita on his head, Yu IlHan charged through the dungeon.

First, he used superhuman strength on purpose to sweep monsters with frightening destructive power for 3 minutes, and waited for the penalty to decrease his abilities.

[Superhuman strength has become level 2.]

[Physical strength decreases by 50% for 9 minutes 50 seconds since the duration of superhuman strength skill has ended.]

People feel more loss the more they have. Yu IlHan, who, not counting mana, had status points that neared the 3rd class, even wanted to lie down right there and rest due to the weakened physical strength.

However, that moment was exactly the moment to move. The conviction that monsters would not be killed by his weakened power was invading him. And coincidentally, there was a strong looking monster nearby. That thing that looked like Mega Pidgeot!

{Kweeek!}

“Good, it really didn’t die!”

{*Kuuuk*}

Only after it allowed a preemptive strike to land did it recognize Yu IlHan’s figure before the giant lightning bird spat out lightning from its mouth with a bizarre sound.

Yu IlHan even got hit by an attack that was fast, but could see the trajectory of, on purpose, while charging. In fact, it was hard to dodge since his muscular power was weakened too!

“Khk, that’s ticklish.”

{Kuruk! Kurururuk!!}

When the attack landed, the lightning bird charged towards him in delight.

On one side, Yu IlHan was confused since its attack did not hurt at all, before he realized that his armor was a legend rank one. Since he either fought monsters that couldn’t even scratch the armor, or those that literally ignored it, he had no chance to see the might of his armor.

“Should I take it off?”

[I’ll get angry.](Erta)

“Tch.”

Yu IlHan seriously considered de-equipping himself, but even for him, in a dungeon where he did not know what would pop out, it was foolish for him to take off his armor. He knew this fact well.

Moreover, no matter how small, isn’t it still an injury? If he got hit 30 more times like this, he would be able to use transcendent regeneration.

“Fuu, Ha!”

{Kuuuk!}

Yu IlHan grabbed the spear with both of his hands, which became slightly numb due to lightning, and charged at the lightning bird. His spear wouldn’t flinch with just a small injury.

The breathing that matched instantly, and the spearhead that struck out in the correct moment! The spear, which looked like it would split the horizon in half, halved the lightning bird.

[You have earned 784,343 experience.]

“Ah, still, it died with two hits.”

[That’s because your abilities would increase by 20% when confronting life. The abilities of a class are important due to that. Rookie Reaper not only increases surprise attack power to the extreme, but is also a good unique class that helps out sufficiently in battle situations. You would also have no problem with fighting undead since Angel’s Partner will support you. Although it’s a coincidence, Rookie Reaper and Angel’s Partner have quite the good affinity.](Erta)

“I should get hit more before the penalty ends.”

[You really are hateful.](Erta)

[Zzz](Lita)

Like that, Yu IlHan kept using superhuman strength, swept the monsters in the 3 minute duration, and fought a hard battle with his weakened strength.

If he fought for 5 minutes with the penalty, he could use transcendent regeneration. However, as mentioned before, transcendent regeneration required rest energy to use, so he couldn’t use it again until he recovered rest energy. Like this, there was no way this would be a proper training session.

At that moment, there was something that Yu IlHan took out from the Cross Bag to drink. It was none other than a portion-pack of bloodrink.

[Ah, why did you take that out at this time!?](Erta)

“Kuuu, rest energy is filling me!”

[What!?](Erta)

[Zzz.](Lita)

The story turns back a little. This was when Yu IlHan pondered on how to train his skill after he came back after defeating Reta Kar’iha.

He could use try&try to somehow train the rest of the skills, but the only skill that weighed on his mind was the transcendent regeneration.

Resting at least 3 hours after using it once… Just considering the skill training requirements, he had to reuse transcendent regeneration for hundreds or thousands of years. There was no way he would do something that useless.

As such, Yu IlHan pondered on how to recover rest energy that would normally be filled with rest, with another method.

The first thing he could think of was Na YuNa’s holy power. However, she wasn’t an item that Yu IlHan could carry around like a battery. Then what else? What came to his mind then was the troll’s blood.

As soon as he thought that, he started making the bloodrink and… it became like now. At least several thousand liters were packed into small portions and were waiting for their consumption within the Cross Bag.

Yu IlHan calmly explained to Erta, who was looking at him dumbfoundedly.

“Trolls only eat and sleep and eat and sleep, rinse and repeat. Their blood is full of rest energy due to that, and isn’t that concentrated energy that’s healing their injuries fast? I thought like that.”

[Of course, it should be.](Erta)

“Then, wouldn’t this bloodrink, which is made by refining troll’s blood, be the only drink that would be able to recover rest energy in this world?”

[Probably, if you have extreme poison resistance that is.](Erta)

“Yes. This bloodrink isn’t simply a potion-replacement that recovers injuries fast. This is a specialized potion to train transcendent regeneration!”

His conclusion was very absurd, but at the same time, very reasonable. Well, he just recovered rest energy using bloodrink right now, so it just got proven!

And just 200ml worth had enough effect of 3 to 4 hour rest. This was really a rest drink.

[Oh my, you’re right. Just how did I not think of that until now? No, just why did other people not think of training transcendent regeneration with troll’s blood?]

“They didn’t learn it, that’s all.”

[Ah.]

Erta ended up acknowledging Yu IlHan’s nonchalant reply.

Since Rest skill was unimaginably hard to learn and train, there weren’t many who mastered it.

Naturally, those who learned transcendent regeneration would be few as well.

There maybe cases where they learn a similar skill to transcendent regeneration due to the special characteristics of a class or a race. The demon race, which are the higher existence of Breakers, and the innate overlords, the dragonkin are like that. Holy knights were known to have a similar skill when their job reached the extreme.

However, those were not transcendent regeneration. They were skills with a different effect, a different penalty, and different requirements to use.

Perhaps, Erta maybe might currently be with a man who may master transcendent regeneration for the first time in the multiverse.

Of course, all this was not possible without extreme poison resistance. It was truly absurd, but currently, Yu IlHan was the only(Yu IlHan) existence who was perfectly ready to train transcendent regeneration!

[Extreme Poison Resistance Skill has become level 8.]

[Cooking Skill has become level 15.]

“Oh, other skills level up too.”

Regardless of refining the troll’s blood or not, it was still extreme poison, so when he drank it, extreme poison resistance skill would grow. Since it was also a high difficulty cuisine with the ingredients being extremely toxic, just drinking it would increase the cooking skill as well.

[I’m tired of getting shocked so I won’t. Although I’m forgetting nowadays, higher existences are able to control their emotions.]

[ZzzZzz.]

To be more shocked, it would affect her pride, so Erta started controlling her emotions. Along with the ever-sleeping angel Lita, Yu IlHan proceeded to the deeper part of the mutated species dungeon.

In front of Yu IlHan, who could finish all monsters with two strikes even with the penalty from the superhuman strength skill, the dungeon was being destroyed at a frightening rate.



Chapter 56

There are largely 2 categories of monsters. The boss-tier leopard monsters that appeared in the initial stages of the Great Cataclysm and the mutates species in this dungeon were monsters that evolved from the original animals on Earth, and in contrast, those that occurred naturally from concentration of mana are the ones such as Metal Hearts and trolls.

The angels called the former ‘Originals’ and the latter, ‘Migrants’. Even though the only difference was that they were born after the Great Cataclysm, it was not known why the angels called them ‘Migrants’.

On the basis, the structure of the physical bodies of the two types weren’t that different. They were the same in the sense that they were monsters, some had magic stones, some had bones that were metallic, and some wielded the power of lightning. Regardless of their types, strong monsters were strong and weak ones were weak.

Just that, regarding their potential, the story changes entirely.

The natural-born monsters from the concentration of mana are strong at the beginning but their growth potential was not that big, and would need a long time to evolve to the next stage.

Once they were trapped in dungeons, they ate mana within it to slowly, very slowly grow and wait for challengers. Of course, there were always exceptions, so it was rumored that some insane monsters absorb their entire race’s record to evolve to a higher existence.

However, the monsters that evolved from animals originally on Earth, by acquiring mana, were different. They may be weak at first, but their growth potential was a variable; there maybe those who ended up as weak level monsters, and there maybe those that may evolve to acquire godly strength.

On top of that, Earth’s characteristics were added, and the starting levels of the animals that lived for one thousand years, were already damn high, and they mostly had high potentials as well. This meant that, on Earth, no one should be careless of a dungeon where ‘Originals’ resided in.

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned 2,489,775 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 98 Great Thunder Bear.]

[Superhuman Strength skill has become level 15. The aftereffects of the skill decreases.]

To Yu IlHan, who blew away the neck of a monster in a single strike, Erta shouted.

[Like I said, be careful a little!](Erta)

“That’s why I didn’t take off my armor. Oh, superhuman strength just levelled up.”

[Wow, level 15 already? That’s one of the rewards from Heaven’s Quest, right?](Lita)

[Isn’t he taking it lightly because you, Lita, are taking this lightly!](Erta)

Regardless of what the angels were chatting about, Yu IlHan concentrated on dismantling the electric bear’s body. No matter what, he couldn’t easily instakill a near level 100 monster. It could be said to be because of a critical hit on top of his superhuman strength.

Thanks to that, one of the titles’ effect activated, and perhaps due to the 20% increase inj probability, a magic stone with strong lightning powers popped out.

“With this, I gathered enough magic stones.”

[It’s good to sell weapons or armor, but don’t release magic stones easily. At the current point in time on Earth, 2nd class magic stones are a more dangerous currency than you think.](Erta)

“I get it already.”

He didn’t know why Erta was so nagging about that when he felt like the people on Earth would grow to hunt 2nd class monsters easily. Of course, that was just Yu IlHan’s hope.

Now, he didn’t want to catch attention like LA’s Dark Knight or Sungdaein Bolt. As he was one who had no memories of gathering any attention in his life, it was more painful for him.

With a bitter smile, he put the rest of the part of the bear, the large amount of meat, the bones, and the skin. He didn’t think about what materials he would use to create the robe to sell to Kang MiRae, but it seems it would be enough with the materials he gathered in this dungeon.

“Is this the third day?”

[About that much. It’s alright to think it over slowly. Compared to the Metal Heart dungeon, you’re going at a fast pace.](Erta)

[It kinda annoys me that you’re talking as if reminiscing a memory about just the two of you.](Lita)

[I don’t think you’re the one to talk when you’ve been sleeping this entire time.](Erta)

At Erta’s sharp call, Lita declared shamelessly.

[That’s because beauties are sleepyheads!]

[But not all sleepyheads become beauties. If it’s as you say, Snorlax would have become a heroine long time ago.]

“He’s a male so he can’t become a heroine. Probably.”

Concluding the angels’ hopeless conversation, Yu IlHan stood up. Seeing him take out the pile bunker from his inventory, Erta flinched and asked.

[Even I didn’t feel it… Did you feel a strong monster’s presence?](Erta)

“No, I’m preparing since I feel that something might pop out now I asked about the time and you girls were talking crap.”

[Please tell me the method to enjoy life like you do.](Erta)

“Prepare for life for about a thousand years. It can’t not be fun.”

Erta found Yu IlHan’s future prediction absurd, but what was more absurd was the strong aura that could be felt immediately after

When Yu IlHan smirked at her wordlessly, Erta couldn’t hide her frustration.

[This dungeon was originally a level 70 restricted dungeon, wasn’t it? But how can there be a 3rd class monster appearing as if it were natural?](Erta)

[That’s true. No matter if they are Originals or not, this speed of growth is too abnormal.](Lita)

“Isn’t it because they grew up too fast after the initial level check? You too know that Earth isn’t ordinary. You might want to renew the dungeon information more frequently from now on.”

[Yeah, I’ll request for that.](Lita)

Just why was such an important issue not edited yet? That was because insane people like Yu IlHan, who enters dungeons with level requirements above 50 did not exist yet.

2nd class monsters appearing in a level 40 restricted dungeon, and a 3rd class appearing within a level 70 restricted dungeon were completely different in danger levels.

Speaking clearly, the only ones who encountered 3rd class monsters in a dungeon were Yu IlHan, Na YuNa and Kang HaJin. It was natural that there was no report to the angels.

Although it seemed plausible to ignore the level restrictions and enter dungeons since Yu IlHan did that, in fact, there weren’t that many people on Earth who enjoyed adventure. That was because most people were aware that they only had one life.

Before, Na YuNa and Kang HaJin stepped into a dungeon with the level restriction of 50 without any hesitation, but that was only because the materials they needed were within that dungeon.

If it wasn’t for Kang MiRae’s 2nd job advancement, and without Na YuNa’s absurd ability, they would never do such a thing.

There were unwritten iron rules in other worlds, and those were: to check if one’s own level was higher than the dungeon restriction level by 10 or more, to check if there were at least 5 members in the party, and to procure an escape route to escape at moment’s notice

All people of Earth that went to other worlds for 10 years had learnt those rules for survival, as much as they got to learn to use mana. Excluding Yu IlHan, that is.

{Kwaaa!}

The one that appeared was a giant bird. Its entire body was colored in gold, and every time it flapped its wings, a small streak of lightning would fall from its surroundings. It boasted of an overwhelming aura!

Yu IlHan could not guess what kind of animal it had been originally. He only predicted that it may have appeared by clashing with other monsters several times to evolve.

Looking at all the sparks that appeared due to the lightning attribute mana that gathered towards it, Yu IlHan muttered.

“It seems it will hurt a little if I get hit by that guy. It looks even stronger than the Highland Troll Boss.”

[I don’t think it will end with just ‘a little’.](Lita)

Yu IlHan pondered for a moment, but he decided. He wouldn’t die with that as the opponent anyway! If it hurt slightly much, then he would welcome it. Not because he was a pervert, but because he could train transcendent regeneration.

Thanks to levelling up to level 15, the duration of superhuman strength still had 2 minutes left. Moreover, he could reduce the penalty time using the bloodrink so there was no need to hesitate.

“Good, let’s kill it.”

Yu IlHan kicked off the ground. It was still emitting small streaks of lightning everywhere so he might be found before he attacked. To avoid that, he had no choice but to attack from a higher position!

“Hup!”

200m away from the bird, Yu IlHan jumped high. Before, he had buildings where he could kick off in the air to go higher, but now, there was nothing.

However, Yu IlHan didn’t mind that. With pure leg strength, and the physical strength from the superhuman strength skill, along with the optimal leap technique which was engraved into him from the countless times of training, were supporting him!

[You have acquired the conditional skill, Leap. You can use it while deploying superhuman strength, and you can use it to jump high using the enhanced leg strength. You can jump quicker and higher the more the skill levels up.]

Yu IlHan’s body flew up several hundred meters in an instant. He even felt a little faint since the surrounding scenery was changing so fast, but he came to himself at the next moment and aimed at the target.

The giant electric bird, which seem to know that a human has entered the dungeon, but did not catch Yu IlHan’s presence, was under his foot!

His figure drawing a parabola, he dropped downwards. At that moment, the electric bird started moving its body suddenly.

Clicking his tongue, Yu IlHan fixed his trajectory by flapping his legs in midair, but it seemed difficult to target the head. Clicking his tongue, he muttered.

“Damn, the skin will be ruined.”

[That’s your problem?](Erta)

At the moment when he was about to fall to the ground if he wasn’t careful, Yu IlHan activated the Cross Bag’s option. Weight Transfer! He transferred the weight of the Cross Bag onto the pile bunker.

As he had put all his spoils of war of 3 days into his Cross Bag, the weight was over tens of tons! Yu IlHan’s dropping speed increased.

The giant bird’s body zoomed in within Yu IlHan’s vision. I can’t run! – with a skeptical smile, Yu IlHan nailed the pile bunker onto it just like that!

Kigigigigik!

{Kwaaak!}

The bone-shivering sound as the ammo pierced its body, and the electric bird’s screech of pain resounded out.

The pile bunker successfully shot the ammo into the electric bird’s body, but due to the strong rebound, it didn’t dig the bird’s body enough and stopped mid way!

The pile bunker, which instakilled many monsters until now, had failed to do so for the first time.

{kwak! Kuaaak!}

“Kehk!”

It seemed to be in so much pain as it violently rampaged while emitting lightning from its entire body. However, the moment Yu IlHan realized that he failed to instakill the bird, let go of the pile bunker and jumped backwards.

At almost the same moment, its wings brought up a lightning vortex. Due to his quick judgement, Yu IlHan could escape the range of effect of the vortex, but the pile bunker he left behind got caught up and was spinning in midair.

It would be fortunate if it didn’t get ruined due to the lightning.

“I will not let you go if my dear bunker is injured.”

[…You’re gonna kill it anyway.](Erta)

Landing safely on the ground, Yu IlHan checked the duration of superhuman strength. It was around 1 minute 12 seconds. It would be good if he could kill it by charging at it with the spike spear, but from the looks of the clump of lightning it was releasing, he didn’t feel like doing so.

Moreover, after getting hit by a strong strike, the giant bird now knew of his position; and with the pile bunker ammo embedded on its body, it was charging right at him insanely with the lightning vortex around it as well. Even getting hit by a train would be better than getting hit by that.

With a ‘heheh’ laugh, Yu IlHan ran backwards. He didn’t have the hobby to commit suicide.

[What happened to training transcendent regeneration?]

“No good, please try next time.”

Replying playfully to Erta’s joke, Yu IlHan took out the rough moonlight’s bone atlatl, the spear throwing device. Although it had a range increase option, in a situation where the counterpart was charging right at him, it didn’t fit in that much.

If there was a moon in the sky, then attack power and accuracy would have increased by 40% but it was unfortunate that there was no such thing.

“Actually, that’s a frag shot.”

Running to avoid the electric bird’s charge, Yu IlHan quietly muttered. Erta asked back.

[Then why is it not exploding?]

“I designed it so that it would only explode the moment it’s completely inside the enemy’s body, in fear of hurting myself.”

Just how did he make that? He really had some good skills.

However, even though Erta had only heard that much, she realized what Yu IlHan was intending to do.

[Are you trying to shoot the throwing spear onto that pile bunker ammo to drive it deeper?]

“Yeah.”

Yu IlHan violently grabbed the bone atlatl. He checked the distance between them, and the duration of superhuman strength.

29 seconds. No problem.

“Fuu.”

He leaped yet again. As the conditional skill leap was correcting his body’s movements, he could jump even higher.

An opportunity rose up. The opportunity for him to throw the spear in the same trajectory as last time, and at the same time, the opportunity for the bird to to attack Yu IlHan, who could not move freely in the air!

{Kwaaa!}

The giant bird spat out a lump of lightning from its beak. As he had resolved for that much, Yu IlHan received it with all his body, and stopped in mid air for a short moment due to the shock.

“Fuuu.”

A golden electric current ran throughout Yu IlHan’s body. As it was not a 3rd class monster for nothing, it really did hurt a lot. Transcendent regeneration activated immediately, but even with that, he couldn’t recover completely.

However, if he lost the opportunity now, then he would receive an even bigger shock because of its charge. That thought made Yu IlHan endure.

He gritted his teeth and tensed his arms. The body that trembled due to the electric shock, was stopped by the mentality that had surpassed the human level.

“Ha!”

At that moment, Yu IlHan violently swung his arm with the atlatl to shoot the throwing spear. That attack was one that was more lightning-like than actual lightning.

The short spear which was shot out, pierced the lightning vortex that the monster kept around it since it first allowed a hit to land, like nothing, and it instead absorbed the orbs of lightning that it had shot out while charging forward.

Whether that was theoretically possible or not, Yu IlHan couldn’t care less. Since it was happening right in front of him.

The thrown short spear reached the pile bunker ammo’s end as if being sucked into it and hit it strongly. The ammo which received the short spear’s force in its entirety naturally dug into its body, and the next moment, it exploded within the body to spit out thousands and tens of thousands of fragments.

{Kwaaa!}

Watching the giant bird drop onto the ground with a screech, Yu IlHan landed on the ground and took out another short spear before loading it on the bone atlatl.

However, that was unnecessary. The lightning vortex around the bird’s body seemed to grow weaker before it dissipated completely, and the next moment, with an enormous monstrous shout, it fell on the ground. It had died completely!

[You have earned 6,965,384 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 122 Giant Thunder Bird.]

[You have fulfilled one of the conditions to acquire the active skill, Counter. If you fulfill 3 more requirements, you are able to acquire Counter.]

[The duration of Superhuman Strength ends, and for 7 minutes 30 seconds, muscular strength decreases to 60%\

[Death Collector has become level 4.]

[You have become level 60. 1 Strength, 2 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

With its death, powerlessness overcame Yu IlHan’s body, before it disappeared due to levelling up. However, Yu IlHan’s expression wasn’t that good even though he had barely overcame the situation.

[What is it, IlHan?](Lita)

“I’m wondering about why I levelled up at such a time.”

[Ah.]

Yu IlHan gripped the atlatl tightly.

Coincidentally, at that time, the pile bunker, which was spinning in mid air due to the giant bird’s lightning vortex could be seen dropping towards the ground. And the next moment, a vortex that came out of nowhere raised it up again.

That meant one thing.

{Kuooo!}

{Kwaaauuu!}

“Of course, there’s no way my bad intuition is wrong!”

[Don’t boast so proudly!](Erta)

And that was that he had to run around a little more for the battle to end.



Chapter 57

[You have earned 7,777,867 experience.]

[Superhuman Strength skill has become level 16.]

[Cooking skill has become level 21.]

When the Giant Thunder Bird lost its life in front of his eyes, Yu IlHan shouted hooray.

“It’s over!”

[Yes, it’s over. Now there are no boss monsters.](Lita)

Lita spoke in an amazingly affectionate tone. It took 3 hours in total for Yu IlHan to kill the 3 huge electric birds, or, giant thunder bird, that appeared when he killed the first one, so it could be seen how tired he would be from that.

The reason the fight was dragged out was simple. When he fought one, he was able to finish it quickly because he could start with a surprise attack, but as those three realized his presence in their appearance, not only could he not do a preemptive strike, they were even stronger than the thunder bird that he killed before, and as he had to fight three of them, which went berserk due to the previous one’s death, there was no way he could finish the battle quickly.

Through this battle, it was revealed that the fact that Yu IlHan made the bone atlatl was truly the correct thing to do. Close combat with three giant thunder birds with lightning around them was a foolish thing to do, so he ran around to the point that he was sweating from his soles, while shooting throwing spears and throwing grenades.

If he had not prepared long range weapons, then even if it was Yu IlHan, he would have had to escape from the dungeon, and with 3 angry birds attached to him too!

Of course, thanks to fighting while forgetting his pride as a dismantling meister, the thunder birds that Yu IlHan killed all had tattered and exploded skin. To find the usable parts, he would have to go through some suffering.

“I’m really about to die.”

[It’s been a while since you sounded so weak.](Erta)

[You’ve done well. Let’s go home and rest for today.](Lita)

The fact that he could endure while confronting three 3rd class monsters was thanks to his concealment, which could reduce the enemies’ accuracy even though they noticed his presence, and the bloodrink that reduced his fatigue.

He didn’t feel that good, since he had to drink 3 liters of bloodrink, but considering that he saved his life, it was a small price to pay.

Moreover, he now had a good fighting experience in battling monsters in something that’s not close combat, so there were a lot of things he had earned through this battle.

However,

“BUNKeeeR!!!!!!!!!!”

[It’s not your pet, sheesh…](Erta)

There was something that suffered as much as him during the fight, and it was none other than the pile bunker.

Just as when it was about to get its freedom after the death of the first thunder bird, it got caught up in a vortex caused by another thunderbird to spin around in the air, and unbelievably, it kept flying around in the air in the vortex until the moment the battle ended. He was proud that it didn’t get dismantled and kept its original form.

However, Yu IlHan’s expression as he was running towards the pile bunker which fell onto the ground, was not good at all. That was because it was still giving out sparks due to having been abandoned in lightning for such a long time.

Unlike the original, which he made of monster bones, this was metallic. If he knew this would have happened, then he would have made it with bones as well.

No, well, would it have been destroyed if he did that?

“I could have touched it if I had electric-proof gloves, so frustrating.”

[Please differentiate manga and reality.](Lita)

Soon the spark started dissipating. He hesitated since the silvery pile bunker had turned golden, but resolving himself firmly, he picked it up. Fortunately, other than some numbing feeling the moment he grabbed it, there weren’t any other problems.

However, just as he was about to be relieved, some text that made his heart fall, popped up.

[Frighteningly Destructive Metal Pile Bunker has transformed.]

“Nuuu!”

[It’s not destroyed so calm down.](Erta)

[Transform? Umm, did it get better?](Lita)

Lita and Erta’s words made Yu IlHan hold on just as when he was about to faint. Barely coming to himself, he first checked the transformed pile bunker’s information as they said. Some lines appeared on his retina.

[Frighteningly Destructive Thunder Pile Bunker.]

[Rank – Legend]

[Attack Power –

1st level : 2,200

2nd level : 3,400

3rd level : 4,600

4th level : 6,200]

[Options –

Destructive power and penetrative power increases by 40%

A strong power of lightning will be imbued into the ammo, but maximum durability will decrease by 200 when loading to the 4th level.]

[Durability – 1,293/1,955]

[A weapon that managed to evolve thanks to being exposed to lightning attribute mana continuously. However, its great strength require great compensation.]

“Wow.”

To think that just being caught up in the lightning storm was enough to evolve the item to a new rank! While Yu IlHan was being speechless, Ertawagon, who realized that her time had come, opened her mouth.

[Growing by absorbing records is not limited to intelligent species and monsters. Artifacts, and especially those that master smiths like you make, has the possibility to grow due to external factors.](Erta)

“Even so, losing 200 maximum durability is a little…”

That would mean that he would only be able to shoot it 10 times even if he repaired it perfectly. Even though he had newly made this just a while ago, it now had a limited life!

[Acquiring weapons of a specific attribute is very hard. Although, if it’s you, it won’t be hard to make them.](Lita)

“You shouldn’t have said that last part.”

[Let’s say it’s fortunate that it didn’t get destroyed in that lightning storm.]

Despite Lita and Erta’s consolation, Yu IlHan shouted as he was not able to endure his rage.

“Fuck, I will separate their bones and flesh!”

[You can just say that you’re dismantling them…](Lita)

As he had declared, Yu IlHan completely separated the bones and flesh of the four boss monsters lying on the ground.

Other monsters also passed by from time to time on the plain where the huge battle had occurred, but they obediently ran away after feeling Yu IlHan’s aura. They felt like their bones and flesh would separate just by watching!

The probability of a magic stone appearing from a monster’s dead body was 20%. Although it’s said that that value would increase as it approaches higher monsters, it wasn’t that good of a probability.

However, perhaps Yu IlHan’s rage made the Heavens touched as he succeeded in acquiring two magic stones from the 4 thunder birds.

A magic stone full of a 3rd class monster, thunder bird’s lightning attribute mana! This was the moment where the magic stone that will be used to create Kang MiRae’s staff was decided.

With this, he had finished his business in this dungeon. He had more than enough materials, so now he had to go to the next destination.

However, rarely for Yu IlHan, who always actively moved, he didn’t feel like moving right now.

No matter how much strength he had, and received rest energy from bloodrink, fighting large scale monsters above level 120 consecutively was too tiring for him.

“I wanna go home and sleep.”

[Yes, shall we sleep together?](Lita)

[You really don’t get tired of it……](Erta)

[Erta, did you experience missing a fish that you’ve almost caught? If not, then don’t talk.](Lita)

[I never missed a fish I’ve aimed for, so I’m not so sure.](Erta)

Regardless of whether Lita and Erta had a small psychological war, Yu IlHan, who could not listen in on anything, left the dungeon and headed home immediately. he didn’t even want to move, so he took the express bus on the way back.

Excluding the fact that a young woman didn’t notice that he was there and tried to sit on top of him, nothing special happened on the return trip.

“Nothing happened in this dungeon so something must happen in China, right? I should get some more equipments.”

[Stop predicting the future!](Erta)

Meanwhile, since Yu IlHan didn’t go to China straight away and had a nice rest at home, the work in a dungeon on a hill in China was going smoothly.

A dungeon installed on Earth. It was a part of Earth, but independent, and at the same time, it was a space that was outside the angels’ surveillance. Using those characteristics, something secretive was happening within that dungeon.

That, was the direct connection with another world. With a human from Earth, who was connected to another world, as the medium, they had created a gate that directly connected the other world and Earth.

This wouldn’t be possible with just one human. It was a huge projects that required a 4th class mage, an army of mages, an enormous amount of money, and finally, the support of an angel, a higher existence.

[Starting now, I’m transferring an apple through the gate. ……Good, there’s no interference from an Abandoned World.]

“……It’s here. It’s done! The connection is successful!”

[Heh.]

Holding an artifact that transferred voice over the dimensional wall, the 4th class mage and the man who was crazy for power, rejoiced in their own ways.

They shouldn’t be able to see each other’s faces, but their smirking faces looked exactly the same. They were both a twisted smirk that looked like it would be from a 2nd rate villain that appears briefly before getting owned, in the middle of an anime series!

In the central parts of the dungeon, a gate that looked big enough for a person to pass through had been generated through the use of magic power from the Trap of Destruction, and in front of the gate which looked like a blue vortex, an apple, that people from Earth would definitely not call an apple, was there.

[Fuu, to think you finally succeeded in something so simple, human standards are really good, alright.](Angel)

“Ha, if it’s such an easy job for you, then you should have at least tried to help.”

The verbal fight between the human and the angel was as always. However, as everyone was immersed in the joy of success, the friction wasn’t that big.

[This is just the start. We need to increase the number of gates, and transfer the army to Earth while avoiding the interference of other higher existences and even that damned God. You can do it successfully, right?]

“Of course.”

Confirming that the gate to another world was really successfully connected, the two men gripped their fists. Now, they felt like they would be able to take care of anything even if a dragon if it appeared.

However,

“Realistically, it’s difficult for me to handle everything by myself. Please help…”

[Being weak right away, eh. Of course, I know the limits of your ability well. As such.]

The final weapon of the empire that even the existence was a secret, 4th class mage, Dakié von Illastra, declared while laughing confidently.

[I’m planning to go over myself.]

“Is that true!?”

The man shouted excitedly. However, unlike his delighted voice, his expression was one that was about to die. Although he did know that that mage, who was the core of power, and had the strongest power, would eventually come over to Earth soon, to think that he was that impatient!

He had suffered so much to suck up to him in the other world, but now, it seemed that he was about to do it again. The man, who was in a delusion that he himself would command the army of mages that got through the gate, gritted his teeth secretly, afraid that he might get found out by the mage.

“It’s my honor. I’ll do my best to serve you.”

[Hm, yes. Prepare one or two nice women by tomorrow. If I go over myself, then the rule that I cannot harm Earthlings would not stop me anymore.]

“W, women? But as you know, I don’t have any power in……”

[I said prepare.]

“……I understand.”

Fucking horny dog! – The man muttered in his heart. Now that it had come to this, there was no other choice but to resort to kidnapping, despite the dangers.

China was wide and had many people anyway. It wouldn’t be a big deal if a few disappeared.

A normal person would not think like this even if they were ordered to, but this man was nonchalantly deciding to kidnap people.

[I will go over tomorrow. If you cannot carry out such simple orders, then your uses end there.]

“Please, be rest, assured. You will not be disappointed.”

[Fuu, really, you’re no different from an idiot.](Angel)

The angel mocked them after listening in on their conversation, but did not realize that he himself was an idiot on the same level as them.

And the man who would ‘treat’ them all ‘fairly’, was having a nice sleep at home.



Chapter 58

Having had an entire night of good sleep, Yu IlHan succeeded in blowing away a few days worth of fatigue, as expected of a rest skill master.

Now, he couldn’t delay it anymore. It was now time to go to China.

However, when he did say that, his mother’s reaction was like this:

“Going out again? Then mom will go to Ya’umin for a little.”

“Did some good seafood appear?”

“Something like that.”

His mother seemed to be enjoying her life in her own way. Eating away at the stew made with unknown animal’s meat on the table, Yu IlHan was satisfied. Human adaptability was truly amazing.

He washed himself clean after the meal, and having refreshed himself, he restocked his weapons in his workshop, as he had planned. First, he restocked the short spears which he used in the mutated species dungeon, since he threw them everywhere, then repaired the pile bunker with all his heart, since he had to use the remaining ten shots properly.

He also repaired his other weapons and his armor. He saw that, somehow, the attack power and the defense increased as he repaired them, but he decided not to mind.

[Aren’t you using that 3rd class magic stone? Even if you use one for Empress’ weapon, there’s one left.](Erta)

Seeing that Yu IlHan restocked, but did not make any new weapons, Erta asked in confusion. Then, Yu IlHan replied while smiling.

“It’s because I can’t think of anything to make. It’s not time to swap armor yet, and the spear is plenty strong too. Making sub-weapons is a waste of mana too.”

[Why aren’t you making accessoires?](Lita)

At that moment, Lita said something completely unexpected. Like a boxer who was about to faint from being hit from a dead angle, Yu Ilhan asked back in a small voice.

“Acc…essories?”

[Yeah.]

Yu IlHan’s heart pounded. He couldn’t not think back to the games he played before the Great Cataclysm. In reality, they had no use other than for decoration, no, more like, they were made for decoration(!), aren’t they just as important as weapons and armor in games!

Putting Lita on his palm, Yu IlHan opened his mouth.”

“Why don’t you explain that in a little more detail?”

[Not every artifacts are armors and weapons. Mana crafting is processing the crafter’s will by borrowing the power of mana and imbuing in an item. So, it doesn’t have to be armors and swords.]

“Sorry for using the word ‘detail’, just go straight to the point.”

[Uh, like I said it’s……]

Why Lita was pondering, Erta replied in place of her while laughing with a ‘heh’.

[It means that you have a lot of equipment slots left.]

“Good, much more direct!”

It wasn’t only games. In fantasy novels, too, don’t those main characters break through crises with a special power imbued necklaces. rings. tattoos, bracelets. anklets. earrings, etc? Lita and Erta were saying that Yu IlHan was capable of making such artifacts.

Yu IlHan also thought it was possible. No, rather, unlike armors and weapons which had a clear purpose of either blocking or attacking, he thought that the range of effect an unassuming accessory could have maybe much more than those.

[So, are you going to make anything?](Erta)

“Yeah.”

[I like rings!](Lita)

“I don’t. It takes a long time to make one.”

[Uh… yeah……](Lita)

While Lita was getting dejected for some reason, what the thousand year virgin decided to make was a bracelet.

He extracted the most intact part of the giant thunder bird and processed it into an ordinary bracelet. It was a thin leather bracelet that would fit inside a gauntlet.

That, which looked more like an armband than a bracelet, looked very ordinary, but the materials weren’t from a 3rd class monster for nothing, so it was tough to the point that ordinary swords wouldn’t be able to damage it at all.

[Good idea. The spoils of war you’ve earned this time is not suitable to make a necklace or an earring.](Erta)

“That’s not it, I only made it since it takes the least time to make.”

[Ok……](Erta)

Now, while even Erta was getting dejected for some reason, Yu IlHan prepared to mana craft. On one hand was the leather bracelet, and on the other was the bigger magic stone of the two 3rd class thunder bird magic stones.

However, what was more important than the materials was his will. Taking a deep breath, Yu IlHan closed his eyes.

In the pitch black vision and silence, what Yu IlHan thought of was the lightning vortex that the thunder bird had made. Even if it wasn’t to that extent, Yu IlHan wanted a protective membrane before his armor was pierced.

A brilliant light formed. The positive light that told him of the mana craft’s big success. This light, which other people with mana crafting would see once in a year or so, was something that Yu IlHan saw more than sunlight.

That didn’t mean that this was from luck. It was because he had a deep understanding of the technique known as mana crafting.

Yu IlHan had the record of killing the thunder bird himself, and the bracelet and the magic stone was from the thunder bird as well. This was, really, textbook mana crafting.

Of course, there weren’t many people who didn’t know of this fact, but it was hard to do it the textbook way. Everything in the world was always like this.

[Quick Lightning Storm’s Gold Leather Bracelet]

[Rank – Unique]

[Defense – 1,700]

[Options – 20% increase in mana recovery speed; when hit, it’s possible to create a lightning storm. Limited to once a day.]

[Durability – 1,150/1,150]

[An artifact with concentrated power of lightning imbued into it. Inside it dwells a strong and violent power of a monster.]

“Wao.”

The option that the Empress, Kang MiRae, wanted so much, was attached on this bracelet! Of course, since Yu IlHan couldn’t use mana yet, increase in mana recovery speed was useless.

He briefly pondered on whether to sell this to Kang MiRae or not, but since it had the option he himself wanted as well, he decided to wear it himself.

Gaining money was nothing bad, but safety was above all! Moreover, since the results were better than he had thought, he got slightly scared. That was because he felt that a high level of danger, befitting those stats, would come at him.

[What’s up with you, IlHan? How can you make the things that are on the same level as a kingdom’s treasure, so easily?](Lita)

[That’s nothing, considering he made a spear that could pierce a 2nd class monster’s skin, with pure steel.](Erta)

Lita was surprised at Yu IlHan’s ability, but as Erta had already given up, she was replying quite comfortably.

Meanwhile, after he checked the bracelet’s options, prepared to go out along with the confidence that he would be able to take care of everything even if another monster on the same level as Reta Kar’iha appeared.

His destination was the central mountainous regions of the Shandong Province of China, where it was famous for the city, Qingdao. Resolving to himself that he would not eat lamb kebabs, or drink Tsingtao, and that he will go straight back home after clearing the Quegna dungeon, he headed to Incheon Airport. To stowaway, of course! 

The airport was crowded with people. Now that high-level people were getting their 2nd classes one after another, the sky roads were opening more and more.

There weren’t many courageous people who left home to tour, but in the world, there were many people who had no choice but to take one.

There really were a variety of people at the airport. Businessmen, an ability user wearing an armor, people in military clothes…… There were some who Yu IlHan was familiar with, but Yu IlHan felt like their reunion was foreshadowing something and became worried.

“Ah, I swear I will finish my service properly and go marry.”

“I don’t think the country will let you go, second lieutenant Han.”

“No one can block me from marrying.”

The figures of colonel Yoon DaeHan, and second lieutenant Han YeoRang, who he had met during the initial stages of the Great Cataclysm, while he was going around everywhere killing monsters.

He thought that those two wouldn’t be together, with the difference in their ranks and all, but now, from the unusual-looking black military outfit, it seemed that they now belonged to the special forces.

Yu IlHan also immediately realized what special forces they were in. Suppression, that was the only thing.

‘I do want to contact them now that I’ve met them…’

Even though he now could gain an enormous amount of money through the transaction with Kang MiRae, he did not change his mind to sell the mass produced equipments to Suppression. Since his aim was to make other people defend against monsters better.

It would be better to contact them through the people he knew, and now would be the best opportunity, but no matter how he thought about it, he had a bad premonition.

The feeling that he would get caught up in a new quest, if he talked to them, assaulted him. There were many planes departing from Incheon Airport anyway, and from the look of it, they should be leaving on a military plane, so his and their paths probably won’t cross each other.

‘Yes, let’s leave it to another time.’

Why did special forces such as Suppression come to Incheon airport when they had the military airport? They had some tearfully unfortunate circumstances, but……

[Suppression Guardian Forces will depart in 30 minutes.]

Honestly speaking, only the Incheon Airport had military forces that protected airways from monsters.

Yes, they had neither money nor soldiers! Just where did that much national defense budget go, he didn’t know, but anyway, Korea didn’t have an enough number of military ability users to spread them out to different airports.

The reason they showed up in Incheon Airport was also because of that. No, perhaps, they maybe the Guardian Forces themselves. Since they all belonged to Suppression.

Yu IlHan ignored the soldiers and proceeded forward. He checked the plane going to his destination, and quickly got on board. HIs stowaway was already at an art-level.

His concealment, which no modern magic or science could see through, carried him safely inside the plane, and just as he was about to lie down on an empty seat, he had a thought.

‘Wait, this wouldn’t have happened if I applied for a passport last time, would it?’

[It’s good that you know now.](Erta)

[Zzz.](Lita)

Carrying Yu IlHan, who had a late realization, the plane flew towards China.

As soon as he got off the plane, Yu IlHan ran across the city with the help of Navigation Erta. 

“Wow, this is a total mess.”

It wasn’t like Korea did well in defending against monsters, but most of China barely retained their city form; it was that tattered and ruined. High-rise buildings fallen over like dominos were everywhere, and smaller buildings were worse.

In the cities where restoration was underway, there were countless wanderers without homes. There was no way they would find Yu IlHan, but every time Yu IlHan came within their vision, he stopped slightly. He had remembered back to when he fought the huge bear in Seongbuk-gu, last time, when many people were running away from their homes.

If he said he was comfortable while looking at them, then he would be lying.

[All existences have the right and obligation to live with their own power. It is not necessary for you to mind them](Erta)

[You don’t need to help them. You just have to protect yourself.](Lita)

“……Yes. Of course.”

The angels seemed to have noticed where his gazes were going. To them, who encouraged Yu IlHan with quite the cold words, Yu IlHan replied to them with a bitter smile and hurried on.

He wanted to help the people in crises if it was possible. If it did not put him into danger, he could move while being resolved to get injured.

It wasn’t because of kindness or because he was an idiot, but just that it felt disgusting to see his own race dying in front of his eyes. And honestly, rescuing humans felt quite good.

But that was it. The most important thing to Yu IlHan was Yu IlHan himself. He did not thing arrogantly that he would be able to save all the pitiful people in the world. It was unfortunate, but a life was too short even to live for oneself.

How long was it to the dungeon he was aiming for? To shake the bad feelings off, Yu IlHan wanted to get in battle quickly. It was fine even if it was a strong opponent. Rather, he wanted to fight one.

However, as if she knew what he was thinking, Lita muttered with a stiff voice.

[This is dangerous.](Lita)

[What is?](Erta)

Erta didn’t seem to notice anything. Yu IlHan first stopped and asked Lita.

“What is it now? Did a 4th class monster appear nearby?”

[Something like that.](Lita)

[Wait, I did not feel anything. Lita, just what happened?](Erta)

[Dungeon concealment. I think we grabbed onto the tail of the traitors. And one that’s more serious than we think.](Lita)

Erta became speechless from the seriousness in Lita’s voice, since she had never heard her speak like that before.

On the other hand, Yu IlHan sighed in relief.

“Phew, I wondered when it would be. It’s fortunate that I got to know it beforehand, this time.”

[The part you’re being relieved about is strange!](Erta)

Erta shouted in rage, but Yu IlHan replied while smiling.

“What do you mean? It makes a huge difference.”

It was different from the time when he had to fight against Reta Kar’iha.

The fact that the overlord of concealment, Yu IlHan, saw the crisis coming, and could move against it.

The meaning of that, wouldn’t be known by his enemies.



Chapter 59

Looking up the information and the position of the dungeon, Lita explained with an enraged voice.

[An angel is inside a concealed dungeon. From the moment an angel conceals a dungeon without report, she/he would be categorized as a traitor, but what’s more serious is that there is a strong person who has a power that cannot exist here on Earth.](Lita)

“A person from another world?”

Lita nodded. Erta gritted her teeth the moment she heard that.

[The rules of the Army of Heaven has become a mess. To think he’s helping the other worlders, much less blocking them!](Erta)

[Treachery and desertion are quite common, you know?](Lita)

“I knew Heaven was a ridiculous place.”

[I, it’s not. It only happens once in 500…… 300 years!](Erta)

The already low confidence in Heaven reached rock bottom.

However, he could understand. Even Lita and Erta, who are right next to him, have quite a plenty of emotions, don’t they? Even if there was a God above them that had a tremendous power, if the ones executing his orders are likes this, then there was no way there would be no problems over the countless years.

While Yu IlHan was sighing, Lita declared with a firm tone.

[There’s no way they came to Earth to play tic tac toe with us, we need to stop them.](Lita)

Yu IlHan asked curtly.

“Can you do it yourselves?”

[……It’s in fact difficult to interfere directly with force.](Lita)

He knew this would happen.

He didn’t know how these angels came to the ground, but it seemed like the rules and laws that bound them numbered an enormous amount. Even Lita and Erta, who were less restricted after getting into a partnership with Yu IlHan, were like this.

[I already reported the moment I sent it up to Heaven. But we can’t seal the dungeon if there are any creatures that aren’t monsters, so we can only wait until those humans come outside……](Lita)

“Their numbers would multiply the moment they do, though?”

[Yeah. No matter what they are planning to do, unless they can procure enough people, they won’t try to come out.](Lita)

Even if they do come out before that, the angels cannot directly attack other worlders. They would be able to restrict the traitor angel, but that was it. Human matters had to be solved by humans.

As such, waiting for them to come out was not a good idea. He had to check it himself by going inside.

“Good, then……”

[However, I don’t think IlHan needs to go into this dungeon.](Lita)

However, what Lita said to Yu IlHan, who was just warming his body up, was very unexpected. Although he did not blame Erta, normally, Erta would give him Heaven’s Quest at times like these without hesitation.

“You aren’t asking me?”

[If it’s related to an Abandoned World, then I would have no choice but to do so, but this matter is different. It’s not like you alone have to do this.]

[We don’t know what they are doing inside that dungeon. What will you do if it become serious because you leave it alone?](Erta)

[But what would I do if IlHan gets injured just because he got involved in something unnecessary!](Lita)

[……](Erta)

Listening to the angels’ conversation, Yu IlHan pondered for a moment. However, the conclusion was already there from the beginning.

“Let’s go in.”

[But.](Lita)

Yes, no one pressured him to go to the dungeon. This wasn’t like what he had caused, and from the beginning, he had come here because he had business in a nearby dungeon.

“It’ll be annoying if danger finds its way over to me later because I leave it alone for now.”

It wasn’t like he could say “Oh, is that so?” and do his own thing when a person from another world had directly come over to Earth. At least, he had to find out what the situation was, and how it would affect him.

“Let’s just scout first. I won’t get injured so don’t worry.”

[Well, you really don’t need to worry about getting find out unless you attack first.](Lita)

[Since he even dodges God’s eyes.](Erta)

“Shaddup. Give me the Heaven’s Quest already.”

[I, I will.](Erta)

He was annoyed by the unnecessary extra lines said by each angel, but he couldn’t deny that. He didn’t have the title of a pancosmic loner for nothing!

If he decided to hide then even an angel would not be able to find him. There was no one more fitting than him for this job.

[Anyway, is there any meaning to scouting?](Erta)

But somehow, Erta was questioning his actions. Yu IlHan replied while shrugging his shoulders.

“If the opponent is a monster, then I can just mercilessly slash, but if it’s a person from another world, then I can’t do that, right? Perhaps they have a tearful reason behind it.”

[But……it’s just a hypothesis, but what if that person came to Earth purely to do bad things?]

Erta was sure that this person was full of bad intentions from the moment this person came over to Earth, despite the strong powers this person possessed, but there was no material evidence for it. She didn’t want her thoughts and words to interfere with Yu IlHan’s will, so Erta’s question was quite careful.

However, speaking from the conclusion, her worries were useless. Yu IlHan’s view was firm from a long time ago.

“Then I’ll kill.”

Yu IlHan answered. It was a cold answer without a shred of hesitation.

The difficulty of the concealed dungeon itself was very low. It was a peaceful dungeon where slimes that looked like they were designed for beginners no matter how one looked at it, were moving around with bouncy sounds. Charging through that dungeon fast, Yu IlHan confirmed with Lita.

“How many are there?”

[Two. One is a first class, but I don’t know for the other except the fact that this person is strong. I think he has an artifact to hide his abilities.](Lita)

If she knew that the enemy was a 4th class, then Lita and Erta would definitely not send Yu IlHan inside the dungeon. If it came to be a battle, unless Yu IlHan kills the enemy first with a preemptive strike, then his chances of winning would become slim.

However, ignorance led to courage. Not knowing what was awaiting them, they only sped up.

“I’m alright, but what about you girls? It will be difficult if you get found out like the time with Reta Kar’iha.”

[Do not worry. Thanks to getting into a contract with you, the concealment ability is applied to us even more surely now.](Erta)

The battle with Reta Kar’iha was a humiliation of a lifetime for Erta. Angel’s Partner was not only a means for Lita to come back to Yu IlHan’s side, but it was also Erta’s resolve to not repeat her mistake.

Laughing at her answer, Yu IlHan turned directions. Now, even he could feel the presences.

However, just as he was about to slow down because he had arrived at the destination, a scene that made Yu IlHan stop his steps could be seen.

Two corpses were strewn on the grown. Human, and it was a young woman’s corpse too.

“……”

Yu IlHan barely held his mouth from groaning. It was because he was worried that that small action would dissolve his concealment. As if they knew what he was thinking, Erta and Lita also kept their silence.

The state of those corpses couldn’t be described as ‘good’ even with empty words. The clothes were ripped everywhere, and there were insulting traces all over their body. Moreover, even knife scars that covered their body… It was clear that they were inflicted even after they had lost their lives.

Yu IlHan felt as if being poured with ice cold water, while looking at the corpses that looked like it had not been a long time since their deaths, as the warmth was still there.

Just from the way they were killed, he knew clearly. The perpetrator ‘used’ these humans for a momentary pleasure. Like how one would turn on the air conditioner on a hot summer day; like how people used cars to go to faraway places – he used and killed humans.

There was no need to look for the perpetrator. Since there were two men nearby.

The moment Yu IlHan noticed them, a middle aged man wearing a black robe over his body opened his mouth.

“Truly disappointing. You can only find those low quality ones?”

[You have awakened the passive skill, Language. You, who have conquered countless languages, can perfectly translate, speak, read, and write a language even if it’s the first time you are hearing it. You can evolve the skill if you satisfy the skill evolution requirements.]

He could understand a language that he had heard for the first time. Just as he was finding it curious himself, the text that appeared on his retina solved his curiosity.

However, the next moment, he wished that he didn’t acquire that skill.

If so, then he would not have to hear such dirty words.

“I’m very sorry. I will look for a more useful woman.”

“Leave it. It’s just for a leisure time. But their screaming sounds were quite good to listen to.”

Leisure, eh… Yu IlHan muttered in his heart.

Killing to innocent women like that and… leisure… he said.

It felt as if something snapped within Yu IlHan’s head. Thinking that he did so well to enrage him in such a short time, he even felt like laughing.

“The connection is successful, so now we just have to wait. Meanwhile, you look into how much battle power each country has. Ignore 2nd class and below. You just have to find out who has the possibility to advance to third class within the 3 months that we’re preparing for the invasion.”

“As per your orders.”

There was no need to do more scouting. All judgement on the situation had been finished, and it was concluded which action to take.

These were enemies; enemies that Yu IlHan had to kill here and now.

“Hm, I think I maybe able to find out how to cancel dungeons if I research into the dungeon’s core a little more.”

[That is not an area for you humans.]

At that moment, the last member of this place, the male angel also finally showed himself.

“Hoh? Then what happens if I completely interpret the dungeon with my power alone?”

[Just try. It looks like I will see something interesting.]

“You can talk even though you can’t do anything yourself.”

[Blabber all you want.]

After confirming that the male angel was having a verbal fight with the middle aged man, Lita gripped her fists tighter. Erta tried to hold her back in fright, but Yu IlHan was much faster.

Yes. Having finished seeing through the enemy’s abilities and his own full strength, Yu IlHan was charging at him.

There was no room for the angels to hold him back. He was getting closer to the mage in a speed that made them unbelievable that he could not use mana!

“Hm?”

“What is it?”

“Oh, nothing. It was just wind.”

Yu IlHan, who arrived in front of the enemy’s eyes, did not attack straight away, but jumped high up. Jumping to an enormous height with the help of his superhuman strength skill and the leap skill, Yu IlHan took out the pile bunker which already had its 4th level loaded, and gripped it tight with both of his hands.

The reason he leaped and not attacked straight away, was because of his intuition which was refined to near perfection throughout the countless years.

Since he realized that he couldn’t one shot him, and it would become a pain for him if he didn’t, he decided to put another process in the middle.

The intuition that he had polished for nearly a thousand years enabled him to see through the enemy more clearly than levels or Akashic Records. He did not know how amazing that was yet, but now, that wasn’t anything important.

He did not know that his enemy was a 4th class, but he did know this: With the strike he’s preparing now, he would be able to kill him in one go!

‘Weight transfer.’

The moment he reached the maximum height from the leap, Yu IlHan muttered within his heart. At the moment the 40 tons of the Cross Bag’s weight was transferred to the pile bunker completely, he started dropping down like a flying arrow.

This was a combination that he had already used once against the huge electric bird, and at that time, he even failed in instakilling it. Despite that, Yu IlHan did not hesitate. Since this was the best attack that he could do as of now.

Moreover, this guy was different from the huge electric bird. The huge electric bird had a big body, had thick skin, and had hard bones. A case where its personal defensive power was overwhelmingly high.

However, this guy’s own defense was sigh-inducingly low. He seemed to have an enormous amount of mana, as he had quite a few layers of protective layers around him, but even so, if the pile bunker worked properly, then he would die instantly!

‘I will return the girls’ pains even if it’s 1/100 or even 1/1000.’

Yu IlHan calmly aimed the pile bunker’s ammo at him. The thing that the sharp point was aiming at was the middle aged man’s head. If he got swayed by the weight, then all would become naught.

‘Concentrate. I can kill him if I hit him properly once.’

Only when the 40 tons of weight was concentrated on the point of the ammo, did the weight transfer option see light.

And on Earth right now, the only one who could add that overwhelming weight onto a weapon, was Yu IlHan!

‘Now!’

“If I achieve this record then even if it’s the Akashic Record”

‘Boom!’

[Critical hit!]

The man, who was proudly boasting to the angel, lost his words all of a sudden.

Dropping down from the sky, Yu IlHan unhesitantly shot the ammo the moment the protective layer and the pile bunker came into contact, and as he had surmised, the ammo broke all of those protective layers and even destroyed the man’s cerebrum.

It was truly shocking that it did not destroy the man’s body despite that destructive power, but even so, humans would die if their brains were destroyed.

“A, o……?”

The man finally noticed that he was attacked by Yu IlHan, but from his mouth, only the words that will never be realized, came out. It seemed he had realized himself as he stuttered desperately while closing his mouth.

“Ho,w the ma…gic, fortress…….”

However, that was the end. The moment he tried to speak more, the ammo which embedded deeper into his body had completely crushed his face.

[You have earned 511,309,560 experience.]

[You have become level 64. 6 Strength, 5 Agility, 4 Health, 5 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 202 Dakié Von Illastra.]

[Absorbing the power of life of Dakié Von Illastra.]

[Death Collector has become level 9.]

“Wh, what the hell?”

The other man, who saw that a 4th class mage had died instantly, backed out in fright. To think an unknown guy who came into the dungeon at some random time killed a person that he himself couldn’t even touch in a single moment!

“What are you!”

Recovering the pile bunker, Yu IlHan lightly landed on the ground. The figure of him putting his hand into the Cross Bag and taking out a spear were very natural to the point that it looked beautiful.

“A dropout, fucker.”

Then he immediately swung the spear and slashed apart the man’s head. Truly a refreshing strike.



Chapter 60

Unlike the 4th class mage, the 1st class mob died with a single spear strike. The wicked plan to connect Earth with another world was over with just two strikes from Yu IlHan.

When that happened, the only one left in that place was just the higher existence, the angel.

[Why did the dungeon……Shit, high rank angel!?](Male angel)

[You are so dead.](Lita)

While Yu IlHan was taking care of the humans, Lita was taking care of the angel that helped the humans. This was because although she could not use her powers with humans as the opponents, if it’s an angel, much less a traitor one, she would be able to use everything without holding back.

[Kuhk!](Male angel)

[Where do you think you’re going?](Lita)

The moment the mage’s brain got smushed like tofu, the angel realized that the situation wasn’t good and tried to run away without doing anything, but Lita agilely got close to him and kicked his leg to break it and poked his eyes with her index and middle fingers. Due to the chain of attacks that connected like water, the angel could not even fight back and flew into the air.

[Kuhuk!]

[You won’t die peacefully.](Lita)

Like humans, the difference in abilities between the angels were also all over the place. If Erta, and the male angel that’s getting beaten up by Lita right now, had high magical ability, then Lita was purely a martial faction that was blessed by the god of fighting.

Of course, Yu IlHan knew that from 990 years ago.

[Kuhk, Kuhuk! Wai, listen to, Khak!](Male angel)

[Don’t bite your tongue yet! Grab onto your consciousness!](Lita)

Her master level close combat landed all over the male angel’s body and was coloring the ground with white blood.

100 combo, 200 combo, 300 combo! Starting from the initial tackle, the male angel’s body did not come down from the air so the air combo bonuses were stacking.

[He will really die at that rate! We have to at least interrogate him!](Erta)

[Okay, then heal this guy.](Lita)

Meaning, she would beat him up more after the heal. Erta could only obediently use healing magic.

“Fuu.”

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan was looking at the gate in the middle of the dungeon. It was not activated right now, but if this remained, the it was unknown when another person as disgusting as the this mage would come over.

He could take care of this in one go since he could do a surprise attack, but the magic power dwelling in his body was at a horrifying level. If he couldn’t do a surprise attack, then he would not have even tried to attack.

However, if the other world over this gate has someone as strong as the mage just now, and if that person comes over the gate over to Earth. If that person acts before Yu IlHan intercepts…

Just thinking about it gave him a headache. In a busy world where he had his hands full worrying monsters, why were the other worlders coming over for? If they wanted to kill humans, then they could do it in their own world!

“Erta.”

[I will destroy the gate](Erta)

The light that came from Erta’s extended hands covered the installed gate. Yu IlHan was watching with his spear gripped tight just in case someone came over, but fortunately nothing like that happened.

Erta’s magic was powerful. The gate seemed to distort slowly and it completely disappeared, leaving behind a magic stone that was the core of the gate, and not a long after, the magic stone too cracked apart due to exhausting all its power. This was the moment the connection with another world was completely severed.

[No!](Male angel)

[Yes!](Lita)

The male angel shrieked after looking at that, but Lita’s fist made him shut up. The combo was just going past 700.

Yu IlHan was absentmindedly looking at that scene. Since it was a spectacle that could not be seen with money.

[Yu IlHan, are you alright?](Erta)

Erta asked in a careful voice. Since he knew what she was worried about, Yu IlHan replied with a laugh.

“I’m alright.”

Why did he hunt monsters until now? Because he wanted to increase his level? Because he wanted to acquire monster skins and magic stones? No, those were just by products. They could not become the reason why Yu IlHan had to hunt monsters.

He killed the monsters since they became a threat to mankind, and to himself. If the monsters that appeared at the same time as the Great Cataclysm, did not intend to kill humans, then Yu IlHan would have played around with them, doing tic tac toe or something. Of course, that was if they could notice him in the first place.

“These guys will become a threat to me if I leave them behind.”

So, he killed. He scouted just in case he made a mistake, and as a result, he killed them as he had confirmed the fact that they were no different from monsters. Of course, he had to acknowledge that he was more enraged due to finding the two dead women.

[Is it really just that?](Erta)

“If it isn’t, then what? Should humans be special?”

Yu IlHan’s words were reasonable. The reason they killed was the same, but if he felt different just because those in question were different, then that itself was hypocrisy.

[No, of course not. However, that’s as if.](Erta)

Erta shut her mouth around there. It was because it wouldn’t be pleasant for Yu IlHan to hear.

However, Yu IlHan felt that he knew what Erta was going to say next so he stared at her for a brief moment, before laughing it over and went into looting.

“Wow, just who killed him so cleanly? Just the head disappeared.”

[Quite a tremendous defense. Although, you’re something too, since you broke through it.]

The mage was wearing a luxurious looking robe that was made with black silk, which looked very expensive even at a glance. Thanks to Yu IlHan killing him so cleanly, the robe was intact as well.

“If this is good, then would the need to make a robe disappear?”

[I guarantee that you will have to make a robe.](Erta)

Yu IlHan snorted and grabbed it when a message popped up.

[Cynical Iron-wall Black Mage’s Jacket]

[Rank – Legend]

[Defense – 3.300]

[Equip Restrictions – Magic category 3rd class, 400 Magic or above]

[Options – Mana recovery, 40% increase in magic casting time, activates Magic Fortress by consuming mana when in danger of being hit]

[Durability – 1,100/2,200(Auto-recovery)]

[A jacket made by a top tier crafter using a Dark Yarn acquired from hunting an original monster in a legendary dungeon. A legendary mage called to modern life directly inscribed a protective magic formation.]

“Oh my Zelnaga. You’re right.”

Did Erta foresaw that this would happen? The robe had a monstrous equip restrictions. Of course, it had accordingly monstrous options, but it seemed for sure that Yu IlHan would never wear this robe.

Moreover, what was that item description? They were definitely a combination of words he knew, but it was incomprehensible like looking into a woman’s heart.

However, there was something that weighed on his mind more than that; it was the text that looked like an upgraded version of Yu IlHan’s own bracelet option.

“Magic fortress… So what he blabbed on about before his death was this. Was this the damned protective layer that covered him?”

[No, that was more like a constantly active magic protection that’s closer to self defense. It’s different from the option attached to this robe.](Erta)

His leisurely attitude was all because he had an insurance. However, according to Erta’s words, it seemed the Magic Fortress didn’t activate properly when Yu IlHan attacked him in surprise. Well, that should be why he looked so unjustified in his death.

Then why? For what reason did the Magic Fortress not activate? If it was the Yu IlHan at the beginning stages of the Great Cataclysm, he might be agonized while thinking about it.

However, Yu IlHan had already crossed many mountains and rivers. He wouldn’t say ‘that was close’ and sigh in relief. In the first place, if there was any danger, his intuition would have warned him beforehand.

It wasn’t once or twice that it happened, so Yu IlHan himself knew it very well.

[So even a legend rank artifact did not detect you!](Erta)

“I know, and I was about to say it! But you saying it makes it more tragic!”

Of course, it was true that he could kill the mage more easily due to that, but even so, he couldn’t help getting angry. Taking it out on the robe, Yu IlHan stuffed the robe into the Cross Bag.

“I’ll also sell this to the Empress. A little later.”

[Good idea.](Erta)

If Yu IlHan could wear it himself, then doing so would be the best. However, it was declared that he couldn’t wear it due to the equipping restrictions so it should be better for someone who can use it well to wear it.

Adding to that, if that someone is capable of compensating for this, then it would be even better.

He searched around for a weapon expectantly just in case, since there was the robe, but there were no such things. Instead, there was a small leather pocket inside the clothes that the mage was wearing, and that, was a pocket with spatial expansion magic cast on it, although, it was much smaller than Yu IlHan’s own Cross Bag.

However, Yu IlHan became shocked after seeing that flasks with red and blue liquids were coming out in large amounts.

“I thought this was the time for gold to come out!”

[These are things that cannot be bought with gold. They are top class health potion and magic potion. Please be aware that potions cannot be bought in shops no matter which world it is under Heaven.](Erta)

But what good was that? He had the bloodrink for health, and he couldn’t even use mana, so there was no need for him to recover anything.

Yu IlHan pondered on what to do with it, but in the end, he put them inside his Cross Bag; while believing that the time to need it would come.

He checked the 1st class man’s body just in case but there was absolutely nothing. Clicking his tongue, Yu IlHan stood up.

Lita was just going past 3000 air combo.

[It doesn’t seem like Lita’s rage would calm down any time soon. Yu IlHan, what can we do?](Erta)

“We can cheer for Lita. Bring some popcorn, Erta.”

Leaving Lita to beat up that angel all she wanted, Yu IlHan did his own thing – to recover the dead women’s bodies.

“Erta, please make these people clean.”

[I understand](Erta)

Yu IlHan felt complicated while seeing that the two women’s bodies became clean due to Erta’s magic. He did want to find their families, but he did not even know where they were kidnapped from. He couldn’t waste time like thatt.

Recovering the victims’ bodies, Yu IlHan completely burned the mage and the man’s bodies since human bodies did not spit out mana and were useless as crafting materials.

Around that time, Lita’s punishment had ended. He couldn’t find consciousness no mater how much healing magic he was casted with, so they decided to leave the rest to the other angels.

[Lita, did you listen to why they cooperated with humans?](Erta)

[No, I couldn’t since I was beating him up. The others would listen in my place!]

Lita’s smile looked uselessly refreshing. It seemed that her mood became a little better while beating him up to her heart’s content. Of course, this was nothing new, so both Yu IlHan and Erta had given up and exited the dungeon along with her.

[Lita, thanks for your work.]

[Yu IlHan, it’s you again. Isn’t it better for you if you just get into an exclusive contract with Heaven?]

[He already did. DIdn’t you see that Lita and Erta’s achievements were skyrocketing nowadays?]

Angels were already waiting in front of the dungeon. He thought that Lita would just pass the traitor angel but she stood on the same side as them while putting the male angel over her shoulders.

[There is a saying that one revealed traitor means 30 hidden ones. We don’t know when another traitor will try to do something, so I will come back after confirming that this guy gets his head lopped off.](Lita)

“Are traitors cockroaches!?”

It was an iron-blooded declaration without a hint of carelessness!

[Traitors are sooo dead now. Look at Lita with her eyes flipped.]

[They just had to do it on Earth of all worlds… foolish things.]

Although he realized the moment she recommended Vale Tudo, it seemed that Lita’s powers were not ordinary. There was no need to rustle the leaves while knowing that there is a snake, so Yu IlHan ignored her even after seeing all that.

[I will come back at least by tonight. I will come back with a good quest reward so wait for me!]

“Buy me ice cream on the way back.”

Having a conversation that sounded like a mother and son’s just as the mother was going grocery shopping, Yu IlHan sent Lita off. Since there were too many cases where Yu IlHan got involved with angels, now even the other angels greeted him or were bowing their heads. Quite the astral scene. 

“Then.”

[I know. We should go hunt quickly.](Erta)

Erta, who was now used to the unresting ironman Yu IlHan, spoke as if she had given up. However, Yu IlHan shook his head while laughing bitterly.

“No.”

He tapped the Cross Bag twice. The victims’ bodies were inside it.

“At least, let’s bury them somewhere suitable.”

[…….Of course, of course.](Erta)

Hearing Erta’s low voice, Yu IlHan moved his steps. He did not enjoy alcohol normally, but he felt like drinking today.



Chapter 61

The dungeon where Quegnae appear was just as Yu IlHan had expected.

The mutated species dungeon at least had a variety of animals and a variety of levels so he did not get tired of it, but in the Quegna dungeon, ash grey colored monsters with dark faces that looked like they were from Munch’s pictures, were walking around stiffly.

Quegnae stored their magic power in their metallic bones, and had the ability to spit the stored magic power towards their enemies.

They moved around slowly at normal times, but once they noticed an enemy, they screamed their lungs out to call for their allies, and attacked their enemies by endlessly shooting out magic bullets. They really were a paint to hunt.

However, there was an element that made them even more violent, and that was that one had to end the fight quickly when fighting against them.

The moment they notice their enemy, they pull out magic power from their bones to fling it at their enemies, so when one fighted them for a long time, their bones would gradually run out of magic power. Naturally, the quality of the bones would become lower, and in the end, they would even become useless.

The only usable part of Quegnae, which, despite their low level, were incredibly tough to fight against, were their bones. As such, those who did not have the confidence to hunt them fast with a large amount of firepower, did not linger around the dungeon even if they found it. Such was Erta’s explanations.

Obviously, these things were all meaningless to Yu IlHan.

[You have earned 335,989 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 54 Quegna.]

No monsters in this dungeon could see through Yu IlHan’s concealment. As such, all Yu IlHan had to do was to leisurely enter the dungeon and sever their life. Was there anything easier and more comfortable than this?

However, there was a limit to that. Although he liked labor, he was a perver who hated unproductive labor. Looking at the 523rd Quegna that just fell down due to his surprise attack, Yu IlHan muttered.

“This won’t do. I cannot waste any more time doing something so meaningless.”

[It’s because your growth is too fast. These things should originally be a suitable level of hunting material for you.](Erta)

The reason Yu IlHan had come here was in the end, to procure materials to make Kang MiRae’s magic weapon. That objective was over from the moment he killed the third one, so if his objective was not experience, then no one would say anything even if he went back.

However, since he decided to do it, he wanted to make a good weapon.

“Isn’t there a boss?”

[You’re not thinking that boss-tier monsters exist in every dungeon, right?](Erta)

“I think I will be able to make a legend rank weapon if I have its bones though…”

She did say that the price would different according to the ability of the finished artifact, so the money was worth looking forward to. However, Erta shouted in fright.

[Are you planning to pull her roots out? No, she might even request marriage saying she will pay it back all her life!](Erta)

“Damned media ruined our Erta.”

[I’m extremely normal!](Erta)

If this was a game or a fantasy novel then bosses that decorate the final part of the dungeon would appear. A sudden crisis! The main character who burns in passion amidst of shock and fear!

The problem was that the ones who get burned to death due to the main character’s courage was not the main character himself but his friends who become touched and charge with him, but anyway, shouldn’t dungeons be like that, where main characters grow in such method?

However, reality was cold. If there were no mutated monsters, or the dungeon had insufficient mana, boss monsters were not born. It might in a long time, but at least right now, there was none in this dungeon.

Mostly, people do not want to meet high ranking monsters inside a dungeon, so the fact that there’s no boss monster was usually a good news.

Let’s say that there’s a level 50 restriction dungeon. ‘Normally’, the people who enter such dungeons are limited to those around level 60. Those above that level would look for another dungeon for experience efficiency.

However, when bosses appear in these kind of dungeons, level 80 was normal and if unlucky, level 90, and although very improbable, even a 3rd class might appear, which Yu IlHan had experienced already.

Well, if they killed the boss, then they would be able to take a lot of experience and spoils of war, but no jewels in the world were more precious than life. As such, people never approach bosses. They only pray that they would not get noticed by the bosses and run.

As such, boss monsters did not exist for people to hunt them.

They existed for people to run away the moment they see them!

[I’m saying that the probability of a boss monster appearing is supposed to be very low. Do you understand now?](Erta)

Thanks to Erta’s easy explanations, Yu IlHan nodded helplessly, but somehow, there was a word in her explanation that weighed on his mind.

“Why did you emphasize the word ‘normally’? Are there times where high level people have to go to a lower level dungeon?”

Dungeons were no different from monster-specific traps made by using the power of Heaven. The fact that people could hunt monsters on their level safely was all thanks to that.

But how?

[Ah, if you went to another world, then you would’ve known.](Erta)

“You’re trying to pick a fight with me right? Just wait next to me until I become a higher existence.”

[……It will be alright before Earth experiences its 2nd Great Cataclysm. I will explain it to you then.]

Whether it’s the 2nd Great Cataclysm or the third, he didn’t mind unless he became a loner again. Yu IlHan just nodded his head and mindlessly slashed at a Quegna nearby. At that moment, a small change occurred.

[You have earned 359,998 experience.]

[The skill, Death Collector, has become level 10. You are now able to understand the dead’s thoughts remaining in the power of life.]

The Death Collector skill was the sole skill that Yu IlHan acquired after becoming Rookie Reaper, and it only collected the power of life of those Yu IlHan had killed, and was meaningless otherwise.

Collecting the power of life didn’t mean his stats nor his magic power would increase. He just acquired a strange artifact that absorbed faint white smoke that appeared when he killed things, it had no other uses.

He only predicted that it would become helpful when he becomes a full reaper in his 3rd class, and learn an active skill after becoming able to use mana. There was no harm in gathering them, and it was a passive skill, so he had no means to stop its activation so he just left it alone

However, the moment the skill levelled up to 10, Yu IlHan’s thoughts had completely changed.

[Kueee]

[Kwiik, Kwiii!]

[Kaoooaaa!]

“Kuhk!”

He couldn’t win against the sudden screams and shouts that echoed in his head, so Yu Ilhan grabbed his head and ended up tumbling on the ground.

[Kiiik!]

[Kua, kuaaa!]

[……Killed, me…… world…….]

[Kikuuuaaa!]

[Damned maggot!]

[Yu IlHan, what is it? Yu IlHan!]

“Fuck, I don’t know either!”

This was only happening within his brain, so Erta could not understand the situation. She just wished that he would be able to endure.

[Kuuu]

[Request……, ……’s blood……]

[How dare a puny Earthling do this to the great me, Dakié Von Illastra!]

Enduring the flood of noise that flooded his soul itself, Yu IlHan clenched his teeth. He wandered for a moment due to it being so sudden, but each of these voices were no more than the thoughts of the dead.

‘Calm down Yu IlHan, dead things are dead anyway.’

They were the dead who Yu IlHan had severed their lives of anyway. Moreover, they were no more than the thoughts that was attached to the power of life as a bonus.

It was just a little noisy, but there was no need to fear that.

[Kuiii!]

[Please……world……sav……]

[The empire will definitely not……]

‘Just shut up!’

He felt like he would go crazy if he listened to any more of that mage’s voice so he inwardly screamed.

However, the moment he screamed to nowhere, the noise all stopped.

[The skill, Death Collector, has become level 11.]

“What the…”

It seemed that the noise torture he just experienced was some kind of ceremony that all people who had Death Collector had to go through. He should’ve known from the time when he saw the word ‘reaper’, this really was a class for the weirdest of the weird.

[You’ve heard the thoughts of those you’ve killed? To think you’ve endured that with pure mentality……are you alright?](Erta)

“They are dead anyway.”

Just why was this useless skill given to him! For now, they’ve calmed down, but thoughts were things that would go nuts unless they were completely erased. Thinking to that point, he got annoyed again.

He even thought that he may had to regularly shout in his brain, and that the skill called Death Collector maybe a penalty, if anything, that was given to a Rookie Reaper, who had strong power.

However, the next moment, he had to take back that thought.

[Can you hear…… my voice?]

“……”

hearing the softly vibrating, clear woman’s voice, Yu IlHan became silent for a moment. When he saw Erta, who was floating in the air after leaving the top of Yu IlHan’s head, she, unlike her usual self, turned away to avoid his gaze.

[It’s not that I was worried about you. I only asked since the thoughts of the dead were usually violent and you may have gotten some permanent injuries!](Erta)

“Yeah, thanks for worrying about me.”

[Kuuu.](Erta)

Of course, he knew that Erta wasn’t the culprit.

Someone that he killed, that spoke human tongue, and one that had a beautiful young woman’s voice – he could only think of one.

[I request, of you. Please just once……]

“Phew.”

Heaving a grand sigh, Yu IlHan checked that there were no monsters in his surroundings, and sat down at a safe place before opening his mouth.

“What is it that you’re asking me to do, Reta Kar’iha?”

[What did you just say, Yu IlHan?](Erta)

While Erta’s eyes widened, inside Yu IlHan’s brain, a soft vibration could be felt again. The contents were quite violent unlike the voice.

[Those I could not block even with my entire body……please take revenge to the race of dragons in my stead!](Reta)

The moment when the Rookie Reaper Yu IlHan and the Breaker Reta Kar’iha had a destined rendez-vous, Heaven was punishing the low-rank angel that concealed a dungeon.

[Suspension of Activity for 5000 years. Isn’t this enough?]

[Execution!]

The one to object to the chairman angel’s loose punishment was Lita.

[It wasn’t a simple dungeon concealment. If we did not find it, the world may have collapsed.]

[That’s a heavy sin.]

[Just why did you do that? What’s good on Earth? Did you hide some snacks or something?]

Seeing that many angels were agreeing with LIta’s words, the chairman groaned.

[However, it’s not wise to reduce the manpower of Heaven’s Army. Each and every one of our angels are precious.]

[We need to cut the rotten parts out. Before everything else rots as well.]

It was another angel and not LIta. It was a woman who had a more mature appearance than Lita, and in her hands was a spear that emitted light as if it would pierce the sinner’s heart at any moment.

[He committed a sin that go against us angels’ activity rules. Just because we’re lacking manpower, are we going to free a guy with a bomb amidst our forces?]

[However.]

[Are you also a traitor?]

This angel’s firm voice had no emotions in it whatsoever. If the chairman nodded in mistake, then her spear would strike the chairman’s heart immediately.

The chairman shook his head.

[Please refrain from the dichotomic reasoning. Your rashness does not fit with a higher existence.]

[It’s better than losing everything after being relaxed. Moreover, in judging good and evil, whether it’s a higher existence or a lower existence, there’s no difference.]

The angel aimed at the sinner’s heart who was bound on the central pillar. when Lita clapped at that, some angels glared at her, and some even giggled.

[Don’t kill me! Don’t kill me!]

The bound angel cried out. He looked at the chairman for one last time, but the chairman only shook his head with a sigh.

[You should blame yourself for being foolish.]

[Ah, no. This is…… There’s no way this is possible! It should have ended quickly, they said tha……]

The angel with the spear of light swung her arms lightly to shoot the spear. The spear pierced the sinner’s abdomen.

[Kuhuk!]

[Speak, traitor.]

The female angel that threw the spear approached him while emitting an overwhelming aura, and pushed her flawless beautiful face against his. However, as the sinner was in tremendous pain, there was no room for him to admire her beauty.

[Who is behind you? Is it the Destruction Demon Army? Is it the Garden of Sunset? Or is it the Brilliant Army of Light?]

[Kuhk….Kahk!]

The bound angel couldn’t win against the pain and frothed blood from his mouth. However, at some time, perhaps he had realized that he would not live anymore, as he spat out the spit mixed with blood at the female angel and shouted.

[You retards, you chess pieces who only follow orders of a calculating machine, you maggots! Heaven will fall! Those damned principles and restrictions, they will lead you to your destruction!]

[I received it well.]

Despite the unbearable insult, the angel just firmly nodded.

From the beginning, she did not expect to get any useful information. It was fine with figuring out that this wasn’t a fallen angel who just became crazy, but someone that was moving under orders of someone else.

The angel grabbed the spear struck in the male angel’s abdomen and slashed upwards.

[Kahak!]

[……You were sacrificed. Even though you’re laughing at us so much, you did not realize your position until the end.]

The sinner could not answer anymore, because the upper part, starting from the abdomen, had been clearly split apart.

[Kyak.]

[How clean of a strike.]

[Spiera! How could you, on your own…..!]

Some angels rejoiced and some, including the chairman, became shocked. However, the angel, Spiera, only declared with the ‘black and white’ blood covering her.

[I only disposed a traitor of Heaven.]

[He still had the wings of an angel! Could we really not save him!]

[Lita, accept your orders.]

The angel did not listen to the chairman and turned around. Meanwhile, Lita, who was called, replied back while tilting her head.

[Why? I need to go back down quickly with IlHan’s reward.]

[The dam of karma that was piled up for a long time started breaking apart. A big battle is coming……As such, from today onwards, you will undergo a special training for your advancement.]

Lita was known for her strong physical power even amongst the angels. She was originally strong, but after she got caught up in missions relating to a world with a distorted time axis, her powers had grown massively as well. Spiera didn’t call her out for nothing.

However, Lita couldn’t care less about any of that.

[I’m in a romantic business so no!]

Special training? She was busy stealing Yu IlHan’s heart, and if she did something sweaty like that, then she might be left behind by Erta!

Lita backed out, but Spiera approached even faster and grabbed Lita’s back.

[Yes.]

[Uaaa. IlHannn!]

Lita’s return just got delayed, but of course, Yu IlHan and Erta did not know of this fact.



Chapter 62

[The race of dragons!?](Erta)

Erta shouted in shock. Yu IlHan was instead shocked by her.

“You can hear her?”

[Although I had to take out the angel’s ring, yes.](Erta)

The moment Yu IlHan said the words Reta Kar’iha, Erta realized that the situation was not normal and immediately took out her angel’s ring to bring the communion with Yu IlHan to the limits. Only after that could she hear in in their conversation.

[The weapon Yu IlHan made did say its abilities would increase when fighting against dragonkin, but to think it would actually refer to dragons…](Erta)

“Dragonkin aren’t dragons?”

[The word ‘dragon’ doesn’t refer to simple dragonkin.](Reta)

Reta Kar’iha’s thoughts continued.

[Dragonkin innately have a strong power, and dragons are those that are born with extremely strong bodies made made with the extremities of matter and magic even amongst dragonkin. They lord over all dragonkin.](Reta)

Honestly, Yu IlHan had met neither dragonkin nor dragons so it wasn’t anything surprising. However, Erta was already sighing.

[Dragons are at least 3rd class, moreover, the ones who lived for a long time are even 5th class, who are treated as higher existences. You would not know how horrifying a higher existence is at full strength.](Erta)

“Yeah, you guys are all about rules and laws and can’t use your strength properly!”

She wanted to retort, but as Yu IlHan seemed a little frustrated, Erta couldn’t do anything. Instead of her, Reta Kar’iha’s thoughts kept speaking.

[Our continent was one where elves and humans harmonized peacefully. However, from some time, strong monsters started rapidly appearing on the continent. Not long after, many Great Cataclysms occurred at once. This only happened within 50 years.](Reta)

“Hey, higher existence.”

[I think there was a mistake there too.](Erta)

This was a mess. He did think that they screwed up on operating Earth, and they had a precedent! If there really was someone called God, he even wanted to go and complain, to change the manager of Earth.

[The Army of Heaven realized the abnormality and started focusing on our world, but it was too late by then. This was because the race of dragons that enjoyed killing and violence, were already rampaging around.](Reta)

Reta Kar’iha’s following words were tearfully tragic. The alliance of elves and humans, meticulous defense of the land, treachery, etc. Listening to the story that would probably make an 8 book series, Yu IlHan sympathized with her.

She chatted so well, so how did she endure until now?

[The point when Heaven abandoned us was when there was not a single country left on the continent. Dragons massacred humans and elves without even realizing that they were stepping on their own potential to evolve.](Reta)

Reta Kar’iha’s voice trembled. Despite the fact that her real body had scattered after becoming ash, Yu IlHan could clearly imagine her wrathful face.

[I, who was fatally injured after hundreds of years of battle, thought that I could not end everything like this and used a last resort.](Reta)

Last resort, meaning becoming a Breaker.

[A foolish choice.](Erta)

Erta declared. Her eyes even had a trace of rage.

[Breakers are no different from monsters, moving instinctively. No matter what emotion you had in your heart, the moment you fell into a Breaker, you’ve lost your possibility for revenge forever!](Erta)

[As you may know, I had a deathgod category class like the one that killed me.](Reta)

That much could be deduced from the options of the items that she was using. Rookie Reaper, the class that Yu IlHan acquired, was a unique class, but it wasn’t like there were no similar classes like it until now. However, Reta Kar’iha also seemed to think the same thing.

[As such, I thought that not everything would end even if I become a Breaker. Before I became one, I imbued my thoughts into the robe and the scythe using my powers that could tamper with the soul. Even if the one who kills me is not a deathgod, I waited for the day that someone who has a similar ability to me to come……](Reta)

“Aha, that’s why such things happened when making the spear.”

However, not once did the thoughts in the scythe and the robe do anything.

Yu IlHan, who brought out all his strength in the battle with Reta Kar’iha, miraculously acquired the Rookie Reaper class, and was able to acquire the biggest thought fragment that was in her body.

[Although I did think that there wouldn’t be anyone other than me left on the continent, I could not stop myself from doing those foolish things.](Reta)

[Even though you know it’s foolish, how!](Erta)

Just as Erta was about to get more enraged, Yu IlHan spoke in a helpless voice.

“And that Abandoned World got connected with Earth like this.”

[As a result, fortunately, I have acquired this opportunity to pass on this truth to someone else.](Reta)

[That’s true.](Erta)

Erta was just about to corner her when she became dejected. However, she then blamed it all on Yu IlHan.

[If you’re not such an OP character.](Erta)

“If not, then I wouldn’t even be here, listening to this talk.”

Calming Erta, who was feeling both joy and despair at the unfair reality, down, Yu IlHan spoke back to Reta Kar’iha.

“I know how frustrated you must be, but I’m very weak right now. Meaning, I don’t have any ability to fight against those dragons and shit.”

Yes. That was the point. He did understand how frustrated and angry Reta Kar’iha must be, but he himself wasn’t that strong yet. He might be able to kill a 3rd class dragonkin if he fought to death, but that was it.

Yu IlHan liked new things and new adventures, but he declined in betting his life. He was just going to ignore the dead’s thoughts as just thoughts.

[However, Daréu has already been connected to Earth. If we do not sever the connection, people of Earth would have to face dragons eventually.](Reta)

Shivering, Yu IlHan spoke to Erta.

“The defendant may answer to the judge’s question. What has become of the dungeon in the Gra…”

[It’s true. The seal cannot be permanent, and that doesn’t mean we can erase the dungeon itself.](Erta)

Before he had even finished asking, the answer came back to him. He sighed.

[Lita already said, didn’t she? They will request the people of Earth using Heaven’s Quests.](Erta)

“Oh yeah, that’s true.”

Thinking back to Lita’s sorry face back then, Yu IlHan asked Reta Kar’iha.

“Is it that urgent?”

[Of course, it may be alright right now. the probability that the existences inside Daréu have found the connection with Earth, is very low. However, if the 2nd Great Cataclysm occurs……](Reta)

Stopping there, Yu IlHan thought back to what Erta talked about a while ago.

Didn’t she say that high level people would have to go inside lower level restricted dungeons when the 2nd Great Cataclysm occurs?

He instinctively realized. Yu IlHan was about to hear what he didn’t hear back then.

“What happens then?”

[The concentration of mana on Earth would rise and the probability of a Dungeon Break occurring rises as well, so at that point, they would be able to come over to Earth.](Erta)

“Explain what a Dungeon Break is first.”

He was annoyed with all the new proper nouns. Realizing how he was feeling, Erta obediently explained this time.

Dungeon Breaks refer to the phenomenon where the Traps of Destruction break down due to the high concentration of mana after the 2nd Great Cataclysm. It would explode if unlucky, so it would be good if you cleaned it out beforehand.](Erta)

That itself was something he had heard before. Even in other novels and games, when one left dungeons alone for a long time, then the overflowing monsters caused accidents.

“Can’t you make it sturdy from the beginning?”

[As I already said, all dungeons naturally break down, so you cannot trust in dungeons. Dungeons only exist as a delay.](Erta)

Yes, she definitely said that on the day Yu IlHan asked about that to her.

Truly damned.

[It is not that we can’t make a sturdier and a longer-lasting dungeon, but naturally, it would require more precious materials. Heaven doesn’t have an infinite amount of materials. Meaning, we can’t distribute them to all worlds equally. Moreover, if we scattered strong Traps of Destruction, then overflows occur. Overflows are worse than Dungeon Breaks.](Erta)

If the attraction force of the Traps of Destruction is too low, then monsters would simply ignore it, and if it’s too strong, then an overflow occurs and mutated species are born… And even if it’s properly made, then it was unknown when it would explode, and needed regular cleaning.

“Can’t we just not make dungeons?”

[That’s easy for us, but humans would all die, right?](Erta)

That’s true, such a tiresome matter.

Anyway, Yu IlHan now knew of the full situation. First, the sealed dungeon was still connected to an Abandoned World, and horrifying dragons were everywhere there.

Earth would definitely go against them sometime.

“Can we not know when the 2nd Great Cataclysm would occur on Earth?”

[Unlike the 1st Great Cataclysm, the time of the 2nd Great Cataclysm is very dynamic. Earth’s 2nd Great Cataclysm was originally set in 150 years after the first, but during the two months after the first Great Cataclysm, that time has changed tremendously.](Erta)

“How many years?”

[50 years left.](Erta)

“Wao!”

100 years were reduced in 2 months, so using simple calculations, there was one month left.

[It’s not!](Erta)

“Hey, don’t read my mind again.”

[I can’t help it since it’s all readable! Anyway it won’t be one month. Moreover, we sealed it using the power of Heaven so it wouldn’t burst out quickly.](Erta)

However, the more Erta assured him, the more worried he got. At least, it was clear that there was room for him to not care at all.

“Do I have no choice but to hurry a little?”

[It becomes possible to use the skill, Angel’s Support, in an Abandoned World. You would become at least 1.5 stronger than now.](Erta)

“Even so, unless I can use mana, it will be impossible for me to go against 4th class. It might be somehow possible to go against 3rd class, but it’s not like I can pick them out to fight.”

[That.](Reta)

Reta Kar’iha, her desperate thoughts interfered as if to answer Yu IlHan. With a desperate voice as if she had waited for this moment.

[I can help you.](Reta)

As the situation was like this, Yu IlHan took the bait without hesitation.

“……Shall we hear more of that?”

Reta Kar’iha’s following explanations were very simple.

During the last stages of the war between the continental alliance and the dragons, she acquired control of the elven empire’s magic formation which spread throughout the entire world of Daréu.

That was an OP magic formation was able to see through all the levels and the races of those who step on the ground, and enabled the user to teleport anywhere on the continent. The reason why Reta was able to do a guerilla battle over the long years was all thanks to that magic formation as well.

[It’s a magic formation that was created with the spiritual techniques unique to elves created over tens of thousands of years. Those that aren’t elves cannot even notice the formation. It was passed down to generations of successors of the empire, but they all died and I’ve gained control of it.](Reta)

[There’s such an OP formation, but why did they lose to dragons?](Erta)

“Did you even see a life going as planned?”

Yu IlHan’s criticism made Erta pout and Reta Kar’iha’s thoughts giggle. That was because he had said the exact words that she wanted to say.

“So now, I’m able to kill them after I pick them out?”

[Correct](Reta)

“I’m human though, can I use that formation?”

[As long as my power of life resides within you, it’s possible if you have enough magic stones.]

“Is that so…”

Yu IlHan thought for a moment before he tapped his cheeks. It did make him complex now that he had heard so many things at once, but organizing the stuff that he should do, the conclusion was very simple.

Going inside the dungeon with Reta Kar’iha, find the easy ones, and kill them. Simple.

And if he hurried before the 2nd Great Cataclysm arrived, then that would be for the best.

“Let’s do this alone as far as possible. If I find that it’s too hard, then it won’t be late to spread it around at that time.”

[Why, Yu IlHan? We don’t want you to bear such a heavy burden by yourself. Moreover, a catastrophe would occur on Earth if it goes wrong, so even if you just have to tell the ones with guardian angels!](Erta)

“No, I can’t do that.”

Yu IlHan replied with a laugh.

There were two reasons.

First, the returnees were still too weak. Even if the told them this fact right now, he would only be sacrificing future battle power. Telling them should come later.

And second.

“Dragon’s skin should be awesome right? I cannot give such leather to anyone other than myself!”

[……]

[……]

This was the moment when Reta Kar’iha realized that the one who killed her was a huge pervert.



Chapter 63

Lita said she would come back soon, but she didn’t come back even until when Yu IlHan went to sleep after he left the dungeon and came back to Korea.

When she didn’t come back even though it was the afternoon, Yu IlHan started being worried about her.

“Did something happen?”

[……Wouldn’t she come back alive and well when it’s time?](Erta)

Erta said in a slightly dissatisfied voice. She wouldn’t want to admit, but she was currently jealous of Lita. She didn’t think that Yu IlHan would slightly panic just because Lita came back one or two days late.

“It was alright when I thought I wouldn’t be able to meet her again, but now that she’s not here when she’s supposed to, it feels slightly weird.”

[Do you like Lita?](Erta)

“Yeah, I like her.”

Yu IlHan replied immediately without hesitation.

“She’s the only non-family member who cherishes me without any ulterior motives.”

[……Oh, really, now…](Erta)

Yu IlHan was having a huge misunderstanding. If Lita didn’t have any ulterior motives, then the men who gather at clubs in Gangnam were daoists. Lita’s figure of busying herself with just that one feeling of hers without any regard for pride and arrogance of a higher existence, was a marvel.

Erta really wanted to tell him that, but she was afraid what he would do after she did so, so she couldn’t say it out aloud.

‘To think that my emotions are being swayed by confronting a mere human, I’m disqualified as an angel. The biggest problem is that I’m thinking it is alright to do this. Aah, this is making me crazy.’

Heaving a small sigh, Erta obediently lied on Yu IlHan’s head. She just wished that this ripple wouldn’t last long.

At that moment, Yu IlHan said in a bland tone.

“Erta, you too. You always make me enjoy myself. I’m thankful for that.”

[Wh, what’s this all of a sudden? I have a lot of ulterior motives for doing that! You’re misunderstanding quite a lot.](Erta)

“What the hell are you saying?”

Due to the panic of Yu IlHan’s sudden surprise attack, Erta said whatever was on her mind.

Immediately after that, she realized the meaning of her words and screamed silently while rolling on Yu IlHan’s head, but he, who had talent in reading foreshadows, but had none in interpreting a woman’s words, just thought that they were jokes and laughed.

“Well, then. Shall I go about creating the weapon to sell to the Empress?”

He was still worried about Lita, but he couldn’t not work right now. His stamina returned while exchanging jokes(only he thought like that), so now it was time to start working.

[I’m home!](Lita)

But Lita just had to come back at that moment. It was more annoying since she said that in a bright voice.

[This isn’t your home, Lita.](Erta)

[The place where IlHan is my home!](Lita)

It was frustrating since it actually sounded quite reasonable. However, while Erta was thinking up of about 20 lines that made angels go crazy, that Yu IlHan said in the two months without LIta, Lita embraced Yu IlHan.

[I’m sorry I’m late, IlHan!](LIta)

“!@##$%&#*@.”

As she normally refrained from such direct skinship, it was more sudden. Moreover, the breathtaking, rich, elastic, good-feeling……eeei!

“It’s embarrassing!”

[No, I won’t let go until I charge up!](Lita)

Yu IlHan pushed Lita away with a red face, but Lita, unlike usual, was very clingy. Heaven and hell assaulted Yu IlHan alternately.

In contrast, Erta thought that there was a reason to why Lita suddenly became like this and asked her with narrowed eyes.

[What happened, Lita?](Erta)

[I’m going to get busy again.](Lita)

“Even though you just came down?”

[Yeah, that damned angel. I need to prepare for an advancement.](Lita)

Yu IlHan’s resistance momentarily stopped.

That was true. He had completely forgotten due to the story of the Abandoned World he heard from Reta Kar’iha, but a gate to another world opening in a dungeon was definitely not a normal matter.

“So? What was actually up with that? You can explain, right?”

[Yeah. I will explain it to you after just 48 more hours.](Lita)

[If you do not get apart after 48 seconds, then I will report it above.](Erta)

Even while gritting her teeth, Lita obediently left Yu IlHan at Erta’s knife-like declaration. After she clung to him for exactly 48 seconds more, that is.

[I think there’s someone behind him. He seemed to get scared after we said we’ll kill him so he blabbed on about that.](Lita)

[Behind? Do you mean a transcendent group?](Erta)

[Probably.](Lita)

Yu IlHan expected that much. That angel was not insane, why would he do something that would screw him over if he got found out? And alone too.

“So? Who is that ‘behind’ person?”

[Dunno.](Lita)

“Ah, got it.”

[Oooouch.](Lita)

Coincidentally, Lita was human sized right now. Yu IlHan commenced noogie’ing Lita. Lita suffered while flapping her wings.

[But we really don’t know!](LIta)

[There’s no way a higher existence would open his mouth with mere torture. He didn’t even say anything even with Lita’s 3000 air combo.](Erta)

“Isn’t that because he was in too much pain to speak?”

However, just because they didn’t know who was behind him, it wasn’t like they could do nothing in preparation. Increasing the ratio of higher ranked angels dispatched to Earth, and managing the dungeons more strictly would be able to prevent most situations before they got too big.

[This is all thanks to IlHan.](Lita)

“I was just lucky.”

They were just coincidentally walking nearby and Lita noticed a dungeon concealment. If Yu IlHan did anything that was killing the mage before he could do anything. Just that.

[There’s a lot to do. Cleaning up Daréu, and severing the connections with other worlds… If we think about how this all happened because we sent the humans of Earth to other worlds, I can only sigh. There probably won’t be another case where we prepare another world for a Great Cataclysm like with Earth.](Erta)

[Probably, right? Well, I’m not gonna complain since I got to meet with IlHan thanks to that……but what? Daréu?](LIta)

Erta and Yu IlHan told her that they talked with the thought of Reta Kar’iha. When they talked about how an Abandoned World was connected with Daréu completely, and that dragons were all over the place in that world, Lita asked back while blinking.

[So? Why did it get connected to Earth?](Lita)

“Dunno.”

[Hey.](Lita)

Yu IlHan’s counterattack saw light.

[It seems she couldn’t understand to that point. In my estimation, as the Earth, which was static for 1000 years, got connected to numerous other worlds, the backlash due to that caused a chemical reaction in dungeons, which can be called a separate space despite belonging to Earth, and as a result, a path to another world was created.](Erta)

“Shortly.”

[Earth was really unlucky. You will have to suffer a lot in the future too.](Erta)

“Good, it makes me angry, but that’s much more direct.”

Erta summed it up and Yu IlHan accepted. Lita resolved to learn to shorten everything clearly and directly.

[Oh, yeah. Get your rewards, IlHan.]

“Oh, yes, that happened.”

Lita embraced Yu IlHan’s head again. Erta did wonder if she really had to give him the reward that way, but didn’t interfere this time.

[Heaven’s Quest, Guarding Earth, complete!]

[All status has increased by 4. Magic increases by an additional 10.]

[The skill, Superhuman Strength, has become level 20. The duration of the skill increases.]

[The skill, Critical Hit, has become level 20. The probability of critical hits activating increases.]

[The skill, Leap, had become level 20. You can do a single additional leap in mid air.]

The reward was 26 status points and a massive level up in a portion of his skills. This should be similar to when he acquired the superhuman strength skill, where his abilities were amplified using the power of the records from the monsters he killed.

Not to mention the stats, the skills enhanced were all that influenced battle so he was very satisfied. The fact that his enemy was a 4th class mage probably increased his reward.

Especially, even though the Leap skill was something he had acquired relatively recently compared to other skills, it was also increased to level 20 at once like the others. The fact that a new ability was added in that process was more wonderful. Now he could leap again without the use of mana.

As the leap skill was derived from superhuman strength, he only predicted that the abilities of the monsters he killed were realized through this skill.

“So, do you need to go back to Heaven, Lita?”

[Not immediately, I’m just going to be away for a few hours a day until I advance for real. I will definitely follow you when you’re going to dungeons so don’t worry!](Lita)

That was the solution. He was nervous for a moment thinking that he wouldn’t be able to meet her again. With a lightened heart, Yu IlHan took out a magic stone from his Cross Bag before flicking it. The Eternal Flame in the furnace flickered its tongue and swallowed it.

“Then I should start working now.”

Earth’s environment was already so cruel but it was becoming even harsher. He did need to suffer, but he wouldn’t suffer alone even if he died. All people of Earth had to suffer together fairly.

The important thing in order to do that was to bring up their battle power! The first step was creating Kang MiRae’s equipment.

Quegna’s bones were materials that were extremely hard to handle, but since Yu IlHan had a previous career of making Traps of Destruction using harkanium, it was no different from goblin hunting.

As soon as he found out that it was possible to reshape them by melting them despite being bones of a monster, Yu IlHan went into work like a fish that met water.

“The flaw is that it’s a little too soft. Hm, alloy?”

Since he had used the hearts of Metal Hearts here and there, he really didn’t have much left. It wasn’t like Kang MiRae was going to beat the monsters up with this by swinging it around, so it would be possible to increase enough hardness by mixing other metals.

Taking care so that the characteristics of Quegna’s bones would not be damaged, Yu IlHan tried alloying a number of times, and as he didn’t have a master level blacksmithing for nothing, he could make a staff with the best hardness and the best magic power amplification ability. Erta and Lita did not try to retort anymore.

“And a 3rd magic stone to finish.”

[Aah, our IlHan does not know what he’s doing.](Lita)

[If he tries to sell that at 10 billion won (8.5 million USD), then Lita, you should restrain him, got that?}(Erta)

The staff was a unique rank item even before the mana crafting. Its value was already over 10 billion won at that point, but now he was about to proceed mana crafting with a 3rd class monster’s magic stone, even though no other person on Earth would dare fight against such monsters. He would have to see the result to realize.

‘Lightning magic ability amplification. And magic cool time reduction. The Empress told me of the hero. Let’s imagine that figure.’

Kang MiRae’s useless chatter actually became useful. Imagining the figure of a hero that was in her story, Yu IlHan focused on mana crafting as much as possible. If some lame weapon came out, then the place she could suffer in would be limited. As strong as possible! As strong as possible!

Light appeared. A storm of brilliant golden light, befitting of the Empress who wielded the power of lightning, covered Yu IlHan’s workshop! Lita and Erta, who already predicted what the outcome would be, closed their eyes and prayed that the Empress had enough money.

And green text appeared on Yu IlHan’s black colored retina.

[Lightning God-Blessed Heavenly Lightning Excitement Bone Staff was completed!]

[The skill, Mana Crafting, has become level 31.]

[Lightning God-Blessed Heavenly Lightning Excitement Bone Staff]

[Rank – Legend]

[Attack Power – 1,900]

[Magic Attack Power – 3,100]

[Options – 40% increase in all lightning magic, 60% decrease in casting time, 30% decrease in lightning magic cool time, special skill, Excitement, usable once a week.]

[Excitement – For 5 minutes, all casting time, activation time, cool time of all magic disappears, but the mana used increases by 2 times. Only applicable to user, and after the duration ends, all abilities decrease by 30% for one hour.]

[User restrictions – 200 Magic or above, lower level lightning magic Lv 50 or above]

[Durability – 2,800/2,800]

[A staff that was completed by transcending the limits of the materials, by the best smith across all worlds, using low level materials that did not fit him, with all his soul. The wielder would be able to destroy mountains.]

Yu IlHan read down the descriptions of the item, and muttered composedly.

“Wao.”

Bullshit ‘composedly’.

[I knew this would happen.](Lita)

[I think this is better than the staff that the legendary hero in that story used, what do we do now?](Erta)

Yu IlHan pondered for a moment, but he shrugged his shoulders and spoke.

“Well, she’ll give me even if she has to pull her roots out.”

Quegna’s bones, which had mana inside them, and were preserved at their best conditions due to Yu IlHan’s fighting method, was useful for making all kinds of weapons and not just staves.

Thinking that it was fortunate that he had killed about 1000 of them since he was bored, Yu IlHan made other gear and lastly, made a robe that Kang MiRae would use.

The robe, made with the leather of the Giant Thunder Bird that died most normally, and several 2nd class magic stones, fortunately stopped at unique rank.

“Well, then. Let’s go pull the Empress’ roots out.”

[I’m quite curious of her reaction if you show her even the black mage’s coat.](Erta)

[She wouldn’t ask for marriage saying she would pay back in her lifetime, right?](Lita)

With the two angels who were tainted by the ridiculous Korean media, Yu IlHan finished preparing to go meet the Empress. This was the moment when the weapon made by the best blacksmith across all worlds, appeared in the world.



Chapter 64

“……”

The scheduled place was the previous tea house. Kang MiRae met him again with her mask off, and as such, Yu IlHan could see the change in her expression as she was reading the stats of the staff.

“Mr. Yu IlHan?”

“Yes.”

“Just what…… No.”

Kang MiRae couldn’t let go of the staff in her hands so she kept touching it and eventually placed it on the table and looked at him. His face was hidden from the nose to the forehead, but his eyes could be seen.

“Was this really made after I gave you the request?”

“Yes. I think that the options that miss Kang MiRae wants are all there.”

“Yes, they sure did. All of them……A little, too much.”

With a sigh, Kang MiRae wrapped her head with her hands.

“You have a connection with a smith that can make such artifacts? He’s much better than my imagination. I’m really…… pathetic.”

Kang MiRae bit her lips very slightly.

Along with appreciation that Yu IlHan had got her an artifact that was more than perfect, a mix of jealousy, inferiority, curiosity and an unknown feeling was making the Empress’ expression collapse emptily, despite the fact that no other fact was able to do that in quite a long time.

“It’s not my ability but the smith’s, so there’s nothing great about me.”

“The fact that you have a connection with an artifact craftsmen that has an ability make an artifact of this level is already amazing. You can even request that person an artifact for an another person as well. You really are…… really.”

Kang MiRae closed her eyes. She tried her best to calm down her frustrated heart, and she seemed to succeed as as she open her eyes after calming down her heart. Her eyes were emitting violent light.

“First, I think I should fix something that you might be misunderstanding.”

“Misunderstanding?”

“How much do you think this weapon is worth?”

“Around 20…… 40 billion?”

Yu IlHan was about to say 20 billion but as Kang MiRae’s brows twitched, so he instantly puffed up the price by two times, but Kang MiRae shook her head with a face that looked like an icy mask.

“In the last 10 years, people of Earth experienced numerous things themselves in other worlds, and some of them managed to acquire amazing artifacts using tremendous luck. However, I can declare that none of those can surpass this staff. How? Do you think the capabilities of the people of Earth are too low?”

“……Are you trying to say that there’s no other artifact at the same level as this staff in other worlds?”

“There shouldn’t be none. There should be several tens of them, even.”

Several tens across that many worlds. There was no way such things would come in the hand of a person of Earth. Kang MiRae was saying that.

“How is a value of an item decided? Using supply and demand right? Then I’ll ask again. What should be the price of this staff?”

“As much as I want.”

“Correct.”

The Empress lightly smiled. Then she pushed the staff towards Yu IlHan’s side. She did this without hesitation.

“As such, I cannot buy this. It seems I was a little too greedy.”

“Hm.”

She could be more shrewd – Yu IlHan thought.

Yu IlHan was no idiot. He knew that his skills were exceptional, and knows that this artifact has a tremendous ability. No matter how well Kang MiRae lived, she wouldn’t have any money to buy anything of this level.

However, the reason he was trying to sell this to Kang MiRae was to increase her battle power. Money was only secondary. She could have just closed her eyes this once and accepted, but she truly was strict.

She was strict with herself as much as she was with other people. She was an steel like girl who would not accept dishonesty. Disregarding the matters between man and women, he couldn’t help but have a good impression of her.

“How about 100 billion?”

“Not enough at all.”

“I’m saying that I will give it to you for that price.”

“I refuse.”

Kang MiRae’s expression turned a little ugly. Yu IlHan realized that he had made a mistake seeing her uncomfortable expression, but he had to say what he had to.

“You’ve talked about my ability a moment ago.”

“I did, and what does it have anything to do with this weapon?”

“If the fact that I have connections with an amazing smith is my ability, then shouldn’t the fact that you, miss Kang MiRae, can buy this weapon cheaply from my hands, your ability?”

“How is that my ability?”

“Miss Kang MiRae had enough magical power to inflict a fatal strike to the shadow leopard even when you had a low level. The reason I thought to take a request from you was also because I thought that you had the qualifications to use a better weapon. As such, shouldn’t it be that you’ve acquired this weapon with your ability?”

Yu IlHan’s following words made Kang MiRae’s expression loosen a little. Her inferiority lessened a little after she knew that Yu IlHan was also conscious of her.

However, she turned to her prim expression and asked Yu IlHan.

“I think you’re twisting things a little. Are you thinking of something else? Do you have anything that’s forcing you to sell this weapon to me?”

That didn’t work…

Yu IlHan licked his lips. Now that it had come to this, there was no choice but to reveal his real intentions a little.

“I want miss Kang MiRae to become stronger faster.”

“Why?”

“The people of Earth are too weak right now. I’m worried that the world may end at this rate.”

“……”

Kang MiRae became speechless. She really wanted to retort at his exaggeratedly arrogant words, but thinking back to his unbelievable power that he showed while fighting the shadow leopard, she had no choice but to accept it.

“You do know that the status of Earth right now isn’t that good, right? It’s already annoying that everything’s changing so quickly, but now, external factors are interfering as well. The only ones I can trust in are the people of Earth, but they’re too weak too. However, I think that miss Kang MiRae would become sufficiently strong with a suitable weapon. That’s why I contacted you.”

“Pfu.”

Kang MiRae let out a weird breath. Yu IlHan thought she was practicing some weird breathing techniques, but it was his misunderstanding – the next moment, Kang MiRae let out a laugh.”

“Pu, Pufufufu.”

“Are you alright?”

“Pufufffufufu!”

It seems she was not alright at all. Just as he was thinking if this woman had gone crazy and that he needed to run away, leaving her behind, Kang MiRae stopped laughing.

Then, she placed her hands on the staff and pulled it towards her.

“Okay, I will buy it for 100 billion. I will snap my useless pride, and obediently accept your good will.”

“Really?”

“However, remember this.”

Kang MiRae took the staff and lighting sparked in her eyes. Her face became red and Yu IlHan barely realized that she was getting angry.

“I will definitely become stronger than you. Definitely, stronger, than, you. Much, much stronger, so that you cannot say something like that to me again. At that time, you will have to catch up desperately. Do you get that?”

“Yeah, well. It doesn’t really matter.”

It seems this was a declaration of a lifetime for Kang MiRae, but Yu IlHan could even say ‘hooray’ with all his might, not just welcoming it. How comfortable would it be if Earth became safe without the need for Yu IlHan to do anything as Kang MiRae became strong?”

In the first place, the things Yu IlHan pursued was different to the one that Kang MIRae was pursuing. One was boiling and one was cold.

Perhaps, that was why Yu IlHan had become a stimulant for Kang MIRae. Yu IlHan didn’t know of this fact, but he just smiled brightly as the transaction was successful.

Then, he took out a robe from his Cross Bag and spoke to her.

“Then would you like to have a look at the robe too? Fortunately, this stopped at unique.”

“……”

Kang MiRae became stiff with her declaration posture and eventually, she extended her hand to check the information on the robe that Yu IlHan had taken out. Then, she said in an ant-like voice.

“I’m sorry, but can I call for a friend? I don’t have enough money.”

“Go ahead.”

Yu IlHan nodded in understanding. He wouldn’t have said that if he knew who the friend was that she was calling, but unless he knew everything, there was no helping it.

And the one that appeared in less than 10 minutes was none other than Na YuNa.

“How!”

“Ah, it’s IlHaaan!”

“I said don’t call me like a friend.”

Yu IlHan retorted at Na YuNa while frowning after seeing her waving her hands with a bright smile. He did know that there was a friendly relationship between Na YuNa and Kang MiRae, but to think that the friend she called to borrow money from was her!

While Yu IlHan had become depressed, Kang MiRae mercilessly pulled Na YuNa from getting into contact with Yu IlHan and made her sit next to herself.

“Don’t act like a child, Na YuNa.”

“But Miraeee. You said you didn’t know Mr. Yu IlHan when I asked you.”

“I became to know him somehow.”

“Liiies. Are you two dating? That’s no good.”

“I became to know him somehow.”

When Kang MiRae repeated herself while making lightning on one of her hands, Na YuNa shut her mouth while laughing. Kang MiRae quickly explained her situation, and Na YuNa immediately checked on the abilities of the staff and the robe.

Then, she shouted at him while emitting stars from her eyes.

“Please make mine too!”

“That’s why I said too, go procure some holy stones.”

“Uuu, okay. That quest is hard though.”

Na YuNa obediently nodded her head and went into thought while biting her fingers like a kid. Then she said this.

“Wouldn’t it do as a deposit to give him 150 billion and a building?”

“Where?”

“There’s one that grandpa is saving up in gangnam reinforced area, but he would probably give it to me if I give him a kiss.”

“Ah, that’s definitely…”

Seeing the mentally distant conversation between Kang MiRae and Na YuNa, Yu IlHan just decided to stop thinking.

It was easy for him to think that they were different people to him. Returnees and a dropout. Quite clear, right? The fact that they were born with the biggest diamond spoons in their mouths, had a perfect outer appearance, and even had exceptional capabilities, made Yu IlHan frustrated, but he kept it down.

“You said you’ll make mine and HaJin-oppa’s too, right? Then I need to give you more.”

“That’s enough. I’m not trying to do business here.”

“It seems you are really well off. I thought my house was the best in Korea.”

“No.”

The transaction ended on a clean note.

With a few calls from the two women in their twenties, a bank account with 150 billion won was made, and it was decided that he would gradually receive the building. He thought that this was the end, but Kang MiRae made a finisher while hugging the staff.

“Don’t worry about tax. We’ll take care of it.”

“……Is that so.”

Left hook, right hook, straight, and a perfect finish. It was more frustrating that she did all this unintentionally. Even Erta, who was watching, momentarily pulled on Yu IlHan’s hair strongly.

However, Yu IlHan just.

Thought that he should smile.

After the transaction was successful, Yu IlHan left and the big room only had Kang MiRae and Na YuNa left. Kang MIRae was still hugging the staff, and Na YuNa was looking in the direction that Yu IlHan had left.

Just then, Na YuNa suddenly asked.

“Do you like IlHan? Is it finally your first love?”

“No way.”

Kang MiRae immediately denied it.

“That person is my rival. I will definitely surpass him in the future.”

“So that’s iiit. Well, he’s really an interesting guy, but I do think we should watch him for the time being.”

“……You’re interested in that person?”

“A littllle? I think he fulfills the requirement of his grandson-in-law. Um, just a little though!”

“Okay.”

Kang MIRae nodded with a calm expression. Na YuNa started blowing on her hot coffee to drink with an innocent face, but Kang MiRae didn’t know what she was thinking.

Na YuNa was like this from the past. Nobody knew what was inside her heart.

‘But that person’s no good, YuNa.’

Kang MiRae thought,

She didn’t really lie to Na YuNa. Liking Yu IlHan? She believed that there was no affection between them since they just fought together twice and met with each other for business matters.

However, Yu IlHan had more talent than anyone else she had met until now. Despite the fact that he had sufficient, no, overflowing ability, he proceeded without stopping, did not get full of himself, and most importantly, his firmness and leisure could be seen from his actions.

Confidence that didn’t go overboard, ability befitting that confidence, and even charm. Only that was a man worthy of Kang MiRae’s conquer.

‘He’s a man fit for me. Perhaps, he’s bigger than what I can have.’

Kang MiRae wanted to acquire Yu IlHan. She couldn’t help but want to have him when she looked at him.

The first desire for possession for a person. People said blood cannot be faked, and it seemed that she was similar to Kang HaJin in regards to this.

However, she did not believe in love. Excluding the family-like relationship with Kang HaJin and Na YuNa, she thought that all other relationships between humans were that of trading.

As such, to acquire Yu IlHan, she needed to put herself on the line. Only then would it become a fair trade. If she thought that she was insufficient, then she would try to acquire him after bringing up her own value. Growing like how he wants, no, even more than that, so that he would accept her while nodding his head.

Never, could she let Na YuNa steal him.

Of course, she would never know that her greatest enemy was not a mere Na YuNa.



Chapter 65

Yu IlHan, who had first come home, became stupefied by the flood of photos that came through his mobile messenger, which came from Na YuNa, because his mobile messenger app automatically added her as a friend the moment they exchanged numbers.

The photos contained information on the building inside Gangnam reinforced district, that he was supposed to take over. At the end of the message, there was a curse message, saying that she would contact him frequently. He really wanted to delete her number immediately, but for his aims, there was a need to keep in contact with her.

Na YuNa also knew this, so this may have made her send cute and annoying emojis, trying to become closer to him.

More than that.

“What do I do…”

Somehow, he now had become an owner of a building. And this was no ordinary building, but one inside the Gangnam reinforced district where many ability users, hired by various VIPs and those in power, were keeping strict security!

[Loan them out for rent, and you’d become filthy rich.](Lita)

[It’s kinda funny how they’re bragging about ‘reinforced district’, when the ones protecting them are only around level 40, but it is for sure that this would become the center of Korea for a while. It’s no loss owning it, right?](Erta)

That was true; by selling a staff and a robe, Yu IlHan had instantly entered the center of Korea.

Just having a lot of money didn’t allow one to enter the Gangnam reinforced district. Above all, the ones with the vested interests would not allow it to happen.

However, somehow, Yu IlHan now had a connection with Kang MiRae, who was one of the top-runners in both the ones with vested interests, and in financial power. As a result, he could enter the center of Korea too easily.

The problem was that Yu IlHan didn’t find that fact that helpful.

“This kind of building is doomed with a stomp from a monster, though?”

In the current world, there was nothing more false than visual treasures. Of course, Yu IlHan had no such greed in money in the first place, but the world as it is right now was like that as well.

Do they know? That the land that they’re desperately guarding, is just a delusion that would collapse with the appearance of a single shadow leopard.

“i wonder if they don’t know, or they can’t do anything even if they know; since they’ve been to other worlds and all.”

[Strong people over level 50 are not that common.](Erta)

[Humanity’s growth rate is exceptionally fast. Wouldn’t the guarding forces become stronger as well?](Lita)

Yu IlHan truly wished that it would become so. And he was moving around for that objective as well.

At that moment, Lita clapped her hands and spoke to Yu IlHan.

[Perhaps, that woman, may have given IlHan the building in order to draw him to her side?](Lita)

“Yeah, that’s probably it.”

Yu IlHan also expected that much. She may have thought that Yu IlHan would do something if Gangnam was in danger, even if to protect his own assets.

Thinking that Na YuNa was the one to bring it up, he judged that she wasn’t such a klutz.

“20 billion was fine too.”

“Of course, that would only work against people who were greedy for money. Yu IlHan only wanted to enhance the Empress’ power in the first place, so there was no way he would become obsessed with protecting the building; he couldn’t care less.

He couldn’t care less, but he thought that he might be able to achieve something he wanted to do with that building.

“That building would receive everyone’s attention.”

[Well, it is in the yolk part of the commercial center of Korea.](Erta)

[So, there were some famous brand stores but some left this time. Well, the Great Cataclysm shakes the original standards.](Lita)

Yes. A developing industry might start to regress, and a completely unattended industry might develop as well. Earth, which was advancing and making different standards to other worlds, was making a society unseen anywhere else, after the Great Cataclysm.

However, there was one industry that would never collapse as long as monsters existed in the world.

The arms industry.

“That’s good. I’ll just sell here.”

[You’re quite optimistic?]((Lita)

“Well, anything would never end if you hesitate. I should get this over with quickly and do something else.”

[Work again without rest!?](Erta)

Playing soccer in physical education class in middle school was like that. He didn’t want to play but he needed to at least pretend he was playing, but the ball won’t come his way; he would get treated like an invisible man, and to just leave, he was scared.

And as such, he felt the time until the end of the class was so long. If there was a room of mentality and time, then it was probably there.

[Whoa, there are 14 floors too!](Lita)

[There are 5 floors underground as well. Until B3 is a parking lot, but 4th and below seem to be locked.](Erta)

[You should contact a management company.](Lita)

[This jewelry looks really nice.](Erta)

[IlHan, give this noona a necklace.](Lita)

These angels, despite looking like they had no desire for worldly items, were being delighted after looking at the details of the building. It seemed like women were the same whether they were higher existences or not. Rather than that, they sure did talk when they were talking about how this was all Na YuNa’s scheme and whatnot just a moment ago.

However, Yu IlHan didn’t stop them. In his head, another plan was already forming. Enhancing the people of Earth, with this building as the center!

“Let’s decide on a brand name.”

[How about Angel Love?}(Lita)

[Let’s go with Unique.](Erta)

Rejecting Lita’s nonsensical suggestion, Ertaa suggested. However, Yu IlHan shook his head.

“I’m embarrassed so no.”

[How about Y&L?](Lita)

[I can see your intentions clearly in that name. Then let’s go with Savior.](Erta)

After that Angelove, Hammer of Hephaestus, Feather Wing, God Hand, and such embarrassing and exaggerated suggestions came out, but Yu IlHan ignored them all.

“Let’s go with Vanguard.”

Vanguard, the front most soldier of the battlefield. This name contained Yu IlHan’s desperate wish to fall behind, as he was unintentionally at the front most of the people of Earth.

As soon as he decided to act, Yu IlHan moved quickly. First, he cleared up the problem regarding the transferring the rights to the building, and had a meeting with the people related to the building. The wolf skull mask was too well known as a sign of Sungdaein Bolt, so he used another mask.

The people never seemed to have imagined that the owner was the strongest ability user in Korea. The tenants all finished talking with him, and the only fact they were able to get was that their new owner had a grade 8 syndrome.

And some, left the building with sufficient compensation.

Yu IlHan bought an apartment near the building he received. Once, this apartment boasted the greatest price in Korea, and now, it became even more expensive due to being within the Gangnam reinforced district, but since Yu IlHan had 150 billion won, he bought out the entire top floor. tens of billions flew away like that, but he didn’t mind.

[My IlHan spends his money so well too. So cool.](Lita)

[That’s because he doesn’t have any desire for money.](Erta)

Never did he manage a building in his life, so he hired a management company, like what Kang MiRae had advised, and decided to not care anymore about it.

The only thing important to him was the space for himself to use and manage.

He also moved his workshop to the 5th underground floor of the building. Angels helped him out in this one. Somehow, only the males were summoned, but they all had good impressions towards Yu IlHan.

[Aha, so this is the promising guy?]

[I think you might be able to become an angel some day.]

[No, we can’t give him a cast of an angel to this kind human.]

[That’s true.]

All the things in the workshop was moved to the 5th underground floor of the building in Gangnam, and while they were at it, they also enhanced the protective magic on it. On the building, and on some of the floors too! Thanks to the fact that Yu IlHan had become an Angel’s Partner, he could receive some minor help like this in everything he did.

“Good environment.”

Looking at the underground workshop that kept its silence due to the soundproofing magic, and the eternal flame that burned strongly within a bigger, new furnace, Yu IlHan smiled.

“Then should I start?”

He didn’t go through mana crafting. Using the byproducts from monsters between level 30 and 40, which he had a pile of in his Cross Bag, he made swords, spears, axes, hammers, shields, breastplates, shoulderplates, shinguards, boots, gauntlets, etc.

As he didn’t use the byproducts from Metal Hearts or Quegnae, they were mostly made of bone or leather, but even so, their performance was truly vicious to the point that they couldn’t be seen easily in other worlds as well. For example, there was something like this.

[Frightening Hard Leather Gauntlet]

[Rank -Rare]

[Defense – 1,900]

[Options – 10% increase in attack power in close combat.]

[Durability – 1,500/1,500]

[A mass produced armor that the world’s best smith had made using low quality materials. Other smiths would curse on their own ability upon seeing this.]

Such weapons with nonsensical performance were produced in units of tens per day. Because Yu IlHan didn’t put his heart into it? Yu IlHan had never not put in his heart in anything, and even if he did, there was no way a single blacksmith would produce tens of weapons per day.

Yu Ilhan’s work had already escaped the range of an ordinary person’s reason. He looked like he wasn’t moving fast, but despite that, swords and shields and breastplates kept popping out.

[I don’t think he’s at a point that’s possible by just hammering on metal for a few hundred years. He isn’t even using metal either.](Erta)

[Did you just realize that it was strange?](Lita)

Yu IlHan thought that now was the most important time for him. Earth had gone crazy, and it seemed like the 2nd Great Cataclysm, planned 150 years in the future, may arrive at any moment. Reta Kar’iha was nagging him to grow fast, and it was unknown what other forces may be targeting Earth from another world other than dragons.

Even so, he kept hammering away.

He had to live a very long time when the Earth was stopped, and during those years, he had learnt to live correctly and not quickly. Being hasty would make things fail, and trip over a stone.

Yu IlHan thought that now was the time, that he had been announced the shocking news from Reta Kar’iha, to walk on the right path.

Endlessly, truly endlessly he hammered away and raised his techniques beyond perfection, raised Eternal Flame, tried to feel mana by sticking as close to the angels as possible, tried to listen to other souls than Reta Kar’iha, and checked on the skills that he had learnt.

He reconfirmed his titles, saw the limits of his status points, looked back to the techniques engraved in his body, not the skills, and rechecked on his equipments.

Then he thought not about the ones he had to do, but the ones he could do.

The worst villain appearing in an anime once said something nonsensical that great responsibility followed great power, but Yu IlHan thought that power that’s swung around by responsibility would never become strong.

To Yu IlHan, power was not something to protect today, but the ability to make tomorrow.

While Yu IlHan was working, a lot of things happened outside as well.

There was an interior reconstruction in the 13th and 14th floor of the building, a corporate was formed, the brand, Vanguard, was registered, Lita did her special training, and the interior construction in the top floor of the apartment had ended. He hired people to work in his shop, and made a passport.

2 weeks flew past like that. Just as Yu IlHan was about to rest after making a spear, a few green lines of texts appeared on his retina.

[From a dimension far away, the God of Smithing, ???, has discovered you.]

[The God became shocked at your ability to make miracles without the power of miracles. He wants to give you a blessing.]

[If you fulfill two more tasks, the blessing of the God of Smithing, ???, would descend upon you. The contents of the tasks are……]

Becoming dizzy at the hook that came from a direction that he had never imagined, Yu IlHan read down the text again.

However, he had neither read wrong, nor was it an illusion. He didn’t know who the God of Smithing was, but it was true that he wanted to give blessings to Yu IlHan so suddenly, when he was just working. It seemed like this God truly had a lot of free time.

“Erta, it says here that the God of Smithing will give me blessing after I do some homework.”

[……Heh, I am not surprised at all.](Erta)

Erta, who rolled off from the top of Yu IlHan’s head, said that in mid air with her legs trembling. Calmly placing her on his palm, he asked.

“Is this God of Smithing and the God you follow the same guy?”

[No.](Erta)

“Are they existences on an equal level?”

[Not at all. Lord God is a unique existence across all the worlds, but they aren’t like that.](Erta)

“That means that they aren’t unique, right? Are there like hundreds of the same God of Smithing?”

[No, it was ½ probability, but unfortunately, you guessed wrong.]

Erta replied with a small smile.

[God of Smithing, God of Warriors, Goddess of Beauty…… They are each unqiue, but they do not exist.](Erta)

“Oh my.”

Yu IlHan became shocked.

He didn’t even ask and Erta gave him a simple answer!

[I think you’re imagining something very rude right now.](Erta)

“I thought you were pretty.”

[So it was something rude.](Erta)

Yu IlHan said a lie that wouldn’t work at all, but Erta replied coyly while touching her black hair. She seemed to become slightly happy even though it was a lie. With a faint smile, she continued.

[They don’t exist for real. They are only false egos that were born after countless records of a specific field had gathered. They could be called a byproduct of the Akashic Record.](Erta)

“Such nonsensical things are possible?”

[Why are you able to live and breath here right now?](Erta)

Yu IlHan lost his words. So he asked something else.

“The blessing he wants to give me?”

[What can an ego made of records give out? Of course, records. What’s different about a blessing is to the rewards of the Heaven’s Quest is that we add our power into a record that you already have, but they process a completely new record to give you.](Erta)

“Why?”

[Because more records related to smithing would pile up the more you progress as a smith.](Erta)

All records and achievements by Yu IlHan as a smith would enhance the abilities of the God of Smithing. He wasn’t sure what that blessing would be about, but it should probably enhance his smithing abilities.

So, putting it in an old-fashioned way, it was a win-win scenario.

He accepted that point, but there was something that he still couldn’t understand.

“If a God is only a false ego, then what the hell is holy power? The power that Na YuNa wielded; healing injuries and strengthening the body.”

[I will explain about that to you next time, so just know that it is a type of mana for now. Anyway, if it’s you, there won’t come a time where you would use holy power of the God of Smithing, so don’t get your hopes up on that.](Erta)

“Quick-witted as always…”

Yu IlHan inwardly imagined himself doing tanking, dealing, and healing all by himself, but his expectations had been completely shattered. Just as Yu IlHan was stretching himself with a sigh, Erta asked while tilting her head.

[So, what are those tasks? You said that he didn’t give the blessing out for free?](Erta)

“Not telling.”

[Are you picking a fight?](Erta)

“No, not that.”

Yu IlHan ended up laughing. However, his laugh contained unconcealable rage.

“That fucker isn’t telling me what the tasks are.”

[……]

It was fortunate that this God was a false ego beforehand.

If he didn’t, then he would have wandered around several worlds looking for this God of Smithing, to smack him, in vain!



Chapter 66

The start of the brand, Vanguard, was very simple.

Of course, no one would describe a brand starting in the Gangnam reinforced district as ‘simple’.

However, it might not be wrong to say it’s simple since Vanguard, that appeared out of nowhere, started with just a sign board without any advertisements.

Moreover, that brand, despite using the 13th and 14th floors of a building, had locked away the 14th floor entirely. Even a person who had business in other floors questioned that fact.

“Is it a storage room? No, it shouldn’t be. The rent here is huge.”

That didn’t matter since the brand owner was also the owner of the building.

“Just with what confidence did someone hang a poor looking sign in the middle of Gangnam? At least they could tell people what they’re selling. Debt and stock must be piling up soon.”

That didn’t matter since the owner had a lot of money.

Of course, the other people didn’t know of those circumstances. The majority laughed awkwardly upon seeing it, and some laughed in loathing.

The rest of the people, came to the 13th floor to ask what kind of store it was.

And they could understand that the brand Vanguard meant what the word really meant.

“Welcome to Vanguard.”

The two employees that Yu IlHan had picked out after personally interviewing them, greeted the customers. One guide, and one at the counter. He thought about just taking one, but he decided on two after thinking about it.

However, the customers weren’t ready to receive the welcomes of the employees. They had become absent minded after seeing the weapons in display.

“Just what is…”

“What are these, weapons? There are finally these kind of stores?”

Strictly speaking, it wasn’t that there were none of these stores until now, but none of them were as accessible as Vanguard. Well, there was no helping it, because despite the fact that blacksmiths existed on Earth, they did not have the ability to make better products than the artifacts in other worlds. Not to mention, factory produced weapons.

“If you want, you can check the information of the products by grabbing them, but you are not allowed to swing them.”

“I wondered what was up. It looks okay on the outside. Let’s go back. There’s no way they are better than those in other worlds, right?”

“But they look cool. Let’s just look at the information. I can check this one, right?”

“As you wish. However, if you step outside with a product that you haven’t purchased, then the sensor would activate so be careful.”

The employees were only warned of 3 things from Yu IlHan.

First, Vanguard would only operate once a week, on Monday, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. They wouldn’t be able to enter on other days.

Second, one customer may buy up to 2 products.

Third, merchants are not allowed.

Unlike the companion that wanted to go back after thinking that only the outside looked pretty well, the man who could somehow check that the blade of the sword was at least very straight and sharp, grabbed the bastard sword as soon as the employee’s permission fell.

This man had hunted quite a lot both in another world and on Earth, so his level was 22. He was long past the time he would sway due to the weight of the weapon.

“Wow.”

As such, he knew as soon as he picked up the weapon; how perfect the balance of the bastard sword was, and how good the grip was.

Even if the performance of this weapon wasn’t that good, he would be satisfied; he could feel the sincerity of the crafter.

Despite that, he could only get frightened after seeing the text appearing on his retina.

[Sharp Wolf Bone Bastard]

[Rank – Rare]

[Attack Power – 1,950]

[Option – The wielder can cut apart those with higher defense than the attack power of this sword.]

[A mass produced weapon made by the world’s best smith, using low quality materials. Despite the fact that its power does not lack, this bastard was made with common materials and it shows the path that mass produced weapons must go.]

“Just, what is…”

“It’s trash, right? So let’s go to somewhere else.”

“Yes. You can go all you want.”

Kicking his colleague that was speaking nonsense, the man asked the employee.

“Is this sword I grabbed coincidentally this powerful? It’s not, right?”

“Of course it isn’t. It’s Vanguard standard.”

“Vanguard standard…”

An exceptional product that even the 2nd class, the top of the Earth’s ranking right now, would receive without hesitation, was the brand’s standard. The man could only laugh awkwardly.

“Oh my god. Just what is happening on Earth?”

“Why are you being so annoying! Huh?”

The colleague couldn’t stand the man’s hype, and picked up a dagger nearby and ended up screaming. The dagger’s attack power was a staggering 1,300 despite the fact that it looked like it was carved from a bone at most. He didn’t want to believe his eyes, but he knew very well that he couldn’t not believe it.

They exchanged glances. Then asked the employee with one mind.

“How much is it?”

The employee replied with a clean smile.

“All Vanguard’s standard weapons are 100 million won each, sir customer (85,000USD). You can also buy them with suitable monster byproducts.”

The thing Yu IlHan thought about the most while making weapons was of course, the price. Honestly, he wanted to give them out for free to give everyone an opportunity, but he knew very well that opportunity was called opportunity because it could not go in everyone’s direction. There was no way he would be able to make weapons for all the people of Earth.

As such, it was 100 million. A margin between what could prove his value, and what other people could afford. Yu IlHan thought that margin as 100 million.

Like how Yu IlHan did not know of all the circumstances of all the people, he knew the fact that there would be people who wouldn’t be able to buy these weapons despite their sufficient qualifications and talent, and that there would be people who would buy these weapons despite the fact that they had neither motivation nor ability to move forward. However, who would be able to calculate everything? Didn’t even God fail?

As such, he thought that this was the best he could do. If he was wrong, then he would change it later.

“No way, such a good weapon only costs 100 million!? People would line up even if this was sold at 5 billion!”

“However, we don’t even have that 100 million.”

“That’s true.”

The first customers could not buy the weapons so they left helplessly.

Like modern people who liked to gossip, they started chatting about Vanguard on mobile messengers and various SNS, and as they had expected, that information grabbed a huge amount of attention almost instantly.

[Anyone heard of Vanguard?]

[I think it’s a lie though.]

[I just bought a breastplate and a warhammer. I won’t make this long. Anyone that has money should run there right now. Just think that you’re deceived and go. It’s a waste of time just waiting.]

[Ah, shit. It’s definitely a lie but it keeps nagging on my mind.]

[We sold our house and bought weapons for my little brother and I. I don’t know who the owner is, but thank you so much.]

[You bought a weapon after selling your house? It looks like that guy is really well off.]

[Wao, things turned out like this!]

Nothing was sold in the first 2 hours of the store opening, but on the third hour, 2 were sold at once, and 50 more on the two hours after. Then, the store closed.

Not even one week had passed, only half a day had passed and the gossip had spread around to many people, and they all wanted to buy the items, but the employees who were instructed strictly by Yu IlHan, had locked the store as soon as it became 5 p.m.

There were some who tried to force their way in, and those who tried to sneak in and steal, but they all failed just before they could succeed. The magical protection that blocked them, top be exact, the angels’ protective magic, was the reason.

“It’s obvious, but it is no ordinary store.”

“Just what the hell is it? Is this prepared by the one called God?”

“Wouldn’t he give out quests rather than asking for money?”

The people asked the employees who were leaving work, but since they were only hired by Yu IlHan, they could not answer the questions.

There were only 3 that knew how things worked right now, excluding Yu IlHan. Kang MiRae, Kang HaJin, and Na YuNa. On a round table, they were talking about the situation that happened after they gave out the building to Yu IlHan.

“Just what is that person… fuu. It’s tiring to just say it. He shouldn’t have taken the smith here to Earth, right?”

“You know very well that that’s impossible, oppa. It’s his ability. He would be supplied from another world, and release them on Earth.”

Kang MiRae replied in a cold tone after looking at the performance of the shoulder plate and the boots that Kang HaJin had bought himself. After realizing that he was feeling the same emotion as the one that his little sister was feeling, Kang HaJin just made a bitter smile.

“Yes, that must be true. It’s not that his own ability is good. I thought he was a quiet kind of guy, but he had an unbelievable connection like this. Just what did he do to receive total support from such a smith?”

“I don’t think it would just end with ‘such a smith’. It says the best across all worlds. ALL WORLDS.”

Na YuNa pointed out Kang HaJin’s error. All worlds, it couldn’t be said lightly, but the item’s info was as such, so there was no helping it.

So, this meant that the crafter that made this shoulder plate had a better ability than any of the smiths in other worlds. It wasn’t a level that could be reached just by hammering away for hundreds of years, but only Yu IlHan himself didn’t know that.

“It’s a good thing for Earth. It’s unbelievable, but this business of his is only an extension of the trade he had with me. He really is an upright person.”

Kang MiRae concluded. She had a face that had non-acceptance written on it. SHe was feeling slightly touched, and a bigger rage; faint hope and deep despair.

“Fuf, Fuffhi.”

Suddenly, Na YuNa made a weird laugh. The siblings thought that she put on a stone mask, but it wasn’t that. She just found this situation too funny.

“Puhi, puhihihi.”

“Na YuNa, did you get inflicted with mental magic or something?”

“Puhhh, Nooo. Just, huhu. I just understand.”

Na YuNa made a nonchalant wink that didn’t fit with her idiotic laugh. Naturally, Kang MiRae asked back, stupefied.

“What do you understand?”

“A little, more than MiRae though.”

“Nonsense.”

Kang MiRae’s brows twitched. Kang HaJin, who realized that she had become enraged, tried to stop Na YuNa, but stopping here was not worthy of Na YuNa’s name. She kept laughing and touched the shoulder plate in front of her eyes.

“How funny. How can this be? It’s so interesting.”

“What a coincidence, I also think it would become much more interesting now.”

In Kang MiRae’s two hands sparked golden lightning. If Kang HaJin didn’t stop her, either Na YuNa would have blown up or the office would have blown up.

“Should I tell you what’s so interestiiing?”

“Shut up.”

“MiRae’s so cute when angry too!”

“Stop.”

Kang HaJin smacked Na YuNa’s had while sighing. Leaving her, crying while stroking her forehead, he took back the shoulder plate and the boots before placing a pile of paperwork on the table.

“Enough about Mr. Yu IlHan. Us moving won’t really help anything, but I’ll do something about it. Shall we go onto our work, Clan Master?”

“Fuu.”

Clan was something that both Kang MiRae and Kang HaJin had once offered to Yu IlHan. It referred to an group of ability users based in Korea.

Kang MiRae was the master while Kang HaJin was the vice-master, and Na YuNa was just an ordinary member. The clan members were just those three.

Until now, that is.

“The number of clans that officially made themselves known numbers in the hundreds just until now. There are some small scale groups that made themselves known in Korea too. Delaying anymore would make this half-hearted. To bring your name up, we should start doing activities after receiving members.”

“Yes, we should.”

Kang MiRae nodded obediently. Her expression was still complex, but the words from her mouth were very clear.

“Let’s start recruiting the members of the ‘Lightning God’ clan.”

“It’ll be better if we change the name though…”

“Shut up.”

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan, who had unintentionally made the executives of the Lighting God clan chaotic, was…

[You have earned 2,989,744 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 93 Dark Shadow.]

[Killing a 2nd class with concealment in one strike with a surprise attack 1/3,000]

“Ah shit. How is this any ‘easier’!”

[Well maybe it was killing a 4th class in one strike with a surprise attack before.](Erta)

[Zzzz.](Lita)

…currently training alone to evolve his concealment skills in the most dangerous dungeon in the world.



Chapter 67

Now that Yu IlHan’s objective to enhance the people of Earth was now on a smooth start thanks to the launching of the brand, Vanguard, his next objective was of course to go to Daréu and beat up all the dragons.

His motivation died down instantly since the objective he was facing was way too grand, but even so, as this was the most urgent matter, he had no choice. And, after thinking what the most important element in fulfilling that objective would be, he concluded that he should evolve his concealment first.

Concealment was the only innate ability he had, and at the same time, his strongest ability.

Of course, as he couldn’t use mana, he couldn’t deploy it of his own will, but thanks to the title that made his concealment passive, there was no big hindrance in bringing out that ability.

If a problem was that the concealment would wear off after attacking once, then its solution would be ending the target in a single strike.

Moreover, he also had another reason why he tried to evolve his concealment first: the skill evolution conditions had become easier after he had gone through the first and second class advancements. And the ‘easier’ conditions were the following:

[Killing a 2nd class with concealment with a surprise attack 398/3,000]

[Killing a 3rd class with concealment with a surprise attack 1/300]

[Acquiring a high ranked title related to concealment 1/1]

[2nd class magic stone 132/1,000]

[3rd class magic stone 0/100]

“I might just die if it had got ‘easier’ once!”

[Even to me, it looks quite impressive. Skills with bullshit evolution conditions like this should be rare. But it’s fortunate that you don’t have to kill it at once, no?](Erta)

“Isn’t it the same since concealment becomes meaningless after one strike?”

[Well, to you, it is.](Erta)

[Zzz.](Lita)

If he became able to wield mana and use active concealment, then it wouldn’t be impossible for him to go into concealment after an attack and do a surprise attack again.

Of course, since Yu IlHan could not use mana yet, the chance to do a surprise attack was as good as gone when his concealment wore off.

[Do your best. As far as I know, all dragonkin have concealment abilities as their basics, so if you kill 299 3rd class dragonkin, then that’s one condition done.](Erta)

For reference, the ‘1’ in the requirement to kill 300 3rd classes was referring to Reta Kar’iha. Although he had killed the Shadow Leopard, if counting 3rd class monsters with concealment ability, it didn’t die in a surprise attack, so it didn’t count. Truly a damned world.

“Wow, that’s consoles me sooo much, alright.”

[Zzz.](Lita)

In the end, doesn’t this mean that he wouldn’t be able to evolve his concealment until he went inside the dungeon connected to Daréu?

Well, of course, as it had tremendous ability even before the evolution, he did expect that evolving it wouldn’t be easy, but he couldn’t help his sighs.

[You have earned 3,090,850 experience.]

[Killing 2nd class with concealment in a surprise attack 399/3,000]

[You have become level 67. 1 Strength, 2 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

Of course, he didn’t look for dungeons only to evolve his concealment. Although the dungeon he found was one where monsters had concealment, at the same time, it was also the dungeon with the highest level monsters accessible on Earth right now.

[You have earned 3,112,002 experience.]

[Killing 2nd class with concealment in a surprise attack 400/3,000]

[Level requirement 90… Just how did such a dungeon come about, after only such a short period of time had passed since the Great Cataclysm? This dungeon is also where ‘migrants’ appear too.](Erta)

“Didn’t I say to not ask me? Just renew the dungeon information properly. I killed all the low level monsters so the average level of the monsters are about to rise.”

[It’s alright. There should be no other human than you, who would want to enter this dungeon! This is all Lita’s fault.](Erta)

[Zzz.](Lita)

The time Lita had brought this information was 3 hours after the plan to beat up the God of Smithing was annulled. As soon as Yu IlHan had said that he wanted to evolve his concealment, she seemed to fly to the skies before coming back with information in no time at all.

Erta had a feeling of rejection in releasing the information on dungeons like that, but Lita was different. This should mean that she trusted in him that much. He honestly didn’t feel that bad about it.

That didn’t mean that he was disappointed in Erta. She should have her own set of standards. One that’s a little tight and one that is wrong frequently.

“If the 2nd Great Cataclysm happens in a month’s time, then this dungeon might explode and crisis may erupt on Japan. They should thank me if I clean it up beforehand.”

[I said it’s not one month!](Erta)

This dungeon was located in the Kantou region of Japan, and it was good since Japan was easier to enter than China.

Yes. Yu IlHan had, for the first time in his life, bought an airplane ticket and entered Japan officially! And the dungeon waiting for him was worthy for him to spend his time crossing the sea.

It was good that the monsters in this dungeon all had concealment abilities which helped him fulfill the evolution conditions of the concealment skill, and also, as expected of the most difficult dungeon on Earth right now, his levelling speed was fast as well.

There were several who couldn’t acquire their 2nd class in their lifetime, but currently, Yu IlHan was levelling at a pace of about 1 level per day.

Of course, this was because Yu IlHan had the ability to fight monsters way above his level like nothing, but it was also due to the fact that the monsters were shadows that had concealment abilities, and he could also sweep them in quite easily.

The problem he had encountered was also that: the fact that his enemies were shadows.

[You have earned 3,455,767 experience.]

[Killing 2nd class with concealment in a surprise attack 1,349/3,000]

“This thing doesn’t leave behind a body either.”

Muttered Yu IlHan with a dark expression. In his front was the figure of a shadow monster that became particles of mana and scattered into the air after its life ended and it had lost the ability to coagulate its body.

What was left was only a 2nd class magic stone emitting black light, similar to the characteristics of the shadow monster.

“It should be fine to leave me with a little!”

[I already told you that it’s an existence that would lose its corporeal body and scatter since it was born from the shadows.](Erta)

There were two problems due to that. First, it had become impossible for him to earn any byproducts from them and make equipment, and the second was that he couldn’t cook with their bodies.

[Uuum, Should I bring the food?](Lita)

At that time, Lita, who just woke up from her sleep, asked him while rubbing her eyes. Hearing the news that he could use the meal delivery service that he never imagined he could use while being with only Erta, Yu IlHan asked, seemingly delighted.

“Really?”

[Yeah, just give me 5 minutes.](Lita)

However, the next moment, Yu IlHan changed his expression before snorting and shaking his head.

“But I refuse.”

[What!!?](Lita)

“One of the work this Yu IlHan likes the most is cooking with monsters that I’ve killed myself.”

[Kuhk, to think that I will lose to a mere monster cooking, this is the greatest insult of my lifetime as an angel!](Lita)

[You two can sure play around.](Erta)

The harmony of a thousand years wouldn’t go anywhere. Yu IlHan and Lita were overcoming the boring dungeon with their strangely harmonic conversation trained through numerous years!

Meanwhile, Erta, who had no confidence in joining in on their harmony, grabbed Yu IlHan’s phone and regularly checked the SNS. That Erta, who hated SNS to the bones, due to some circumstances unknown to Yu IlHan, was!

[They’re complaining about why you only open on Mondays.](Erta)

Of course, what she was reading was about Yu IlHan, to be exact, the brand Vanguard, since it could be said that the current hottest topic in Korea was Vanguard.

No, to be exact, while Yu IlHan had spent his days in the dungeon, stories about Vanguard had even spread through the SNS to other countries as well. Major TV companies and newspaper companies all talked about Vanguard at least once. Honestly, this result was more amazing than he had imagined, but Yu IlHan just firmly replied.

“That should be, since that’s how to get them all riled up.”

[The effect was a little too excessive. Right now, it’s even going out as the top news in a foreign major TV company.](Erta)

“Oh, it looks like foreign people would visit next Monday.”

No matter how great the power of media was before the Great Cataclysm, it would be hard for a single store to surface in less than a week.

However, not now.

Vanguard wasn’t simply a store a little amount of weapons and armor, but a blessed place where it sold swords and shields and the like that could save several lives, depending on the situation, at a cheap price of 100 million won.

[Honestly, it’s way too low quality considering that you made it, but considering the ratio of price to performance, it should be the best across all worlds. The interest in Vanguard would only increase if anything, but not decrease.](Erta)

“Yeah, that should be true. Although, I don’t know since I never went to another world.”

Yu IlHan replied while shrugging his shoulders, but Erta was more worried if Yu IlHan had understood the current situation properly or not.

[Yu IlHan, you’re laughing right now, but soon, your identity will be leaked. Well, you have absolute power so you would be fine unless a nuke drops on you, but at that time, your parents might get caught up in this too. You shouldn’t look down on human greed.](Erta)

“No, it should be alright.”

Honestly, Yu IlHan didn’t have such a deep filial piety. However, it wasn’t that he was unfilial. Rather, he had more affection for them, and wanted to do more for them, since he couldn’t see them for 1000 years. The problem was that his parents didn’t accept.

However, there’s no way he could raise his head in front of them, when he got them caught up in this when he didn’t do anything for them, right?

Yu IlHan asked the two angels, who, despite having ‘transcended’ emotions, liked jewels and got angry quite well.

“Human greed, you say. I know very well. Well, then. who, at this point, knows the value of Vanguard the best? And those that would desperately want to hide this?”

[Excluding you?](Erta)

[Me! IlHan’s metalworking is the world’s beeest!](Lita)

“Excluding you two too.”

[Ah.](Erta)

Hearing Yu IlHan’s words, Erta realized the correct answer before laughing and replying.

[There was the Empress. I was a fool.](Erta)

“Bingo. I guarantee that she would do something herself. No, there’s a possibility that she would do better than I expected.”

In the first place, that building was owned by Na YuNa’s grandfather before. Although the era had changed, if someone had the identity where they could give out such buildings like that, they should be the core personnel even within those with vested interests, with both political and financial power.

Before, they were hateful existences who took without giving back, but having them as allies were very reassuring.

[So there was a reason why you were so daring to act like that.](Erta)

[He’s just using them like how they tried to use him, aren’t they? It’s a give and take.](Lita)

Yu IlHan had all the abilities to survive on a changed Earth while they had the abilities that worked even after society had changed. They had only exchanged those things.

At first, he didn’t think up to this point when telling Kang MiRae his number, but during the time he sold the staff, he thought that there should be a time when he would receive help from her. And it actually became like that as well.

Although, they were probably protecting him not to help him, but in order to prevent the artifact he’s creating from going into the hands of the wrong people.

[So on Earth, a dropout adapts better than returnees.](Erta)

“Hah! That’s like installing father in boiler’s house.”

Yu IlHan flicked his spear with a nonchalant reply to pierce the shadow monster that just shot out from the floor.

[You have earned 2,876,019 experience.]

[Killing 2nd class with concealment in a surprise attack 1,350/3,000]

“It should be god if 3rd class monsters appeared as normal mobs.”

[Don’t talk about horrifying things and go inside.](Erta)

He pouted after hearing Erta’s words. Reality couldn’t be avoided just by averting the eyes. It was something to face head on!

“What horrifying, I can just fight it head on if that happens.”

[No, IlHan. It’s not a problem solved by just fighting them.](Lita)

“Please explain, Litawagon.”

Lita explained in place of Erta, while smiling.

[3rd class monsters appearing as boss monsters and appearing as normal monsters are two completely different things. Boss monsters may appear if they’re exceptional, but normal monsters evolving to 3rd class means that the concentration of mana, at least in the Kantou region of Japan, has increased to the point that it’s not at the level of a 1st Great Cataclysm.

The average difficulty of the dungeon would increase, and it would become easier for Dungeon Breaks to occur as well. In other words, it would become a problem that’s not only related to this dungeon alone.](Lita)

“So they’re like cockroaches, eh? If 1 appears, then I have to kill the 29 left after flipping over the entire place, right?”

[How clever.](Lita)

Lita stroked Yu IlHan’s head like he was cute to her. Erta sighed at Lita’s speech, and Yu IlHan became dejected while feeling her hand.

He had already foreseen the future now that their conversation had reached this point.

“Yes, I should install a Kantou region in insecticide’s house.”

Yu IlHan muttered while sighing.

And just as he had expected, it became reality after 3 weeks he had entered the dungeon.

{kiii!}

{Record, to, thicken, my, shadow, deeper.}

{*muffled breathing*}

In the core parts of the dungeon were tens, no, hundreds of monsters that breathed roughly like Darth Vader.

From their auras, they seemed to have similar levels to the Highland Troll Boss that was around Lv 100, and looking at their forms, they looked like it hadn’t been a lot of time since they were generated.

In other words, there were 3rd class monsters everywhere.

Yu IlHan looked at Lita while gripping on his spiked spear.

“What was that about Kantou region again?”

[I said it’s doomed.](Lita)

“You will give me a quest if a Dungeon Break occurs, right?”

[Yes, sir.](Lita)

[No, it will be alright. It should not be occurring.](Erta)

And exactly 2 days later, Yu IlHan cleaned up all the monsters inside the dungeon and exited after becoming Lv 75.

However, in Kantou region, a large scale Dungeon Chain Break, a.k.a a Dungeon Wave was occurring.



Chapter 68

Although the opinions would differ from person to person, generally, Kantou region was historically, politically, commercially the center of Japan.

As such, the Dungeon Break that started in Kanagawa prefecture without any signs one day made numerous Japanese people shocked. Not just the Japanese, it was the same with all the other people on Earth.

It was shocking that a mix of 1st and 2nd class monsters had appeared out of nowhere, but it was more shocking since everyone believed that Dungeon Breaks would not occur unless the 2nd Great Cataclysm arrived.

This was the moment when their knowledge learnt in other worlds had popped like a soap bubble.

If a Dungeon Break ends as a Dungeon Break, then there would be no problems. However, the monsters freed from the dungeons not only try to kill humans, but they also try to free other monsters by destroying other dungeons. This was because they knew that their forces were insufficient.

And that didn’t end unless they forced all the humans into submission and kill them on the land they could step on. As a result, that land would only be left with monsters, and the monsters would repeat the Dungeon Break by going over to another piece of land.

If that covered the whole world, then that was the end of the world.

Moreover, the monsters on Earth had high intelligence on average, so their movements were very meticulous and evil.

As a result, in just a single day after the Dungeon Break had occurred, all dungeons in Kanagawa prefecture broke down, and the damage and casualties in Kanagawa prefecture was tremendous as well.

At that point, no, the moment they realized that a Dungeon Break had occurred, Japan requested SOS to the world. A pan-national organization, which was prepared for such cases, were dispatched as well.

Of course, other countries didn’t just sit back and relax because it was happening in another country; they knew that this monster wave wouldn’t just end in Japan if they did not take care of the situation beforehand.

Japan being an island wouldn’t change the fact that it was dangerous. There were several dungeons in Japan where flying monsters were trapped in. If they assaulted at once, then that would really be the end.

Other countries first checked the possibility of Dungeon Breaks occurring in their own countries, and they only sent reinforcements to Japan after making their elite forces on standby next to the highest level dungeon in their country.

Although they could be seen as selfish, there was no helping it. What good would it be if their own country was doomed while helping Japan?

Hundreds of thousands of ability users headed to Japan. The lowest level among them were above level 20, and they were those who could be called ‘elites’ – such people had gathered in Kantou.

Amongst them, 20% had died on the first day in the chaotic fight, and the scale of the damage was increasing.

{*Screeech*}

“Shit, it’s a flying-type monster!”

“The JSDF, where’s the special forces of the JSDF! If we don’t stop them here, even Shizuoka would be in danger!”

“Go to the rooftop and shoot those monsters down! Block them in area A-1!”

The first thing they should do was to prevent the proliferation to other areas. The people all wanted to finish the crisis within Kanagawa prefecture, but only half succeeded.

They could somehow prevent the proliferation to Shizuoka prefecture, which was towards the inland, but the roads towards Tokyo had been broken through.

{*Chirp*, there are a lot of our friends here.}

{There are a lot of humans. Breathing humans, many records!}

“Shit, block them!”

Was it a coincidence? Tokyo had the more dungeons than any of the cities in the world. Not only that, it had a lot of facilities, and most of all, people.

That made the situation even worse.

“E, escape, escape to other worlds!”

“Shit, I just came back……. N, no!”

Blood and flesh scattered around everywhere, buildings collapsed, and cars caused explosions. There were a lot of casualties on the ability users’ side as well. Every one of them, who had gathered with different minds at the same place, were fairly meeting death.

The Japanese, who had to pay a cruel price in blocking the initial monster violence during the initial stages of the Great Cataclysm, had installed strong defensive measures on buildings above a certain scale, but as the scale of this wave was too big, they couldn’t bring out any effect either.

If they were 1st classes, then it would somehow be plausible to block them with modern firepower, but for 2nd classes, it wasn’t possible unless they poured missiles at them. They had to be blocked by the ability users somehow.

And as such, an environment where clans formed with high level elites can act freely, was being formed. Amongst them was the Lightning God clan of Korea that had answered the request for help from Japan.

“Na YuNa, buff!”

“Make oppa’s shield much, much bigger!”

“Ah, can’t you do something about that chant!”

{Kiiik, block the magic!}

“Block the monster behind us! Protect the master!”

“Master, not yet?”

“Soon!”

The composition of the members of the Lightning God clan was very strange. The Empress, Kang MiRae, was located in the middle, and next to her was the priestess, Na YuNa. The one protecting them at their front was the holy knight, Kang HaJin, and other than them, 7 members that they had picked were standing in a protective formation to guard Kang MiRae and Na YuNa.

“Chain Lightning!”

{Kwaaak!}

{B, brave orc’s, Kahak!}

Shouted Kang MiRae while holding a luxurious-looking staff with both of her hands. The lump of lightning that sparked above her head spread throughout the area and struck the 2nd class orcs, and it didn’t only end at that and spread around to other monsters and killed them.

That stacked and stacked more to kill 70 2nd class monsters in a single chant. She seemed amazed at the destructive power of her own attack before she hugged the staff and rubbed it with her cheeks.

“What a lovely staff.”

“You might marry that staff at that rate…… They’re coming from another direction, next magic chant!”

“Make MiRae’s next magic super duper strong!”

“Like I said, that chant!”

However, Empresses must always stand at the top. She wasn’t at the point where she was satisfied with herself.

Kang MiRae opened her mouth while staring at the tens of 2nd class orc elite squad.

“Who has the best reactions?”

“Metal Knights of England and Magia of Italy are becoming famous.”

“Magia? That’s quite blatant.”

Magia, the Italian word for magic. It wasn’t quite the words that Kang MiRae should say, considering she used ‘Lightning God’ for her clan name, but Kang HaJin didn’t retort and silently blocked an orc’s axe.

“Even so, it will be us who will go ahead.”

Kang MiRae muttered while lighting sparked in her eyes. On top of the staff, lightning was reacting even more strongly.

This staff, that not only enhanced the power of magic, but also decreased the casting and activation time, had a shocking ability to make her, who had just gone past level 60, to look like a 3rd class mage. She thought to herself while looking at the staff.

‘He gave me this spear because he trusted in me. I will show him that his trust isn’t wrong, no, that I’m above his calculations.’

In fact, she wanted to show him this herself, and tried to request him to accompany them to Japan since there was no more helpful ally than him, but somehow, she couldn’t contact him. Even though they had contacted once or twice after Vanguard opened its doors. She even bought high quality products of Vanguard first due to their relationship.

She never thought that he hadn’t come here. In her knowledge, Yu IlHan was more good-natured than anyone to the point that it pricked her.

Unless he had unavoidable circumstances, he should be here. He was probably making great contribution in a place unknown to her. Their competition had already started.

“Fufu.”

A smile appeared on Kang MiRae’s lips. That shivering made the people around her flinch, but she didn’t care. She only shouted while holding up the staff that had gathered enough power.

“Thunder Spear, Triple!”

This place where mass-extermination is possible, in this place I will overwhelm him! Her magic rippled according to her elevating emotions, and the members of the Lightning God clan swept around the battlefield following the berserk Empress. This was the start of a legend.

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan, who couldn’t care less whether Empress was burning her rivalry against him, was laughing at the scene of disaster that could be seen as soon as he came out.

No matter how optimistic Yu IlHan was, he wasn’t a psycho who would laugh in delight when people were dying and buildings were exploding.

He ended up laughing since he found it absurd that the situation that the angels were worried about was happening, no matter how high the concentration of mana had become.

“Do Dungeon Breaks happens this easily normally?”

[Just receive the quest already.](Erta)

The expressions of the angels were as rotten as it could get.

In fact, due to their angel rings, they already knew that a Dungeon Break had happened.

However, if Yu IlHan didn’t clean up the dungeon, then this dungeon would collapse as well, and then, 3rd class monsters with concealment abilities would proliferate and cause the greatest calamity in history, so they kept their mouths shut.

Yu IlHan took out the atlatl from his Cross bag. After retouching it and repairing regularly, the attack power had increased slightly from the beginning.

[Rough Moonlight Bone Atlatl]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power – 3,000]

[Options – 50% increase in attack range, 40% increase in attack power and accuracy under the moon.]

[Durability – 1,778/1,850]

[A spear throwing device that was made to throw a small spear by slotting a small spear on the hook. The result differ tremendously according to the abilities of the wielder.]

Lifting his head up, he found that coincidentally, the full moon was up tonight. It was the perfect time to rampage. The bone atlatl was a good weapon even during the day, but at night, it would turn into a monstrous weapon due to the effect of the moonlight from the beta option.

He had prepared enough throwing spears as well. However, just as he was about to position himself to throw after slotting the throwing spear with nimble hands, he demanded the angels.

“Pay the quest rewards up front a little.”

[Well, if it’s you, you will handle most of the things properly so ok. What do you want?](Erta)

“Add two more options to the Cross Bag. One is additional spatial expansion. And the other one is.”

Yu IlHan swung his arm with all his might to shoot out the throwing spear.

The throwing spear which shot through the air as if to slash apart the air under the moon sky, flew through the sky to pierce two flying type monsters that were butchering a human by shooting out their feathers.

[You have earned 540,857 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 66 Iron Wing.]

[You have earned 514,334 experience.]

“Remote collecting of possession.”

With this, it would become possible for Yu IlHan to collect the throwing spear AND the monsters skewered by it.

[Oh my, your imaginations are becoming horrifying by the day.](Lita)

“You will do it, right?”

Yu IlHan shot the second spear using the Atlatl.

This time too, two flying type monsters met their deaths after being skewered by the spear, and the people who were fighting on the ground became shocked after seeing that the flying type monsters that killed them so easily were meeting their deaths so easily.

However, what was more shocking was that they did not know where the throwing spear had come from.

[Of course, we’ll do it even if we have to pull Heaven’s roots out.](Erta)

Amidst that, Erta firmly replied.

[So don’t worry about anything and rampage all you want.](Erta)

“Of course.”

Yu IlHan grinned with a short reply and firmly walked towards the middle of the battlefield where no one found him. This was the start of the horror.



Chapter 69

[You have earned 524,839 experience.]

[You have earned 499,904 experience.]

[You have earned 512,293 experience.]

Some of the angels said that Yu IlHan’s request was very shameless and they enraged, but the majority understood that accepting his request was the answer to solving this crisis fast.

Tens of angels instantly descended on Earth, and at the same time they blessed the strongest human of Earth, Yu IlHan, they added the two functions that he had requested onto the Cross Bag. The number of abilities the Cross Bag had was now becoming quite shocking.

The moment those options were added to his Cross Bag, Yu IlHan retrieved the spear he threw and the monster skewered onto it. Just seeing it directly was enough to bring it into the Bag so there was nothing easier than this.

This, helped Yu IlHan to hunt fast without showing his presence. If something came into his Cross Bag, then it was possible to separate it by category so there was no need for him to pull out the throwing spear himself either.

“Spears are flying out of nowhere. Dodge!”

“No, those spears are only aiming at monsters. It’s an ally!”

Even though Yu IlHan was throwing his spears in front of their noses, those people could not notice Yu IlHan.

No matter how great Yu IlHan’s concealment was, this was normally impossible.

Yes, if Yu IlHan still only had his concealment technique, then this would not be possible.

[Killing 2nd class with concealment in a surprise attack 3,000/3,000]

[Killing 3rd class with concealment in a surprise attack 300/300]

[Acquire a high ranked title related to concealment 1/1]

[2nd class magic stones 1,000/1,000]

[3rd class magic stones 100/100]

[All the materials combine into a single record.]

[Absorbing record. Concealment skill evolves.]

It was something that the angels, but thanks to the shadow monsters evolving to 3rd class, Yu IlHan succeeded in fulfilling all the criteria to evolve his concealment skill within the dungeon before he cleaned it up.

He missed the 2nd class magic stones and the 3rd class magic stones that were used as materials, but as he was assured that he would acquire a tremendous efficiency in using the skill if he evolved it early on, Yu IlHan evolved the skill without hesitation.

[You have earned the skill, Deathgod. Mana required to use concealment decreases, and the effectiveness of the concealment increases by a large amount. Concealment does not wear off if you kill the enemy in a single strike with a surprise attack. Also, killing enemies consecutively for 5 minutes would increase all abilities by 0.1%. Currently, as level 1, the maximum stack is 50%, and it will dissipate if you do not kill any enemies within 5 minutes. Other abilities will be added if the skill level goes up by a certain amount.]

[Due to the beta option of the artifact, Black Deathgod’s Dragon-annihilating Spiked spear, all abilities of the deathgod skill increases by 30%.]

Surprisingly, the evolved ability was a passive skill. And the point that it did not hinder him in anyway even though he could not use mana, this could be said to be tailor-made for him. It was truly a suitable ability for the evolved concealment ability, while at the same time, it was a skill that affected the battle a lot.

Just that, there was no meaning to the skill when fighting one strong enemy, and instead, it was suitable when fighting many weak enemies. This was the only lacking point.

However, on this battlefield, this was very effective.

“OMG, the throwing spear just went past my head.!”

“Three died at once again!”

“The bodies of the monsters skewered by the spear are disappearing! Sh, shit. Just what the hell is happening……!”

Since he had killed all his enemies with a single strike of his throwing spear, Yu IlHan’s concealment never wore off. Nobody noticed him even when he shot the spear from right in front of them! Yu IlHan found fun in this.

“This is comfortable and nice……”

[A horrifying skill had evolved to become a terrifying skill, but seeing you rampage around thanks to that makes me feel quite weird.](Erta)

[Wow, he killed 200 in an instant.](Lita)

Flying type monsters were already wiped out in this place. The moment Yu IlHan realized that, he changed targets to the monsters on the ground, and in less than 15 minutes, the 2nd class monsters on the ground were all cleanly exterminated as well. The deathgod skill had become level 3.

“Looks like I should move locations. I want to clean up as much as possible while the moon is up.”

[…I think you’ll instakill them even without the moon.](Lita)

Confirming that all his throwing spears and the monster bodies were in his Cross bag, Yu Ilhan nodded and left the place to find another area where monsters were rampaging. This place only had 1st class monsters which were weaker than the humans here. Although, both humans and monsters were shivering in fear.

“So, so scary.”

“Scarier than monsters.”

“Hic, hiccup.”

{Kuooo……}

A city legend had come about. 

Kanagawa prefecture, Tokyo city, Chiba prefecture. These were the battlefield zones between monsters and humans. Of course, It wasn’t like monsters were proliferating throughout all of Tokyo and Chiba, but if the battle went on like this, it wouldn’t take a long time until it did.

Amongst these areas, the area where the foreign delegate ability users were focused on was naturally Tokyo. No one could say which area was not important but rather than Kanagawa, where it was already in ruins, Tokyo, which still had a lot of intact facilities and dungeons left, had more chances of recovery. Using the same reason, Chiba had a higher priority than Kanagawa.

Truly cruel, but the people all treated Kanagawa as a thrown chess piece and were focusing to not let the monsters spread out from that area.

First, they would stop the proliferation, then would exterminate while closing in. Although this was the natural course of action to block the Dungeon Wave, what of Kanagawa? It would naturally reach an irreparable state after being trampled on by monsters.

“Shit. The American and French reinforcements are also concentrated on Tokyo and Chiba?”

“Us too, there are orders to join the Tokyo defense line. Kanagawa was completely abandoned.”

Since everyone on Earth were now ability users, many high level personnel had their hometowns in Kanagawa, and there were even two clans that represented Kanagawa as well. In the first place, considering just the population, Kanagawa didn’t lose out to Tokkyo and Osaka.

These two clans all burned in ambition to become a global clan when they were founded, but currently, they were put in a position where they had to defend their clans on the line.

“Are they planning to abandon a city whenever something occurs? Fuck!”

“Above! Fucking monkeys!”

“Retreat. Make the guys at the front retreat to the defense line!”

In Odawara city of Kanagawa prefecture, a battle full of despair was occurring.

The group of devil monkeys that vexed people by jumping around every single place that looked like it could be used as a hiding place, used the all buildings, whether intact or in ruins, as their fortress and hunted humans that wandered around between them.

Their levels were between 65 and 80. Currently, no matter how elite an ability user was, it was slightly taxing to fight 1 on 1. As such, casualties were rapidly increasing as well.

{Kiik!}

“Kwaaak! C, captain!”

“Shit, Tamura!”

A colleague that was just grumbling about the situation right now right next to him, flew into the air after he was snatched by the enormous monkeys with huge grip power.

It would be the end once they were caught! The man called captain tried to grab his colleague’s body but the next moment, a throwing spear that flew out of nowhere broke the devil monkey’s skull.

“Kuhk!”

“Wh, what!”

The man opened his eyes wide while rescuing his colleague that was falling behind. He had not felt any signs anywhere. However, as soon as the throwing spear and the devil monkey fell down, they disappeared immediately.

[You have earned 486,989 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 66 Devil Monkey.]

“How is it possible that I don’t see anyone close to level 60?”

Immediately after that, Yu IlHan muttered with a sigh while passing by the man. In his hand was the atlatl that already had another throwing spear loaded onto it.

[I should’ve told you that becoming 2nd class was also something permitted to a select few.](Erta)

[This isn’t something we can do something about. The Akashic Record is strict.](Lita)

“I bet 100 won that the Akashic Record will appear as the last boss.”

[It’s fortunate that you’ve only bet 100 won. Akashic Record has no physical power.](Erta)

Even while chatting with the angels, Yu IlHan kept shooting out spears without rest. If he was unlucky, he would only kill one; normally, he would kill two; quite often, he would kill three; if he was lucky, he would kill four at once and they all left the world after being pierced by his spear.

{Kiiik!}

{Kuik, Kiik!}

The devil monkeys didn’t know who was attacking them, but they knew that they were being attacked. They tried to hide their bodies behind a cover, or tried to dodge with their fast movements, but all were for naught.

[You have earned 690,983 experience.]

[You have earned 675,938 experience.]

Yu IlHan’s throwing spear was accurate, fast, and strong. The throwing spears that became stronger by 40% due to the effect of moonlight, killed the devil monkeys even if it had to go through a concrete wall. The walls of the building that made them fearful became meaningless.

“It barely got to Lv 75, but just how many of them do I need to kill if I want to level up with that experience? About 3 thousand?”

[Normally, people level up by killing those 3 thousand. That is also why levelling up is slow too….. No, the other people wouldn’t receive additional experience due to a title’s effect, so they would kill 4 thousand normally.](Erta)

3 hours had passed since Yu IlHan had commenced the hunt. He had already cleaned up 5 districts similar in size to Odawara city, but he did not level up even once. Even though he was killing only 2nd class monsters!

If there was any consolation, then it was that he had earned at least hundred of 2nd class magic stones. Since he had to consume an enormous quantity of them while evolving the concealment skill, he felt good whenever a 2nd class monster’s body entered his Cross Bag.

And the survivors of Odawara were looking at that absentmindedly.

“The fucking monkeys all……”

“Oh my god. Am I seeing 1 killed every second? Just what were we doing until now!”

“It’s scary, it’s scary, but……”

Throwing spears kept flying everywhere, but they did not know where they were coming from. However, they were all skewering monsters that threatened humans.

It was honestly a scary scene, but to the humans that were standing on the ground ravated by the monsters, it also felt quite refreshing.

“God must have become enraged.”

“No, God must have descended after being enraged by the monsters.”

“Susanoo, Susanoo has descended!”

Yu IlHan had just thrown a few spears, but he had now become the God of Storms that appeared in Japanese mythology. Of course, his techniques could be considered a storm since it ravaged all the monsters nearby, but honestly, it was an embarrassing title.

“Good, should I fire myself up a little more?”

[So it seems like you like this title more than LA’s Dark Knight or Sungdaein Bolt.](Erta)

Bullseye. Although it’s a from a different country, isn’t it still a God? Even a whale would dance when praised. Now, he felt like he could dance a Samba.

Yu IlHan, who had become slightly delighted, started increasing the rate of throwing his spears. If the people mistook him for Susanoo, then he would live up to their expectations and overwhelm them!

Until the moon set and the sun rose that day, Yu IlHan cleaned up all the 2nd class monsters, or those close to it, in about 30 districts. To put it in another way, he had conquered half of Kanagawa prefecture by himself.

A truly amazing achievement. There was no way this had not become an issue.

The survivors all rejoiced, became shocked, and feared while talking about the incident, and various SNS were already flooded about stories of the Storm God Susanoo that had descended on Japan.

Absolute power that nobody can notice.

Although this sounded like nonsense, since it had happened for real right in front of people’s eyes, it couldn’t be refuted. Some said that a real God had descended to a lower real, but the majority thought that this was also a type of monster that would threaten humanity.

And, those that belonged to neither, for example, people like the master of the Lightning God clan, Kang MiRae, and the strong ability users of the humanity side all thought this.

That an absurdly strong guy that would threaten their debut stages had appeared!



Chapter 70

[The Strange Phenomenon of Kanagawa, The Spear of Rage that Exterminates the Monsters!](Erta)

“Don’t read it.”

[Is This the Descent of God? The Divine Punishment by an Enraged God!](Lita)

“I said don’t read it, sheesh.”

Erta and Lita teased Yu IlHan by reading the internet articles related to him. They found him cute the more he hated it so they couldn’t stop.

A sense of hedonism was shared between these angels as they enjoyed the moment even though they knew that they would buy Yu IlHan’s displeasure in the long term.

Yu IlHan soon gave up and just obediently swung his arms around. The throwing spear on the atlatl rapidly pierced through the air and skewered four monsters at the same time.

The people on the battlefield who saw that scene all shouted.

“S, Susanoo!”

“Susanoo has finally descended on Yokohama!”

“There are reinforcements too! The monsters got wiped out thanks to Susanoo!”

Even though the moon had set and the sun had risen, the things Yu IlHan did didn’t change: He just ardently swung his arms again and again to clean up the monsters.

The angels were right. Perhaps due to his attack power becoming strong due to the deathgod skill, even though the sun was in the sky, Yu IlHan’s spears were instakilling all the monsters. Was it just that?

“T, triple kill!”

“No you idiot! It’s a quadra-kill!”

“Oh my god. A penta-kill!”

Despite the battlefield being full of death and despair only a few moments ago, the moment Yu IlHan had arrived, that tension had all but disappeared; as long as monsters came inside his vision, none could escape death.

His throwing spears swept like a storm, and did not stop even for a moment. If there was a ruler of the battlefield, then it was he.

The people became shocked, feared, admired, and in the end, accepted as it was natural. Then, what awaited them was only joy.

“The monsters are running away! Kill them!”

“Lord Susanoo does not confront 1st class, idiots! Kill them now!”

“Attract the 2nd class here! Just run there and back and it will be over!”

Thanks to the fact that Yu IlHan had wiped out the high level monsters, the ability users in that place could easily clean up the remaining monsters.

The ability users who already wiped out the monsters like that and had nothing else to do, followed the storm of Susanoo to help other areas, and this repeated several times before they realized how they should support Yu IlHan.

They attracted the 2nd class monsters to make it easier to clean them up at once, and they themselves confronted the 1st class monsters. The already fast hunting speed had sped up even more.

The high level ability users full of vitality called themselves the Army of Susanoo, and followed Yu IlHan’s back, and the number only increased as Yu IlHan cleaned up more areas.

Now that most ability users in all of Kanagawa prefecture had gathered, there were more than two thousand ability users above level 30.

“Drive them, drive them back!”

“We are the elite forces of Susanoo!”

“This is the first time I had such fun in fighting monsters!’

Since the fighting power had gathered up, they didn’t collapse against the same monsters, and against weaker monsters, they swept forward.

They were already so strong as it is, and since they had Yu IlHan’s protection, they showed more unity and fighting power above their norm. So there was no way they couldn’t be excited.

“I didn’t say a thing, and these guys are doing a several man show.”

[But it’s good, isn’t it?](Erta)

“Yes.”

Yu IlHan only confronted 2nd classes anyway. They realized what he was doing, and attracted the 2nd class monsters for him to clean them up more easily, and they were taking care of the 1st class monsters by themselves.

This was truly the scenario where everyone was happy. Yu IlHan didn’t betray their expectations and threw the spears ardently. three, four, and five were skewered at once and his spear throwing technique was also developing.

[Due to a shocking development in technique, the skill evolution conditions of the spearmanship skill becomes easier.]

“So there were things like this too.”

[Skill evolution is literally the Akashic Record giving out tasks suitable for increasing the level of the technique, but you’ve showed development without the task so it’s natural for the skill evolution conditions to become easier.](Erta)

However, no matter how advanced his techniques become, it wasn’t like there was a fundamental change in the fact that he had to kill 4th class monsters. Thinking that he had to delay the evolution of the martial art related skills, Yu IlHan ardently kept throwing the spears.

And when time flowed to become 2 p.m. Yu IlHan’s vision seemed to clear up before he saw armed JSDF and the ability users that lined up on the horizon after having destroyed the nearby buildings; the barricade.

He realized as soon as he saw it. That was installed to stop the monsters from passing.

That meant.

“To, Tokyo defense line.”

“I, insane. How did we come here?”

Yes. They came to the border of Kanagawa and Tokyo. Of course, not the 23 wards of Tokyo, but just the border.

“Did we miss anywhere out?”

“None. We cleaned up all of Kanagawa.”

“Insane.Did we just clean up an entire prefecture in less than 24 hours?”

“Correction, not us, but Lord Susanoo did.”

While the nearly 5 thousand people army that followed Yu IlHan were whispering to each other, the ability users and the JSDF at the defense line also became confused.

The number of monsters seemed to decrease from a certain point in time, and now, suddenly a huge number of ability users appeared!

They did hear that Susanoo had descended, but there was a difference in looking through the internet and seeing for themselves, as much as the difference between a photoshopped picture and a non-photoshopped picture!

“Kanagawa is now safe! Lord Susanoo killed all the monsters!”

“Let’s dissolve the defense line and go to Tokyo with us!”

“No, even so.”

“Are you sure that you have killed everything without leaving a single one behind? If there’s any mistake then Tokyo will.”

“Tokyo is already dangerous anyway! There’s no time to chat here. Lord Susanoo does not care about humans! We need to match him!”

The Tokyo defense line was made to block the monsters from Kanagawa from entering Tokyo. Since Dungeon Breaks were occurring in Tokyo anyway, one or two monsters coming over wouldn’t make a difference.

“Okay, let’s go!”

After a not so long discussion and report, the defense line dissolved. The JSDF and the ability users decided to go together with the army after hearing that they might be left behind by Susano.

As long as they had eyes and ears, they couldn’t not be inwardly jealous of the confidence that the Susanoo Army had. The fact that they could smile in this crisis-like environment was literally the proof of Susanoo’s power.

With that, the Susanoo Army had instantly tripled in size. Although there were low-level ability users in the mix, if they could hunt the monsters without dying, then their levels would rise.

Also, amongst the members that made up the defense line was the ‘Strong Friends’ dispatched from Korea, the Suppression.

“Ah, now we’re alive.”

“First Lieutenant Han, I think you’re getting too loose after you were transferred to Suppression.”

“Did you notice that? I wish someone would fire me already.”

“Don’t worry, they’ll never let you go no matter what happens.”

“Colonel~!”

The ‘Beauty’ Han YeoRang seemed to have been promoted to First Lieutenant, and Colonel Yoon DaeHan. These two were people that Yu IlHan knew very well.

Although he finally had the chance to contact Suppression, since he didn’t want his concealment to wear out by coming into contact with another, Yu IlHan decided to leave the negotiations on the equipment to after the battle.

Yu IlHan didn’t stop even in Tokyo. He only did one thing, and that was throwing his spears. When his right arm felt sore after all that throwing, he would throw with his left, and since he found just throwing boring, he used superhumans strength from time to time.

After repeatedly experiencing the weakening of his muscles by using the skill repeatedly, he succeeded in reaching an enlightenment, and that was the method to dissolve the penalty time after the superhuman strength skill.

“Transcendent Regeneration.”

Yes. He healed his damaged muscles by using the transcendent regeneration skill!

Without having to be injured by fighting while weakened during the superhuman strength penalty time, he succeeded in shortening the skill training cycle with just superhuman strength and the transcendent regeneration skills!

[This guy can do anything, even though he can’t use mana.](Lita)

[So Lita finally understands what I’m feeling.](Erta)

Although words were easy, it wasn’t such a simple matter. It wouldn’t work with just the will to do it. It was only possible since it was Yu IlHan, who knew the structure of his body very well, and could delicately control the power of his skills. For reference, this was a skill he perfected after thinking back to the time when his penalty was decreased after being treated by Na YuNa before.

Anyway, thanks to his enlightenment, the penalty due to the superhuman strength skill was reduced to below 5 seconds. By recovering the rest energy used in the transcendent regeneration with the bloodrink, he now ended up training his skills even within this mess.

Superhuman strength, transcendent regeneration, extreme poison resistance, and cooking skill mastery was endlessly increasing again and again.

[The skill, Superhuman Strength, has become lv 24.]

[The skill, Transcendent Regeneration, has become Lv 23.]

“Susanoo’s power is becoming stronger!”

“Penta-kill! Penta-kill again! This should get some attention!”

Sweeping like a storm, Yu IlHan took away the lives of the monsters along with the despairs of the people.

This was too great of an achievement to be done by a 2nd class around level 80, and as such, the people increasingly believed that the identity of Susanoo is not human. This might be the case even if Yu IlHan showed himself.

“Shit, a dungeon’s bursting again!”

“Dammit. That’s a dungeon with a level 50 restriction! Block at all costs, make a defense line!”

At that time, screams could be heard nearby. Yu IlHan kicked off the ground after he shot out four spears almost simultaneously to kill the nearby 2nd class monsters.

After jumping up to several hundred meters in less than 3 seconds with the help of his leap skill, Yu IlHan’s two eyes saw a scene where a vortex exploded and several thousand monsters were freed at once.

That looked like a scene where the gates of hell were opening, but Yu IlHan muttered while seeing that scene.

“That’s perfect.”

Yu IlHan put away the atlatl for a moment, and took out about a hundred round lumps from his Cross Bag.

Those were grenades that had thousands and even tens of thousands of bone fragments and had the Giant’s Rubber Band as the fuse. And one that was enhanced to the extreme through the use of a 2nd class magic stone!

Until now, he couldn’t use in fear of hurting the people nearby, but if it’s a situation where monsters were flooding out moments after a Dungeon Break had occurred, he could use it while being rest assured; If it was with Yu IlHan’s throwing skills, that were near marvel, that is.

[You have awakened the skill, Throwing Lv Max. If the skill evolution conditions are met, then a synthesized evolution is possible.]

Yu IlHan threw the grenades continuously without a hint of hesitation. During that process, he also awakened the throwing skill. Spear throwing was included within the range of spearmanship, but throwing grenades relied on throwing alone so he had now got the skill.

{Kugak!}

{Above, strange stones, Kugagak!}

Yu IlHan threw all the hundreds of grenades he had. Although there were more left in his Cross Bag, he was worried that it would hurt the people if he threw anymore.

The moment the last grenade fell down in the middle of the group, the first thrown grenade caused an explosion.

[Critical Hit!]

{Kuaaa!}

{Kihik! Kihiiik!}

The people who were setting up the defense line after realizing that a Dungeon Break was occurring, all became speechless. No, they were moving back in fear of getting caught up

{Kuuuaaa!}

{Kuhuk! Kukiiik!}

It was an instant that monsters were flooding out after the dungeon was broken, but the time the explosions happened as soon as they appeared was even more instantaneous

One explosion; and the chain of explosions that continued after as if it was stimulated. The exploding sound like an erupting volcano, the screams of the monsters meeting their demise filled the world.

Yu IlHan lightly ignored the experience acquired texts that appeared on his retina without rest, and took out the atlatl again. And he threw it towards the sole monster, that looked like a 3rd class, that survived alone in this grenade storm.

{Khak!}

[You have earned 6,847,374 experience.]

[You have become level 82. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 103 Ark Katrar.]

[You have acquired the title, ‘A Thousand In One Hit’. Critical Hit Rate increases by 50% when attacking several enemies at once.]

The monsters that left the dungeon died, and disappeared. This all happenned in less than 20 seconds.

“Susanoo.”

“Susanoo…….”

“He came to us to save Japan.”

“Isn’t it Takemikazuchi?”

“Amaterasu?”

People vaguely muttered while looking at that scene. Now, other Gods than Susanoo were popping out.

They did not know what exactly happened, but they knew one thing for sure.

Now, they were witnessing the start of a new history.



Chapter 71

Yu IlHan did not halt his steps. He couldn’t care less as to whether people admired him or not.

2nd class monsters that he had to kill while flipping dungeons inside out were still all over Tokyo, and he wanted to kill as many as possible before those Metal Knights or Lightning God or Magia or whatever interfered.

[Somehow, there are more dungeons in Tokyo than Kanagawa.](Erta)

[That’s true. I didn’t think there would be any Originals here.](Lita)

“What about other places than Tokyo or Chiba? Isn’t the damage spreading?”

[Yeah, it’s alright. Well, of course a few dungeons in other areas did break but it’s at a level where the JSDF can handle it. No, well, not ‘handle’ it but they are going through quite the suffering.](Lita)

“They’re working hard.”

In other words, he only had to finish Tokyo and Chiba! Yu IlHan stopped for a moment and looked behind him. He could see the Susanoo Army that had inflated to around 12 thousand men.

“I think it would be over if they charge forward now.”

[They’ll be obliterated if a 3rd class appears so no.](Lita)

That made sense. The difference between classes was truly absurd. It was difficult for a hundred 1st classes to win against a 2nd, and two hundred 2nd classes cannot handle a 3rd class. Of course, monsters like Yu IlHan are counted differently.

“It’s the Susanoo Army!”

“We, we’re alive!”

Since the scale had become so big, just moving around made a huge cloud of dust. The monsters shrunk back after seeing the wave of humans charging at them, and the humans that looked at them rejoiced.

Nerima district. This was the moment when they entered the 23 districts of Tokyo.

“This quite well off.”

Muttered Yu Ilhan while looking at the stalemate that was there before he came. Tokyo, at the same time being the center of Japan, was also a few of the cities that were at the center of the world. The ones who knew the importance of Tokyo all focused their power on Tokyo, and the clans that just set foot from overseas were also using this situation to heighten their reputations.

Perhaps the people of Kanagawa would be frustrated since they couldn’t receive help, but for Tokyo, it was a fortunate thing.

Currently, in Nerima district, Metal Knights from England was in the middle of fighting, and thanks to their bold actions that charged ahead with sturdy armor, the number of 1st class monsters were almost gone.

Even the 2nd class monsters could not break through his defense so there was no need to say anymore about that. Even if Yu IlHan left them alone, this line wouldn’t be broken.

“Kuhk, master!”

“I will kill it now! Double Cross!”

{Kiyaaa!}

“It’s not dead!”

Of course, the line only wouldn’t be broken, and it didn’t mean that they could kill the 2nd class monsters. The core members of Metal Knights had high defense but relatively weak attack power.

Then, it would be better if they cooperated with another clan, but due to their pride, this wasn’t occurring yet.

“We will take care of him! You guys kill other monsters!”

“But at this rate.”

“Do not block the glorious path of Metal Knights!”

“What the hell are they doing? Are they from the middle ages, and they came here through a time machine or something?”

[IlHan, do you think people of the past were all foolish and idiotic that wars occurred on Earth and nuclear weapons were made?](Lita)

[Do you think it’s just them?](Erta)

Yu IlHan didn’t know this, but Magia clan of Italy, who were acting in Kita district quite nearby were in the same situation.

The Magia clan was made up of mages with high firepower, and all they lacked was defense, but thank to them saying that they didn’t want to cooperate with other clans, they couldn’t bring out their full power.

Their choice was understandable since they must be worried that their reputation would not be so high if they cooperated with another clan, but thanks to their puny pride, they were late in restraining the monsters, and more sacrifices were occurring this way.

Even though one may think that one wouldn’t do such a foolish thing if one had a proper human head on one’s neck, humans always committed actions comparable to dogs and pigs if they were tied by money and power.

What they were doing now was exactly that; they would rather suffer more than do something for another.

The Korean clan, Lightning God, was slightly better off, as their team was balanced in attack and defense, but as they were low on manpower, their rate was quite slow. Of course, they weren’t cooperating with other clans either.

No, actually, their situation was slightly different. This should be seen as them being isolated since other clans were afraid that the Lightning God clan’s influence would increase if they did anymore.

Summing up, they were all annoying bastards.

“So that’s what’s happening.”

[You see the situation now?](Erta)

[You see what you need to do to, right?](Lita)

“Of course.”

Replying confidently, Yu IlHan held up the atlatl. He enhanced his physical body with superhuman strength, loaded the spear onto the hook, and threw it towards the monster that the strongest-looking guy of Metal Knights was blocking!

[You have earned 673,837 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 69 Spike Ketura.]

“What!?”

“J, just who did that to the monster our Metal Knights will be hunting!”

Regardless of whether the members of Metal Knights were being shocked or not, Yu IlHan’s throwing spear didn’t end with just one. On the necks, heads, and hearts, of the 2nd class monsters that the Metal Knights were defending against, a throwing spear was embedded.

One, two, three, and four all collapsed at once.

“What the hell!”

“This is Susanoo? Don’t joke with me! These monsters are our prey!”

Metal Knights got thoroughly enraged, but Yu IlHan couldn’t care less; he just kept throwing his spears.

He threw, and threw again. Until the moment when all the monsters that filled the battlefield were in his Cross Bag, he threw his spears.

“Uaaa!”

“Fucker! Do you think the world is yours since everyone calls you Susanoo!”

“We will definitely find you! We will find you and kill you!”

Whether they were shouting or not, Yu IlHan just kept throwing his spears. The moment the last 2nd class monster lost its life, Yu IlHan muttered in satisfaction.

“Good luck.”

[You’re doing something really good, but somehow, you look really evil.](Lita)

[That’s Yu IlHan’s charm.](Erta)

Since the monsters were all dead, Metal Knights lost their job.

Both the clan members and the clan master were all rampaging around while saying that they would find Yu IlHan and kill him, but the person in question was leisurely moving to another area.

The once-again-inflated Susanoo Army also followed Yu IlHan.

“As expected of Lord Susanoo. He does not know retreat.”

“Hah! They look quite good, they were boasting about how they were sturdy until moments ago.”

“The ‘lords’ of the knights of steel should go home since they don’t have anything to do!”

“Maggots, trying to gain fame by sacrificing people’s lives? Gain a plane to go home, damn you!”

The insults to Metal Knights were a bonus. Unlike them, who were looking to gain reputation, the ones who were purely fighting to protect their homes had the qualifications to mock them.

Of course, there were also some among the Japanese that seeked to gain fame, and tried to show off by finding a good location, and there were some amongst the foreign clans that were fighting hard to save lives, so that statement couldn’t be generalized, but at least right now, Metal Knights deserved to be insulted.

“Damn…”

“Leader, we need to move. At this rate, we will become nothing.”

“Yes, we should move. Let’s move.”

Hearing his subordinate’s words filled with worry, the leader of Metal Knights, Michael, Smithson, replied while gritting his teeth. If he really retreated now, then he would receive the mocks of the entire world.

However, Tokyo and Chiba still had plenty of monsters left, and they still had a lot of opportunities.

“Let’s move so that Susanoo and we don’t go in the same direction. Also, look for a clan that wants to cooperate with us. At this rate, we cannot overcome him.”

“I understand. There’s no helping it.”

“Gather many small scaled clans. We will make them gain glory by making them abandon their lives, and we will live and gain power. Understand?”

“Of course, leader.”

Smithson talked like a dog in human skin, but since the subordinate was also a son of a bitch, it didn’t really matter. When the subordinates were moving to fulfill his orders, Michael Smithson muttered while gritting his teeth.

“Susanoo, I will kill you.”

Conquering the 23 districts of Tokyo in order, Yu IlHan met several cases like Metal Knights. Of course, he ardently threw his spears regardless of what they were doing, and got insulted a lot. Also, his level increased as a bonus.

[You have become level 83. 1 Strength, 2 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

“Sheesh, this level really doesn’t increase much.”

[I don’t think you can talk if you levelled up 8 times in a single day.](Erta)

[You’re gaining the same amount of levels as what others do in an entire year, in a single day, that is](Lita)

“This isn’t much. I haven’t slept a lot either……”

Yu IlHan grumbled after listening to the angels’ words and checked the Cross Bag, and confirmed that several tens of thousands of 2nd class monsters were inside it. He newly realized how many monsters he annihilated.

“Hey, why isn’t this exploding?”

[We added a lot of space while we were at it. But please be careful when controlling the weight. You might lose a shoulder if you aren’t careful.](Erta)

[It looks like it will take days to finish dismantling them too.](Lita)

There’s no way it would end with ‘losing a shoulder’ with the weight tens of thousands of monsters, right! Well, it looks like he had to give up attacking using the weight of the bag.

If he used any, then it would be for striking down. Yes. If he applied weight at the moment he shot the pile bunker, wouldn’t he be able to attack the enemy without pressure?

Of course, this would require precise control. And this, was something that Yu IlHan was good at.

[Such a frightening thought.](Erta)

[I’m satisfied since he reminds me of my younger days.](Lita)

[It was you, Lita! You made him like this!](Erta)

Seeing Erta grabbing Lita’s collars and shaking it, Yu IlHan laughed. Of course, he only said it, but he didn’t want to use a technique with a lot of consequences. To be exact, he didn’t want there to come a situation where he would have to use this technique.

However, as always, such situations happen without fail. And always faster than his expectations.

“Master, this area is all cleaned up!”

“It seems northwest area has a lot of monsters, let’s go there!”

“Commence movement!”

The Lightning God clan solidified their attacking tactics and grew along with their fame while cleaning up the monsters little by little, despite the restraining movements from other clans.

The Clan Master, Kang MiRae, sucked on a bottle of mana potion that she had bought with a lot of money.

“I want a more passionate fight.”

“MiRae’s at it again! It’s the ‘crazy girl’ mooode!”

“Come here, YuNa. I will show you what a real crazy girl is like.”

Kang MiRae, a pervert who looked cold like an icy hell normally, but turned extremely aggressive in a fight, decided on Na YuNa as the next target, when a clan member called for Kang MiRae while tilting his head.

“Master, something just fell down from the sky.”

“What did? A monster?”

“No, theeere. A strange cube like thing that has a strange ancient magic formation like thing written on it. Huh? There’s another one?”

Tap, tap, tap.

That member could see 3 cubes falling down in an area not far away. Kang MiRae of course didn’t know what it is, but Na YuNa’s guardian angel, Feyta did.

[Trap of Destruction……](Feyta)

Muttered Feyta dumbfoundedly after seeing that. Na YuNa asked back with a ‘Hm?’ but Feyta didn’t reply to her and screamed.

[E, everyone run away! Run away now! W, we need to leave this place now!](Feyta)

However, it was already too late by then. The three Traps of Destructions that fell down almost simultaneously activated immediately, and an enormous amount of mana wave covered the group.

All the monsters in that area could not win against that strong seduction.

A strong vibration rung the ground as if a great earthquake was occurring. from the ground, from the sea, from the sky… all the monsters gathered.

While all the humans were shocked at the sudden change in events, the greatest nightmare ended up erupting.

In the middle of Tokyo city, which was covered up by a Dungeon Wave.

An Overflow had occurred.



Chapter 72

Yu IlHan abruptly raised his head; a head-shaking concentration of mana had assaulted him.

Not only that, the monsters in that place seemed to be attracted to that as they lifted their heads up before viciously running towards one point.

“What is this aura? I think it’s super dangerous.”

[Oh my god, an Overflow!](Lita)

[How can it be!](Erta)

Lita and Erta, who noticed that a little earlier than Yu IlHan did, also shouted in shock. Yu IlHan, who realized that the situation was very urgent in any case, ran towards the same direction the monsters were running to and threw his spears to reduce their numbers as much as possible,

However, if he could stop the situation with just that, an Overflow wouldn’t have occurred in the first place.

“Overflow is a phenomenon that occurs when the performance of a Trap of Destruction is too strong, isn’t it! Right now, not to mention Traps of Destructions, the dungeons are breaking down, so how the hell did this happen?”

[I don’t know! Don’t tell me an inactive Trap of Destruction suddenly… No, this doesn’t even make sense!](Lita)

The moment Lita shouted while shaking her head, Yu IlHan thought up of a frightening imagination.

“In this situation, where an enormous amount of monsters were released to a limited area due to broken dungeons, if someone throws several Traps of Destruction at the same place, then wouldn’t it be possible to artificially cause an Overflow?”

Yu IlHan’s estimation was correct. In fact, if an Overflow had occurred in this situation, a Dungeon Wave, there wouldn’t be any other explanation.

[Why would someone… just who!](Erta)

[Traitors……There were more!](Lita)

While Erta was accepting and being shocked at the situation, Lita, having seen through the situation, gritted her teeth.

She knew very well that the traitor last time was just the bottom of the rung. He was only killed since they had no means to find out who was behind him, they were aware that there was a possibility of more traitors being amongst their ranks, so they were cautious. Wasn’t the reason for more angels being dispatched to Earth to prevent situations like this?

The problem was that such situations were happening again as if to laugh at them.

What this proved was very simple. The traitor was deeper amongst their ranks than they thought, and their abilities were incredibly high.

[Why would someone do this? Do they really intend to destroy Earth?](Erta)

[There are a few who might think that. Anyway, for now, solving this Overflow is priority!](Lita)

Lita was right. There was no need to think about anything else right now. Yu IlHan only just ardently ran forward.

“The storm of Susanoo is chasing the monsters!”

“Shit, follow Lord Susanoo! If we don’t then we will all die!”

“Overflow, it’s definitely an Overflow. If all these monsters gather in one place, and if a mutant species appear in this kind of place where the mana concentration is already so high… Shit!”

The Susanoo Army also seemed to realize that the situation was not going well. Some among them had experienced Overflows in other worlds, and in LA a while ago, so they saw through the situation quite correctly.

[Yu IlHan, please hurry up a little more! A little more!](Erta)

“I know, I’m running at full speed right now!”

The location that was presumed to be the center of the Overflow, was around 30km away from where Yu IlHan was fighting. Thinking that it was fortunate that it didn’t happen so far away, Yu IlHan pushed up his gear.

After finding the combination of transcendent regeneration and superhuman strength, it was now possible for him to deploy superhuman strength almost continuously as long as the bloodrink allowed him to. Focusing all the power of his muscles into running, he renewed all his past records.

Now that he could not wield mana, keeping the superhuman strength skill active all the time was a blessing for him.

[It’s dangerous……](Lita)

Lita had become nervous.

[This is too dangerous. The time isn’t good. It’s bad to the point that I’m thinking that this Dungeon Break was planned meticulously beforehand.

The mana concentration that was heightened beyond norm in the Kantou region, and the heightened levels of the monsters according to that, the Dungeon Break that occurred as if to strike the nail on the head, Dungeon Wave, and the gathered strong ability users. All these attributed to increasing the concentration of mana, and they scattered Traps of Destruction to induce an artificial Overflow.

The monsters around here are mostly 2nd class, and perhaps, the monster that will be born at the end of this overflow maybe…. just maybe.](Lita)

“It doesn’t matter what it is.”

While running at full speed, Yu IlHan checked his condition, his skills and his equipment once again.

“I will kill it. Whether it’s 3rd class or 4th class.”

Thinking back to the mage that he ended instantly in the past, Yu IlHan thought that this wouldn’t end easily like that and shook his head.

This situation was completely different to the one last time. The mage was completely off guard, and did not receive the opportunity to bring out his full abilities, and was a mage, that had the lowest defense amongst all the 4th class people out there.

He didn’t know what monster would appear due to this Overflow, but its defense would be on a completely different scale to the mage. Perhaps, its attack power, and its destructive range, too.

However, what difference does that make? Yu IlHan’s humanity enhancement didn’t even bud yet, and the monster would appear right now. So, would Yu IlHan have to give up and run away since it was hard to kill?

Not possible. Simple. If he couldn’t kill it, then Earth would step once towards the path of Destruction, and none, other than Yu IlHan would be able to kill it.

[IlHan, we’ve arrived!]

Yu IlHan ended his thoughts and raised his head up.

That place was truly a spectacle. A violent storm of mana, and the numerous monsters that ran towards it without regard for their lives, the ruined city, and the wandering humans that did not know what to do.

Would it be different if he arrived a little earlier? Would he be able to prevent the appearance of a mutant species if he used all his weapons? These kind of questions were meaningless right now.

The monsters that gathered here all threw their bodies into that storm, and a level more frightening mutant species were appearing in this world.

And, even amongst the mutant species, a huge monster, that absorbed the powers of three Traps of Destruction, appeared.

{Kwaaa!}

“Pff.”

After seeing its appearance that showed up with a loudly resounding roar, Yu IlHan ended up laughing. How did it end up like this. What coincidence was this?

“Do you have a spare Ame no Habakiri?”

[No.](Lita)

Lita replied with an absent minded voice. Yu IlHan nodded as if he knew the answer already, and straightened his waist at the front of the giant monster that had eight heads and eight tails.

“Then I can only fight like this.”

The monster that showed itself in front of humanity, looked similar to the monster, Yamata no Orochi, that was told to be slayed by Susanoo in Japanese mythology.

{Kruooo!}

“Just what are the principles of a mutant specie being born? Don’t tell me that absurd myth is true?”

[No way, but in this Japanese lands, stories related to Yamata no Orochi is quite a hot issue, no?](Lita)

Through books, through manga, through movies, through games, through anime, through other people – the story of that monster was retold countless times.

The existence of Yamata no Orochi is false, so it is not recorded anywhere, but various media itself was recorded to pass down the false monster’s existence and ability.

[I think it acquired that appearance after absorbing those records. Truly a mutant specie.](Lita)

In fact, Yu IlHan couldn’t care less what it looked like on the outside. It wasn’t like the nickname Susanoo that he had acquired gave him an advantage against it, so it was meaningless.

What was important now, was that it harbored enormous amount of power, befitting of its horrifying appearance.

{Kuwaaa!}

Without any signs, it spat out a lump of purple light from its mouth. As it had 8 mouths, there were naturally 8 such lumps. They burned everything that they came into contact with, created craters on the ground, and devoured humans and monsters alike.

Hundreds of lives evaporated in an instant. Truly, an absurd power.

“Shit!”

“Ya, Yamata no Orochi…”

“It’s alright. We have Lord Susanoo with us. The myth is replaying on this land!”

“Dumb things, we will die if we don’t move now! The enemy isn’t only just Orochi!”

Yamata no Orochi was just the head of the mutant species. The mutant species that appeared as a result of this Overflow wasn’t just itself. Huge snakes, lizards, and fish that walked on two legs… they all had strong power.

“D, don’t tell me they are all 3rd class?”

“Not all, but some are, 3rd class.”

“Fuck, how are we supposed to kill them!”

Even the people who did well against several hundred high level monsters had now fallen into panic.

This was in a completely different scale than the ones they had seen until now. They were having a hard time against those who just passed level 50, and now, the minimum level of those monsters were 90. There were even tens of 3rd class monsters as well.

{Kroooaaar!}

Orochi spat out lumps of purple light again. Since the humans had fallen into panic due to seeing so many high level monsters, these purple lumps were a disaster for them. Moreover, the time it took to recharge those set of 8 lumps wasn’t even that long either. If this was a game, the creators were making a level 30 challenge a hell mode boss!

Moreover, those lumps of purple light didn’t end with just a direct attack, and scattered flames of purple light everywhere. The ability to make the entire battlefield a hell of fire; this took the entire battlefield completely away from the human’s side.

“Ah, I’m going crazy, really.”

[No doubt about it. A 4th class.](Erta]

Even Erta absent mindedly spoke as she did not know how to advise him.

She wanted to help him, but angel’s support skill was something that cannot be activated unless in an Abandoned World. She had provided Yu IlHan this subclass since she didn’t want to drag him down, but now it couldn’t even be brought out!

[Aah, really!](Erta)

[No, Erta](Lita)

Just as when Erta was about to explode after holding in her frustration. in other words, just as she was about to go against the rules of the Army of Heaven! Lita restrained her with a calm voice.

[Let’s believe in IlHan and wait.](Lita)

[This is a different situation to when he killed the mage!](Erta)

[And take him and run if it seems like it really wouldn’t work out.](Lita)

[Got it.](Erta)

The two talked about things that other angels would punish them when they heard it, but fortunately, there was no one to hear them right now. The humans weren’t even aware of angels, and the angels were busy worrying about their own partners.

However, Yu IlHan himself, the one that the two angels decided to help survive even with a compensation, was talking stuff like this while looking at Orochi.

“I think I need to attract it.”

[Sorry?](Erta)

[What?](Lita)

“At this rate, everyone other than me will die. I need to attract it to somewhere else then fight it.”

After deciding, he kicked off the ground. In his hands was the pile bunker that had not many more uses left. Of course, with the ammo loaded to the 4th level.

No matter how it was the Yamata no Orochi, it could not see through Yu IlHan’s concealment, and since he had killed monsters endlessly while his deathgod skill was active, he was more than 60% stronger. Counting all abilities that would increase when attacking in surprise, he would be able to deal 3 times the normal damage.

Of course, that wouldn’t be sufficient to kill the Orochi, but it would be enough to make it chase Yu IlHan in berserk mode!

Yu IlHan leaped several hundred meters into the air, but the Orochi still could not notice him.

Even though the enemy was someone that would threaten his life, what was the reason that laughs came out of him? Laughing, Yu IlHan aimed the pile bunker on the central regions othe head. Then kicked off the air using re-leap!

“Here I go, please-look-at-only-me attack!”

[Don’t come up with weird move names at such an important time!](Erta)

At that time, the pile bunker itself got struck in the throat of the Orochi, that was open as it was just after it had shot a magic bullet. The moment Orochi abruptly widened its eyes, Yu IlHan shot the ammo simultaneously as he transferred the weight of the Cross Bag!

{Kroaaakagagagagak!}

A scream that seemed like it would split apart the Earth, resounded across. The ones that were running away in fear of the Orochi, and the ones fighting against the monsters all staggered due to the enormous vibration.

And they could see – the one that hid until now, and the absolute one that had lead them until now.

Since he couldn’t kill the enemy in a single strike, the long lasting concealment had finally worn off.

“Susanoo.”

“Oh my god, he’s really a human?”

{Khaaakaga!}

The Orochi’s neck, that was completely done in by the pile bunker, was obliterated into smithereens. The pile bunker ammo that had not lost its power, cut through the Orochi’s neck to its body with several thousands of tons of weight, with a loud ripping sound, before finishing off with an explosion.

While the Orochi roared in pain, Yu IlHan landed on the ground.

“L, Lord Susanoo.”

“Susanoo!”

He knew that the people’s gazes were directed at him, but he intentionally ignored it. To be exact, he had no time to pay attention to them; he had to kick off and run immediately.

{Kuhaaa!}

Everything was according to Yu IlHan’s plan. Facing an enormous pain, the Orochi chased Yu IlHan with its eyes flipped. Despite the fact that there were many prey around it, it couldn’t help it since its sense of vengeance burned brightly against Yu IlHan, who had destroyed one of its heads.

“Here, follow me!”

{Kruaaa!]

Bringing out the maximum power of his superhuman strength, Yu IlHan enhanced his leg muscles, and his speed was really fast to the point that his nickname, Sungdaein Bolt, was not a joke.

Moreover, a bottle of bloodrink was already on Yu IlHan’s mouth, so he was instantly dissolving the fatigue piling up in his body before the superhuman strength even wore off. He would be able to keep his superhuman strength up until the bloodrink ran out!

This was only possible since Yu IlHan’s ability to control his muscles and his skills were rapidly evolving in this rapidly changing, endless crisis.

“Lord Susanoo is……”

“Taking the Orochi to somewhere else.”

“Shit, we need to help him!”

“We can’t even scratch it!”

The Susanoo Army was mostly made up of those that were directly rescued by Yu IlHan. They naturally wanted to help him, but realistically, their power was too weak.

Moreover, the monsters other than the orochi were charging towards them. Now, they had a hard time looking after their own bodies.

Meanwhile, the clans realized that this was a good opportunity to get them known, while at the same time, being a crisis where their clan’s fate was on the line.

Rather, some of them even thought that they should be the ones to kill the Orochi.

“I need to sever the Orochi’s neck.”

“Mirae.”

“I know. we need to kill them first!’

Kang MiRae made a spear of lightning above his staff and threw it. The current strongest mage of humanity, the Empress’, spear ripped apart a few monsters charging towards the Lightning God clan, but she couldn’t be satisfied with just that.

“I can’t even kill a 3rd class monster in a single strike. Even though this was after investing a quarter of my mana!”

“YuNa, buff MiRae.”

“Okay, oppa. But I can’t bring out my beeest.”

Na YuNa grumbled while giving Kang MiRae a buff immediately with her holy power. Her latter words weighed on Kang HaJin’s mind so he asked back.

“Can’t bring out your best? At such an important time?”

“I need to buff IlHan lateeerr.”

“What?”

“If we don’t kill the Orochi here right now, then the Earth is doomed. But no one other than him can kill it, right? So I need to help him!”

Whether this was due to her lack of self-respect, or overflowing self-respect, Na YuNa was declaring quite firmly. Declaring that no one other than Yu IlHan would be able to accomplish it, she dissed all others, and brought herself up as if it was natural for her to help.

Anyone who heard it would get angry. Kang HaJin being the same.

“No one other than Mr. Yu IlHan can kill it? Fuck, I know that much.”

From the moment the name Susanoo got famous on the SNS, the Lightning God clan also suspected that the identity of Susanoo might be Yu IlHan.

However, his battle methods were too different from the ones they had seen until now, and moreover, since his power was too overwhelming, they didn’t want to believe it. More like, they denied that fact with all their heart.

However, moments ago, when he destroyed one of the heads of the Orochi that was basically playing around with humans, Kang HaJin couldn’t not accept it. On Earth, no, amongst the strong people of all the worlds, the only one that used a weapon like that was him alone.

“Why is it you?”

Kang MiRae asked Na YuNa after killing monsters with a level stronger lightning spear after she was buffed by Na Yuna.

She was quite upset when she heard that no one other than Yu IlHan could kill the Orochi, so her expression had become quite sharp.

“Well, that’s because I’m the Earth’s number one buffer.”

Na YuNa declared shamelessly. Her endless pride was extremely similar to her friend, Kang MiRae.

“So let’s clean this place up quickly and go help IlHaaan.”

“Okay. I need to take a place too. It’s a good opportunity to make him owe me.”

“You girls really like him, don’t you?”

“Shut up, oppa. Just defend the front!”

Like how the Lightning God clan was defending against the monsters, Metal Knights and Magia vaguely realized that they should defend against these lizard hybrids.

No, instead, with the appearance of these absurd monsters, the situation was inducing their cooperation, which seemed like it would never happen.

“Leader of Metal Knights, Michael Smithson.”

“Lord of Magia, Carina Malatesta.”

The man with the bad impression, who had resolved to kill Yu IlHan, and a noble-looking lady, that seemed like she would have never worked throughout her life, joined hands.

Both Metal Knights and Magia thought that they would only be running away after losing some manpower, but after the absurd monsters like the Orochi came out, they realized that this wasn’t a problem of them running away, but one that concerned the fate of Earth.

No matter how foolish and idiotic they were, they knew that in this situation, they should put their lives on the line and overcome this crisis, rather than leaving the Earth to doom.

Moreover, they coincidentally had what their counterpart lacked; Metal Knights had absurdly sturdy defense, and Magia had absurdly powerful magic.

“Can you really hold out? They are strong. They are on a completely different level to the ones that appeared until now on this archipelago.”

“Hmph, they don’t even itch me.”

In fact, they hurt like hell, but if they didn’t hold out here, then Earth would really be doomed.

“Please take care of us.”

“Fuu, likewise.”

Both Michael and Carina were saying ‘Fuck, fuck’ within their minds, but they formed a party calmly on the outside. This was the moment two of the most well off clans had merged their powers into one.

“If you got into a party, then fight already, fuckers!”

And Kang HaJin, who was splendidly getting beaten up at the front lines with the mutant species, shouted. It was a shout with a soul.



Chapter 73

Meanwhile, Yu lHan’s distraction plan was slowly nearing its limits as well.

{Kroaaar!}

As it had lost one of its heads, it shouldn’t really be called the ‘Yamata no Orochi’, so having become enraged, the Orochi shot 7 magic bullets to block Yu IlHan’s path.

Yu IlHan also judged that he had made enough distance and stopped running. If he ran anymore from here, then civilian casualties would increase rapidly anyway.

“Erta, do me a favor.”

[Just what can I do?](Erta)

“On Vanguard’s homepage, create a new official notice and link it everywhere. Mostly on the SNS.”

Erta’s eyes trembled as she heard that.

“Say that if they don’t come here right now and help us, they won’t be given the ‘higher ranked’ weapons purchase ticket that will be sold two months later.”

[Oh my god. Did you emphasize Vanguard ‘standard’ just so you could do this?](Erta)

“Just do it before more people die.”

{Kruooo!}

Yu IlHan became silent after ordering Erta. He had somehow successfully led the guy to a place without people, but he couldn’t think up of a way to fight that thing.

It was good that he had blown one head to smithereens with his pile bunker, but thinking in reverse, this meant that his strongest attack had only blown a single head.

It still had seven heads, and 8 intact tails. He solidified the thought that he would conquer the body rather than severing all those 17 appendages, but he didn’t think that it would obediently hand its body over to him to conquer.

His greatest ability, and the one that made him be called Susanoo, his concealment, was not usable anymore, and the power of the atlatl that he had used until now…..

“Hup!”

Yu IlHan experimented using his atlatl and threw a throwing spear with all his might.

The throwing spear that flew with explosive power did not allow the Orochi to avoid, but it miserably got deflected due to its thick scales. If this was a game, then a ‘0’ or a ‘MISS’ would pop up above Orochi’s head!

{Kroaaa!}

[Wow, this was something that instakilled those above level 90, but that thing ain’t even flinching.](Lita)

Even superhuman strength, and the attack power of the atlatl, along with his insane spearmanship could not get past the Orochi’s defenses.

He had done plenty well until now, but in the end, a limit had approached for him who could not use mana in a fight.

“Of course, I knew this would happen.”

Throwing spears using the atlatl was no good; and despite the fact that the pile bunker might still be effective even after losing the buff of a surprise attack, the problem was the loading time.

To load it to the 4th level, even Yu IlHan at his full strength in superhuman strength mode would require a full minute, but there’s no way that the Orochi would cheer him on while dancing while he was doing that.

“That leaves, there we go.”

{Kwaaa!}

Muttering to himself, Yu IlHan stopped formulating his battle plan and moved to dodge the magic bullets. It did not give him a single moment of rest.

{Krrr!}

Perhaps due to having inflicted a great wound, it was very careful. Despite the fact that it had power that would overwhelm him, it was afraid that it would get hurt anymore and was using long ranged attacks to corner him.

Its attacks probably weren’t just those magic bullets. The moment Yu IlHan gets used to them, it would bring out another type of attack like nothing and make him suffer.

If it didn’t know something, then it’s the fact that Yu IlHan would never let his guard down with it in front of him!

However, regardless of letting his guard down or not, it didn’t change the fact that the situation was grim.

“Atlatl’s no good, pile bunker’s impossible. Then do I need to throw some grenades after dodging like this?”

Fucking hell mode!

Swore Yu Ilhan, and the angels were also resolved to run away with him at any moment.

{Kuhuk, kuhhhuuu!}

It was right at that moment that a message that sounded like a girl-ghost from a horror movie resounded out.

[Dragon, those things that deserve to get ripped apart and pull the roots out of! I’m sure. That monster is a dragonkin!](Reta)

“What?”

When Yu IlHan asked back calmly, the existence that harbored endless hatred towards dragonkin, Reta Kar’iha’s thoughts, replied.

[The existence that you call Yamata no Orochi, is definitely a dragonkin! That aura, that mana! I can’t be wrong!](Reta)

“Oooh, okay. Actually, I suspected that, but I wasn’t too sure.”

Moreover, even if that was the case, the fact that the situation is grim doesn’t really change – muttered Yu IlHan in a voice that no one could hear.

However, with Reta Kar’ihas declaration, it was clear that a possibility had opened up for Yu IlHan. At least, it was much better than just now where he was complaining that there was no way to win.

He slowly took out a weapon from his Cross Bag and gripped it.

Dark Deathgod’s Dragon-exterminating Spike Spear.

This was something that increased critical hit rate and critical hit damage by 150% when fighting against dragonkin, and a gamma option that was meaningless until now. This was the moment that it would shine.

[Another round of magic bullets!](Erta)

Erta warned while screaming. It looked like it had overflowing mana as it poured out another seven of those frighteningly powerful purple magic bullets! Yu IlHan gripped on his spike spear while leaping around to dodge those magic bullets.

“Rather than that, look at this spear! What do you think?”

[If a critical hit occurs, then you’d be able to fight. It would be at least stronger than the pile bunker!](Lita)

Lita was thinking on the same lines as Yu IlHan. This spear had the insane option that would increase his critical hit rate and damage by 2.5 times as long as the one he was facing was a dragonkin. Although it would be hard to endure his attacks, if he could deal a critical hit, then it was doable!

And coincidentally, since his Cross Bag had the remote collection option, if he infinitely threw the spear and damaged it…….

{Krurarararararara!}

At that moment, Yamata no Orochi rung out all seven of its heads beautifully as if singing. However, the results of the seven magic bullets that it spat out were not beautiful at all.

Boom! Booboomm!

It was good that Yu IlHan had dodged all of them with his nimble movements, but the magic bullets that swished past him was utterly ruining the ground. Just looking at the ground depressing several meters made him plenty shocked, but it did not end with just that and burned the ground with purple flames.

He had seen this quite a few minutes a go as well; it had made the surroundings a sea of flames and made the people unable to stand. Half the reason why he had lead it all the way here was because of that.

[At this rate this place would become a sea of flames as well. IlHan, we need to keep switching battlefields!](Lita)

“At this rate we’d burn up all of Tokyo.”

About half of it was already like that already. He felt like his flesh was being cooked even without getting into contact with those flames directly, as his surroundings were a sea of flames, and just as when he got into position to throw his spear, another round of magic bullets would fly at him so he couldn’t find any chances.

“This is no good.”

Around that time, Yu IlHan had no choice but to change his thinking.

[IlHan, don’t tell me you?](Lita)

“Yup.”

Nodding, Yu IlHan stuck his spear towards his body, then he slightly crouched down: A leap position.

There are two ways to kill an enmy with a spear.

One was to pierce by throwing, and the other was to approach and stab.

Since he couldn’t find any opportunity nor place to throw it, he had no choice but to approach and stab!

The problem was that – he had to approach it after breaking through a baptism of magic bullets, and endure an unknown counterattack that it might have, before finding a weak spot to stab, and finally, deal a critical hit successfully.

What was worse was that it would end with just a single critical hit, but an uncountable number of them until it died.

[Even so, I feel like the difficulty was dropped from hell mode to nightmare mode!](Erta)

“It makes me even more depressed so don’t be so happy!”

Yu IlHan dodged its attacks again and abruptly widened his eyes.

The important elements in dealing a critical hit were: 1. observation, and 2. control. The softest and weakest spot on its body, or a place that it is trying to guard. He had to find such a spot and attack that place exactly.

In that sense, Yu IlHan was pretty lucky. He didn’t even have to spend effort to find its weak spot as it could already be seen. It was none other than the remains of the head that Yu IlHan had blown to bits with his pile bunker. To be exact, the part that exposed its inner flesh due to the explosion of the fragment shot!

Fortunately, this monster didn’t seem to have a great regeneration capability compared to its monstrous strength, as it could be seen that thick purple colored blood was dripping down.

“I’m going.”

Yu IlHan leaped. The Orochi shot a magic bullet exactly at that time, but as if he had expected that to happen, he re-leaped in the air right as it was about to collide with him.

As a result, the distance between him and the Orochi was decreasing, but as the Orochi had just finished shooting its magic bullet, it had no method of preventing the exciting close combat.

“It’s all going according to plan……!”

Yes. Yu IlHan had already learned the time that the Orochi took to shoot a single magic bullet, and was waiting for the opportunity for it to shoot all seven magic bullets at once!

The Orochi moved its seven heads in attempt to block Yu IlHan, but he had slipped through the heads as if laughing at it.

If there were still 8 heads, then it might have been difficult, but due to a loss of a head, it had a fatal gap. And Yu IlHan wasn’t an idiot who would miss that.

The head that bit the air and not Yu IlHan, roared loudly.

{Kroaaar!}

The Orochi definitely had a fast movement speed, but due to the huge body that went over tens of meters, it not agile in dodging. It was clear that the throwing spear that Yu IlHan threw last time was ‘unable’ to be dodged, not that it ‘didn’t’ dodge.

Having passed through the gaps in the Orochi’s heads, Yu IlHan instantly approached the center of the body, which was the connecting point for its seven heads and eight tails, and one that was abnormally puffed up. The exact spot that that was bleeding!

“Go croak!”

{Kuiii!}

Just as Yu IlHan confidently attacked the wound with his spear, the counterattack that he had expected had occurred.

The scales that covered its body suddenly stood up sharply and shot towards Yu IlHan.

[Yu IlHan!](Erta)

“I knew this would happen!”

He had already used up his re-leap, and since his charging momentum was too strong, he couldn’t dodge them either. Then there was no choice but to block them in his own way!

Confirming that thousands of scale-fragments were assaulting him, Yu IlHan gripped his spear tight and called out a huge shield made of ground monster bones using his remote collection.

The angels became shocked after seeing the application of the Cross Bag’s properties that they had never imagined.

[This is completely magic!](Lita)

[Oh my god, now that I think about it, we have given him an absurd reward!](Erta)

Whatever Lita and Erta said didn’t enter Yu IlHan’s ears. The sharp scale fragments pierced the huge shield and struck Yu IlHan’s full-body armor with a loud noise, which made his consciousness faint for a moment along with the continuous pain.

Although the power of those scales had weakened due to the shield, even so, the power of a 4th class mutant was overwhelming. Even though he was prepared, he felt like he had just toured the other world.

“Hup.”

[Are you okay, IlHan!?](Lita)

“I’m okay……!”

Enduring the pain that ragged his breathing, Yu IlHan barely landed on a place on top of the Orochi’s body, just a little away from the wound. He wanted to roll around on the ground and scream in pain, but he endured again and again.

Instead, using the remote collection of his Cross Bag, he called out a bloodrink to his mouth and sucked on it and madly operated transcendent regeneration to heal his injuries. He looked as if he was completely used to those actions.

He now could use remote collection to gather items at a distance to put in his Cross Bag, but also, could call out the items in his Cross Bang into a distance. If he analyzed how low the distance was, and how much vector he could put into it, then it would become usable during battle as well.

Like how he had just called the shield to weakened the impact of the scale-fragment baptism, like how he put the bloodrink on his mouth without moving his hand!

{Krrrkkkaakakaka!}

The Orochi seemed to have realized that a foreign object had landed on its body as it twisted its body around while roaring, but Yu IlHan counteracted with a simple measure.

“Nerf this! Weight transfer!”

He transferred the weight on the soles of the boots he was wearing!

At that moment, Orochi forgot everything in this world and screamed in pain.

{Kyaaak!}

This will hurt! since several thousand tons focused to a single point was stomping its body, even Yamata no Orochi’s great-grandfather would scream in pain, much less the being in question!

He wished to apply the several thousand ton weight every time he struck with his spear, but if he did that, his own body would get messed up before the Orochi did, so to stand on Orochi’s body, he had given up one of the capabilities of the Cross bag.

No, just this would inflict a DoT, so it couldn’t really be called a loss.

{Kroaaa! Kkakagagagakkaka!}

The Orochi tried to pull Yu IlHan off its body by twisting around. However, the boots weighing several thousand tons kept absolute stability as it pressed down. Yu IlHan was drinking the bloodrink while laughing.

“My feet damn hurts. It’s breaking apart and mending in a 10 second cycle.”

[Although you might be affected by the weight, you would have to endure the counter force. Just endure a little. You’re doing well!](Erta)

Erta’s ‘endure a little’ sounded like a dentist so he didn’t feel that good. However, pain was the proof of life. Yu IlHan could endure a pain at this level as much as he wanted if it was to survive.

However, as soon as he had endured through its soul-shaking dance, another disaster assaulted him.

[Now it’s the tails!](Lita)

“It’s alright. The magic bullets will come later too.”

[How’s that ‘alright’ at all?!](Lita)

[He probably meant that it would be dangerous either way!](Erta)

Yu IlHan’s words weren’t wrong. At the same time the armored eight tails swiped across the back to shake him off, the Orochi turned its head toward its body and opened its mouth, seemingly having resolved to bear some damage.

What gathered in those mouths were purple colored mana emitting horrifying heat. Really, quite shocking.

“Okay, one hit to begin with!”

However, he was frustrated since he had placed himself there with difficulty, so he couldn’t just obediently get off. Taking a deep breath quickly, Yu IlHan pulled out the spear that was embedded on the wound before stabbing the same place again!

[Critical Hit!]

{Kyaaak!}

Its body caused earthquakes repeatedly. The mana gathering in the seven mouths dissipated, and the eight tails that shot up with murderous intent also lost its strength and fell back down. Yu IlHan understood what it must have felt like.

Since, just now, about 50cm of flesh was dug out due to Yu IlHan’s attack.

50cm out of tens of meters!

“Now I just have to do the same thing until I reach the heart, right? It’s alright. I played a lot of Minecraft back in the days.”

[Don’t be so pessimistic This is plenty amazing!](Erta)

Yu IlHan called out another shield to block the spraying purple colored blood from the wound, since, if it was something that couldn’t be blocked with extreme poison resistance, it would be game over for him. His careful considerations were wise.

Even though the shield was made from the bones of monsters that were at least over 80 in level, it couldn’t endure the poisonous blood and oxidized in mid air.

{Kroaaa!}

That wasn’t the end of it. The overwhelming pain seemed to have made it more daring as it started swing its tails again!

Yu IlHan nimbly cancelled the weight transfer and ran across the Orochi’s back. Eight tails flew at him like whips, but something at that level wouldn’t be able to hit Yu IlHan.

THe problem was the seven magic bullets that flew at him with murderous intent radiating from it! Yu IlHan ran, leaped, and re-leaped to somehow block them. On the back of the orochi, purple flames appeared in succession.

{Kgagagagagak! Kyaaa!}

Even while twisting in pain, the Orochi did not stop its attacks. The tails that were sharper and heavier than any steel swords, and the magic bullets that were even more frightening continuously flew at him.

Yu IlHan barely held on on its back by using weight transfer whenever he felt like he would be shaken off, but no matter how good his reflexes were, it was impossible to completely evade all the attacks.

[Magic bullets, from 3 directions!](Erta)

[Another one behind you! IlHan!](Lita)

Barely dodging a tail, he pierced the spear again onto the body. Immediately after that, the Orochi changed tactics to move around its seven heads strangely to spit out magic bullets, each from a different direction.

Yu IlHan calculated in the moment that could be called instantaneous, and formulated a method to dodge the magic bullets. However, the maximum he could dodge were six. He couldn’t think up of a method to avoid the last one that came from behind.

“Ah, shit. Dammit all!”

In the end, Yu IlHan leaped before it became too late and called 3 shields to his back! These were the things that he planned to sell as Vanguard high rank equipment!

{Kwaaa!}

“Kuhak!”

From his back, he could feel a hot, no, a scorching heat. The three shields that blocked the magic bullets all melted down and heat assaulted Yu IlHan. Trying his best to endure the heat, Yu IlHan landed on the Orochi’s back, but he couldn’t help himself from groaning.

“Kuuu!”

[IlHan, are you alright!?](Lita)

“I’m not alright……!”

Such a sturdy legend-rank armor had melted. He was wearing an inner armor made of leather and cloth, but even that melted. Even though the attack he was hit by was a ‘normal attack’ that it had shot out!

Yu IlHan realized that he was walking on a tightrope all this time. Even though he could only whittle away 1/50 of the Orochi’s health with his full power, it could drive him to death with just a normal attack.

Was this the true power of a 4th class? If so, then he wouldn’t want to meet another one for quite a while.

“If this is over, then I’ll go home and rest.”

[You can win. Yu IlHan, I believe in you.](Erta)

[Do your best, IlHan. I will never let you die, so do your best until you feel like you’d die!](Lita)

Even though the relationship he had with the angels until now was so shallow, he felt like pain was dissipating just with the angels saying that. Deploying transcendent regeneration with a bloodrink on his mouth, Yu IlHan helplessly smiled.

Then he ran across the Orochi’s back again to stab the body!



Chapter 74

[Critical Hit!]

{Kroaaar!}

As the Orochi’s screams got louder, its attacks became more fierce as well.

Not stopping with making the land a sea of flames, it seemed as if it wanted to make its own body a sea of flames as well. As seven heads were aiming their magic bullets at Yu IlHan in order, eight tails were closing in on him as if to block his path of retreat, as well.

[It’s becoming more used to its own body!] (Lita)

Yu IlHan also agreed to Lita’s opinion. Unlike the beginning where it was unknown whether it wanted to destroy Yu IlHan or the Earth, currently, it had understood its powers and he felt like it was now pinpoint sniping him.

“Huuuk.”

He moved without loosening his tension at all, deployed weight transfer, along with transcendent regeneration as soon as superhuman strength’s duration ended, and supplied his body with bloodrink whenever it was about to go tired.

He strained his slow brain to calculate the trajectory of the Orochi’s attacks, and took out shields to block them. After all the shields he prepared had broken, he used the corpses of the monsters to replace them. Everything Yu IlHan had were now being used in battle.

“Hup!”

[Critical HIt!]

Yu IlHan’s armor melted down and at the same time, his flesh became burnt. Fountains of blood sprayed out from the Orochi’s body. At least two out of three of his attacks were critical hits, and by now, tens of them were stacked.

“But why the fuck isn’t it dying! Uwaaa!”

{Kroaaar!}

Yamata no Orochi was also sick and tired of Yu IlHan. A fly that seemed like it would die at any moment not only endured to the point of annoyance, it also dug holes over its body so there was no way it wouldn’t be annoyed.

In the end, it decided.

It had acknowledged that it would actually die if it wanted to keep its pride, and decided to remove him with all its power despite the fact that it mght become a little tattered.

“Huh.”

The time Yu IlHan noticed the change was not long after that. Its tail, body, and head were all gradually coloring in purple, and he could see that its seven heads were shortening while the tails were lengthening and thinning.

Moreover, the sharp spikes that protruded out from each of the tails was as if looking at a poisonous knife.

“Pattern change?”

Absent mindedly muttering, he gripped his spear with both of his hands. He had become enraged.

“Are you some boss monster in a game!? Huh!? Why is the pattern fucking changing!”

[It’s useless even if you vent your frustration in injustice!] (Erta)

“If this is the second phase, then there may as well be a third phase and a final phase!”

{Kroaaar!}

The Orochi answered with a roar. The blades at the end of the tails flew at him as if to pierce through his heart, and after that, its purple colored body started flaming up.

[IlHan!]

Lita shouted, but Yu IlHan did not have the room to answer. He could only think that he was in pain.

He had leapt as soon as he realized that flames were shooting out, but even despite that he could not completely evade the flames.

“Kuuuhk!”

Painful, even though the armor was holding out, that absurd heat could not be blocked completely. The flames transcended space to push his physical body into the abyss. The flesh, muscles, blood, and bones were all being scorched. If he did not have the mentality that had withstood loneliness for numerous years, it would probably have been impossible to remain conscious.

Only now that he had leapt several hundred meters into the air and escaped the effective range of the Orochi, did he continuously deploy transcendent regeneration while madly sucking on the bloodrink.

{Kgaaak!}

It also realized that Yu IlHan did not die. However, it did not shoot magic bullets anymore. Yes. It had probably given up its magic bullets in order to set its body on flames once again.

However, to replace it, the eight lengthened tails aimed for Yu IlHan like cannonballs. The blades at the end of the tails were also emitting a poisonous aura with purple light.

It had paid the price of its necks shortening, but the flexibility of the tails became absurdly high. Faster than Yu IlHan falling down, the eight tails were shooting up as if competing with each other.

The scene was a spectacle as if dragons were rising to heaven, but for Yu IlHan, who would be the one to get pierced by it soon, it was quite a damned scene.

“Hup!”

{Kgwaaak!}

Activating re-leap while falling down, Yu IlHan stepped on the air and got as far away from it as possible.

Its tails did not expect that he would suddenly change directions in mid air, and were tangled into a mess. However, it wouldn’t take a lot of time before it untangled the tails and assault Yu IlHan again.

The place Yu IlHan landed on was on the roof of a collapsed building that was miles away from the original battlefield. Now that he had escaped the first battlefield, the place that had turned into a sea of flames by the Orochi, he felt cool despite there being no wind.

{Kroaaarkakagagakaka!}

The Orochi charged towards Yu IlHan. A path of flames rose wherever it passed, but unlike the magic bullets that made the scene of impact a sea of flames, those traces didn’t last long.

It was different from the time he had to give up fighting on the ground and go on its back due to the rain of magic bullets.

Despite the horrifying pain that he felt while his injuries were healing, Yu IlHan ended up laughing at that scene.

Why did it give up its magic bullets? That was because the Orochi was afraid of Yu IlHan climbing onto its back again.

Being annoyed at the fact that increasing injuries on its body, it had given up its most potent weapon. Of course, those bladed tails were just as dangerous, but it was much better than the magic bullets that destroyed the surroundings.

“Now I have the advantage.”

Then, what kind of battle can Yu IlHan do on the ground? This, was already proven countless times.

[The skill, Transcendent Regeneration, has reached Lv 30. The range of regenerating the body increases and becomes more efficient.]

Coincidentally, his body completely recovered just as the skill levelled up. His back, in which even the bones could be seen, was now covered in glossy skin.

Well, he was worried since the armor that covered the flesh were absolutely tattered and molten, but now, he had no thoughts of getting hit again.

Yu IlHan adjusted his posture. He gripped the dragon-exterminating spike spear, which was the number one contributor to this battle, as tightly as possible, bent his knees, and pulled back his arms. The muscles of his arms became taut like a drawn bowstring, puffed up inside his armor.

{Kwaaa!}

“Ha!”

With a single syllable shout, he threw the spike spear, which easily broke through the Orochi’s eight tails before embedding itself deeply into the wound that was made by the pile bunker.

Flames receded, scales shattered, skin became tattered, flesh burst apart, blood evaporated, muscles ripped apart, and bones broke.

[Critical Hit!]

{Kuaaak!}

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan sighed in relief after seeing that his attack had worked properly, and that the spike spear that pierced the Orochi’s body had safely been collected into his Cross Bag.

The Orochi also seemed to have realized its own mistake after being injured by Yu IlHan’s throwing spear, but at that time, it was too late – it was impossible to revert its changed body.

{Kroaaar!Kugagagagagkakagagaga!}

“Hup!”

The Orochi charged. The eight tails flew at him from different directions as if each of them had a will of their own; and the blades glistened dangerously at the end of those tails!

However, just because it became a little sharper, there was no reason to fear it in any way. The Orochi, the controller of those blades, had not changed from the start. It had only changed appearances, but the patterns in swinging those tails had no change.

Yu IlHan evaded them all without difficulty, and threw his spear in that process.

[Critical Hit!]

{Kuwaaa!}

[How come it’s a critical whenever he throws it?] (Lita)

[It’s just my hypothesis, but isn’t it that the defense of its body had become weaker in price of burning its body in flames?] (Erta)

Yu IlHan ignored the angels’ words for now. He only collected the spear, then threw it again. He evaded the attacks of the tails, evaded its charge which felt like it would collapse the Earth, and threw his spear again.

A critical hit occurred whenever he threw his spear. From the Orochi’s purple flame covered body, fountains of blood sprayed out.

It roared at the heavens, but now that wouldn’t affect Yu IlHan anymore. He could only see the injuries of his prey.

It didn’t matter if his body was injured and tired. He might have thought about it if someone gave him a way out, but wasn’t his fate to live and die on Earth?

He knew that everything would be over if he didn’t kill it, and as such, his fighting spirit only increased. His feeble body endured through each moment with the help of the combination of bloodrink and transcendent regeneration.

At that time, the Lightning God clan had arrived. They were dazed at the sight of Yu IlHan evading the Orochi’s disastrous and frightening attacks by a hair’s breadth, and throwing his spear to burst its skin and break its bones.

“No way.”

Kang HaJin denied reality even though he was looking at the scene with his own two eyes. It wasn’t that he wanted Yu IlHan to die. However, he at least expected that he would be in a tougher situation.

Wasn’t this thing a 4th class? There should be no one on Earth right now who could fight a 4th class alone!

“How can a human, a human of Earth… This isn’t possible.”

“But he is human, thooough.”

“Weapon. His weapon must be special.”

The solution that Kang HaJin came up with in denying reality couldn’t be more correct but the others ignored him.

The Clan Master, Kang MiRae, gritted her teeth while looking at Yu IlHan fighting the Orochi on equal grounds.

“We will help him exterminate the Orochi.”

“No.”

“Yes.”

Kang MiRae declared and bit on a blue colored potion before holding up her staff with both of her hands.

“The Orochi’s aggro is solely held by him anyway. We only need to be careful of the stray attacks. Like those blades and fire.”

“Looks like I should defend with my life on the line.”

“Na YuNa, you help him like you said last time. They may look like they are equal but the Orochi has not shown its limits yet.”

“Yup, I came here to do exactly that.”

“Good, I’ll leave it to you.”

Having finished with ordering, Kang MiRae started casting her incantation. Na YuNa buffed her with a magic enhancement, before turning her gaze towards Yu IlHan.

The land was burning. The Orochi burning in purple light looked like a monster that came to destroy humanity, and Yu IlHan was blocking it, alone, on the ground.

What seemed like an iron wall-like armor was molten to the point that it could not be any less effective, and the spear in his hands also became slightly blunt after breaking through the flames so many times. Just looking at those two equipment was enough to make her imagine what kind of frightening battle he had until now.

It was curious that no injuries could be seen on his body, but he was probably tired despite having no injuries.

[That human is a monster. He’s a monster incomparable to the Orochi.] (Feyta)

“I know, Feyta.”

Seeing Yu IlHan holding out alone against a 4th class mutant boss, Feyta seemed slightly scared despite her pride as a higher existence. However, Na YuNa smiled slightly and replied in a nonchalant manner.

“That’s why it’s more fun.”

Na Yuna raised her two hands without hesitation, and brought out all her holy power that she had not used even in this frightening battlefield. The scene of her entire body being covered in pink colored aura made people wonder if she was really a 2nd class. 

“Your servant that was blessed by you, Na YuNa, dearly wishes.”

The lands shook. Even the berserk mana in the air could not win against that power and was sucked into her. Kang Mirae, who was preparing her magic, Kang HaJin, who was desperately guarding at the front, and even the Orochi who was attacking Yu IlHan turned their attention to her.

Only Yu IlHan, the target of the holy power, threw his spear several times while the Orochi was distracted.

And Na YuNa’s chant was finished.

“Bestow your mark of a hero to the one that strives to save the world by defeating great evil!”

Yu IlHan’s injured and fatigued body warmed up in an instant as if he had entered hot springs.

[For 5 minutes, health and magic recovery rate increases by 300%. Attack power increases by 70% and critical hit rate increases by 50% when fighting against an enemy that is 100 levels or more higher than you.]

A too-delightful-to-be-true notice of green text appeared on Yu IlHan’s retina. That was a sudden and huge power.

Yu IlHan instantly realized why an angel was tagged on to Na YuNa. She was an absurd monster. The words ‘She’s the hope of Earth’, or ‘She will save humanity’ weren’t lies.

Of course, to use Na YuNa’s chant perfectly, there was an absurd condition where one had to fight something or someone a hundred levels higher than them, but that wasn’t a problem right now.

Although he had levelled up several times during this incident, he was still a 2nd class (Lv200)!

{Kroooaaar!}

However, the Orochi didn’t seem to like the oh-hope-of-Earth Na Yuna. Its eight tails that continuously tried to pierce Yu IlHan seemed to miss him before heading towards Na YuNa!

Of course, this was within Yu IlHan’s calculations.

Thinking that he wouldn’t be a human if he left her to die after being buffed, Yu IlHan kicked off the ground instantly to catch up with the tails and swung his spike spear. The moment he did, his arm muscles puffed up to the limits.

“Haap!”

His spear strike was tremendously more destructive than just now, and at the same time, was frighteningly sharp. Although the spike spear had become slightly blunt after being thrown into fire several times, if the wielder was a master of spearmanship, then it was as good as new.

And that, had called for a miracle.

[Critical Hit!]

A flash flickered across the air, and unbelievably, one of the Orochi’s eight tails were cut off midway and rolled on the ground. After that, it was collected into the Cross Bag immediately. Now Yu IlHan had a matching pair – a head and a tail.

{Kruuukagagagagagak!}

[Wow, this actually got cut.] (Lita)

Lita muttered in a daze. Even Yu IlHan didn’t imagine that it would actually get cut apart, and became dazed momentarily, while the Orochi rolled on the ground in pain. The people who were looking at that scene all became dazed as well.

“Yup, heroes should do at least that much!”

Only the one who gave the buff, Na YuNa, nodded in satisfaction.

{Kroararar! Kiguggagagak!}

Orochi’s pain-filled screams resounded across the lands, and after that, its landscape-changing power ran berserk. 

From the concrete and cement rubble-covered land, purple vines started growing. Every time it screamed, the thorned vines grew, got thicker, and shot up.

“Shit!”

“Master, not yet!?”

Kang MiRae did not answer them. It was as if she would keep chanting even if those thorned vines covered her up. No, perhaps, nothing could be seen in her eyes.

As such, all the clan members with Kang HaJin at the head, could only sigh while they defended against the shooting vines in order to protect Na YuNa and Kang MiRae.

[Yu IlHan!] (Erta)

“Not yet.”

Tens of layers of thorned vines flew at him to restrain him. However, Yu IlHan did not activate leap to avoid them and instead cut apart each and every one of them with his spear while running forward. He endured the thorns that pierced his body. He sucked on the bloodrink, and recovered those wounds using transcendent regeneration.

[I think you drank 50 liters just in this fight.] (Lita)

“You wanna drink too?”

Joking around, Yu IlHan swung his spear. It was probably due to Na YuNa’s buff, but during the short 5 minutes, he had the power to slash apart the Orochi’s tail. The fact that the Orochi had blocked Yu IlHan’s path using vines was also because it had realized that Yu IlHan could be a threat to its life.

It probably knew as well that this kind of absolute power wouldn’t stay with Yu IlHan for long. The thorned vines were only to drag time. What was frustrating was that Yu IlHan had no choice but to be done in by this scheme.

However, even so.

“I can win.” Yu IlHan muttered while glancing at the Lightning God Clan.

Of course, he would have fought with his life on the line even if he was alone, but thanks to them appearing he now could clearly see the path to victory.

Especially, that incantation that Kang MiRae was chanting now.

A high concentration of mana that was unbefitting of a 2nd class, was still gathering towards her. This level of mana was plenty dangerous for the Orochi after it had become riddled with wounds due to the fight with Yu IlHan!

{Kroaaar!}

“What do you think you’re doing?”

The destination that Yu IlHan was heading to while cutting apart the vines was of course, the Orochi. Like how it had attacked Na YuNa last time, Yu IlHan was sure that it would attack Kang MiRae, and to prevent that, he was planning to throw himself, the biggest threat, in front of it.

{Krrr!}

The forest of thorned vines was cut apart as a whole. Yu IlHan’s spear made a path, and he blocked and struck against the tail that was heading to Kang MiRae.

“Dammit.”

Just one action of defending made his shoulder muscles and bones broken, but they soon recovered and solidified. Thanks to Na YuNa’s chant, the efficiency of transcendent regeneration had increased quite a lot.

Pain was the evidence of life, if he didn’t die then he could endure no matter how long. Well, at least for the 4 minutes that Na YuNa’s chant lasted!

He had to kill it within that time somehow. If Kang MiRae’s chant was completed before that, then it was possible.

{Krrr, Kroararara!}

However, immediately after he thought that, what he had expected to a certain point, but didn’t wish for it to happen, had arrived.

Yamata no Orochi’s body started changing again.

It had also realized. This was the final phase. The moment of showdown between human and monster!



Chapter 75

The flames burning on its body receded in an instant. Was it trying to go back to how it was before?

Yu IlHan was worried that it might shoot magic bullets again, but the Orochi’s body changed in a different way to the one he imagined. There was no change to the seven heads, but the seven tails seemed to fuse before it became a single, huge tail.

Despite the fact that the situation was quite serious, Yu IlHan couldn’t not shout.

“That’s no longer a Yamata no Orochi, though!”

[I knew you’d say that!] (Erta)

Like the 2nd phase, the now fused tail had a sword protruding from the end. Befitting of the fusion of the seven tails, the sword was much bigger, sharper, and longer. What was more fatal was that a vicious purple flame was burning on top of it.

[It focused its means of attack into its tail.] (Lita)

[Be careful, Yu IlHan. It will be different from just now!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan also expected to a certain point. He was even scared thinking about how he would have thought if Na YuNa’s support wasn’t here!

As soon as it changed, it charged towards Yu IlHan, and the tail that was attached to the body stretched like a rubber band and flew at him. The giant sword at the end emitted a horrendous light!

“Ugh!”

No matter how much stronger he became, the option of blocking that sword head on did not exist. Yu IlHan left that place with all his power, and immediately after that, the giant sword struck the ground, leaving a crater tens of meters large while burning it. It was truly a tremendous force.

{Kuhaaa!}

Not satisfied with just a single attack, the Orochi charged towards Yu IlHan with all its might. Perhaps due to fusing the tails into one, its speed had also become incomparably faster than before. The seven heads flashed its fourteen eyes and looked at him.

Yu IlHan focused all his nerves. This attack was much more fatal, and faster than the magic bullet.

If he only focused on the tail, then one of the seven heads would swallow Yu IlHan, and if he tried to avoid it, then he would be sliced into halves by the giant sword before turning into ashes and scattering.

However, he couldn’t die here.

There were still 3 minutes to the buff. It was too short of a time to kill it, but Yu IlHan did not give up.

“In, insane. He was fighting against this?”

“But look at it, it’s dying. It’s only a last struggle before death.”

It seemed like another person had intruded on the battlefield, but Yu IlHan didn’t mind them. If he minded those trivial details while his life was on the line, then he would die.

{Khwaaakakakagagagak!}

The giant sword smashed the ground, and the flames flickered onto the ground and scorched pebbles that was scattered everywhere. Yu IlHan dodged each and every one of them and waited until the opportunity to sever its life, came. He believed that it would definitely come.

I will definitely win. I cannot die here! – These two thoughts enhanced Yu IlHan’s concentration beyond its limits.

He saw through everything on the battlefield, and picked out only the information useful to him, and calculated what action he should take at every moment.

“Looking at it now, that’s true. We can kill it! We just have to wait until Susanoo dies before partying with the Lightning God Clan, then, we’ll have a share too.”

“Idiot, if Susanoo dies, then we all die! I’m saying that we need to help Susanoo! Right now!”

Numerous people started gathering on the battlefield, the thorned vines were being destroyed, and the Orochi was roaring. Those with and without ability all attacked the Orochi, and the battle was nearing its climax.

And at one moment, Yu IlHan naturally knew that the time to counterattack had come.

Even though there were only 2 minutes left of Na YuNa’s buff, but fortunately, Kang MiRae had finished her preparation.

She had prepared a magic that would even work against a 4th class, and put it into a defenseless state even. She was waiting for the moment to activate it. The wait was to match Yu IlHan’s timing.

Now, that he had become ever so sensitive to mana, did he know.

How? It was impossible until now!

Even amidst the endless pain and fatigue, Yu IlHan felt a wondrous pounding. Despite the fact that he himself was in the middle of the battlefield, he could feel the breath of the Orochi and the people that surrounded it.

No, it wasn’t only that. What came into his senses weren’t just mere breaths.

The mana that everyone had, the mana that covered the world, and the mana that boiled in his heart could be felt. He also realized by what method it could move, and how it changed.

This was an awakening, an enlightenment, and a moment of emotion.

He finally knew why the angels said that there was no need for additional training. This was Yu IlHan’s wings, which he had not had until now.

How could a wingless existence practice flapping wings? It was enough to wait until the wings were sprouted, and nothing else could be done.

And finally, it had borne fruit.

Yu IlHan had not seen the Earth properly until now. Despite knowing the existence of mana, he did not understand it properly.

If it was now, he could. Mana was wonder, possibility, and absolute power.

“We won.”Yu IlHan muttered.

[We will win.] (Lita)

[We will definitely win.] (Erta)

The angels declared without a shred of doubt. Yu IlHan didn’t know what their inner thoughts were, when they were actually thinking that they would run away after kidnapping him if things became the worst, but he was happier because he didn’t know.

Here was a pervert that liked absurd homeworks and absurd trust in himself.

Yu IlHan swung his arms to slash all the thorned vines in an instant, and leaped into the air. Although he had just started wielding mana, he felt that the amplification of superhuman strength had increased after he put mana into it.

From the watching Orochi, seven heads, a huge sword flew at him, but Yu IlHan re-leaped as if waiting for it.

High into the skies, to a zone that the Orochi could never reach now that it could not use the magic bullets!

{Krrr!}

It roared while seeing Yu IlHan shooting up into the air. Wasn’t there a precedent already of it being ambushed by it? While it was afraid that Yu IlHan might come again with a similar weapon to the pile bunker, seeing him rising to heights out of its range, it could not hide its worry.

However, it had no room to mind for Yu IlHan, since countless humans were rushing at it trying to peel off some scales!

One ant was just one ant, but if tens of thousands of ants attacked, it would definitely become a scary matter. It really wanted to be on guard against Yu IlHan, but it couldn’t not confront the other humans.

And that, was what Yu IlHan had aimed for. It was also the only useful effect of the people that came to the battlefield.

“That’s a nice view.”

Gripping onto the spike spear in mid air, Yu IlHan postured himself – a throwing spear position.

This was a method that he hadn’t used until now since he would helplessly fall down and get eaten after he threw it. One that poured out all his power into a single attack, and one that befitted of a death god.

He couldn’t use this since the Orochi was constantly conscious of him after the pile bunker ambush. As long as the Orochi was conscious of him, no matter how strong of an attack he used, it would evade it and that would be the end.

This was also why he was waiting for the moment Kang MiRae used her magic. If it was her, he expected that she would buy him enough time for his passive concealment to activate again.

However, now, that kind of probability fight was unnecessary.

Breathing deeply, Yu IlHan awakened the boiling mana in his heart, and carefully activated his innate, absolute ability.

Which was none other than concealment.

[……!] (Erta)

[Il, IlHan, you, don’t tell me you…] (Lita)

The two angels finally noticed the great change that Yu IlHan had met, but Yu IlHan did not reply; he was concentrating in deceivingthe Orochi and successfully activated concealment.

{Krk?}

And that bore fruit. The Orochi, which was conscious of the air that Yu IlHan had shot into, even while fighting against the humans, had lost his presence in a blink of an eye.

It simply thought that it was because there were too many humans for it to mind, and that it could become conscious of Yu IlHan again after he fell back down.

This, was an error that decided the battle.

The ground was in a mess. It was good that they had defeated the other mutant species with the help of foreign ability users, but as they tried to defeat even the Orochi with that morale, they were swiped out like fallen leaves to the autumn wind.

However, what was the reason that they attacked in the first place? It was because they had seen that the Orochi was riddled with wounds, and thought that they could take a share if they attacked.

The Orochi was huge, and if they succeeded in killing it, then the amount of wealth they could loot from it would be enormous.

They paid the price for their greed. Their overflowing desire came back to them as blades that severed their heads, and the executioner did not hesitate even a little.

The next moment, Kang MiRae’s lightning magic struck it. This was the moment Yu IlHan had waited for.

{Krahaaakagagagak!}

Its violent screams could be heard even by Yu IlHan high up in the air. Even while posturing himself to throw his spear, he ended up leaking a smile.

He had thought about what one must eat to bring out such a scream from a 4th class monster, before he realized that it wasn’t something he himself should be thinking about.

“Sorry for not getting into a party.” Yu IlHan muttered quietly.

No matter how great of a magic she shot out, and no matter how great of a buff that Na YuNa had given him, no matter how tens of thousands of people were attacking the Orochi, the MVP of this battle could only be him.

There were 19 seconds left to the buff.

He took a deep breath again, and threw his spear with all his might. At the same time, he transferred the weight of the Cross bag onto it as well.

The spike spear flew down vertically while drawing a pitch black line that connected the skies and the Earth, and pierced through the electrified body of the Orochi.

Like chopsticks to a piece of soft tofu.

{Kahk.}

Such were the last words of the Orochi. Since an absurd shock had struck its body and burst its heart at its weakest moment due to the lightning magic, there was no way it could mutter anymore.

[You have earned 2,051,894,873 experience.]

[You have become level 87. 7 Strength, 5 Agility, 4 Health, 4 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the title ‘Dragon Slayer.’. All abilities increase by 10% when fighting against dragonkin.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 221 Yamata no Orochi.]

[You have acquired the legend rank artifact, Heavenly Cloud-Gathering Sword. (Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi)]

[Absorbing the power of life of Yamata no Orochi with the power of Death Collector.]

Strings of text appeared on Yu IlHan’s retina. Despite the fact that there was only a 20 level difference between it and the 4th class mage, the experience given was quadruple the amount, it was so absurd.

What was more absurd was that he had only levelled up by 4 despite all that!

The spear that struck the ground after piercing through the heart of the Orochi, and the corpse of the Orochi disappeared from the ground. Of course, it had gone into Yu IlHan’s Cross Bag, but the humans watching only became dazed.

“Just, what.”

“Did you see that? Something fell from the sky.”

The fools were shamelessly getting angry that someone had took the treasure that was theirs, but this was a minority of the minority.

The Susanoo Army that endured through the mutant rush and came to this battlefield were touched that ‘Lord Susanoo’ had protected Japan, and cried. Magia and Metal Knights were shocked and confused since the situation was over before they had a chance to put a fork in, while the clan master of the Lightning God Clan, Kang MiRae, bit her lips at the scene of the overwhelming power.

“……That last strike, there’s no way that was true”

“MiRae, you angry? But stealing’s no good.”

Na YuNa tilted her head before clinging to Kang MiRae. However, Kang MiRae herself just shook her head and pushed her away. Then, she muttered in a small voice only enough for her and Kang HaJin to hear.

“Will I, be able to draw a beautiful line like that someday?”

Kang MiRae could not notice Yu IlHan in his concealed state, but she definitely saw the attack that connected the skies and the Earth. And that scene was still embedded on her eyes right now.

“Hm.”

Na YuNa saw it as well – the overwhelming destructive power that seemed like it could split apart anything, as well as the attack that was completed with her help. It even felt a little desolate, and the trajectory was that of a God’s judgement. As such, she thought more carefully before replying while smiling brightly.

“I don’t think you caaan?”

“Na YuNa, I will kill you!”

“Uaaa. I was only being honeeest!”

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan had lost all his strength after throwing that spear, and was helplessly falling down, and could not safely land on the ground.

Even though he himself could not use magic, despite having become able to wield mana, Erta had cast magic with the reason that ‘it will be pitiful if he got injured after awesomely killing the Orochi’.

[Now you will go rest, right?] (Lita)

[That was a nice finish.] (Erta)

The angels were the same in becoming delighted at Yu IlHan’s marvelous actions.

At the moment of crisis, humanity all attacked the monster, and the main character killed the monster after awakening a new finisher attack. Isn’t that the perfect finale?

However, Yu IlHan denied their words with a laugh.

“What nonsense are you saying?”

After seeing the mass of humans that gathered at the place that the Orochi had disappeared, he turned his head and walked towards another direction. It was a different direction to the one he came from.

“The Dungeon Wave isn’t over yet. Even if I have to rest. I should rest after cleaning up Chiba at least. Those in novels always died after being relieved after killing the boss. There cannot be such a thing to us.”

[……I really pity the ones that have IlHan as the enemy. I mean it.] (Lita)

[You just realized that, Lita?] (Erta)

Hero Yu IlHan, that had broken through the biggest and the most serious crisis that arrived at humanity after the Great Cataclysm.

Now that it had become possible for him to cancel his concealment since he could use mana, he had instead ran off to kill other monsters quietly without cancelling it.

After 3 days, he returned back to Korea after finishing up the Dungeon Wave in Japan.



Chapter 76

Having returned to Korea, Yu IlHan immediately took the taxi to go back to Seoul, and entered his house. He subconsciously looked for his mother, but remembering that he became independent, he made a smile.

“I’ll wash and go to sleep.”

[I wanna sleep together too, since I think Spiera might be calling for me at any moment.] (Lita)

[Rest together. BUT, mini-sized.] (Erta)

‘Fighting for several days without rest’ sounds cool, but in reality, it stank, and was unbelievably dirty. Especially since Yu IlHan was grinding in dungeons for 3 weeks before that as well.

He took off all his ‘armor’, which were no different from rags, threw away his inner clothing, and washed up.

It would be a lie to say that he didn’t want to check the spoils of war, especially that of Orochi’s, but no matter how his physical body was in top condition with the help of level ups and transcendent regeneration, since his mental fatigue had reached the maximum, he dived onto his bed without saying anything.

“Wake me up tomorrow morning.”

[It’s morning now though…?] (Erta)

“G’night…”

Bringing out the full powers of the Resting skill, Yu IlHan fell asleep in 1.5 seconds after he lied on the bed. He had gone into such deep sleep that even if the Orochi roared right next to his ear, he wouldn’t wake up.

[We didn’t even give him the rest of the quest rewards though.] (Erta)

[I will be sleeping here with IlHan, so go reap some quest rewards. Oh yeah, bring him some skills if possible, ones that can help him.] (Lita)

[Can I really leave you two here alone?] (Erta)

Erta looked at Lita in disbelief, but Lita did not say anything and instead waved her hands. In the end, Erta had no choice but to leave it to Lita’s conscience.

Of course, the conscience-less angel, Lita, stuck next to the sleeping Yu IlHan AFTER she had reverted to human size as soon as she saw Erta leaving, but she didn’t seem to have any other motives as she kept looking at the side of his face.

[His sleeping face looks so cute too.] (Lita)

Looking back, it did seem like his face did get quite neater as he levelled up continuously. She did feel a little disappointment since the face she had seen for a thousand years was disappearing, but what mattered to her was not his face but his existence itself, so she could shake away that disappointment soon.

[It would be good if we lived like this forever, right……?]

Muttering quietly, Lita pulled Yu IlHan’s arm and hugged it. If Yu IlHan heard it, he would have shouted “No! That’s a flag for separating in the next scene!” but since he was sleeping, he couldn’t retort.

She slowly closed her eyes. And like Yu IlHan did, she fell deep asleep.

Meanwhile, Erta was caught by the other angels as soon as she had arrived.

[Where’s Lita? Why isn’t she here with you?]

[Tell me about that human. The one that killed the 4th class mutant was your partner, right?]

[Introduce him to me too!]

[Shouldn’t we lure him into being an angel? Wouldn’t he become a higher existence very soon? We need to give him the bait right now!]

Since angels were nagging her from everywhere, her mind was in a mess. This incident had been that shocking.

4th class monsters only appeared in worlds that had experienced the 2nd Great Cataclysm at least, and for humans to defend against such beings smoothly, the 3rd Great Cataclysm would be needed to be experienced.

However, in a world that had only gone through a mere 1st Great Cataclysm, someone had blocked a 4th class with such little casualties, and a mutant one at that too!

[There’s something more important than that. The Overflow, did you find out who caused it?] (Erta)

When Erta asked one of the angels, that angel shook his head in defeat.

[There were quite a few angels in that place, but none had caught traces of them.]

[From how they used Traps of Destruction, it’s definitely a traitor’s doing. I checked and they don’t even know when the Traps were leaked out. Idiots!]

[Only Feyta, who couldn’t see through it despite being right next to it, is having a big time getting crushed.]

Oh my god, walking on the spot again? Even though the number of angels dispatched had been increased precisely to prevent these kind of situations?

This was why they deserved to be insulted as ‘useless’ by Yu IlHan – thinking up to that point, Erta sighed.

[Erta.]

Just as Erta set foot into the Heaven City with the other angels, someone appeared in front of her. Lifting her head, Erta could confirm a brave angel with a spear of pure white on her back, Spiera.

[Spiera-nim. Lita is currently resting. She will probably come back up on her own later.] (Erta)

[Tell her, that there is no more special training.] (Spiera)

[Did her advancement get cancelled?] (Erta)

[No, it was approved.] (Spiera)

When Erta widened her eyes, Spiera replied with a bitter smile.

[The Wall of Chaos is opening. It’s as if it had waited for the moment for the forces of Heaven to be focused on Earth. There is no more time to leisurely do special training.] (Spiera)

Wall of Chaos, this was the front lines of the battlefield between the angels and evil higher existences that tried to devour all records of all worlds unlike the angels who guarded and managed countless worlds.

Normally, they could not pass the wall made with Heaven’s power, but sometimes, there were times when the strength of the walls became unbelievably weak.

These were moments that they were desperately waiting for, and also the moment when the angels go into battle with their life on the line as the true Army of Heaven.

Yu IlHan always told them that they were useless, but he shouldn’t be able to speak like that anymore once he knew what the angels were really doing in order to protect the many worlds.

Of course, that didn’t make the angels not responsible for what had happened to Earth.

[Will Lita be needed in battle?] (Erta)

[She is capable. If she didn’t strongly request herself, we wouldn’t have sent her to Earth.] (Spiera)

Thinking back to Lita’s 3000 aerial combo against the traitor, Erta subconsciously nodded her head. At that moment Spiera’s words continued.

[I have heard about what happened on Earth. However, unfortunately, Army of Heaven will not have the room to mind about a single world for quite a while. We will have to leave it to the humans.] (Spiera)

Erta’s mind became faint. Not mind? Even though Earth became to be in such a mess? She hurriedly replied.

[It’s not that I don’t understand since the situation is like this, but the situation on Earth is very serious. If Yu IlHan wasn’t present during this incident, then Earth would have been doomed just like that. We have already committed a lot of crimes against Earth!] (Erta)

[However, since there was that human, Yu IlHan, the Earth was safe, was it not?] (Spiera)

Erta couldn’t believe what Spiera was saying.

Was she trying to push all the management of a world that the Heaven’s Army was in charge of, to a single human? With the reason being ‘capable’?

The difference in leagues between Spiera and Erta was very wide. Despite that, Erta became thoroughly enraged. Spiera looked and laughed.

[Is that it? Erta, do you also love that person? Quite the funny matter.] (Spiera)

[I only worry for my contractor.] (Erta)

[I don’t care what you name that emotion you harbor. What’s more important is that you harbor feelings to a lower existence that you have only met for 3 months.] (Spiera)

[Were you one that discriminated lower existences?] (Erta)

[I only differentiate them.] (Spiera)

Erta shut her mouth. Inwardly, she wanted to stab that rotten bitch’s stomach with a spear, but if she said that out loud, it was clear that she would get beaten up.

[Our duty is to fairly manage and protect all worlds. However, slaying predators from the Wall of Chaos is another one of our duties, and if we get pushed back on the front lines, then an according number of worlds will lose their light. Unless our bodies suddenly multiply by two, we need to choose a more correct choice.] (Spiera)

[I……I, also know.] (Erta)

[Fuu.] (Spiera)

Erta’s expression wasn’t that of understanding at all, so Spiera decided to explain the higher up’s decision in an easier manner. There was still a lot of time since the Wall of Chaos hadn’t opened completely yet, and Erta was also a contractor to the most important person on Earth.

Having chased away all the other angels that were eavesdropping, Spiera led Erta into one of the resting places of Heaven -one that many human imagine heaven to be: A boring and empty place where little birds chirped on top of lands made of clouds.

[I did panic since higher existences along with traitors were in this, but they also cannot do anything directly. All they can do is to connect gates to other worlds that take Earth to be a target of conquer, or cause Overflows…… They are, in the end, things that happen between lower existences, no?] (Spiera)

[They definitely are, but this is a crisis that’s two whole stages higher than Earth’s current levels.] (Erta)

[However, since it’s between lower existences, we cannot directly interfere. The only thing we can do is prevention, but is that happening properly?] (Spiera)

Even Erta couldn’t be free from those responsibilities. She was Yu IlHan’s contractor, but she was also, an angel.

[Even higher angels aren’t responding properly. Is this all simply because the angels dispatched to Earth are all useless? No, this is impossible unless our enemies have analyzed us meticulously, have procured enough traitors, and have calculated the future.] (Spiera)

[So, that’s why, you’re saying that we should wash our hands off this matter? Do you think that it will be all over once we sacrifice Earth?] (Erta)

[What is definite is that we will be playing into their hands even if we recklessly dispatch more angels.] (Spiera)

‘They’. As Heaven had a lot of enemies, they couldn’t find out exactly who was behind this. It might be the Destruction Demon Army, who are gritting their teeth right on the other side of the Wall of Chaos, or the Army of Brilliant Light, who have colored their wings with an ash grey color.

[That’s why we need to use another method. Not just simply defending Earth, but to protect all worlds including Earth.] (Spiera)

[By throwing it all onto the people of Earth, that is.] (Erta)

Erta retorted, but Spiera surprisingly nodded her head.

[Higher existences should do what they can do with their own power, and lower existences should do things within their own capabilities. At least, the higher ups think that this is more efficient, at the same time, being the method that can minimize damage. As such.] (Spiera)

[As such?] (Erta)

[We are planning to give as much support and reward as possible within the range of what our Heaven’s Army can do, to the ones that are proactively moving around to protect Earth. From what I know, there is an overwhelming first place on Earth.] (Spiera)

Speaking up to that point, Spiera pulled Erta towards her.

[We will open the treasury of Heaven. There’s something that just fits him.] (Spiera)

[Although I cannot acknowledge you and the higher ups’ decision, but I will gladly receive what I can.] (Erta)

[Why are you thanking me? It isn’t for you but for the one called Yu IlHan.] (Spiera)

Erta lost her words, and Spiera giggled. And then, softening her brows very slightly, she told Erta as if to advise her.

[Be careful of your emotions. The predators and the fallen angels were all once those that emitted bright light. Their corruption all stemmed from their emotions. Especially love, it’s dangerous. It’s sudden, strong, and undeniably charming.] (Spiera)

[……I will keep that in mind.] (Erta)

Erta grumbled. Then, she followed Spiera’s back, one that proceeded without a shred of hesitation.

When Yu IlHan woke up, the sun was nigh. He checked to see if he had slept for more than 24 hours, but he had only slept for 5. Even though he hadn’t slept for nearly a month, his mental fatigue, not to mention physical one, had all been cured!

“This is making me crazy. I can’t even sleep now.”

[That’s because your recovery is powerful. It’s not a bad thing.] (Lita)

Lita, still lying down while hugging Yu IlHan’s arm, replied with a smile. Yu IlHan finally realized that Lita was stuck against him, and was surprised, but with the reason that ‘he didn’t want to show ripples to his big sister-like existence’, he shook her off as if nothing had happened.

“I’m hungry so let’s eat.”

[You can do other things too, though.] (Lita)

It would be good if she assaulted him without saying anything, but if Lita had that kind of courage, Yu IlHan wouldn’t have been able to protect his virginity for a thousand years.

However, the moment Lita got up while sighing, Erta appeared in mid air. Lita shrunk back due to her sudden appearance, but Erta called her with a helpless voice.

[Lita.]( Erta)

[I didn’t do anything.!] (Lita)

[You should have.] (Erta)

[Huh?] (Lita)

While Yu IlHan was tilting his head in confusion due to the conversation between the two angels, Erta declared with a sigh.

[The Wall of Chaos is opening. You are called for the battle between us and the predators this time. Rejoice, you will advance without a test. You will receive a new name I guess.] (Erta)

[What about you?] (Lita)

[I need to protect Yu IlHan’s sides.] (Erta)

Lita’s eyes glistened with frightening light. Erta shivered after seeing Lita’s expression, which was that of murder.

[I, it’s the higher ups’ decision. I was against it.] (Erta)

[I know. So I will go kill them.] (Lita)

[Hold it. It won’t end with a joke!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan didn’t know exactly how the situation was playing out here, but he did understand that Lita would have to leave his side once more. Well, since Yu IlHan could now use mana, there should be no need to be close to the two angels any more but…… he made a bitter smile.

“Will I not be able to see you for a long time?”

[No, that kind of battle, I will finish it off quick and come back.] (Lita)

Lita completely erased her murderous intent before hugging Yu IlHan’s head and declaring confidently. Yu IlHan also lightly patted her back.

“Yes. I will be waiting for you so come back quickly.”

[Yeah.] (Lita)

Lita seemed to take a step back after the hug before kissing Yu IlHan’s cheek lightly. Then, she looked towards Erta.

[If you make any progress while I’m not here… you get it, right?] (Lita)

[You’re scaring me. Really, you’re scary!] (Erta)

After lightly threatening Erta, Lita disappeared after a sigh. Only after she had disappeared did Erta sigh in relief and approached Yu Ilhan.

The thousand year virgin Yu IlHan, who would never realized that Lita and Erta had affections for him, and one that people had for the opposite sex, tilted his head and asked Erta.

“What progress? Are you dating someone on the ground or something?”

[It’s just some code between us angels so don’t mind it. Rather than that, here are your rewards.] (Erta)

How could he predict that this was something romantic but not understand that it was about himself? Even while retorting, Erta sighed.

Meanwhile, after seeing Erta blatantly changing topics, Yu IlHan decided to see through those secret codes later, and extended his hand.

The moment Erta softly touched his hand, green text appeared in Yu IlHan’s vision.

[Heaven’s Quest 005, Dungeon Wave, Complete!]

[All status have increased by 7. 10 magic increases additionally.]

[You have acquired the skill, Higher Curse Resistance.]

“This is…”

The rewards weren’t simple. Not to mention the absurd amount of status points, higher curse resistance? He felt unsettled since he felt like he could ‘safely’ ‘suffer’ in the future.

[This isn’t the end.] (Erta)

“There are more?”

As Yu IlHan had already enhanced the capabilities of his Cross Bag as a part of the reward, he was suspicious as to why they were being so generous. This was something he could think of since he himself did not know how amazing of a feat he had accomplished.

[It’s this.] (Erta)

Erta opened up her hand. On top of it was a small hourglass, and the sand inside it was solidified and didn’t move. Yu IlHan replied with a soft smile.

“You picking a fight?”

[Check the information.] (Erta)

With a sigh, he grabbed the hourglass. At that moment, the following message appeared in Yu IlHan’s eyes.

[Hourglass of Eternity.]

[Rank – God]

[Options – Once a month, the user can deploy a barrier on the surrounding space and freeze time. Time will not flow outside even if it does on the inside. It can be used for a maximum of 2 months in the wielder’s standard. Those not permitted by the owner cannot enter the barrier.]

[User restrictions – Permanently owned by Yu IlHan.]

[Durability – Infinite.]

This was the appearance of the artifact that would make him the true loner.



Chapter 77

Yu IlHan’s eyes turned fierce.

“Are you trying to make me suffer even more?”

[It’s a really good artifact! It’s too exceptional of a treasure to be given to you! It’s one of the best artifacts in Heaven!](Erta)

Yu IlHan took a detailed look at the God-ranked artifact on his palm. He thought about what he could do with this artifact that can freeze time and put up a barrier.

“Wait, does the barrier reject everyone i don’t want out if I put it up when I’m about to die?”

[Now you know how amazing this is?] (Erta)

It really was incredible. Although there was a usage restriction of ‘once a month’, didn’t he just acquire another means of saving his life?

He had felt death right in front of his nose several times even when fighting with the Orochi this time. With regards to his ‘curse’, it was given that he would have to suffer a lot more in the future, but now that he had acquired a last resort for extending his life, he became a little more settled.

And secondly,

“I think you gave me this to do labor…”

Since not even the angels knew what would happen on Earth, this was as if they were telling him to grind out weapons from his workshop for two months, by himself, that is. Erta obediently nodded her head.

[Correct, Yu IlHan. You don’t have a lot of spare time.] (Erta)

“Just because of who was it again? Huh?”

Gritting his teeth, Yu IlHan put the hourglass in his chest pocket. It did made him hurt when he realised he would become a loner for 2 months every time he used it, but thinking on it, since he was a loner anyway, it didn’t really matter.

“Erta, I will allow you to enter the barrier no matter what happens.”

[Wh, what are you saying?] (Erta)

Yu IlHan only thought that he could not be stuck in a barrier alone for two whole months, but Erta felt her heart pounding.

Of course, he couldn’t care less about whether Erta’s heart pounded or not, so he immediately grabbed her and headed to the workshop. Then, he activated the power of the hourglass as soon as he arrived.

The barrier was wider than he thought, covering the entire workshop. Considering how he was using the entire basement 5th floor of the building that Vanguard was on, it was very large.

[It’s also the first time that I am entering this barrier. Amazing. I can feel that time has been frozen.] (Erta)

Erta was looking around her with wide eyes, but in fact, Yu IlHan wasn’t that unfamiliar with this space. Why? It was similar to when time on Earth was stopped entirely.

“Erta, come here.”

[Yes… Yes!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan’s voice calling Erta sounded strangely kind for some reason.

Even though nothing had changed, it seemed that only Erta was strange for feeling a special feeling since they were alone in frozen time.

No, that wasn’t it! Everything occurring in this space didn’t amount to anything on the outside, and would only be shared between Yu IlHan and Erta. Erta thought that this was a very romantic thing.

She became scared for a moment imagining Lita’s growling face, but the next moment, she remembered Lita’s words – ‘it’s not crime if you don’t get found out’, and calmed down again.

Yes, it’s not crime if you don’t get found out! If Yu IlHan shuts his mouth, then even Lita wouldn’t be able to find out! Erta became calm instantly and looked towards Yu IlHan.

When she did, she could find herself facing ragged armor, spear, and robe. Her expression also became ragged.

[I knew this would happen.] (Erta)

“Right? They’re worse than I thought. They somehow pulled through during the battle, but now… they’re scraps.”

The robe was unique-ranked, while the armor and the spear were both legend-ranked. But they ended up in such a bad state so how can he not be sad? Seeing the depressed Erta, Yu IlHan thought that she was not much different.

“I need to restore them. Wouldn’t it be possible if I use the Orochi’s skin and bones?”

[*Sigh*] (Erta)

Erta set herself straight. She scolded herself for expecting romance from someone she shouldn’t expect anything from, and chose to face the ice-cold reality.

[Yu IlHan, what level is your mana crafting at?] (Erta)

“32, why?”

[Then it should be possible. I will teach you a technique that you will use a lot from now on.] (Erta)

Hearing about a new technique, Yu IlHan’s eyes shined brightly. However, Erta’s feelings while looking at that was as cold as a blizzard.

[Mana crafting is a technique to awaken the potential of an object that did not have any ability. Then, wouldn’t it be possible to do the reverse?] (Erta)

“Reverse?”

[Compressing an already activated ability and extracting it.](Erta)

Yu IlHan momentarily did not understand what she was saying, but he fell into thought while thinking about what it was meant by doing the opposite to the things he were doing until now.

This technique wasn’t something that was usable by directly injecting information into Yu Ilhan, so Erta also just kept watch. Of course, it was also because she herself couldn’t use the technique she was trying to teach Yu IlHan – extraction.

Yu IlHan had long since caught up with Erta’s mana crafting skill level.

“I vaguely get it. So you’re saying to take away the ability bestowed onto the artifacts.”

[You will need magic stones.] (Erta)

It was too dangerous to experiment with a legend-ranked equipment from the beginning, so Yu IlHan selected some unique ranked weapons and 2nd class magic stones to experiment on.

[There are two months left so don’t be hasty and take it slow.](Erta)

As soon as Erta finished talking, a brilliant light appeared.

A transparent liquid-like substance flowed out from the axe Yu IlHan was holding, before it climbed up his arm, through his shoulders, and towards the magic stone he held in his other hand. After that, brilliant light appeared once again.

Erta checked while thinking ‘no way’.

[You failed, right?] (Erta)

“I succeeded.”

At the same time as Yu IlHan replied, the axe that had its ability absorbed became metal powder and crumbled, but Yu IlHan couldn’t care less.

He looked at the 2nd class magic stone in his hand. Green text slowly appeared on his retina.

[2nd class magic stone with the power of ‘Destructive’ ‘Tyrant’ dwelling in it.]

[A magic stone possessing 2 options. When mana crafting with this as the material, it is possible to apply 2 options onto the target. The options may devolve, or evolve, according to the ability of the crafter and the level of the magic stone.]

[Alpha option ‘Destructive’ : Increases the attack power of the weapon.]

[Beta option ‘Tyrant’ : Increases critical hit damage.]

“Ooh, I was wondering if it was the same as when Earth stopped in time but it isn’t, eh? Akashic Record is still aware of this place.”

[God ranked artifact doesn’t necessarily mean God’s powers. Rather than that, be honest with me. You were actually a dragon, weren’t you?](Erta)

Having a high skill level didn’t correspond to high technical ability. Although there was the Akashic Record’s help, the one using the technique, in the end, is the entity.

However, having succeeded in a new technique, and perfectly too? Erta couldn’t accept it.

However, Yu IlHan had his own reasons.

“No, but this is similar to the things done by enchanters in novels, isn’t it? So the image making was quite simple.”

[In fact, people who do mana crafting as their profession are called enchanters. It isn’t like all blacksmiths are capable-of-anything like you.](Erta)

“And now, I can use mana.”

[Ah.](Erta)

Erta shut her mouth.

That was true. She had forgotten since the equipment that Yu IlHan had made until now were unbelievably OP, but until now, he had made numerous equipment and did mana crafting without the ability to wield mana!

So now, that he could wield mana, succeeding in extracting in one go wasn’t too strange.

Not only that, his blacksmithing and mana crafting would bring out results incomparable to before. Since mana was the absolute energy that affected all things!

[Quickly acquire 3rd class, Yu IlHan. And you have to acquire blacksmith as a subclass! Got it?](Erta)

“Okay, I get it so don’t give me that frightening look.”

If possible, Erta even wanted to leave Yu IlHan’s equipment creation to until 3rd class, but no matter how high his level had become, it was still a long way to lv 100.

Yes, let’s make him look at his equipment again after acquiring the blacksmith class. Looking forward to that day, Erta decided to honestly admire his pure smithing techniques.

“Should I go in order?”

There were two important elements in extraction – The target equipment of extraction and the magic stone to imbue it into. The robe, the armor, and the weapon’s specs were all specialized to Yu IlHan’s strengths, so if possible, Yu IlHan wanted to extract them using the best magic stones possible.

It wouldn’t end with just extraction. He had to make the new equipment with the finest materials he had in order for those options to be applied in full. He did not want to make a mistake.

To do that, what came first?

Yes.

Dismantling.

[Are you insane? You’re saying that you will dismantle all these monsters!?](Erta)

“Erta, our ancestors once said this. That everything can be worked out by pure labor.”

[I don’t like those ancestors!](Erta)

Now that his plan had been set, there was no more time to lose! Yu IlHan took out a knife for dismantling and opened the entrance of the Cross Bag. He started dismantling while taking out corpses in quantities that he could handle!

“Eternal Flame, you are now in charge of taking care of the byproducts!”

Flicker! It felt as if the Eternal Flame had nodded in response.

In fact, it didn’t matter even if it didn’t. He’d just stuff it full anyway! Not satisfied with using just one hand, Yu IlHan took out another knife on his other and danced like a madman.

What was interesting was that every time his knife was swung, the monsters that popped out from the Cross Bag were all stripped of their skin, and were being dissected into parts.

Bones, skin, muscles, tendons, and excluding a little of the monster’s meat, blood, and magic stone, all the extra waste were all goaled-in into the furnace with a light movement of Yu IlHan’s feet.

The Eternal Flame swallowed all of it before burning it into nothing. Meanwhile, Yu IlHan would dismantle another one, and throw its meat and waste into the furnace. Such a process was being repeated again and again without the tiniest bit of a mistake.

[I wonder if he might catch the attention of the God of Dismantling at this rate.](Erta)

Erta worried. Yu IlHan, who had half-heard her, shouted while swinging his knives with a uselessly cool smile.

“I will even dismantle God if it’s dead!”

[Don’t act cool, it isn’t cool!](Erta)

2 weeks passed from then. Yu IlHan, who had only taken the minimum amount of rest, finally stopped moving his knives.

“I finished.”

[Really!? There were over 100,000 2nd class monsters though!](Erta)

“I only needed to dismantle a little over 7000 a day then.”

[Okay, you’re the Dismantle King.](Erta)

Having earned a new nickname, Yu IlHan shrugged his shoulders.

“In fact, there’s one left, but these won’t do for that one.”

Erta knew very well which one that was – it was referring to the sole 4th class mutant that Yu IlHan had hunted this time in the Japan incident, Yamata no Orochi!

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan flicked the now-ragged dismantling knives to the Eternal Flame, and took out a pair of butcher blades lying in his Cross Bag.

[Don’t tell me you’re trying to dismantle that here too?](Erta)

“Why not? It’s no problem if I take it out slowly.”

To Yu IlHan, who had already mastered remote collection of the Cross Bag, something like that was not even difficult.

Seeing him using a function that the angels had applied without much thought to such degree, Erta thought that she herself and the angels had committed a huge mistake, but the boat had already set sail. 

“Then here I go.”

Yu IlHan clanged the butcher blades in mid air a few times, before calling out the corpse of the Orochi from the Cross Bag little by little with a deep breath.

“Huaaa!”

Then, he jumped around like a madman while dismantling the Orochi’s body!

[I should have shown this to Lita.](Erta)

Even while Erta was flabbergasted at that sight, the body of the Orochi was slowly, but surely coming out from the Cross Bag.

As the Orochi had a sturdy body, excluding the parts that were shredded by the pile bunker and the final spear throw, the body was almost fully intact. such a body was now being flayed into skin, meat, bones and blood.

Yes. Even while dismantling, Yu IlHan was extracting the blood in a special container!

[Can I upload this on Youtube?](Erta)

“Don’t talk to me!”

In a blink of an eye, a tenth of the tens of meters large Orochi was dismantled.

Having seen through where to slice to be more efficient, Yu IlHan sped up. Quicker, and more perfectly!

“Damn, can’t see a magic stone.”

[Considering what kind of chaos a 4th class magic stone would bring to the current Earth, it’s instead fortunate that there isn’t one!](Erta)

Thinking that Erta was worrying unnecessarily, since it would be used in Yu IlHan’s own weapon anyway, Yu IlHan sped up even more.

Even though the corpse of the Orochi was, in the end, just skin and bones, every time the butcher blades came into contact, sparks flew everywhere.

Was it because it came to be after swallowing three Traps of Destruction? Even though he was bringing out the best capabilities of the dismantling techniques he had learnt, separating flaying the skin and the bones was teeth-grittingly hard. He wouldn’t even be able to try if not for the superhuman strength skill.

“You can eat that!”

Even while dismantling with all his effort, he threw the parts that were destroyed by his attack and became unusable, to the Eternal Flame.

Perhaps due to the meat being of a tremendously higher class to the ones it had ate before, the Eternal Flame ate up all of the Orochi’s byproducts in joy. Then, it shined brightly before changing into a golden-colored flame.

[Aaah, it grew again, again!](Erta)

“Don’t be so angry.”

The dismantling speed kept speeding up. Starting with the seven heads, through to the body all the way until the tails!

Then, Yu IlHan ended all his actions after some time. In front of his eyes was the giant sword that was made from the fusion of all of the Orochi’s tails.

The dismantling of the Orochi had ended, and now, there was only the un-dismantlable part left.

[Heavenly Cloud Gathering Sword (天叢雲剣)]

[Rank – Legend]

[Attack power – 4,444]

[Options – 40% increase in attack power when confronting dragonkin, able to activate ‘Purple Flame’ by imbuing mana.]

[Durability – 5,000/5,000]

[A weapon that was created after the energy of a mutant 4th class monster that was born absorbing the records of the Japanese mythological monstrous beast, Yamata no Orochi, was refined. It is extremely hard and sharp, and shows maximum power when fighting against dragonkin.]

“Hm.”

Thinking back to it, there was a notification of acquiring a legend-rank artifact when he killed it.

He just passed it up at that time since he was in a mess, but it seemed like the notification appeared because its entire body had entered the Cross Bag while a part of its body became an artifact.

Checking the abilities of the artifact, Heavenly Cloud Gathering Sword, Yu IlHan nodded. Then, he spoke.

“It’s a little weak considering it came from a 4th class boss, right? It’s not even that sharp too. What’s the worst is that I would need to be a 5m tall giant if I want to use this weapon.”

[Yu IlHan, your next line is ‘So I will create a new spear from this!’](Erta)

“So I will create a new spea… Huh?”

Yu IlHan became shocked, and Erta spoke while sighing.

[Make it, Yu IlHan. Just why don’t you create epic-ranked ones too. Just…](Erta)

The hope of humanity, Yu IlHan, nodded his head and picked up his hammer.

Since he finished dismantling, what was left was to extract the options and create the equipments. He had neither reason nor room to hesitate.



Chapter 78

Before making new equipment for himself, Yu IlHan focused on perfectly extracting the options from his old equipment.

The robe that was ripped apart into pieces of cloth, half molten armor that should be called ‘lump of metal’ rather than armor, and the spear that finished off the Orochi along with itself due to the several thousand tons of weight applied.

If the Orochi had dropped a 4th class magic stone, then he would have extracted the options onto it, but unluckily, or perhaps, because the energy that was supposed to become the magic stone was fully concentrated into the Heavenly Cloud Gathering Sword, the Orochi did not spit out a magic stone, so he used 3rd class ones for all the options.

As there weren’t that many 3rd classes in the battle, the number of 3rd class magic stones he had acquired was four, and Yu IlHan invested three of them to extract the options. Extracting the options were not wasteful at all, rather, he found it wasteful to give them up and try new ones.

[The skill, Mana Crafting, has become Lv 33.]

[You have acquired a 3rd class magic stone with the power of ‘Frighteningly’ ‘Hard’ ‘Shadow Leopard’.]

[You have acquired a 3rd class magic stone with the power of ‘Secretive’ ‘Reaper’.]

[You have acquired a 3rd class magic stone with the power of ‘Dark’ ‘Deathgod’s’ ‘Dragon-exterminating’.]

[You can’t let your guard down just because you’ve done the extraction perfectly. If you don’t do mana crafting while activating the maximum power of the magic stone, then the options may devolve in quality or may even disappear.](Erta)

“Thank you, Ertawagon.”

However, her worries were unnecessary; never did Yu IlHan slack in doing anything.

Of course, excluding team projects where he never had his turn since no one in his team found him!

Yu IlHan had a look at the robe first. He was confident in processing leather or cloth, but as he could only bring out the best of his abilities while handling metal, his expectations of completeness of the robe was the lowest.

After finding the most intact, sturdy, and tenacious part of the Orochi’s skin, he started processing it in detail. In his head, he was wondering about how to make it into a legend rank artifact, so he muttered these words unintentionally.

“It will be good if I’m able to enhance the equipment by using loads of magic stones.”

[That’s impossible. Although it will definitely differ according to the abilities of the crafter, equipments have an innate limit to the quantity of mana they can have.](Erta)

Yu IlHan also knew that much.

If it was possible to enhance equipments simply by pouring mana into them, then other worlds had to be overflowing with legend or higher ranked equipments. There also shouldn’t have been cases like his, where a person created a legend-ranked artifact through only mana crafting, but without the ability to wield mana freely.

As such, there exists a limit in every artifact. Mana crafting should be viewed as a process to refine an amount of mana within the limitations of the item itself.

This is also why both the abilities of the mana crafter and the item creator were important. If the item was a mess, then it was difficult for options to appear, and no matter how great of an item, if the mana crafting process was a mess, then the true power could not be brought out in full.

Alas, even if everything was perfect, it was impossible for too many options to be imbued into a single equipment, nor was it possible for too large an amount of power to dwell in it. That’s why equipments with 3 options have overwhelming value……

“Huh.”

Yu IlHan momentarily stopped speaking. It wasn’t that he had committed a mistake while working. It was just that something flashed in his head. And what’s more, a brilliant flash that would make him stronger!

[What is it, Yu IlHan? Did you think up of something weird again?](Erta)

“Hm. Hmmm.”

Seeing Yu IlHan in thought, Erta thought that her judgement was correct. She didn’t know just what bulb had swtiched on in his head, but she did think that he might begin producing epic ranked weapons like nothing!

“Hm, so that’s why the Traps of Destructions were, so that’s it. I think I get it a little.”

[Well, please keep it secret from other people.](Erta)

“No, it won’t do for now. I don’t think I can make a great one with just a 2nd class magic stone. Moreover, if I don’t at least put a 4th class for the core…”

Yu IlHan seemed to speak nonsense before he took his phone out and started writing stuff on his memo. He hurriedly wrote with horrible handwriting, afraid as if he would forget it soon, before putting it back in satisfaction.

“Good, that’s the idea done. I think I can manage a simple application at the current moment.”

[How suspicious.](Erta)

“Well, you’ll get to see it.”

The robe was created smoothly. Yu IlHan first scraped off the Orochi’s sharp scales carefully before gathering them all in one place and processing the skin, and he processed them so thinly that it looked like cloth, before putting together a robe large enough to cover his entire body.

There weren’t many places for his abilities to shine, so despite the materials being of the best ones, it ended up as a rare ranked artifact, but the main course was from now.

Yu IlHan turned his head. The scales he had scraped from the Orochi were in that place.

[Yu IlHan, please tell me it isn’t] (Erta)

“It is.”

Yu IlHan picked one of the scales with tongs and put it inside the furnace where the Eternal Flame was burning. Since he knew that the Orochi’s scales, bones, and even some parts of the muscles showed metallic characteristics, he had no hesitation.

The Eternal Flame seemed to have acquired quite a lot of firepower after being strengthened by eating part of the Orochi’s corpse. Erta only looked at it while sighing, but Yu IlHan couldn’t shake off the ‘what if?’ thought from his head.

“What if the Eternal Flame became like that after absorbing a part of the Orochi, which had absorbed 3 pieces worth of high ranked metals from the Traps of Destruction?”

[I’m also predicting that that’s the case. Of course, it’s properties did change by quite a large amount.] (Erta)

That meant that the Orochi meat and blood he had extracted also had a lot of heavy metals! Yu IlHan became depressed since he had been expecting a dragon-meat party.

[Don’t eat it, you can’t resist it even with your extreme poison resistance!] (Erta)

“But I will be able to endure if I only eat little bits of it at a time, right?”

[Aren’t you thinking something weird at the moment?] (Erta)

Since he felt like he would get scolded if he said it now, Yu IlHan shut his mouth and processed the scales. He sharpened or hammered the molten scales or fused them with other materials. As always, as he gained experience, his working speed became insanely fast.

His work didn’t end easily. He sharpened and fused countless scales until they became palm sized. he sharpened them and processed them for an entire day. He did that until they numbered 300.

[I think I get what you’re doing.] (Erta)

It was obvious what he was trying to do. What did the Orochi do when he first approached it? Didn’t it make the scales stand erect and shoot them out?

Yu IlHan was trying to imitate its technique through equipment. Since he had experienced the attack himself, he wouldn’t fail with the mana crafting process.

However, Yu IlHan denied her words.

“No, Erta. That much is too weak.”

Saying that, Yu IlHan took out 300 2nd class magic stones from his Cross Bag. Since the number of monsters he had killed numbered 100,000, he still had more than 20,000 magic stones.

Japan was almost doomed due to the dungeon wave, but Yu IlHan had acquired an absurd amount of money, enough to revive a country.

[Are you saying you will use all of that? That’s impossible! Didn’t I just say so a moment ago? There is a clear limit to the mana an armament can receive!] (Erta)

“Yes. One for each equipment. At most 3 or 4. This is the limit.”

Yu IlHan’s lips were making a smile. Despite the fact that he was doing the same thing for 24 hours straight, his confident smile was without a hint of fatigue.

[If you know then…… Hm?] (Erta)

At that moment, Erta also seemed to have realized.

Insane as ever – being able to think of that, Erta asked.

[Yu IlHan, are these scales all……] (Erta)

“They’re all rare ranked or above.”

Yu IlHan answered as if he had waited for it.

This meant that, he had, through 24 hours of work, had created 300 rare ranked daggers.

“Of course, the weapon has a limit, so there is a limit to their uses, and I do wonder if the people will be able to use them properly even if I gave it to them.”

Assassins would like it. The finished daggers were both extremely light and extremely sharp. If anyone knew that he had only used 5 minutes to finish each of these, then they would all be shocked.

However, Yu IlHan didn’t create these to use them as daggers. He had made them as a part of the robe.

“Let’s start then.”

Yu IlHan grabbed a bunch of daggers on one hand, and a bunch of magic stones on the other, before starting mana crafting. He focused in order for the mana to be equally distributed among the daggers he had. He wouldn’t have been able to try such an insane method when he couldn’t wield mana, but now, it was different.

The flow of mana from the magic stones flowed almost too easily according to his control and were split apart into streams before being absorbed into the daggers, and under the same imagery from Yu IlHan, implemented the same ability in all of them.

Yu IlHan finished all that work in a short time. The 300 daggers were still of rare rank, but their abilities were all the same.

[Flash Orochi Dagger]

[Rank – Rare]

[Attack Power – 2,500]

[Options – Will be ejected at high speeds if a shock is received. At that time, attack power increases by 30%, and after the power is depleted, it returns back to its original position.]

[Durability – 2,200/2,200]

When Yu IlHan smacked the handle of the dagger as a test, the dagger shot out like a bullet and seemed to embed itself deep into the wall, before returning to its original position below Yu IlHan’s hand.

Perfect. This was a splendid weapon in itself. Of course, Yu IlHan had no intentions in stopping here though.

“Right, then.”

It was time to fuse the robe and the daggers. To compare, it was like multiple single items combining into a set. It was like how coke and french fries were bland on their own, but great together.

[That looks heavy.] (Erta)

“Hey, I swung around weapons weighing tens of tons, this is nothing.”

Yu IlHan equipped the 300 daggers he had made onto the robe in order. As they were originally attached together as skin and scales, just putting in a slight amount of mana made them stick to each other.

When 300 of them were stuck close together, the robe looked quite frightening, but it wasn’t too easily told apart – the daggers were too thin.

Confirming that the daggers were attached, Yu IlHan nodded in satisfaction before starting mana crafting. His first objective was to bring out the power of ‘secretive’ ‘reaper’ in the magic stone, and his second and compulsory objective was to……

‘It’s fortunate that I can now wield mana. Although I can’t acquire a skill right away, if I increase the number of equipments that work with mana, then I can become a lot stronger than others.’

You are already overwhelmingly strong as you are now! – or so Erta would say if she knew what he was thinking; the mana crafting began.

The overwhelming energy of a 3rd class magic stone, and the two options dwelling inside it were pulled out entirely and were led to the black leather robe under Yu IlHan’s lead. Not long after, a brilliant light appeared foretelling the results.

[Secretive Reaper’s Roaring Dark Python Robe was completed.]

[Secretive Reaper’s Roaring Dark Python Robe]

[Rank – Legend]

[Defense – 3,500]

[Options-

25% increase in concealing abilities

25% in attack power when attacking in surprise

Generates a strong shock wave using mana]

Yu IlHan gripped his fists. Although he was sure that he would succeed, it was different seeing it for real. However, Erta turned pale after checking the finished equipment’s stats and shouted.

[Don’t you dare test that thing here!] (Erta)

“It will be quite a spectacle though.”

[And, your workshop along with this building will collapse!] (Erta)

the additional option on the robe was quite simple. Consuming mana to generate a shock wave in all directions. He did the mana crafting while thinking about the Orochi’s absurd strength, but it seemed like it had worked out as he had expected.

That in itself was a plenty good of an option, but the problem(?) was the neatly attached daggers on the surface of the robe.

The daggers had options that would eject when receiving shock, so the moment Yu IlHan creates a shock wave using mana, they would eject in all directions.

“In fact, there is a combo here.”

When Yu IlHan pulled his sleeves up, there was the Quick LIghtning Storm’s Gold Leather Bracelet. This was a splendid accessory that increased his mana recovery speed by 20%, and generated a lightning storm when under attack once a day!

The problem was that this did not come to light in the anti-Orochi fight.

[The attack power was too weak. I think it did activate during the battle, but I can’t remember when.] (Erta)

“Yes. However, it will be a different story if it’s with the robe’s power.”

If he timed the lightning storm well after creating the shock wave; if only the lightning storm would envelop the daggers at the same time they were ejected!

[Your imagination is frightening as ever!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan had now created a once-a-day defensive finisher attack. He wanted to test if it went the way he wanted it to, but as the barrier would dissipate once he exited it, he could only give up for now.

Having acquired a good result from the robe he had made, Yu IlHan’s hammering also gained power.

What he made next was the armor, and since he had an overflowing amount of leather and bones, he was planning to make an inner armor and an outer armor.

He first processed the Orochi’s skin wholeheartedly to make a simple inner armor, and he transferred the options in the 3rd magic stone with the power of ‘Shiveringly’ ‘Hard’ ‘Shadow Leopard’s’.

[What?] (Erta)

[Strong Shadow Dragon’s Dark Python Leather Armor was completed.]

[Rank – Unique]

[Defense – 4,200]

[Options –

35% increase in defensive power.

30% increase in critical hit rate and critical attack power when attacking in surprise]

[Durability – 3,200/3,200]

“Huh?”

A unique ranked armor was made.

Of course, it was already very good, but Yu IlHan was slightly disappointed.

Among the 3 options, the option to enhance the other two had completely disappeared, and the other 2 options had changed. Although it was just leather armor, it was made from the skin of the Orochi!

The original armor had the option to increase attack power by 50% when doing a surprise attack. Although he did gain a critical hit rate increase which he didn’t have before, he somehow felt like he had made a loss.

[Perhaps this is better. You have the critical hit skill, as well as a lot of titles and artifacts that go well with it. How about you make other equipments to increase critical hit rate in the future?]

“*Groan*.”

Critical hits were definitely strong. If it happened, it could stun the enemy for a moment, and the damage also explosively increases as well.

the reason he could cut the Orochi’s head and the tail was also because they were critical hits.

However, unless he could bring out critical hits 100% of the time, Yu IlHan had no plans on relying on it. This was the reason he wasn’t happy.

Anyway, armor crafting hadn’t ended yet. Since his surprise attack power was lowered, he resolved to make one with good options and heated up the Orochi’s bones with the Eternal Flame.

However, he wasn’t making armor with those bones, but sharp blades.

[You’re doing the same thing like the robe again?]

“No, this is a process to complete one of my dreams!”

Yu IlHan reminisced about the time during the initial stages of the Great Cataclysm, when he had just learned mana crafting, and had made the defensive equipment with the mantis scythe. At that time, he was proud of himself, but thinking back now, that was trash!

“Moreover, despite my mana crafting ability increasing since that time, I instead had to focus on the defensive power and the surprise attack power, so I put aside my dreams for a little. However, not anymore. I will fuse my ideals and reality into one!”

[You sound reasonable, but you’re planning to make armor with protruding blades again, aren’t you!]

“Yup. It’s my preference so please respect it.”

Although Yu IlHan had relied on the pile bunker, spear and other weapons until now, that didn’t mean that the Vale Tudo he had learned from Lita in the numerous years had disappeared nor had it regressed.

As such, he had not left out close combat when training alone until now. It was the final and the most fatal trump card he had against enemies who closed in on him after deflecting his spear!

Yu IlHan was now making the method to enhance that weapon.

“There definitely will come a time when I use this. The probability probably just went up now that I said it. 96%. Oh, 98% now.”

[Shaddap. I should’ve realized when you imbued the option magic stone into the leather armor.]

Even while sighing deeply, Erta had no choice but to watch Yu IlHan’s work progress. The scene in her head was one where Yu IlHan was courageously fighting against the Orochi.

‘May an armor befitting of the hero who challenges the impossible, be born’ – Muttering that in her heart, she ended up smiling slightly.



Chapter 79

Yu IlHan sharpened several of the Orochi’s bones into blades, and like the scales on the robe, they were completed as rare ranked artifacts.

In the process of mana crafting every one of those using 2nd class magic stones, which he had a lot of, some of the blades turned out to be unique ranked artifacts as well.

[It wasn’t that there wasn’t a crafter who tried this……]

Would no other people have thought of the idea Yu IlHan was doing? Tying two artifacts into one occurred a lot of times in other worlds until now. There were quite a few successful examples as well, and sometimes, there were absurd artifacts born from it.

However, what Yu IlHan was doing now was different in quality. He was not tying two artifacts into one, but was making independent artifacts that would fit in a set as part of a whole artifact with his absurd metalworking ability.

Combining two “half” artifacts into a complete whole, and combining numerous ones into a single artifact can only be different.

[It’s a problems since those parts are either scales or blades.]

Those damned dreams! There should have been another method of making them, and it did look like Yu IlHan would know other ways as well, but he was only making the items he wanted.

Perhaps he believed that it was too difficult for him as of now, or so Erta decided to believe.

“Blade finished~.”

Since he had made the parts, Yu IlHan now went into making the armor. In the process of making the Orochi bone blades, he had seen through the fact that the bones also had metallic properties like the scales. So, he had melted the rest of the bones with the Eternal Flame, and made them into a blackish purple metallic ingot.

What was left was to melt it and process it into armor.

From the helmet to the sabatons, Yu IlHan made each individual part that made up the set of full plate armor, and gathered hundreds of big and small blades in one place before taking out a 3rd class magic stone.

‘Defense, attack, I want to bring out all of them. No, I need to.’

Inside Yu IlHan’s head was his own figure wearing the completed armor.

His armor wasn’t one where it would be easily destroyed by the Orochi’s magic bullet, but one that protected him whenever and wherever; not one that simply defends, but one that counterattacks the enemy!

Mana crafting activated, and the mana boiled all at once as if having waited for it, and enveloped the magic stone and the armor.

As his eyes were closed, Yu IlHan only knew that a brilliant light was flashing, but hearing Erta’s deep sigh, he could predict that the mana crafting had succeeded.

[Iron Armored Fire Dragon’s Biting Dark Python Fullplate Armor was completed.]

[Iron Armored Fire Dragon’s Biting Dark Python Fullplate Armor]

[Rank – Legend]

[Defense – 6,500]

[Attack Power – 4,200]

[Options –

40% increase in defense

80% increase in fire attribute resistance, 20% chance of reflecting a part of the attack when receiving an attack of the fire attribute

Can pull out blades from place of need in the armor. When using mana, the blade can be enlarged]

[User Restrictions – Creator, Yu IlHan]

[A masterpiece made by a peak level smith using materials befitting his skills, and bringing out the best of his abilities. Not to mention its hardness, the sharp teeth it harbors has enough power to rip apart the enemy’s breath.]

Yu IlHan opened his eyes. In front of his eyes was the completed full plate armor that was emitting vicious blackish purple death qi, but it was too beautiful.

The hundreds of blades he had made wholeheartedly couldn’t be seen anywhere, but Yu IlHan didn’t doubt the fact that they would appear when they were needed.

He was worried that it may end up as a unique ranked artifact, but the worry was unnecessary. Moreover, since it had all the options he wanted, it made him satisfied.

Amongst those, the fire attribute resistance caught his eyes. He thought back to the pain he received from the Orochi’s magic bullet. With this option, there wouldn’t be any more happenings like that.

Of course, he did get annoyed since the word fire attribute meant that there were resistance in other attributes as well, such as water and lightning.

However, the most amazing thing was the enlarging of the blade that he didn’t really want. Well, it wasn’t that he didn’t want it, but that he had not thought of that.

“From the moment I could wield mana, I can see more of the things that are possible with it.”

[It’s natural for the artifact to be influenced by the creator.]

Erta said as if it was nothing, but she was also surprised.

Enlarging a weapon was quite a frequently-seen magic, but it was magic, nonetheless. Imbuing the power of magic into a mere option wasn’t something so simple as Yu IlHan was thinking.

Although mana crafting was the power to imbue hopes into an item, too big of a hope or absurd hopes wouldn’t come into fruition.

The reason why Erta could imbue the power of miracles into the Cross Bag, despite her mana crafting level being lower than Yu IlHan’s was also because she and the angels knew of high ranked magic.

However, Yu IlHan had succeeded in implementing the power of magic despite having just becoming able to wield mana. Yes, the reason why his created equipments were absurdly hard was not only because of his smithing skills, but probably also because of the numerous experience in him.

That meant that, if Yu IlHan ceaselessly acquired records in this changing world, then perhaps, Earth might just!

However, Erta’s full-of-expectations hope was unnecessarily cut off by the voice that came next.

“Wow, it really is absurdly hard. I’m not sure about the exact abilities, but its hardness definitely surpasses harkanium alright.”

The Eternal Flame that raised its temperature as much as possible, and the Heavenly Cloud Gathering Sword that was enduring like nothing in those flames. Yu IlHan laughed while grabbing the sword that was hard for him to lift even with both of his hands.

“I think the Eternal Flame will be able to melt it, but even if it does melt, it will be a bigger problem for me to mould it into a spear.”

[Well, the ingredients to make Traps of Destruction are more focused on their magical properties than their hardness.]

Saying that, Erta looked at the furnace and saw that the tip of the giant sword was still holding on. Does it even melt?

Even though that Heavenly Cloud Gathering Sword was also made of Orochi’s bones, it was too hard to be said so. Erta thought that Yu IlHan might be occupied with that for the rest of the duration of the barrier, so she suggested.

[How about you just use it as a sword? You are also a master of swordsmanship. You mastered both of the martial arts anyway, is it really necessary for you to shift it into a spear?]

“Of course, it isn’t so bad to prepare a good sword. However, I’m more proficient in the art of the spear. Also, if I cannot process this much on my will, then I’m not qualified to be a smith.”

Yu IlHan was someone that under-evaluated his own abilities at times, but he could differentiate between the things he could do and he could not do. And this sword, despite being difficult, was a challengeable opponent.

Since time, the one he was worried about the most, was solved to an extent, only the battle between him and the Heavenly Cloud Gathering Sword was left.

{Kroaaak!}

At that moment, a roar that tried to split his head apart resounded. Perhaps it was sad that the sword which was once part of its body was destined to be melted down by fire, the thoughts in the power of life he had absorbed with the skill death collector, was causing a mess.

Even though it was only a power of life that belonged to him, the Heavenly Cloud Gathering Sword was showing a slight vibration.

“Oho.”

Seeing that, Yu IlHan’s lips curved upwards.

Although it was impossible now, he thought that this weapon may have other possibilities in the future.

“Wao.”

Having just finished embracing the two months that didn’t even last an instant, Yu IlHan checked his phone and muttered emptily.

“Not even 1 second has passed. Oh, 2, 3.”

[Do you finally get how important of an artifact that Heaven has given you?]

Erta was sounding quite proud, but it was in fact close to an act, since the words said by Spiera, that higher existences should do what higher existences can, and lower existences should do what they can, was still floating in her head.

As she knew the great powers of the Hourglass of Eternity, she could also read the intentions of the angels that gave him this.

‘We also did this much. You can understand us, right?’ – such blatant meanings.

Regardless of whether he knew Erta’s complex feelings or not, Yu IlHan had a look at the Vanguard homepage and nodded in satisfaction.

“I did say I will sell them 2 months later, but the inquiries are exploding.”

[I think your phone will be set on fire soon as well. Even though the Lightning God Clan is trying to hide it, I don’t think they can hide it forever.]

“Although, I do plan to give the opportunity to every clan that participated in the Dungeon Wave fairly.”

No, he needed to. He had put his heart into making standard-tier and higher-tier equipment in the barrier, but he couldn’t leave them as stocks. Erta also thought back to what happened in the barrier and grumbled.

[I really didn’t think that you will be able to use up all those materials.]

“The ancestors once……”

[Stop with the ancestors!]

Seeing that Erta might catch(?) neurosis at any moment, Yu IlHan laughed and stroked her head. 

“Anyway, I’ve almost finished the items I will be selling, so I should pull the time forward a little. And let’s see. I think I also need to meet the Lightning God Clan once, and also…”

Yes, shouldn’t he also pay a visit to the strong friends who were even suffering overseas? Yu IlHan thought back to first lieutenant Han YeoRang and captain Yoon DaeHan he had seen back in Tokyo and laughed.

They seemed to have quite the talent as they possessed powers nearing 2nd class, but the things they had on their bodies could be called ragged if optimistic, and trash if pessimistic.

He didn’t have any bad impression on them, and as he was especially impressed by what Yoon DaeHan said during the initial stages of the Great Cataclysm, he did feel like he would feel quite annoyed if they died because he had contacted them too late. 

“Should I contact them?”

Muttering that, on one of Yu IlHan’s hands was a business card. He had took out Captain Yoon DaeHan’s business card with the remote collection ability that he had become overly used to.

When Han YeoRang was rejoicing about going home after the last monster of Chiba was cleanly finished, Yu IlHan, who could not switch his concealment on and off as he willed it, disguised himself as a normal fighter and approached Captain Yoon DaeHan for his contact info.

Yoon DaeHan and Han YeoRang widened their eyes when they heard that Yu IlHan wanted to trade equipment, when he took out some of the weapons from the Cross Bag, they realized that he was not joking. He knew from before, but they really were quick witted.

After that was Yu IlHan’s pace. The two’s eyes were flipped when they heard him say that he wanted to sell weapons at a cheap price to Suppression.

Of course, they did suspect him since both Susanoo and Yu IlHan used the spear, but it didn’t really matter. Now, Yu IlHan didn’t really have any intentions on hiding himself.

How? Because, since Yu IlHan became able to wield mana, the probability of him being pushed back from the world’s strongest was lessened by quite a large amount!

Additionally, it was also because the LIghtning God Clan, who he acquired quite a good relationship with after the trade, turned out to have a power not lower than any other large clans in the world.

[They should be just arriving at Korea by now.]

“……Oh yeah. So practically, only a day passed since the Dungeon Wave?”

[To be exact, it has been 9 hours and 38 minutes since you killed the last monster that appeared due to the Dungeon Wave.]

Even though he had expected it, he felt quite weird. He himself had created everything he could for two months and even tested them all perfectly, but right now, humanity was just barely able to breathe.

It was a feeling he hadn’t felt for a long time since the Earth dropout period.

[Spiera said you will be able to overcome this absurdity well.]

“I will definitely slap her in the face some time.”

[If possible then go ahead. No, I plead you so please slap that bit….*ehem*, no, please insert some common sense into that brainless muscle angel.]

Picking up useless information that Erta hated an angel called Spiera, and quite a lot at that, he called Yoon DaeHan thinking that he should inform him before they made contact.

With the telephone installed on the 14th floor, the higher ranked weapons store, which was above the 13th floor weapon shop, which was in operation today, since it was Monday.

[We are waiting for your call. Come see us any time.]

Such were the words Yoon DaeHan spoke as soon as he received the call. It seemed like he was constantly on watch, in fear of Yu IlHan’s mind changing.

“Very well.”

Yu IlHan smiled and said.

“Let’s talk business.”

Such was the moment of the 2nd stage of humanity strengthening plan.



Chapter 80

The location was, of course, the 14th floor of Vanguard. Unlike the 13th floor, only those with Yu IlHan’s permission could enter, and this place didn’t have any displays with showcased equipment, looking more like an office.

Yu IlHan would be in charge of trading the higher ranked equipment anyway, and his Cross Bag could hold as many equipments as he wanted, so there was no need for a showcase.

Now, Yu IlHan did not wear a mask. Vanguard was his company, and he also thought that there was no need to hide his face when he was showing himself as the owner of Vanguard.

That’s why he had taken it off, but.

“Hmm.”

Seeing the man and woman sitting on the sofa he had prepared on the 14th floor, opposite to him, Yu IlHan tilted his head.

“Only sir Yoon DaeHan needed to come though.”

“Well, shouldn’t I at least be together with one subordinate to show myself off a little?”

Yoon DaeHan nonchalantly laughed, but seeing the national representative ‘beauty’ first lieutenant Han YeoRang, Yu IlHan couldn’t help but sigh.

“It’s been a while, Mr. Yu IlHan. Although, I only got to know of your name now.”

“It’s been a while.”

First lieutenant Han YeoRang spoke in a slightly stiff tone, but as expected of one that was aiming for quick marriage and end of military service, she had some pretty makeup. Wishing for her to meet someone good quickly, Yu IlHan asked Yoon DaeHan.

“I told you my conditions so you should have a grasp on it, right? How much are they willing to pay?”

“If it’s at the level of those sold on the 13th floor, and the supply is high, then they have intentions on buying at the market price.”

“The market price is over 5 billion though. It’s not the market price, but the Vanguard standard price. The government also has their own predictions on why Vanguard was opened.”

“Yes. I also think it’s a good business. Cutting it short, it’s not that much different from taking them for free.”

There was a limit to selling the items of Vanguard. 2 per person. In the first place. it wasn’t a brand with a lot of stocks, so for arming Suppression, the army would profit even if they were supplied with Yu IlHan’s items at market price.

Yu IlHan called out a longsword out of nowhere. In truth, he had taken it out from the Cross Bag hung in one corner of the office, but the strong friends seeing that could only see it as magic.

“This is the average equipment of those supplied to Suppression. Take a look.”

“Yes.”

So, they are inferior to the ones sold in Vanguard downstairs – muttered Yoon DaeHan in his heart and received the sword. Han YeoRang also seemed curious and extended her hand to touch it.

[Pressure Tiger Bone Bastard]

[Rank – Rare]

[Attack Power – 2,650]

[Options – 40% increase in attack when facing monsters below user’s level]

[Durability – 2,100/2,100]

[Mass produced weapons made by surpassing the limits of the material]

Yoon DaeHan wordlessly smiled. However, Han YeoRang didn’t have that much experience and shouted in surprise.

“Attack power 2,650? Moreover, I’ve never seen options like this! Just who is the smith?

“Industrial secret, miss.”

Yu IlHan placed his index finger on his lips and smiled. Han YeoRang blushed in embarrassment, but Yu IlHan firmly ignored that and continued.

“Of course, there will be variables in the attack power and the options according to the form of the weapon, but you can think that this is the average. It’s around the middle of standard weapons and higher ranked weapons.”

“Th, the price is?”

“That’s up to the government. However, I’d prefer additional services over money. There are a lot of benefits that one wants when conducting business, and I also wish to block some annoying interferences in the future as well.”

This was a splendid business man who blatantly requested bribery.

“I have a lot of money, and can earn as much as I want if i will it. I also don’t think that the currencies used until now will have much value in the future.”

“So cool.”

Yu IlHan ignored Han YeoRang again.

“First, I should get this straight. I don’t want the government to profit from the weapons I sell. I want the weapons to be solely distributed to Suppression. As such, I want a list of members of Suppression, and the equipments they needed to be equipped with. A weapon and an armor each. Simple, right?”

“Of course, we’ve prepared them. You also don’t have to worry about the problems you have spoken of. The higher ups in the Korean military aren’t only composed of thoughtless idiots.”

“That’s quite fortunate.”

Even while Yu IlHan and Yoon DaeHan were speaking business, Han YeoRang’s eyes were fixed on Yu IlHan. Was her eyes twisted? Or are her preferences very extreme? Neither.

It was simply that Yu IlHan’s level was nearing 80, and his very league was heightening by the day, which resulted in his body figure and face nearing a more perfect form without him realizing it.

Honestly, his starting point wasn’t so good, but even so, Yu IlHan was currently at the top of humanity. At least, he was way higher than his own self-evaluation.

‘A good-looking guy full of ability, perfect. He’s the perfect husband-material.’

Han YeoRang decided to seduce Yu IlHan. Although, she did get ditched once in the past, she was only happy that they made connections like this.

However, just as plans were being built in her mind, Yu IlHan lightly clapped and spoke.

“Let’s stop it here. The items will be prepared in 3 days, so let’s settle it with the contract then.”

“I understand. I thank you from the bottom of my heart again.”

“I only pitied you since you were being pushed around everywhere.”

Those words filled with honesty made Yoon DaeHan’s heart ache. Anyway, it wasn’t bad for Suppression to earn Yu IlHan’s pity right now.

Yoon DaeBang clicked his tongue after looking at Han YeoRang staring at Yu IlHan, before he suggested to Yu IlHan, thinking that he should help her out a little.

“Would you like to eat lunch together with us? I know of a good place nearby.”

“That’s really tempting, but I have other activities in my schedule.”

“Is it a woman?”

Han YeoRang’s eyes flashed. Thinking that this idiot should fight monsters all her life, Yoon DaeHan smacked her on the head when Yu IlHan nodded.

“You should already be aware that Vanguard and the Lightning God Clan has some connections. I have planned to meet the clan master of the Lightning God Clan, miss Kang MiRae.”

“Ah.”

Han YeoRang’s face became one of dejection. She knew her own level well. If compared, they had as much difference as a excalibur and a wooden training sword.

[How cruel.]

‘Women are annoying.’

And honestly, she didn’t even enter her eyes. Repeating what was said before, Yu IlHan’s standard of beauty had become absurdly high after spending time with Lita for a thousand years.

Wishing that the despairing Han YeoRang would meet a good man in the future, again, Yu IlHan saw the two of them out. Not even 20 minutes after that, 3 people of both sexes arrived on the 14th floor.

“God dammit. They’re no different.”

“Hello, IlHan! You look so handsome.”

“I appreciate your praise but please use polite speech.”

Sitting there since he could not turn his customers away, Yu IlHan brewed some coffee for them since he had no secretary or the sort. Of course, since his cooking level was growing by the day due to consuming extreme poison, a simple coffee turned out to be extremely delicious as well.

While the others were rejoicing at the effects of their magic and battle skills, Yu IlHan was relaxing himself with his cooking skill!

Kang MiRae took a sip and was shocked at the unexpected goodwill and blinked her eyes several times, before finding calm and asking him.

“So the higher ranked equipment will be sold starting next week?”

“Yes. On a fair subscription basis.”

Replying, Yu IlHan thought for a little before continuing.

“Of course, I’m not planning to sell a tier of weapon outside of your level, since people will go above themselves and try to do the impossible if they acquire artifacts above their ability.”

“Oh yeah, that. MiRae is really doing the impossible nowadays, you… Ouch!”

Leaving aside Na YuNa, who was achieving the record of 1 hit per 3 minutes, Kang HaJin opened his mouth.

“Don’t tell me the crafter you’re in contract with has the ability to pull out artifacts of MiRae’s staff’s level like nothing?”

“If he has the time and material, yes. Although he can’t do it everyday, he probably does more than you, Mr. Kang HaJin, can think of.”

Yu IlHan continued with the words ‘as such’.

“So give me that holy power material or whatever you call it right now. Miss Na YuNa and Mr Kang HaJin should have an artifact of your own.”

“In your eyes, do I have the capability to wield legend ranked artifacts?”

“No, it’s not that, but you do seem to need one in order to follow those two monsters.”

Yu IlHan’s words were too honest. It was to the point that Kang HaJin received a lot of damage, despite having resolved to throw away his inferiority.

But even so, should he be thankful since he was honest…?

Kang HaJin felt weird. It was probably because he had seen the battle in Japan.

To retort, the difference in their levels were too plainly seen. Yu IlHan was more like a teacher who taught him from above him, rather than a competitor.

Now, he didn’t even feel that dejected anymore. Through an unrealistic experience, he had come to accept reality. Although, his sister didn’t seem so yet.

“Actually, we got theeem.”

Na YuNa pulled out 3 small stones from her pocket.

When Yu IlHan tried to receive them, Na YuNa extend her fingers to play a prank, but having read her moves, Yu IlHan turned his hand in the air to receive just the stones.

“Wao!”

“Hmph.”

[The Holy Stone of the Goddess of Beauty, Leytna]

[Rank – Legend]

[A special kind of stone that was kept in the temple of the Goddess of Beauty, Leytna, to harbor holy power. It is used in making artifacts specialized for priests/priestesses and paladins, and is one of the best.]

Yu IlHan looked at Na YuNa and asked where she had retrieved such a precious item with his eyes, and Na YuNa, who realized his intention, said proudly while puffing out her large chest.

“Fufu, I’m kinda being treated as the holy maiden.”

“How do I use this? Does it just need to be embedded on the weapon or the robe?”

“Wouldn’t the crafter know it well?”

“He doesn’t have much relation to temples.”

Na YuNa’s words slightly felt like a loaded question, but since he had expected these kind of questions from the start, Yu IlHan smoothly replied. Na YuNa’s eyes flashed in interest, and Yu IlHan blinked nonchalantly.

Kang HaJin spoke instead.

“You can grind it and apply it. It’s a finishing agent.”

“Is it only through that method? During blacksmithing? Or during mana crafting?”

“You just have to imbue the power within the holy stone into the equipment.”

Yu IlHan acknowledged.

“I’ll request right away. It won’t take long.”

“I’ll thank you with just those words alone. I think we’re about to get busy soon.”

Kang HaJin stood up with a bitter smile.

Kang MiRae also stood up. She had a frightening expression on as if she was hit by someone, and only expressed her inner intentions when they were about to leave.

“It’s about the Tokyo Orochi fight.”

“Yes.”

“I learned a lot. I think it will take a little time before I ask you for partnership. However, I won’t give up.”

Yu IlHan thought that she really had a lot of conviction. He himself had no intentions on getting involved with Kang MiRae more than necessary, but if her growth sped up thanks to him, that was a matter worth rejoicing about so Yu IlHan nodded in a delightful expression.

“I’ll look forward to it.”

“Well, then. We’ll take our leave.”

Give me my worth of it, since I attacked with my magic – or so he thought she would say, but Kang MiRae did not ask for anything.

Was she thinking that she still had debt for the artifact trading? He really thought that she had a uselessly high pride and laughed.

However, even though Kang MiRae and Kang HaJin stood up, Na YuNa was still sitting there. Kang MiRae’s eyes twitched as she try to drag her away, but Na YuNa endured till the end and stayed.

“Nooo, I want to talk a little more!”

“Don’t disturb him.”

“I really have an important matter to say!”

Seeing that Na YuNa had no intentions of letting go of the sofa, Kang MiRae created some lightning on her palms. If this building wasn’t Yu IlHan’s possession, she would have shot already. Despite that, Na YuNa didn’t stand up.

“Nooo, I have something to say with Mr. IlHan.”

“Oppa, make this idiot faint.”

“Got it.”

“Wait.”

Yu IlHan raised his hand.

“I will hear her out first and chase her out later so you two can leave first.”

“We cannot disturb you anymore.”

“It’s alright. I’m gonna throw out the entire sofa along with her from the roof after listening to her so just prepare to receive her at the bottom.”

“Wao!”

Yu IlHan already knew a certain extent, what Na YuNa wanted to say. With Yu IlHan’s permission, Kang HaJin, worriedly, and Kang MiRae, annoyedly, bid farewell.

When they left completely, Na YuNa stood up abruptly and shouted while pointing at Yu Ilhan.

“This and that are all made by you, right!”

“Yes.”

Yu IlHan acknowledged immediately. Na YuNa opened and closed her mouth a few times. It seemed like she didn’t think that he would acknowledge it so easily.

“Araaa.”

“I don’t receive any damage even if I say it.”

“Arara.”

Na YuNa tilted her head and sat back down while pouting.

“Tch, I wanted to make it more advantageous for me.”

“What were you even trying to ask?”

“Dropping the polite speech to each other.”

An unimaginable trade condition. While Yu IlHan was laughing, Na YuNa only smacked on the innocent sofa.

“Why did you hide it then?”

“I think it’s probably the same reason as why miss Na YuNa is hiding her true self.”

“Hmmm. Is that so.”

Na YuNa muttered in acknowledgement and stood up.

“It really is a waste to give you to MiRae.”

“I also have no intentions in giving myself to miss Kang MiRae.”

“Right?”

Na YuNa nodded in satisfaction and brushed her clothes. Since the negotiation was broken before it had even started, it was now time to run away.

However, she seemed disappointed to run away with nothing, and extend her hand abruptly towards Yu IlHan.

“Do you want to be friends? Oh, ones that can develop into something else later.”

“No.”

Yu IlHan replied with a smile. The hesitation-less sharp answer made even the Na YuNa sweat.

“Do you have ED?” (Editor: A certain dysfunction)

“I’m normal.”

“Or you like men?”

“No.”

“Then why?”

“Do I really need to spell it out for you?”

Yu IlHan walked towards the elevator and pressed the button. The elevator that connected the first and 14th floor came up very quickly.

The doors opened, and Na YuNa went in with a disbelieving face. Only at that time did Yu IlHan speak.

“I don’t really like miss Na YuNa so much.”

“Wao!”

Yu IlHan’s honest expression, and not one that was an act to receive her attention, made her touched. She was even a little happy. 

“Then let’s really be friends!”

“No, I’m not saying that I don’t only like your appearance; I hate your personality even more.”

“Waooo!”

Even the social butterfly queen could not win against the loner-ness of the loner king, Yu IlHan.

Such was the first complete defeat of Na YuNa’s life.



Chapter 81

There were some rising hot topics after the big crisis of Japan, after the Dungeon Wave issue was successfully solved.

First were the clans. Due to the appearance of these groups that weren’t part of the armed forces of each country, the various governments clicked their tongues while the media rejoiced.

There were 3 of them that received the most attention, and they were the Lightning God Clan of Korea, Magia of Italy, and Metal Knights of England.

They weren’t necessarily the strongest, but they were surely the ones who had the most successful debut. The ability users of each country wanted to join clans that had shown the most power, and the other clans got frustrated for nothing.

Now that Earth’s future was heading in an unpredictable direction, the most important thing was strength. Everyone thought, that a day will come where the strongest clans would be at the center of the world.

Secondly, was Vanguard. It was already famous enough, and the advertising that it would sell higher ranked weapons only to the clans that helped in Japan, worked well.

Many had said that the reason the standard items were sold at absurdly low prices was a foreshadow to this, and there were also many enraged people who asked why there was such an unfair condition even though they couldn’t go to Japan because they had to protect their country. Of course, Yu IlHan couldn’t care less.

Numerous media agencies reported about Vanguard, and customers for the standard items increased as a result. The items in Yu IlHan’s Cross Bag were being depleted quite quickly.

Amongst them were claims that they could not afford to let Vanguard stay affiliated to Korea. They claimed that it should instead be managed efficiently under big countries like the US or China.

Those were idiotic claims that made people wonder if those people had ice cream in their head instead of their brains, but this actually acquired quite a lot of sympathy from the people. People were afraid of Vanguard, and wanted to control it. Of course, Yu IlHan ignored them

The third was, of course, Susanoo.

“Wow. I really might become a god at this rate.”

[It was absurd power, so they couldn’t deny Susanoo’s divinity in order to protect their own pride.]

Starting from the SNS, to newspapers, to TVs, and other media, it was overflowing with stories about Susanoo.

The ones at the scene who had witnessed Yu IlHan’s actions personally blabbered that Susanoo really had descended to solve the crisis of Japan, while the newspapers and the news reported similar things.

Of course, many also thought that it was a human with exceptional capabilities. That wasn’t particularly a problem,however, the greedy people were. Mostly, it was the promising clans of Japan and a part of the Japanese government.

They nitpicked about how Susanoo wordlessly took the body of Yamata no Orochi, and claimed that the byproducts should have been fairly distributed, while also whined about how Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi from the tail of Yamata no Orochi was theirs, and claimed ownership.

It seemed like they left their common sense and shame in the other worlds before returning to Earth.

There were two types of people that weren’t greedy for the Orochi’s body. One party being the people that were curious about Susanoo’s identity, and the other being ones who wanted possession of Susanoo himself regardless of his identity or Orochi or whatever.

The people connected the Dark Knight of LA, Sungdaein Bolt of Korea, and other incidents shrouded in secrecy until now with Susanoo. At the current moment, the group behind the theory of Susanoo being the Dark Knight of LA was the most powerful faction, and the ‘pride of America’ being the strongest was quite popular nowadays.

Each and every one of the countries wanted to know of Susanoo’s identity, and wanted to claim ownership over him. The clans were no different. It was clear that whoever acquires him will become the strongest.

There was only one problem. Susanoo was the strongest regardless of who or where he belonged to, and clans or countries were only hindrances for him.

“So stop reading.”

[Tch.]

Erta obediently turned off the internet. Yu IlHan stood up from his seat with a sigh, and looked at his reflection on the mirror, and concluded that the fitting was perfect, although his appearance was not as good.

“Good, let’s allow them to enter.”

Yu IlHan put away everything in the office other than the table and chairs for himself and the guests.

The elevator stopped at the 14th floor, and some people rushed out. Amongst those were the clan masters of the Magia Clan, Lightning God Clan, and the Metal Knights Clan.

One week had passed since Yu IlHan had left the barrier of the Hourglass of Eternity. Today was the day that the sale of the higher ranked Vanguard weapons opened .

“Whoa.”

“He really is Korean?”

“A young man too.”

“He must be a deputy. Would the real person show up?”

Most of the people seemed to be thinking similar things. There’s no way the owner is here in person, he should be a deputy. Their puffing imagination seemed like it would blow into an empire at this rate.

Yu IlHan laughed and spoke in English.

“Please come in. I don’t want to have to explain multiple times, so I will only start speaking after all 27 of you have entered.”

“Hmm.”

An overwhelming aura could be felt flowing unconsciously from Yu IlHan, and the clan masters realised that the deputy was not a simple character while they obediently entered. Fortunately, the space was wide so there were enough seats for everyone.

“How are the levels of the equipment and the prices?”

“After everyone’s here.”

Yu IlHan repeated his words with a smile when the clan master of the Phoenix Clan of France asked. The Phoenix Clan master vaguely smiled and swore in French in a small voice.

“How rude. Even though you’re just a deputy, you really are bossy.”

“Well, I’m sorry that I’m rude.”

Hearing that, Yu IlHan replied in French and flicked a pen from the table. The pen flew at an absurd speed and broke one of the legs of the chair that the Phoenix Clan master was sitting on.

“What are you doing!”

He wasn’t a clan master for nothing and stood up before the chair fell down, but the important thing wasn’t that. Yu IlHan spoke with a smile.

“I will not trade with you. Please get lost.”

“How are you qualified to decide that!”

“I’m the owner of this place. Won’t you get lost already?”

“Hm?”

“I said I’m the owner of this place.”

Yu IlHan said it again. Now, in English, and everyone at that place understood the meaning.

The clan master of the Phoenix clan immediately tried to cause a ruckus, but the other clan masters all stood up and dragged him into the elevator. They were quite wise, befitting of their positions as clan masters of famous clans,

“Now that makes 26 in total.”

Yu IlHan just muttered that, and the other people did not say anything more. There was no one in this place who was adventurous to the point that they wanted to know how many languages Yu IlHan could speak whilst putting the fates of their clans on the line.

Some time passed and all the clan masters gathered. Yu IlHan let loose a light sigh and started speaking.

“I’m Yu IlHan, the president of Vanguard.”

“Are you really the president?”

“Why would I lie?”

“Just where do the weapons sold in Vangaurd come from? How can you provide such good weapons rarely seen even in other worlds,and at such a low price?”

“Industrial secret.”

The clan masters seemed to have a lot of things they wanted to know from Yu IlHan, but he only repeated the words ‘industrial secret’. After a while, the clan leader of the Magic Dragon clan of Japan. Takagaki Asuha, asked this.

“Will Vanguard continue to operate only in Korea?”

“Yes.”

“Without being any affiliations?”

“Yes.”

“That’s very dangerous. Don’t you think that the clans who couldn’t buy weapons would come with hostile intentions?”

“Vanguard is protected by a special magic, so you need not worry.”

She seemed to hesitate a little before speaking while pointing at Yu IlHan.

“However, your face is now exposed. Don’t you worry for your own safety?”

“It’s alright. I wouldn’t have started this without the confidence to protect my neck.”

Yu IlHan’s words made her sigh. Then, she smiled and spoke.

“If your will is as such, then it can’t be helped. If you feel any danger, then please come to the Magic Dragon Clan any time. We from the Magic Dragon Clan will give you our full support and protection.”

“Lightning God Clan has the same intentions.”

“We’re of the same opinion but, it’s unfortunate, if you had agreed to give us a branch store in Germany, then we would have been able to lend your our power.”

When one declared such, the rest all became awkward not to say it. Even Michael Smithson, clan master of Metal Knights also declared their intent of providing protection with a crumpled expression. Yu IlHan had earned the goodwill of many powerful clans just by selling items.

Well, this sort of reaction was to be expected since it would double their fighting power instantly, but how would they react if they had known that the one in front of them was the individual that defeated the Orochi, which, couldn’t be defeated even with all of their combined effort…

At least, Michael Smithson would rampage around. Yu IlHan imagined that scene and laughed a little.

“The following are the items that will be sold to the clans here. First, 10 sets of higher ranked equipments. The word ‘set’ referring to a set of a weapon+armor, or weapon+accessory.”

“Accessory! That means?”

The clan master of the Magia clan, Carina Malatesta, covered her mouth with one of her hands as her eyes flashed. Yu IlHan lightly smiled and nodded.

“The crafter affiliated to Vanguard has a mana crafting level of over 30.”

Yu IlHan could now paint his own face in gold as much as he wanted without being embarrassed. If Na YuNa was here she would have burst out laughing, but it was fortunate that she wasn’t here.

“Oh my, my accessories are rare.”

“I also learnt mana crafting. The level really didn’t rise, but how did he raise it to 30… No, well, he should be another worlder.”

“I did imagine that his blacksmithing level would be high after seeing the standard weapons. However, his mana crafting is too?”

It was quite an interesting piece of news. The clan masters talked amongst themselves in exclamation. As their feelings of surprise towards Vanguard increased, their pity for the Phoenix Clan master also increased.

“If that’s the first, is there a second?”

“This is optional. You won’t need it if you are pursuing a small-scale, elite force, but there are also 30 sets of standard equipment.”

“We will buy them.”

“Us too.”

If the clan had many members, then they needed to buy the standard equipment as well. Equipments of Vanguard weren’t easily procured. Not because of the price, but because of the lacking supply.

In the end, other than the Lightning God Clan and the Magic Dragon Clan and a few other clans who were working towards a small scale, elite force, the rest all decided to buy the standard sets. Additionally, Yu IlHan took out a list of the items he had and decided to show them the level of the equipments of higher rank.

“The higher ranked weapons are all unique ranked.”

“Insane.”

“26 clans and each 10 sets each… that means 520 unique ranked artifacts?”

Unique ranked artifacts were only owned by one, or perhaps two indivuduals from the main forces of the clan. Of course, the abilities would differ a lot even within the unique rank, but they were better than rare ranked ones!

The clan masters all tapped their feet in excitement. Thinking that the situation was interesting, Yu IlHan called out a whip on one of his hand, and a necklace in the other.

“These are examples of higher ranked weapons. There will be slight differences, but they are mostly of this level. Please check in order.”

“Well then.”

Takagaki Asuha of the Magic Dragon Clan approached first and grabbed the whip. Yu IlHan knew that she would show interest after seeing the whip rolled around her waist and passed it to her.

[Soul-sticking Spike Leather Whip]

[Rank – Unique]

[Attack Power – 3,200]

[Options –

A fixed probability of causing disorder in the enemy when hitting

40% increase in critical hit rate]

[Durability – 2,300/2,300]

“Oh my god.”

There was no need to ask what she thought of the whip. She was embracing and even rubbing her cheeks against it.

“I will take this!”

“Okay, but please show it to others first.”

“Oh, right.”

The other clan masters weren’t that much different. The ones that used magic had glisters in their eyes after seeing the accessory which had a magical support option in it, while the ones who fought in close quarters had their expectations heightened after seeing the high attack power of the whip.

Kang MiRae wasn’t so surprised since she had already acquired a legend ranked artifact, but after seeing the accessory Yu IlHan had taken out, she bit her lips while thinking ‘Ah, there was this too!’. Her inner mind was clear for all to see.

“The performance can be seen clearly.”

“If it’s at this level, we need to acquire them no matter what the means.”

“That’s the problem here.”

First, the biggest problem that surfaced after they realized that the performance of the weapons surpassed their expectations, was the price.

The standard equipments were comparatively cheap, but would it remain as such for the higher ranked ones? With a mix of worry and anticipation, they all waited for Yu IlHan’s mouth to open.

26 pairs of eyes were all fixated on Yu IlHan. This was quite an unfamiliar experience for the ‘Pancosmic Loner’ Yu IlHan, but he somehow succeeded in voicing out the price he had in his mind.

“Each of the higher ranked weapons will be sold at a fixed price of 5 million dollars.”

“5 million dollars.”

“Only that?”

Someone said ‘only’. 5 million dollars were approximately 5 billion won. It was enough money to change someone’s fate, but it didn’t matter to the people gathered here.

“They are among the best artifacts even within the unique rank, but they are only 5 million dollars each?”

“Standard weapons are being sold at 100 million Korean won. Please consider this an extension of that.”

“Just who made Vanguard, an envoy of God who’s planning to save the Earth?”

The clan masters all became silent. Yu IlHan just smiled and said this:

“Well, then. You may leave if you do not wish to go through with the trade.”

Of course, no one stood up from their seat.



Chapter 82

The reputation of Vanguard soared by the day.

The levels of standard weapons were rising little by little, and after the performance of the higher ranked weapons traded with the 26 powerful clans was discovered, Vanguard’s ability became much more well known. Additionally, after the Korean military group, Suppression, revealed that they had also been supplied with custom weapons from Vanguard, the brand gained even more fame.

Before this, Suppression was considered the number one contender for the most pitiful group award in Korea, but right now, they had become the luckiest people.

Of course, this didn’t change the fact that they would suffer for evermore, but since the level and quality of their equipment had increased drastically, injuries, much less deaths, were rarely seen anymore, even while their growth speed increased.

The most reliable thing in the current world was one’s own level.

Suppression was levelling up at speeds not inferior to the powerful clans, despite working for the country, and even if the country or Suppression itself collapses, their levels would remain unchanged, and become their strength.

“Aaah, I need to capture Mr. Yu IlHan.”

“Give it up, first lieutenant Han. How about you just pick one from here?”

“Never, even if I die! Love is about winning. I will definitely win him over!”

“Well, good luck there, YeoRang Sinclair.” 

Regardless of whether the Korean representative ‘beauty’ first lieutenant Han YeoRang was burning in an absurd dream, the situation in the world changed rapidly.

Pregnant women, who previously went to the other worlds with swollen bellies, had all gaiven birth to their babies, and Earth now became home to the babies who were born after the Great Cataclysm, a.k.a. Newtypes, under the combined effort of governments and businesses alike, a major reconstruction of important buildings with materials that were 10 times sturdier than the existing ones began.

After the Dungeon Wave in Japan, the tension surrounding the management of dungeons increased manyfold in countries all around the world, and as a result, the powerful clans acquired more opportunities to shine.

In particular, the clans that were armed with higher level equipment from Vanguard greatly surpassed the growth speed of all the other clans, earning their jealousy.

Some conflicts occurred due to that with clans fighting each other, but Yu IlHan put up a notice stating that anyone who stole Vanguard’s weapons would not be able to acquire purchasing tickets for higher ranked weapons, which calmed them down.

The opportunity wasn’t over yet, we can become strong too!

When the clans realized that, they became obedient. Yu IlHan could now influence all the clans in the world with Vanguard!

“Now this is getting me interested.”

[Why don’t you stop roleplaying as the dark power and start moving?]

Erta’s nagging made Yu IlHan obediently close the laptop and stand up. He wanted to see the situation that changed according to the notices put up in Vanguard, but this was enough for now.

“Fortunately, we secured our place.”

[You thought it may fail. right?]

“Yeah, then I would have had more work to do.”

Thinking back on it, the objective of Yu IlHan’s founding of Vanguard was to enhance humanity. If the project collapsed due to the greed of other humans, then at that time, he would have no choice but to suffer all alone.

However, fortunately, since both the standard and higher ranked equipment sales went smoothly, they would all be able to suffer nicely together!

Under the resolve that he couldn’t suffer alone, Yu IlHan made the equipments for Na YuNa and Kang HaJin of the Lightning God Clan, as well as the 25 other clans, which took him around 3 weeks.

Of course, he did go and hunt some monsters in dungeons in his spare time, but after his level reached 87 due to the Orochi hunt, the rate of levelling was disgustingly slow.It almost seemed like he would be at the same level forever.

“When will I become level 100 and get my 3rd job…”

[What you just said nonchalantly is a lifetime goal for countless other people in other worlds. The growth speed of the people of Earth already surpassed my imagination, but your growth speed is way too OP!]

He once worried about if he couldn’t wield mana before he reached level 100, but getting straight to the point, it was a needless worry.

Well, it was mortifying every time he wanted to level up. If he hadn’t been able to monopolize Orochi’s experience, then he would still have been suffering at around level 84.

[Sir Yu IlHan, we have to move now.]

Said Reta Kar’iha’s consciousness. Yu IlHan also agreed with her words.

“Yes. I have already done as much as I can.”

Although it was impossible for him to cover for the entire humankind, the ones standing on the front lines in the war against the monsters had definitely been strengthened thanks to Vanguard. Without exaggeration, the battle power before Vanguard and after Vanguard multiplied by around two, no, threefold.

The overflowing monsters from the dungeons were being cleared out, while the Kantou region in Japan, which had shown high concentrations of mana even after the Dungeon Wave, was stabilizing.

“And I’ve also became more proficient in wielding mana too.”

[You monster.]

Erta’s words were her honest thoughts without the slightest bit of exaggeration. She couldn’t believe that Yu IlHan had adapted to mana, which he had never used in his entire life, in just one month, well, 3 months including the time within the barrier.

Of course, he wasn’t at a level where he could create an active skill by using mana, but it was plenty amazing now that he could enhance the skills he had, and use concealment freely.

“I have no choice but to become a monster. Think about it, Erta. What did the Akashic Record ask me to do when getting my 2nd job? It was an instakill of a 3rd class monster. Then what do you think it will ask me to do for my 3rd?”

[I don’t want to think about it.]

[Those conditions are frightening. I also have a deathgod-category class, but I’ve never gotten such stringent requirements even when I was getting my 3rd job.]

Added Reta Kar’iha. Just before, she didn’t say such personal things, but as her thoughts became clearer and stronger by the day, it was showing changes.

Why? Of course, Yu IlHan knew the answer to that, and it was because Yu IlHan had allowed her to do one thing.

Which was none other than letting her devour a portion of the life force that he had acquired through Death Collector! This would have been impossible for a normal consciousness, and was possible only because she was once a deathgod.

There were no skills that used the accumulated life force yet, and since Yu IlHan had hunted so many monsters already, the amount Reta Kar’iha devoured really didn’t make a difference, so he allowed it. However, as he saw that Reta Kar’iha’s thoughts were becoming clearer and clearer, he also thought that he may do something unbelievable in the future.

And bullseye, as if she had read Yu IlHan’s thoughts, Reta Kar’iha spoke.

[I also want to help sir Yu IlHan as soon as possible.]

“I knew you’d say that. You wouldn’t have eaten the life force for nothing.”

[D, do you have the power of future prediction!?]

Reta Kar’iha became surprised. Yu IlHan just said that it was something similar and asked her.

“It will be possible with my deathgod powers, correct?’

[It will probably become possible when you acquire your 3rd class. There are numerous uses to life force, and not to boast, but there are even more uses for clear thoughts like me.]

Erta sighed, but Yu IlHan replied with a smirk.

“That’s interesting.”

[I will be much more useful than that damned Orochi over there.]

“Hey, don’t speak of the devil. Ah! He came out there.”

[Kroaaar!]

He thought about letting her devour the Orochi’s thoughts and life force, but he stopped.

As it was quite rare for a thought to be attached when absorbing life force, he felt a little too wasteful to throw away the Orochi, which was a 4th class mutant to boot, just because it was annoying. There was something else he was thinking about anyway.

“Well, then.”

He had prepared enough standard equipment to be sold in Vanguard for the foreseeable future, and the higher ranked weapons were all in his Cross Bag.

He had already requested the Lightning God Clan for his parents’ protection, and at the current moment, there were no signs of connections with other worlds or Overflows. At this rate, something will definitely happen, but not for now. Yu IlHan had done as much as he could.

“Shall we go?”

He couldn’t always move after something had happened. Before the 2nd Great Cataclysm occurred while he was hesitating, Yu IlHan decided to move.

The Abandoned World, Dareu, a horrible world where the dragonkin ruled.

Actually, the place where Yu IlHan could level up the quickest was also that place.

Yu IlHan went to the Grand Canyon again. Since the Earth had become more stabilized compared to the past, there were many tourists in the Grand Canyon, but none of them could detect Yu IlHan’s figure.

“Was the dungeon this way?”

[The dungeon access permission isn’t coming down. Well, it can’t be helped since the war in the Wall of Chaos is intensifying and all our important forces are gathered there.]

The dungeon connected to Dareu within the deepest areas of the Grand Canyon was currently sealed with Heaven’s power.

For Yu IlHan to enter the dungeon without breaking the seal, he had to make a secret passage, or, a dog hole, but obviously, that dog hole wasn’t something that could be made on a whim. It could only be done after a prior report and permission was granted.

“What will we do to come out then?”

[Like how we entered, we will drill another dog hole and exit. If a dragonkin slips out that hole, then that will be the start of another Dungeon Break, so we’d have to close it quickly, alright?]

Despite Erta’s worried voice, Yu IlHan replied confidently.

“I don’t think that’s a problem, since it will be when I’ve already killed almost all the dragons there anyway.”

[Aren’t you looking down on dragons? They destroyed an entire world.]

“It’s you who’s looking down, Erta.”

Erta replied to Yu IlHan with a sigh, but the one who really wanted to sigh was Yu IlHan himself.

“Do you really not understand even after you’ve experienced all those things around the world? Do you think we can come out easily once we enter?”

[No.]

Erta knew that much. Not once did something happen according to Yu IlHan’s plans.

“Listen here.”

With Erta’s agreement, Yu IlHan’s words continued like a flowing river from the mountain; in a tone that was slightly disdainful for her to not continue thinking about it that much.

“Right now, we’re going to go in there thinking that we are confronting them starting with the 3rd class only, but mid way, something will go wrong, and I will have to fight 4th class dragons like I’m having my meals. Whether there’s a problem with the magic formation of the Elf Royalties, or the dragons messing them up or whatever.”

[You mean the absolute magic formation!?]

Even Reta Kar’iha was shocked at Yu IlHan’s daring prediction.

“However, I will be able to win against the 4th classes somehow, since I’ve become stronger than that time with Orochi. I might be left in tatters every time I kill one, but I will eventually be able to win against all of them.”

[You’re confident that you will be able to easily destroy the ones who ruined Dareu?]

“Yeah, I probably will get my 3rd class during that process. The friendship between me and you girls might become stronger too.”

[He’s originally like this.] (Erta)

However, his words didn’t end there.

“But even after I defeat all of them, when I am about to come out after feeling relieved, a 5th class dragon, enraged at the deaths of its own kind, will come out from somewhere. That will be the finale.”

[Stop it, it’s so likely that it’s scary!] (Erta)

[So you really have the power of prophecy!?] (Reta)

Having made an angel and a thought cower with his smooth speech, Yu IlHan was moving around the Grand Canyon looking for the dungeon, despite he himself haing predicted that horrifying future.

Erta nitpicked with an exhausted voice.

[But why do you looks so lively?]

“I can just run if a 5th class appears. We can only fight him by putting together everything we have on Earth against it.”

[You are a mere 2nd class, no, even if you acquire your 3rd as planned, how can you be so confident in running away from a higher exis…… Oh, you will be able to run.]

Erta acknowledged while she was retorting. Now that Yu IlHan was able to wield mana, if he used concealment with all his power, then even she wasn’t confident in being able to find him.

[Well, if you say so, then we’ll just go in! Oh, the dungeon entrance was permitted just now too!]

“Good, that’s the spirit!”

[What the hell is up with these people. So scary!] (Reta)

The overly arrogant Yu IlHan and his friends(?) entered the dungeon connected to Dareu without hesitation.

Poor Erta didn’t realize that she was becoming similar to Yu IlHan in more ways than one.


Chapter 83

The scene inside the dungeon was not that much different from before. Endless plains, overflowing desolation…Only, the color of the sky had changed. A dark color enveloped the dungeon as if it would collapse at any moment.

[The synchronization is intensifying. Even if the 2nd Great Cataclysm doesn’t arrive anytime soon, I feel that the dragons may come out to the dungeon surface.]

“Reta Kar’iha. So how do I go to the magic formation?”

[Reta is fine. This place is still the surface of the dungeon. You have to go to the core area, at least to the place where we fought in the past, before entering Dareu.]

“Good, then let’s hurry.”

Yu IlHan immediately took out a cheer pack with bloodrink in it, before removing the lid and biting on the mouth of the packet. It looked like he was eating a certain ice cream, but as bloodrink was basically extreme poison, the materials that the pack was made from weren’t ordinary. 

“Fuu……Haa!”

Sipping on the packet, Yu IlHan kicked off the ground. His speed was too fast even after considering his stat increase due to the Heaven’s Quest rewards. The reason was of course, due to mana.

Mana affected all phenomena and actions, and the easiest way of using them was through skills.

There were some skills that only activated with the use of mana, and there were some that didn’t need it, but anyway, the power would increase if mana was included.

Superhuman Strength and Leap were two skills that fell into this category, and thanks to the overflowing mana reserves he had due to concealment being passive , he was able to use all his mana in Superhuman Strength and Leap.

[The power of mana is added to Superhuman Strength. The effectiveness of the skill increases by 20%]

Only now did the mana recovery speed increase option in the bracelet activate s. Strictly speaking, it wasn’t only that though, as he was currently wearing an earing, a ring, and a necklace in addition to the bracelet.

[Smooth Warrior’s Black Python Earring]

[Rank – Unique]

[Options –

10% increase in mana recovery speed.

A fixed probability of putting the opponent into fear when attacking in close quarters.]

[User restrictions – Creator, Yu IlHan]

[Durability – 2,200/2,200]

Even though he had no 3rd class magic stones, the materials were good enough for all his accessories to be exceptional in regards to options.

Cumulatively, his mana recovery speed had increased by 50%.

Yu IlHan had actually intended to cover his entire body in accessories like a tribal chief during the ancient times, but Erta desperately stopped him.

Unlike how he focused on attack power with his robe or armor, accessory-class artifacts that had direct effects the body, would instead damage the user if there were too many, resulting in clashes with each other.

Or to put it simply, his equipments slots were mostly filled up.

Anyway, thanks to the four accessories that sped up his mana recovery, and the bloodrink that allowed him to continuously use Transcendent Regeneration, Yu IlHan could keep himself in peak condition while charging throughout the dungeon.

If the Yu IlHan at the initial stages of the Great Cataclysm, was a roller coaster, then he currently was a military jet. Only Erta, who was grabbing firmly onto his hair, was having a thrill.

“I see no trolls or scorpions.”

[That’s also a proof that the dungeon is synchronizing. The mana that should make up the dungeon is being sucked into Dareu.]

If there were any trolls, he could stock up on bloodrink, but seeing as he couldn’t, he felt slightly disappointed.

However, just when he resolved to buy troll’s blood after he cleared out Dareu and went back to Earth, the surrounding scenery started changing. From plains to a forest, from high altitude to low.

“Hup.”

Due to the overly thick mana, Yu IlHan momentarily felt dizzy. Reta did say that Dareu had experienced the 3rd Great Cataclysm, and the level of mana here was incomparable to that on Earth.

[It’s called mana sickness. All the people who went to other worlds should have experienced this.]

“Yeah, I’m sooo tearfully happy that I got to experience the same thing as them.”

Said Yu IlHan sarcastically, as he took deep breaths. Although he was slightly dizzy, after a while, he realized that not everything was as bad as he had thought.

If there was a high concentration of mana in his surroundings, he could expect a higher effectiveness from using the same amount of mana.

“So, I hit harder, but also get hit harder?”

[What an interesting way to put it. I’ve learnt from you today.]

“But I don’t have a hitting active though? It won’t do much for me.”

Yu IlHan resolved the piling tension he received as he entered Dareu by talking with Erta. This was the result of Erta’s special training, that she did because she was envious of the relationship between Lita and Yu IlHan.

It took 30 more minutes to enter the area of the magic formation that Reta had talked about.

[That’s good. It’s still here.]

Even though Yu IlHan couldn’t find any changes in the scenery in front of him, Reta raised his voice. He confirmed with her while tilting his head.

“Really? Is there nothing like the dragons’ tampering, or anything?”

[There is none. It’s the same from when I last checked it.]

Reta’s reassuring attitude made Erta have a look at the formation. Although it was difficult for her to use magic due to this being an Abandoned World, that didn’t mean her eyes for formations had regressed in any way.

[This magic formation has not been damaged. Moreover, like what Reta said, it started secretly activating after recognizing us as the owner of the formation. It really is an absurdly intricate formation.]

[It’s the pride of elves. Although, the empire that made this formation was destroyed……]

Yu IlHan thought that it may go wrong even if it was fine now, but didn’t say it. It was more productive to prepare for any situation rather than saying it to make things more unlucky.

[What will you do? Are you going to hunt the dragonkin right away?]

“How many are there in total?”

Reta replied immediately as if having waited for it.

[There are a total of 45,988 dragonkin detectable within this magic formation. Of this, 1,233 are 4th class.]

“Whaaaddd……”

Yu IlHan opened his mouth to say something but closed it. He finally knew why Dareu was doomed.

Think about it, Earth was almost destroyed thanks to that single 4th class, but what? No matter how this world was one that experienced the 3rd Great Cataclysm, this was an absurd world.

What form of ‘resistance’ could there have been in this unbalanced world? Yu IlHan spoke while looking at Erta on top of his head.

“Managers, do your job properly.”

[I also feel skeptical nowadays thanks to that. Yu IlHan, will you take responsibility if I quit Heaven?]

“……No, sorry. Please don’t give up and put in your best effort.”

Yu IlHan spoke again while thinking that Erta’s words contained a lot of pretext for misunderstanding. Now, towards Reta.

“Aren’t there any monsters other than dragonkin? If possible, around level 100.”

[Of course there are. Dragonkin wiped out all monsters and humans, but there are still monsters that exist in large amounts, or actually, monsters that can only exist in large amounts.]

Reta sounded a little depressed. Yu IlHan didn’t ask about it. He feared that it would make her even more depressed.

“Then let’s go there first.”

Before he had heard the number of dragonkin in Dareu continent, Yu IlHan was full of reckless courage, but after he was notified that there were over 40 thousand enemies, Yu IlHan became serious.

He was already quite sure that the ambush plan using the magic formation would have an amazing effect, but he was also quite sure that the plan would definitely go wrong mid way unless the dragonkin were all idiots.

Then what did he have to do? The answer was simple. He had to increase his own ability as much as possible, and had to decrease their numbers as quickly as possible before they find out.

“If I get find out, then it’s guerilla tactics from then on. Fufu, it excites me even now.”

[Yu IlHan, your voice is rotten, your voice!]

He only found it to be nonsense even after thinking several times. Clearing up an entire world full of those that destroyed the world, by himself? He was no protagonist in a novel or a movie.

But what could he do? There was no other person up for it. With feelings akin to Sun Goku that was trying to protect the Earth, he stepped on the magic formation.

Reta Kar’iha activated the magic formation, and the formation that activated which was smoother than a limousine, took him to the place he wanted.

Everywhere was dark. Moreover, the mana that suffocated his breath had become a level thicker.

Yu IlHan immediately knew the reason, and it was because where he was before was only the outer entrance of the continent, but this place could be called the innermost area.

[Hipiii]

[Ubuuu]

A spooky sound continuously resounded out. It took a little time for Yu IlHan to catch those sounds as he had to adapt to the mana pressuring him.

“What, are those……?”

[Ghosts.]

Answered Erta.

[They are undead-class monsters that frequently occur in places like the ruins of destroyed kingdoms, where entire villages die out due to disasters. Like how they are almost invulnerable to physical attacks, it will be hard to hunt them without mana. Of course, if you crush them with around ten tons of weight, then even ghosts cannot be safe, so you don’t fit in that category.]

Now that he could use mana, he didn’t feel that he had to use such a reckless method, and wanted to retort, but he didn’t bother boasting. There was something else that tugged on his mind.

“Ruins of destroyed kingdoms, disasters. Then that means.”

The one to answer this time was Reta Kar’iha’s depressed voice.

[Correct. The ones that are still tied to this place, as they couldn’t run from the unreasonable violence and disaster. The ones that fell into being monsters after losing both their reason and will due to the curse of mana. They are the citizens of this destroyed world.]

[That’s good. Yu IlHan, give them peace. It’s time to use the power from Angel’s Partner that makes you stronger against undead. Of course, you also need to get used to ‘Angels’ Support’ which you can use in Abandoned Worlds.]

She could sympathize, but Erta’s words were ruthless. Well, thinking back to it, she was like this from the start. She only walked towards her destination, and only that. This had some similarities to Yu IlHan’s own personality.

“Yes. I should.”

[……I also, request of you.]

“Leave it to me.”

Let them give Yu IlHan new power. The power to go against the dragonkin that destroyed this world, or more specifically, a lot of experience!

Yu IlHan hoped and harbored expectations. He had a good premonition.

One week passed. Yu IlHan had become level 90.

His expectations were betrayed.

“This won’t do. I should start hunting dragons.”

[Good thinking.]

He felt sorry for Reta, but these damned ghosts had the worst efficiency.

Remains! As if to mock Yu IlHan’s desire for remains, ghosts only disappeared when killed, and didn’t leave behind a single dime! 

Well, the experience efficiency of the ghosts weren’t so bad, but to be satisfied with it, the experience needed was too much.

Only 3 levels within a week? Moreover, this speed would decrease in the future. Even though he hunted without eating or sleeping!

It was already so hard to level up to 100, but there were 4th classes and higher existences! Yu IlHan, for the first time, began to respect Erta.

[It’s only that your situation is a little urgent, but as long as you have the ability to finish your class advancement quest, then the time to level up doesn’t matter. You don’t have to look at me with those eyes.]

“But you’re still amazing. It just means you put in so much effort for all those years.”

Yu IlHan lifted Erta high. He had a similar personality to Kang MiRae, and was strict with himself, and with others as well.

It was rare to be praised by Yu IlHan, so Erta made a satisfied expression.

[That’s true. Even though I look like this, I’m seven…… Kyaak!]

“Ouch! Oooouch!”

Erta immediately closed her mouth and pulled on Yu IlHan’s hair. Well, her age was almost about to be found out.

[That was a leading question! You evil human!]

“Ouch, it really hurts so stop it!”

Yu IlHan hurriedly pulled her off. In Abandoned worlds, her already poor physical abilities became even poorer, and he could tease her if he wanted to using his strength, but fearing vengeance, he didn’t do that much.

Well, that was true.

If there was anything Yu IlHan had profited from this, it was that, as Erta had said, he had become completely proficient in using the abilities of the subclass, Angel’s Partner.

Not to mention becoming proficient with the basic ability he acquired when becoming an Angel’s Partner, Breaker, he also became quite proficient in the skill, Angel’s Support, that allowed him to receive Erta’s power to use, when she couldn’t use her own due to being in an Abandoned World.

Erta said that she was inferior to Lita, but even though he had only acquired a portion of her strength, his abilities increased by more than 30%.

It wasn’t just a simple increase in power. Not only could Yu IlHan keep his enhanced powers without depleting Erta’s stamina, he could now also pour them all into a single attack at the price of giving up the support for a while.

Yu IlHan had already adapted to his enhanced capabilities by the end of the week, and also focused in the strike that used all his power, a.k.a Angel’s Single Strike. As a result, he could splendidly adapt to the abilities, backlashes and the penalties of the Angel’s Single Strike.

So, it was time to leave. It was time to hunt dragonkin.

Consoling the angry Erta, Yu IlHan took out tens of 2nd class magic stones. It was the price to activate the magic formation.

The cost would decrease if he used 3rd class magic stones, but Yu IlHan profited more in using the tens of thousands stockpile of 2nd class magic stones rather than the few 3rd class magic stone he had.

“Reta, please. Let’s go kill the solo players first.”

[Are you, planning to kill dragonkin?]

Asked Reta with a nervous voice and Yu IlHan silently nodded his head. Actually, in his calculations, he would be able to kill 3rd class dragonkin easily, but since the place was like this and all, he did not relax his tension.

He could even fight a 4th class if he met one!

Regardless of whether she knew or not, Reta replied with a gulping sound, even though she was a mere thought.

[I understand. We will, move immediately.]

The magic formation activated and swallowed Yu IlHan. The next moment, he was facing a figure of a snake that was sleeping coiled up. He used the magic formation several times already, but this was too OP.

However, what was important now was not the magic formation but the giant snake, in other words, a 3rd class dragonkin.

He finished calculating as soon as he saw it. This 3rd class snake was instakill material and the next one after it as well. Although Angel’s Support was amazing, the techniques embedded into Yu Ilhan’s body were even more so.

He leapt while putting his concealment into max.

Such was the moment of the beginning of Yu IlHan’s first ‘World Hunt’.



Chapter 84

One month had passed since Yu IlHan’s dragon hunt began. His level was now 99.

[Krrr]

A giant body coupled with a pair of unbecomingly small wings and a big vicious-looking mouth made it seem like it was a collage of dragon parts from different stories.

Most 3rd class dragonkin had an incomplete draconic form as they were considered imperfect dragons.

Yu IlHan was currently facing such an example of a strange-looking dragonkin at the moment. Well, it probably didn’t notice that he was standing right in front of its eyes, but anyway, it was like that.

[How many is it now?]

“This is the 23,795th. Still a lot to go.”

Replied Yu IlHan while leaping. From his hands, a blackish purple spear emitted an ominous light.

The reason he did not use the pile bunker while doing a surprise attack, was very simple – His spear might not be more effective than the pile bunker against monsters other of other species, but it was more effective with dragonkin.

[Krr?]

Maybe it had felt something, as the disproportional head of the dragonkin tilted and sniffed. However, Yu IlHan was already in mid-air, flying down towards it.

He gripped the spear so that the spearhead would point downwards, and focused all the weight on his body onto the very tip of his spearhead!

It had been one month since he had entered Dareu. As he had fought numerous dragonkin until now, he could clearly locate the weakness his enemy had.

‘There is a mana channel that connects its heart and the nose. So it’s the type that attacks by channeling mana to both its mouth and nose.’

When Yu IlHan moved the mana boiling inside his body and guided into the spear he was holding, a blackish purple colored flame, the same color as the spear, that looked frightening, burned around the spearhead.

[Dark deathgod’s Dragon fighter Black bone giant spear]

[Rank – Legend]

[Attack Power – 5,200]

[Options –

30% increase in attack power and critical hit rate when attacking in surprise.

30% increase in deathgod-category skills.

100% increase in attack power and critical hit rate when fighting against dragonkin.

Can activate ‘Purple Flame’, a higher attribute flame, using mana.]

[Durability – 6,000/6,000]

[A spear made by the best smith after carving away a weapon that was a cluster of a strong monster’s power. It has various and strong abilities.]

The spear that was made by processing the Heavenly Cloud Gathering Sword, Black Bone Giant Spear.

Not only did it inherit most of the options from the spike spear, the abilities from the Heavenly Cloud Gathering Sword was also preserved, and had become a savage weapon against dragonkin. There was no wasteful option amongst those 4 abilities!

However, the obese lizard didn’t know that a flame was burning right above it, and only sniffed around.

It looked a little cute, but Yu IlHan already knew that it was one of the culprits that led Dareu to ruin.

‘Hup!’

As such, he struck out his spear without a shred of hesitation. The disordered Purple Flame on the spearhead shot out in the same direction as the spear, and the scene was marvellous.

[Critical Hit!]

The spear Yu IlHan thrust shot out without the slightest pause and crushed its nose, and pierced through all the way to the chin.

[Kugaaa!]

[You have earned 58,958,301 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 176 Great Jaw]

It tried to resist with a horrifying scream, but as the Purple Flame spread to its heart rapidly through the wounds on the nose and the chin, it died instantly without being able to do anything.

Well, a 3rd class wouldn’t have the ability to endure after its heart was grilled. It was also because the properties of the Purple Flame was special.

Yu IlHan had once instakilled a 3rd class monster for his 2nd class advancement, but killing a level 176 dragonkin in a single strike wasn’t something so easy. Dragonkin not only had enormous attack power, but it also had semi-invulnerable defense, and a recovery speed that made trolls shudder in fear.

If he didn’t use a spear, couldn’t do a surprise attack, or if this place was not an Abandoned World, then he wouldn’t have been able to kill it in a single strike.

The acquaintance of Reta, who was once a deathgod, the experience of having fought against the Orochi with his life on the line, and the support from the angels all combined to allow him to rampage to his heart’s content in Dareu.

Maybe thanks to that, Dareu, which was a place that no one would approach due to fear, had become the perfect hunting zone for Yu IlHan.

Why not? Since everything that appeared here was an easy kill due to being a dragonkin, he could cover a lot of the difference in level using Angel’s Support.

“Fuu.”

[That was a beautiful straight line.]

[We’re half way there. Yu IlHan-nim, do your best.]

“Well, among those ‘half’, 1,233 are 4th class.”

It was a beautiful instakill, and thanks to that, Yu IlHan’s concealment didn’t even wear off.

He lightly landed on the ground and collected the dragonkin’s body. Although he was curious about the presence of a magic stone, he had to leave the dismantling for later. There was still another dragonkin in this place.

[Krk?]

[Khhh,khhkhhh!]

A portion of the dragonkin group that was sleeping realized a change occurred in the area and looked around to find out one of its colleagues had disappeared.

[Khiii!]

After the war between monsters and humanity ended with the dragonkin’s victory, they had lived a long time without any change, so it took only a moment before tension spread throughout them.

Something’s happening! The four or five dragonkin that was in the large cavern all stood up slowly with their large bodies and sniffed. However, if Yu IlHan’s concealment was at such a paltry level, he wouldn’t have become a loner in the first place.

Laughing at them, Yu IlHan moved his body again. Purple Flame was still burning on top of his spear, and as soon as he decided on the next target, Yu IlHan re-leaped downwards from mid-air to strike!

[Kahak!]

[You have earned 59,001,832 experience.]

It was the same pattern. The nose and the chin was attacked simultaneously again, and the Purple Flame that rushed into the heart through the wounds grilled the dragonkin’s heart.

The remaining dragonkin stared at the scene with wide eyes, it was impossible to find the one that actually attacked. In their point of view, it would be insanely frustrating.

Yu IlHan collected the body as soon as it died and landed. At that moment, the dragonkin all breathed out flames in all directions. Their plan was obviously to kill the intruder by attacking all sides since the attacker was within this cavern!

Their strategy was simple, but the best they could do. Wouldn’t it be the best method to make a concealed enemy unable to stand still?

However, Yu IlHan wasn’t included in this area. Not only was he wearing a leather armor and a bone armor that had absurd defense, the bone armor also had an option that increased his fire attribute resistance by 80%.

Although he did not know until Erta explained to him, attribute resistance was one of the values that did not show on the outside despite being formed from basic stat points and records.

Even amongst those, fire attribute resistance was decided according to the records related to fire, skills, achievements, defense, affinity, and the level of mana, and coincidentally, Yu IlHan had a considerably high fire attribute resistance from the beginning.

First, he was the owner of Eternal Flame, and was a master of blacksmithing that used fire. Just these two made him overwhelming in regards to record, skills, and affinity, but an extra was added after he now wielded the Purple Flame of the Orochi, and as his armor defense was exceptional, he wouldn’t even be scratched by a 2nd class flame.

However, as 80% increase in fire attribute resistance was added on top of this, he could now endure 3rd class flames! This meant that, he could endure in the sea of flames made by 3rd class dragonkin, without the need to activate transcendent regeneration.

Of course, 5 minutes was the limit.

This wasn’t the end, what was more decisive was the additional effect of that option – the ability to reflect a portion of the attack with a 20% probability.

Since all dragonkin in that place was breathing out flames, the option obviously activated soon, and they ended up pouring ashes onto their own face.

They too had a high fire attribute resistance, so they didn’t receive much damage, but it was definitely awkward!

[Krrraaa!]

[Kihaaa! Khaaak!]

However, what made their blood pressure even higher, was that the reflect option on the armor was in the end, just a reflection, not a direct attack from Yu IlHan. As such, it did not affect his concealment in any way. They still didn’t know where Yu IlHan was!

If this place was a wide plain, then they would have tried disarming Yu IlHan’s concealment by attacking the direction of the reflection, but this cavern was just enough for them to lie down, and was currently in a sea of flames.

‘Washing’ their own faces with fire every time they spat out flames, the dragonkin rampaged around the cavern while screaming, and Yu IlHan killed them one by one smoothly. His concealment and surprise attack not affected in the slightest.

[You’ve become a fine deathgod.]

[I don’t know if I should call that a deathgod, or a walking disaster.]

Erta sighed. It wasn’t that she wanted Yu IlHan to display emotions like a normal person, but how does he not act like a human!

Like how his base abilities that he piled up over a thousand years was high, the range of uses for his strengths was becoming blindingly wider every time he acquired a new set of wings, such as the abilities of the deathgod, his weapons, and Angel’s Support.

[You have earned 54,121,433 experience.]

Even though flames that grilled his skin was everywhere around him, he firmly believed in the limitations of his defense and moved around solely in order to kill his enemies. This, in fact, was absolutely impossible for a normal human.

That was because of being ‘human’. Fire was a sign of the most fundamental strength and fear for humans. No matter how high their ability or resistance were, most people shrink back in front of fire and as such, wouldn’t be able to act calmly.

It might not be the case for other worlders who were born with an extraordinary high innate ability, but at least for the people of Earth, there were many who still couldn’t overcome the differences between the past and the present. The ones who were not heavily in contact with magic were even more so.

However, Yu IlHan wasn’t. As if playing a game to kill the enemies as quickly as possible, he was moving very smoothly! On one hand, Erta was glad that he was growing up into a splendid fighter, while on the other hand, she was worried about his abnormal behaviour.

‘The thousand years he spent solely with Lita. There’s no way he was able to preserve his humanity over all those years. How great would it be if I had been the one with him at that time.’ 

Yu IlHan had overcome the suffering of time, with the sole will to survive, while waiting for the humans to come back after the Great Cataclysm. This wasn’t something endurable while laughing. It was good that he hadn’t turned into a lunatic.

No matter how he looked like he was laughing on the other side, and how he cracked many jokes, Erta knew very well that his heart was distorted.

In what way do I have to approach in order to caress that heart? – wondered Erta, but the answer couldn’t be found.

However, at that moment, Yu IlHan shouted loudly as if he had learnt what she was thinking.

“It’s here!”

[Wh, what is!?]

Erta had a prick on her conscience and replied while freaking out and looked at the situation. The sea of flames that covered the cavern had disappeared. This meant that all the dragonkin fighting against Yu IlHan had died.

And Yu IlHan’s shout of ‘It’s here!’ was because he had seen the text that appeared on his retina after the fight.

[You have earned 58,985,019 experience.]

[You cannot become level 100 if you do not acquire your 3rd class. All records acquired before the class acquirement will be added after the class is generated.]

[With the achievements and the records you have earned until now, a path you can take is now seen. Please select a class. A befitting trial will be given to you.]

[1 Reaper.]

[2 God’s Hammer.]

[3 Blazing Reaper.]

The fruits of a month of intense labour and suffering.

And the moment of the beginning of a new hell.



Chapter 85

“Whoa, it really has been a long time.”

[You became level 99 ten days ago, so it indeed was a long time.]

Yu IlHan had started hunting dragonkin from lower leveled ones first. He had reached dragonkin over level 170 starting from those that were just over 100 and looked like a giant komodo lizard.

As such, the quantity of experience he gained also increased gradually, but even despite that, it was an achievement to keep level 99 for ten days. This just meant that the experience to level up to 100, or to be exact, to do the 3rd class advancement quest, the experience needed was unimaginably vast.

Yu IlHan now became to thank the connection with other worlds. If he couldn’t enter Dareu, then he would have suffered through a truly long time before his 3rd class advancement.

“I wonder how the others are doing.”

[Well, they should be going for quantity rather than quality.]

He prayed once for Kang MiRae and the other friends who would be returning the former peace, and as always, he asked for Erta’s opinion of the suggested classes.

[Reaper looks like it just enhances the Rookie Reaper’s traits as it is. It will probably be the easiest among the three.]

“Okay, pass.”

[God’s Hammer looks like a unique job related to smithing. It also seems like it’s related to the God of Smithing’s interest in you. There will definitely be enough merit to throw away all the records you have piled up until now.]

“Hmmm…… Pass.”

Yu IlHan rejected even the 2nd option after a little bit of thought. In regards to the blessing of the God of Smithing, he judged that he wouldn’t regret it even if he chose God’s Hammer as his job, but it would definitely be lacking in the aspect of battle. It also wouldn’t be harmonious with Yu IlHan’s best ability, concealment.

Decisively, blacksmiths can be chosen as a sub-class. Even if he couldn’t, Yu IlHan had the confidence to make good equipment using his own skills. So, he rejected it.

[So that’s one now.]

Blazing Reaper. The word ‘blaze’ implied things such as flames and brilliant flashes. Maybe due to it being spelled starting with the same letter B as Blurred Lancer, Yu IlHan remembered some painful thoughts, but he shook it off.

It wasn’t that there wasn’t an ominous meaning within the word Blazing, but this time, Yu IlHan’s achievements and records were too clear.

“Are the battles I’m doing quite influential to the choices?”

[It isn’t just that. Not to mention Eternal Flame, wouldn’t your armor and the Orochi spear influence it too?]

Yu IlHan was a man who had a lot to do with fire. He hammered away on metal for several hundred years in front of fire, and he also had experience in working with the Eternal Flame. This was probably the result of an explosion in the records he had piled up until now.

[I predict that the reason why Clan Master Kang MiRae of the Lightning God Clan has an overwhelming ability compared to her level is because she has unique jobs specializing in a single attribute. Blazing Reaper is the same. I will say this with conviction now, but I think you need to become the Blazing Reaper.]

“Thanks for the wholehearted advice there.”

[However.]

Erta’s voice turned serious.

[The quest would be of an accordingly absurd high level to the strong powers the class possesses. Do you have the resolve, Yu IlHan?]

“To hell with resolve”

Yu IlHan laughed and pointed towards his surroundings.

“Say that again after looking at the world I’m in.”

Saying that, he chose Blazing Reaper without hesitation. As if it was all ready beforehand, green text started appearing on Yu IlHan’s retina.

[The one that uses a specially strong fire even amongst deathgods that lead everything to its doom, the Blazing Reaper. If you can prove your abilities, the heat of hell shall accompany you. However, to bring hell upon the land, you must prove yourself worthy.]

[A time attack quest activates. You have to complete the following conditions within 4 weeks from now.]

[Killing 3rd class 0/10,000]

[Killing 4th class 0/1,000]

[You will fail to advance to Blazing Reaper if you fail the time attack quest, and you may select another class at that time.]

“Good, I expected that much.”

Muttered Yu IlHan with a refreshing voice.

Of course, this is a 3rd class quest. It’s natural to expect to kill a thousand 4th class!

[……Really?]

“Of course.”

Even in an RPG where the GM is a lunatic, these kind of conditions wouldn’t appear, but this is reality so it’s all reasonable! Well, it sure is comforting that he wasn’t required to instakill them with a surprise attack, isn’t it!

Fuck!

“So, what’s time attack?”

[The recording of achievements are complex. If you clear an arcade game with a single coin, that’s an amazing achievement in itself, but if someone clears it twice as fast as you, also with a single coin, then who’s more amazing? This quest is probably one that judges your ability based on how many enemies you can send to hell in a fixed period of time. I think it’s quite suited to a deathgod’s trial.]

“You…explain things in an easier to understand fashion nowadays.”

He praised Erta and sighed.

These conditions were hard even when done slowly, but clearing it within just 4 weeks… was really, an insurmountable task.

However, what can be done about it? This quest wasn’t something someone else gave him in order to tease him, but the shortcut that the Akashic Record suggested him in order for him to win over the brightest potential within the possibilities he had shown until now.

It didn’t matter even if he didn’t do the quest. The quest would automatically fail after 4 weeks, and replacing the potential of a Blazing Reaper would be the easier paths, a normal Reaper or a God’s Hammer.

However,such shameful methods weren’t to Yu IlHan’s liking.

The sense of achievement would be bigger as the given tasks are harder.

Yu IlHan thought back to the time when he instakilled the Troll Boss, and the time when he defeated the Orochi after a long battle. He assured himself that he would be able to win over such a moment again.

He silently took out a bloodrink cheer pack and bit on it – he planned to replace sleep using reset energy. Although, it was questionable whether his stock of bloodrink would last until he cleared Dareu.

“Let’s go hunt. We’re going non-stop this time. Reta!”

[I understand. I will immediately……]

Reta’s voice became fainter. Even though she just had to activate the magic formation, she was somehow hesitating.

“What’s the problem?”

[N, no, This can’t be possible. There’s no way……]

“Stop making me irritated and speak.”

At Yu IlHan’s urging, Reta replied in the most confused voice since the meeting.

[I, I think there are……elf survivors.]

Momentarily, thousands of scenarios occurred in Yu IlHan’s head, before disappearing. He calmly adjusted and reconfirmed with Reta.

“You couldn’t feel them until now, but why so suddenly?”

[Although I did tell you that I can see everything that has a foot on this continent, in practice, it’s impossible to simultaneously read the information of all life forms.]

“Yes.”

It was natural once he thought about it. Yu IlHan resented himself for thinking that it was possible just because Reta told him so, and asked.

“So, how do you read it?”

[You set a target. For example, dragonkin, and 3rd class, like that. After acquiring information like that, I would select the position you would move to, and at this time, I’d analyze all the surrounding environment.]

“Aha.”

A reasonable method.

[Now too. I just found the closest dragonkin den, and I was analyzing all information on the surroundings. However……]

“There were elves.”

[Yes.]

Reta’s voice was trembling. She also should have found it hard to believe that there were survivors. Yu IlHan could also feel the depth of her emotions.

“Erta, how did this come about? You said they were extinct.”

[You wouldn’t believe me even if I said that the management angel of this world confirmed the extinction before leaving, would you? Yes. I also don’t know.]

Yu IlHan sighed. Now that he had a quest he had to finish in 4 weeks, he really had no room to think about other things but……

“You want to confirm it, right?”

[……Yes.]

Yu IlHan could only laugh at her honest answer.

Since this was an important matter, Yu IlHan also wanted to help her if it was for a little bit. Wasn’t it all thanks to Reta that he could hunt dragons so quickly?

“Let’s go there then. However, this will be the only time. Even if there are other survivors, I will only help you after the quest is over.”

[I thank you even with just that. Then we shall move right away. There are at least 30 3rd class dragonkin so please be prepared to fight.]

Even though she knew that there was no way Yu IlHan’s concealment would be seen through, Reta warned him just in case he made a mistake before activating the formation. The formation transferred them without a single moment of delay.

It was a dark, stuffy cave.

“It’s a cavern again. Hah, they sure like caves. This is a bad battle environment for them too.”

[Well, would they have calculated your ambushes?]

Sighed Erta.

Monstrous concealment ability, and a just as OP combination of bloodrink, Transcendent Regeneration, and Superhuman Strength allowed Yu IlHan to have an absurd continuous battle power, which was currently obliterating the dragonkin of Dareu continent.

Their naive thought of thinking that there was no way a single human would attack their abode, was leading to their extinction.

[Caves are the best places to store treasures. Moreover, most dragonkin are huge and cannot live in human or elven habitats.]

[Dragonkin are mostly lazy. You should know since you’ve hunted them until now, but unless someone ticks them off, they enjoy lying down.]

Upon Reta’s explanation after Erta’s, Yu IlHan nodded his head. They were lazy things that did nothing but lie down, but their desire for power also was overflowing, and were called disasters once people met them.

Well, Yu IlHan himself had hunted over 20 thousand of them, so he knew that much.

The record that was earned after hunting a monster was, despite not being an information made of readable text, it was something that changed Yu IlHan’s soul from its roots. A record that’s engraved not in the brain but on the body itself. The contact of Akashic Record was like that.

‘I think it’s also the first time I’m killing so many monsters of one kind.’

Was it due to that? Yu IlHan could naturally understand about dragonkin while moving.

It was reasonable to become used to them when killing many of the same species. Even though there was no change to his status after becoming level 99, Yu IlHan’s hunting speed gradually became faster.

There was something that he didn’t understand precisely because he now understood more about dragonkin.

However, it wouldn’t make a difference even if he spoke about it anyway, so he just buried it in a corner of his heart; believing that his suspicion would be cleared sometime after he cleared Dareu.

[Krrraaa]

[Krrr]

There really were a lot of dragonkin, like what Reta said. Moreover, their levels also neared 180. Not only that, they had the biggest and hardest bodies amongst the dragonkin he had seen until now, so even with Yu IlHan’s Black bone giant spear, it looked difficult for him to kill them in single strikes.

Just that,

[How lazy they seem. They seem to be the stereotype of dragonkin.]

[Well, they’re doomed to never advance to 4th class if they’re like that.]

Like what Erta and Reta said, they were stiff still in their places. He wondered why there were elf survivors near such a dangerous place, but he now realized right away.

Not only did they not have to worry about the approach of other monsters af there was a considerably strong monster nearby, those ‘considerably strong’ monsters were those that slept 24/7!

“Well, at this point, I feel kinda sorry for killing them.”

However, even while saying that Yu IlHan was gripping his spear tightly. Monsters were in the end, dangerous existences. Just because a tiger was sleeping didn’t mean that one could become friends with them.

Yu IlHan violently moved his body. The Purple Flame burning on his spear roared as if to grill those sleeping dragonkin immediately as the spear pierced a head in an instant!

[Kyaaak!]

“Damn.”

He felt like he could instakill them with a critical hit, but too bad. Yu IlHan poured a lot of Purple Flame into the body using his spear and jumped into the air.

Meanwhile, the dragonkin who just woke up due to the roars of its colleague were lifting their bodies, but their slowness was like they were having a marathon with a sloth!

[Kirrrk]

[Khrr…… Huuumaaakkk……?]

[Whhhyyy iiisssh onnne iiin Daaareeeuuu…….?]

So they can speak! Well, ‘speak’ but not a human language but a language of dragons, but since Yu IlHan had a max level language skill, they were naturally translated in his ears.

However, that was even more painful for him. Even old men playing poker wouldn’t speak so slow!

Listening to them pissed him off! Even though the information might be important, but he didn’t even want to listen now!

[Invaaassszzionnn alllreaaadyyy…..?]

[Thhheee Looordddssszz……!]

Speaking suspicious things, the dragonkin completely lifted their bodies up. At that time, Yu IlHan decided.

“Ah, forget it. I’ll just kill you and listen from 4th class ones later.”

[Khhh! Khhha!]

The dragon ambushed by Yu IlHan in the beginning tried to do something about him while flapping its wings and scraping its front claws, but this cavern maybe suited for the dragons to sleep, but wasn’t suitable for a fight. So, it met its death after Yu IlHan’s continuous strikes.

It had no health to endure with since Yu IlHan continuously struck with critical hits while voiding all of its attacks.

[You have earned 65,938,984 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 181 Lesser Dragon.]

“Finally, a dragon in the name.”

[The flow of mana doesn’t seem normal. Some of the remaining lesser dragons may use magic. Please be careful!]

Yu IlHan wordlessly nodded to Erta’s words. There were many dragonkin that he had fought that used magic until now, so he was naturally prepared for it.

All dragonkin over 3rd class had a wonder in their body in one form or another, and they mostly manifested through magic.

Magic related to sensing, magic that attacked directly with fire, water or rocks, magic that threw processed mana, all the way through to magic that directly caused anomalies in Yu IlHan’s body by creating negative energy from mana.

However, Yu IlHan’s method of counteraction was the same for all of them. First, he somehow distracted the enemy in order to enter concealment, before recovering completely and doing a surprise attack to kill.

It wasn’t that much different this time.

[Khaaa? The intruder……?]

[Cannn’t seee…….]

After realizing that they couldn’t move around easily in the cavern, the Lesser Dragons all prepared their mana to attack with magic, but they tilted their head after noticing that the enemy’s presence had disappeared.

5 seconds had passed after Yu IlHan killed the first Lesser Dragon.

[Concealing yourself in 5 seconds in front of the enemy……]

[Don’t say it. It’s more frustrating.]

There was one thing that they didn’t know yet.

LIke how the high concentration of mana of Dareu strengthened the dragonkin, it also strengthened Yu IlHan, and concealment was still a target of the enhancement.

Yu IlHan leapt with concealment that was a level stronger. His two eyes were directed towards the Lesser Dragons that were looking around the surroundings.

11 minutes, was the time it took for him to clear things up.



Chapter 86

After finishing off all the dragonkin within the cavern, Yu IlHan collected their dead bodies and checked on his injuries.

No matter how great his concealment was, it was impossible to finish off all of them without an injury, as seen by the fact that his cheeks were slightly burnt and his shoulders had frost on them.

“I have a fire-specialized armor, so should I make an ice one next? I will swap them according to the situation.”`

There was no need to be bent on making high ranked equipments. In the future, Yu IlHan’s enemies would have their own attributes, so if he could prepare several equipments that specialized in each attribute, then what would he fear!

[It sounds like you’re getting spec’ed up for a raid.]

“*ehem*”

Flinching at Erta’s sharp comment, he still managed to calmly treated his injuries. Of course, these were all at a level that could be solved with bloodrink and transcendent regeneration. This was the reason why Yu IlHan could achieve easy victories against 3rd classes even without rest.

“I think I really need to do something with the dragon’s blood later. It will definitely become something damned good, perhaps better than the bloodrink from troll’s blood.”

[Well the effect may be damned good, but your life may be doomed.]

“Well, I just need to raise my extreme poison resistance.”

Yu IlHan Erta had their normal, idiotic banter and was resting from the battle fatigue, when Reta, the observer sighed a little.

[If I had abilities like yours, then it wouldn’t just have been a dream to save Dareu.]

Reta’s voice contained deep resentment and regret at her own lack of ability.

Yu IlHan wondered what he should tell her. You’ve never been alone for a thousand years so shut up – and retort? Or console her?

Judging that they were both wrong, Yu IlHan just licked his lips. Although the counterpart made a mistake in words, retorting about it meant that he would be making the same mistake.

Instead, he said this.

“We’ve cleaned this part up, so let’s go meet the elf survivors. It’s the hope you’ve found.”

[……Yes. Let’s do that. Thank you.]

Reta’s voice contained a hint of hope again. This was perhaps the first time Yu IlHan had chosen the correct choice of words, as he never ever chosen a correct option even in games due to his lack of interaction with other people. This was a milestone of growth that would have been impossible without Lita or Erta.

They left the cavern and charged throughout the wide mountains. Did everything become like this after continuous Great Cataclysms? Dareu had a bigger everything than Earth. Higher mountains, bigger trees, and even bigger flowers.

“Interestingly, there are no monsters around here.”

[Although they may be nothing to you, the aura of 3rd class dragonkin are supposed to be frightening. To the point that it would be impossible for non-intelligent monsters to resist.]

Yu IlHan had no tracking ability, but since Reta could find exactly where the elves were hiding, he ran in a straight line without the need to side track. At one moment, Yu IlHan also succeeded in sensing the presences of the elves on his own.

“Mm?”

“What is it”

That was also when he heard voices. The place where the elves were hiding became clear. They had dug out nearby trees and lived inside them. The number was 13, and they were all skin and bones.

“No, I thought the alarm magic trembled for a moment.”

“But it’s not broken. Dragons would never use such a soft method.”

It wasn’t that they had perfectly sensed Yu IlHan’s presence, but their magic seemed to have registered a moment of unfamiliarity. Realizing again that magic wasn’t to be looked down upon, Yu IlHan dropped himself in the middle of the trees.

“I can’t feel anything. Save up energy rather than speaking. There’s still time until the ones who went out to hunt food to come back.”

“Shit, how much longer do we have to live like this?”

Seeing how they didn’t notice Yu IlHan even though he was right in front of them, it seemed like the alarm magic only amounted to that much.

Since something may go wrong, Yu IlHan first checked their danger levels, and confirmed that they were all below level 50 or just above, before releasing his concealment.

In fact, he felt quite proud being able to dispel his own concealment, but he didn’t show it on the outside. Erta would tease him if he did.

“What!?”

“I, it’s a human!”

“Humans should all have died. Isn’t it a dragon’s transformation?”

All 13 elves in that area instantly went into panic. The elves hiding within the trees all rushed out and attempted to escape without the slightest hesitation.

It would be a lie to say that he didn’t feel bad for them, but unlike his impression, Yu IlHan moved ruthlessly. He caught each one of them and smacked them before throwing them to one side.

“I will finish you without pain if you stay still!”

“*Hiccup!”

[That’s a complete villain’s line!]

Nodding at Erta’s comment, Yu IlHan changed his line.

“Oh, you’re right. Then. It will be over in a flash so just close your eyes. *creepy laugh*”

[That’s even worse! You’re doing this on purpose, aren’t you!]

“You realized that now?”

Yu IlHan moved busily even under Erta’s scolding after she realized his intentions. No matter how much the elves struggled, they were dancing on the top of Yu IlHan’s palm, so it took only 18 seconds for the situation to clear up.

The elves that were thrown against the tree cried tears of sadness as if they had lost all hope, while looking straight at Yu IlHan. The scene was strangely… erotic.

Even though there were more men than women here, how come he thought of an ominous scene in an ominous anime... Yu IlHan cursed himself for thinking that it was worth coming here just for this scene, but perhaps due to his higher curse resistance, nothing happened.

“Wh, who are you!”

“Is this the legendary polymorph? D, damned dragons……!”

“Ki, kill us! We will never leak the positions of our colleagues!”

Even though he had done nothing other than just making them stay put, he ended up learning that there were others. Yu IlHan seriously considered becoming a detective, and spoke to them.

“It’s up to you to believe it, but I am a human that’s hunting dragonkin in Dareu continent after my interests coincided with that of Reta Kar’iha.”

“Reta Kar’iha!? The last hero of the continent……”

“You really are human?”

Their eyes all widened. There was no way they could obediently believe in Yu IlHan’s words after their lifestyle until now.

“No, we can’t believe you. You’re a dragon!”

“The ones that made Reta Kar’iha like that are also you dragons! We will never believe in you!”

“Okay, then don’t. Though, I did have something to ask, it’s fine since I confirmed that there are intelligent species surviving.

Yu IlHan’ turned around to leave. Due to his clean entrance and a clean exit, the elves instead became confused.

“Didn’t you come here because you wanted something!?”

“Don’t tell me you’re planning to kill us all at the same time when our colleagues come back!”

“It will never go your way!”

Even though Yu IlHan had spoken nothing, they revealed everything about themselves.

When he really tried to leave without doing anything, the elves instead became confused and grabbed him.

“W, wait! If you really aren’t a dragon but a human, then I want to hear your reason in coming here!”

“Heh!”

Just as planned.

[It’s not that you’re doing something bad, but how can you have such an evil smile…]

[Splendid communication skills.]

Vaguely listening to Reta’s praises that didn’t suit her personality, Yu IlHan turned around towards the elves. It was good that his helmet prevented the elves from seeing his expression.

“I got a request from Reta Kar’iha. She thought that she was the last elf, but now that there are survivors here, she was wondering why it is so.”

“How can a human……”

“Reta Kar’iha is dead. How can she……?”

“Through some methods, I’m accompanying her thoughts. Do I have to prove this? Would it be enough proof if I show you that the magic formation the empire created is controlled by me?”

There was no better proof. With Reta’s light test, the elves all instantly acknowledged Yu IlHan in their hearts. They knew very well about Reta Kar’iha, their last hero.

“We couldn’t help her because we were too weak. It really is a sad thing.”

“But we were scared of death. We could only hide like what they……”

“So, how are you all alive?”

Yu IlHan asked them again. Even though he thought that there was a huge secret involved, one of the elves gave an answer without hesitation.

“The people that called themselves ‘the Garden of Sunset’ hid us, saying that our world is not fated to end yet……”

What the… what was that childish name that sounded like a common guild name in a game he played in elementary school? Yu IlHan became confused, but Erta seemed like she had an inkling.

[The Garden of Sunset is a group of higher existences that claim that they have the power to read the future, and do mysterious things. Well, they don’t openly oppose us like the Destruction Demon Army and the Army of Brilliant LIght, but they move around in such a strange fashion to the point that we’d rather have them openly oppose us.]

“Hmm, so it’s like a cult.”

[This matter is the same. Like how they are Transcenders, it would be difficult for them to directly influence a lower world, so they should have contacted the exceptional ones.]

“Thanks. You’re really the best, Ertawagon.”

At that point, Yu IlHan was becoming more and more unsettled.

The reason was very simple.

Like what Erta said just now, the ones ‘belonging’ to the Garden of Sunset must be lower existences, but not elves, yet strong enough to the point that higher existences chose to contact them. However, as far as he knew, there was only one kind that fit the criteria near here.

Well, until a moment ago, it did.

“So, it was a dragonkin that hid you here?”

The ones that brought the elves to ruin was definitely dragonkin. However, if there was anyone that could protect the elves away from their sight? That also cannot be anyone but the dragonkin.

“Yes. The tens of dragonkin that live near here! They said that they are under orders of Garden of Sunset and helped us hide.”

“Oooh! So it really was like that!”

They’re doomed!

“I knew it felt a little off to kill them!”

[And here, you killed them ruthlessly too.]

Of course, he had no regrets. If he had to check for ally or enemy for every monster he met, then he would be the first one to die. Moreover, there was no way he could have imagined that dragonkin were protecting the elves.

He wasn’t trying to give himself indulgence. From long before Earth met its Great Cataclysm, Yu IlHan had long since set his resolve on living selfishly. From the moment he was left on Earth with just Lita.

It was just that he became slightly worried that other things may interfere his smooth sailing situation.

“Won’t I end up going against those Garden of Sunset guys at this rate?”

[They cannot touch you directly. No, they said they could read the future, so they perhaps already knew that the dragonkin will be killed by you. There’s nothing for you to worry about. It will just be a pain for us.]

“Then that’s fine.”

Yu IlHan shrugged his shoulders. Now that he had massacred the ones belonging to the Garden of Sunset, there was no way he could know what they were up to, nor did he care about it.

The only objective Yu IlHan had when coming over to Dareu was to obliterate the dragonkin! There was no need for him to take interest in other matters. He just had to fulfill his original objective.

“Then just keep hiding here.”

“Wh, what about you?”

“Well, I have no intentions in leaking where you live, so don’t worry. Oh, but if you tell anyone that you saw me, then I’ll definitely kill you.”

“*Hiccup!*”

Yu IlHan answered the elves and turned back before asking Reta if it was fine now.

Reta said she was satisfied.

[Even if it’s to let them live in peace, we need to kill all the remaining dragonkin. Please help, Yu IlHan-nim.]

“Leave it to me.

Although he was a rookie, wasn’t it Yu IlHan’s field of expertise as a deathgod?

Reta acquired more motivation after learning that there were still members of her own race left. Yu IlHan left once again with her and Erta, who was facepalming while thinking about what the Garden of Sunset was up to again.

Even though he had predicted that he would be facing 4th class dragons before he managed to finish the 3rd class dragonkin off, regardless of whether Yu IlHan was obliterating dragonkin or not, or whether he was simply walking around the continent, the dragonkin in Dareu did not notice Yu IlHan’s hunt.

Nothing happened to the formation either. The journey was smooth to the point that Yu IlHan was slightly disappointed.

17 days had passed.

Yu IlHan had finished killing 10 thousand 3rd class that the class advancement quest required him to, and he finally resolved to go against the 4th class dragonkin.



Chapter 87

Translation changes: spearmanship – spear master, etc)

“So I have to kill 1000 of them in 11 days now, huh. I’ve got sooo much time.”

[Why don’t you just cry honestly?]

Leaving room for some unforeseen circumstances, he had to kill about 100 per day. Thinking back on the battle against the Orochi, he felt blinded just by wondering how he would go about doing this.

Reta consoled the Yu IlHan who was losing energy even before the fight.

[The Orochi could be said to be much stronger compared to its level. Its Purple Flame was even more so. However, the dragons in Dareu aren’t like that. 800 of them are just over lv 200, and 100 of them are only around lv 210.]

“That’s very heartening. By the way, what about the rest?”

[The rest are all above level 220. ……There are many that are stronger than the Orochi.]

For someone like Yu IlHan who had decided to exterminate all the dragonkin, this number made him laugh.

No matter how much record he had piled up inside his body in order to fight dragons, would it even be possible to kill those frightening creatures like swatting flies?

Against those that would bring hell upon Earth even if a single one was called to Earth?

“Well, I can only try to find out.”

Yu IlHan steeled his heart before sighing and stood up.

Starting from 3rd class was literally a superhuman’s realm.

Countless people hit a wall while advancing to 3rd class, but once they did go over that wall, they would be respected as a part of the country’s battle power. If getting 3rd class was easy, then the meaning and the glory of attaining it would also dissipate.

Of course, Yu IlHan was currently doing an especially cruel quest even amongst 3rd class advancement quests, but he decided to not think about it. This had appeared since he had achieved so many things until now, who could he blame?

“Well, let’s start from the lowest levelled ones.”

Yu IlHan requested Reta for the formation’s activation and took out two 3rd class magic stones. This was because the number of 2nd class magic stones and 3rd class ones were beginning to equalize.

He had to leave some 2nd class magic stones behind in order to make higher ranked weapons for Vanguard, or so he was his reasoning when he decided to use 3rd class magic stones.

[You will be able to do it. If it’s the one I, Reta Kar’iha, have chosen. Definitely.]

Declared Reta in a firm tone. Her words somehow gave Yu IlHan some energy.

He didn’t realize because he was in a cave, but it was currently midday. Sunlight was shining down across the entire expanse of Dareu, soft winds were blowing, and the trees that grew there were swaying gently in the wind accompanied by the sounds of rustling leaves; all in all, it gave off a fantastical vibe.

[mmm?]

Just as Yu IlHan was admiring the scenery from where he was transferred to, a voice could be heard.

It was none other than a dragonkin, and a dragon that had acquired 4th class. Yu IlHan looked around to find it, and found out he had no need to.

[I thought I sensed mana ripples. Did I perhaps mistake it?]

That was because the size of its body was big enough to cover half of the landscape in his view. The figure was literally like a dragon ripped straight off a story book.

A lizard’s head, coupled with frighteningly sharp teeth in its mouth. The scales that covered its huge body shone red under the sun, while the bat-like wings that seemed…..underdeveloped for flight was neatly folded up behind its back.

Everything that made up the dragonkin’s body had a large amount of mana dwelling in it. Yu IlHan was just beginning to comprehend the method of control over that energy, but the 4th class dragonkin was controlling mana as naturally as it was breathing.

Thanks to that, it could activate magic whenever it wanted to. In other words, it was always on guard and this was probably the true form of the race of magic.

Although it might be superior in terms of physical strength, it was impossible for the Orochi to do that. It only shot out its boiling energy out as magic bullets, and it was just happened that they were absurdly strong.

The dragon in front of him had a bigger body than 3rd class dragonkin, but was overwhelmingly smaller when compared to the Orochi. Well, by the 4th class, many things end up changing even with just a single level.

He couldn’t even imagine how strong 5th class would be, if 4th classes were like this! But the most important thing now was to fight the dragon in front of him.

As expected of a dragon, it had even read a trace of the magic formation’s activation. Even though it should have been meticulously hidden thanks to Yu IlHan’s concealment ability!

[Hmm, there are no changes.]

However, it was, as expected, impossible for it to see through Yu IlHan’s concealment. After confirming, the dragon laid its body on the land again.

Having overwhelmingly strong ability in and of itself, was a weakness. That was because of the increasing arrogance due to knowing one’s own power. The same went for the dragon in front of him.

Even after sensing a ripple in mana, when it couldn’t find any changes to its surroundings, it just went ‘okay let’s go back to sleep’ and closed its eyes. That kind of thought process and action was insufficient to survive against a stronger enemy.

Like now.

[Will you be alright with just that!?]

Just as Yu IlHan was approaching it, Erta checked with him in shock. He was only holding a single spear in his hand.

[You’ve even prepared tools for hunting them!]

“I need to kill 100 of those things a day. I’ll never make it if I have to install them every time.”

Tools referred to harpoons, landmines and other installable tools, and was made by him when he was making other equipment in preparation to go to Dareu, after he had recreated the Heavenly Cloud Gathering Sword. They were made with the many bones of the Orochi, and the newtype Giant’s Rubber Band made from its muscles and tendons.

Their common point was their definitive binding power and pre-preparation. If he had to rely on them from those just over level 200, then he was sure that he would fail the mission. What Yu IlHan needed now was speed.

Yu IlHan charged towards the dragon that looked like it had fallen asleep. As he was already activating Superhuman Strength skill with the use of mana, his muscles were expanding to its limits within the armor.

Not just that, Angels’ Support was stably increasing his abilities by 30%, and the dragonslayer title he had acquired after killing the Orochi increased all of his abilities by 10% against dragonkin.

As he was doing a surprise attack, all abilities of the deathgod were in effect, and the Black Bone Giant Spear in his hand was a dragon-killing-specialized weapon.

Yes, Yu IlHan was riddled with special buffs at the moment.

In this Abandoned World, when doing a surprise attack, and although only in effect when going up against dragonkin, his specs were miraculously, not inferior to a 4th class.

His passive skills were perfect as well. His Spear Mastery, Concealment, and most other battle skills were at max level. In that regard, he could be said to be superior to other 4th class beings.

Then, there was only one problem left, which was the active skills. No matter how good his specs were, what good would it be without a strong strike?

As he knew that, he chose the weight transfer of the Cross Bag.

Never had Yu IlHan grabbed a blacksmith’s hammer in Dareu continent. As such, the tens of thousands of dragonkin he had killed until now were all still within his Cross bag.

Its weight was truly horrifying, and so, would give an amount of tremendous damage whether the opponent had a tough body, or could wield mana well. Cross Bag could be said to be Yu IlHan’s strongest weapon.

When he approached closer, Yu IlHan jumped to his heart’s content. As if being rewarded for all the fights he did in the stuffy caves, he jumped hundreds of meters in an instant!

[The skill, Leap, has become Lv 38.]

Perhaps the Akashic Record understood his stifling feelings, as the skill level increased refreshingly. The Leap skill generated an additional leap in mid-air when it was level 20, so he wondered what kind of changes there would be when it became level 40.

Expectations were expectations, and his attack began.

Yu IlHan gripped his spear tight with his left arm and posed himself in mid-air to draw back his spear fully, before shooting right at the moment the dragon moved around its body. Of course, the moment his spear left his hand, he didn’t forget to transfer the weight of the Cross Bag to the spear.

The beautiful straight line that Kang MiRae and Na YuNa absent-mindedly watched last time occurred again, but this time, with much more destructive power.

The Black bone giant spear that left Yu IlHan’s hand shot towards the ground as if it was going back to the place it was supposed to be, and hit exactly the head of the dragon that was just about to fall asleep!

Of course, tens of thin membranes shot out from the skin before the attack landed, but the spear weighing tens of thousands of tons destroyed everything and embedded itself deeply into the head. Purple Flame invaded through the wound too! This was an attack that Yu IlHan would never want to have to deal with.

[Critical HIt!]

[Kwaaak!]

Its screams were music to his ears, but he would be struck down if he kept listening to it. This dragon was different from the all-brawns Orochi. It was a true 4th class grown with time!

So, Yu IlHan moved immediately. The moment he confirmed that the attack had succeeded, he used Re-leap to kick off the air and leave that place. Immediately after that, a beam of light pierced through where he was.

[I don’t know who you are, but since you’ve enraged me you……!]

However, the dragon couldn’t speak anymore. That was because Yu IlHan had used Re-leap to charge towards it in frontal assault. Yu IlHan’s shooting body did not have a less beautiful trajectory compared to his spear.

[…will die!]

Noticing the situation quite fast, it shot out several magic that looked like beams of light. Thanks to Yu IlHan doing a frontal assault, the trajectory of magic that it had produced could also only be simple. It was all according to Yu IlHan’s wishes.

Using the remote collection feature of his Cross Bag, Yu IlHan called out several sturdy shields. They were unique ranked shields made from Orochi’s bones and coated with its skin, and was the tool that he had spent the most effort on.

Thousands of the same item, too!

“This is the fortress of iron, the Iron Fortress!”

[I can feel the dark darkness force from it!]

The beam crashed head on with the shield. The first was pierced easily, and the second held out for a little before being pierced, but that was it. Yu IlHan was outside the effective range of the magic.

[You have a strange ability despite being human!]

“Ah, you’re loud. Would it kill you to fight with your mouth closed?”

Not remembering the embarrassing line he just said, Yu IlHan grumbled. However, before the dragon could use the next magic, Yu IlHan had already arrived at its head and was holding the spear embedded on it.

“Haaap!”

Of course, weight transfer was dispelled. Yu IlHan pulled out the spear and struck the wound with a stronger force.

[Critical Hit!]

[Khwaaak!]

It seemed painful as it rampaged around while breathing out fire. However, as he was strengthened after his battle with the Orochi, Yu IlHan didn’t even flinch.

The problem was that, tens of magic formations emitting light was created in the air and started to surround Yu IlHan.

A phenomenon only a dragon could cause because they learned high magic over a long period of time that humans cannot use!

With the magic formations that looked like they would shoot out all sorts of magic at any moment, Yu IlHan ended up laughing. Then, he sucked on the bloodrink to heal the aftereffects of the Superhuman Strength skill.

“Well, then, do you think you can injure me before you die?”

[How dare you! Are you looking down on me even though you are a trivial creature that has not stepped out the bounds of human!]

Yu IlHan didn’t even wait for it to finish and pierced its head with his spear again. He was only able to pierce the scales and the skin because of the help of the weight transfer. It would take ages to attack other places.

As such, there was only one method he used to fight against dragonkin – to strike where it hurt!

[You’re full of yourself. Explode with your ambitions and die!]

“Who’s saying it to who?”

Magic bombardment began. It was time to experiment the remote collection technique that Yu IlHan had practiced until now! The problem was that it had to be done at the same time as attacking the dragon.

[Kuoooh!]

Yu Ilhan felt like his head was splitting. He put several shields in succession in the directions he felt mana from, and he evaded the attacks that he couldn’t block without moving and attack at the same time.

In some way, this was the same as the Orochi fight, but what was different was that this dragon’s attacks came from all directions without rest.

Oh, there was one other important thing.

It was weaker than the Orochi by a large amount.

[Critical Hit!]

[Kuhaaak!]

After Yu IlHan struck out his spear with all his might, the dragon couldn’t keep the pain in and screamed when the magic formation dissipated at once.

Huge amount of mana could not take form and dissipated, so it made a mana storm within the winds, but Yu IlHan firmly endured and struck the wound he opened up, yet again.

[Khhk, you, you bastard……!]

“Shut up, I don’t wanna hear excuses after all that!”

In fact, this was to make it unable to do throw another foreshadow.

Yu IlHan chattered while striking several times with his spear to destroy the brain. These actions were fruitful, as in the end, it couldn’t attack Yu IlHan anymore and had to collapse back down again.

This was the moment when Earth’s dropout Yu IlHan had degraded a 4th class dragon into mere prey.

[You have earned 391,993,013 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 200 Dragon.]

[You collect the life force of Dragon through the ability of Death Collector.]

After he confirmed that it had finally died, Yu IlHan collapsed on top of its body. Although he could fortunately kill it in a shorter time than the Orochi, it was still insufficient in his opinion. He had to confront stronger ones from now!

[Yu IlHan, are you alright?]

[Truly……Amazing. You take actions as if you don’t fear death.]

“It’s the opposite. I move because I don’t want to die.”

Replying to Erta and Reta, Yu IlHan had a little rest before starting to sort out the situation. Collection of his spoils of war was one thing, but before that, he had to clean up the things he had taken out using remote collection.

“Let’s see. That’s 72 shields ruined.”

He felt bitter. Although he could use it again as he had repairing materials, but he couldn’t help

the durability going down every time he did so. Of course, wasting time was a bonus.

“I only have a thousand shields. This won’t do.”

Yu IlHan had to kill 1000 dragons within the time limit. If he wasn’t planning to settle down and fix his stuff for every 10 dragons he killed, he had to learn to hunt dragons faster, and more safely.

[Why don’t you try using the corpses of other dragonkin like you did when you fought the Orochi?]

“They should be reasonably big. It’s not that there aren’t any I can use, but I can’t waste my shields just because of that.”

Sighing, he extended his hands towards the dragon’s corpse. Now that he knew that he couldn’t fight this way, he was planning to make something that would accelerate his battle speed using the 4th class dragon’s body in front of him.

If he acquired a 4th class magic stone, then he really might be able to speed up his batt……

There was one.

[A 4th class magic stone!]

[Aah, to think I’d see a 4th class magic stone with my two eyes.]

They were both surprised since Erta knew Yu IlHan’s current level, and Reta had never killed a 4th class dragon in her life.

However, would their surprise be more than Yu IlHan? His mind was in a mess because of all the text that appeared on his retina the moment he grabbed the magic stone.

[Killing 3rd class monsters with a single piercing strike 300/300]

[Killing 3rd class monsters with a single slashing strike 300/300]

[3rd class magic stone 100/100]

[4th class magic stone 1/1]

[The conditions to evolve Spear Mastery has been fulfilled. Will you evolve it?]

A hook came in from somewhere he didn’t expect it to.

Yu IlHan thought that he may just be able to complete this mission.



Chapter 88

Yu IlHan had stopped caring about evolving the skill since some time ago. Why? Because he had thought that it would be ages until he could evolve them.

Whether it was the Spear Mastery or the Sword Mastery, he vaguely thought that he had to kill thousands of 4th class monsters.

As such, he did not consider skill evolution in his short-term planning, and was only planning to use what he had to solve this problem.

[Killing 3rd class monsters with a single piercing strike 300/300]

[Killing 3rd class monsters with a single slashing strike 300/300]

[3rd class magic stones 100/100]

[4th class magic stone 1/1]

However, that wasn’t it. The evolution criteria for Spear Mastery couldn’t have been easier than this. Now that he thought about each of these conditions that popped up since they were fulfilled, he remembered the time when he saw the evolution criteria for Spear Mastery when he just evolved the Resting skill.

Yes. There was the very same text at that time as well. Although there was a difference in number due to the conditions becoming easier, there was no fundamental change in its contents.

“Hah.”

Yu IlHan finally understood what happened to him.

At that time, he shrugged saying those conditions were impossible, and decided to forget about it. And then, he modified, in his heart, those criteria into frightening beings that could never be done!

Like how the fox decided that the grapes were sour just because it couldn’t get to it!

Killing a 3rd class monster with a single strike. With a pierce, with a slash. Both of these were piss easy for Yu IlHan right now, and he had come this far without even being conscious of the conditions.

The evolution for Spear Mastery hadn’t proceeded yet only because he was lacking a 4th class magic stone.

[What is it, Yu IlHan?]

“Nah, I’m just wondering about whether I should exclaim at my own foolishness or be thankful for this wonderfully timed notice.”

Yes, let’s think about it positively. This was the first time he had acquired a 4th class magic stone anyway. Even if he was conscious of the conditions, he couldn’t have evolved the conditions any earlier.

Considering his mistake, the payback was too little to the point of having no damage.

However, this shouldn’t continue from now on. It was a sin to not be conscious and not to use the things he had on his hands.

What if something went wrong and he couldn’t evolve his spear mastery? What if he couldn’t advance to Blazing Reaper because of that? What if he met his death due to that? Yu IlHan wouldn’t be able to forgive himself.

To think he, who had put so much effort in order to survive, wasn’t even aware of his own belongings!

‘Good, now it’s fine.’

Taking a deep breath, Yu IlHan calmed himself down. He was relieved that the problem was dug out before the situation became worse, and resolved that something like this would never happen again.

[I also didn’t know. Evolving martial arts really doesn’t happen that often. And most angels use magic too……]

“I don’t have any intentions on blaming you, Erta. I know that you’re helping me with all you’ve got.”

[Th, that’s not entirely true either.]

[Evolving martial arts… My weapon mastery was only 71 when I died. Truly an amazing talent.]

Erta’s consolation and Reta’s out-of-timing nagging was as usual, but now really wasn’t the time he wanted to listen to them. What he needed now wasn’t people to flatter him.

Yu IlHan first looked back to all the skills he could evolve right now.

“There are none at the moment.”

His maxed out skills were: Spear Mastery, Blunt Weapon Mastery, Physical Combat Mastery, Sword Mastery, Shooting, Throwing, Dismantling, Blacksmithing, and Language.

Amongst these, excluding ones that cannot be evolved any more, and excluding Spear Mastery which is about to go through evolution, there was Blunt Weapon Mastery, Physical Combat Mastery, Sword Mastery, Throwing, and Language. There was only one amongst these that didn’t take a lot of time, which was Throwing.

[Killing 2nd class monsters using a throw 100,000/100,000]

[Killing 3rd class monsters using a throw 10,000/10,000]

[Killing 3rd class monsters using a single throw 100/100]

[Killing 4th class monsters using a throw 1/5]

[3rd class magic stones 400/400]

[4th class magic stones 1/2]

“What the hell, it’s even harder than Spear Mastery?”

[That’s because Throwing skill is more of a support martial arts skill rather than a martial arts skill. Due to that characteristic, it can’t evolve alone but has to fusion evolve, which is why the evolution criteria are harder than most other skills.]

That was true. The other skills were just ‘evolution’s, but only the Throwing skill had the words ‘fusion evolution’ written on it. Fusion? What other skill would it fuse with? He was very curious but he endured for now. He would be able to see it soon anyway.

[What’s more shocking is that you fulfilled most of those conditions.]

“Well, I did use the atlatl to death in Japan.”

Moreover, wasn’t it a throw that he used to kill the Orochi?

Since he had to use a magic stone for the evolution of Spear Mastery, to evolve Throwing, he had to kill an additional 4 4th class monsters with a throw, and acquire 2 more 4th class magic stones.

If it was in the past, he would have shook his head saying it was nonsense, but for the current Yu IlHan, who was in a world full of dragons, it wasn’t so much of a nonsense.

“Well, then.”

He looked forward to evolving the Throwing skill a little, but first came Spear Mastery. Yu IlHan confirmed that he had fulfilled all the criteria for evolving Spear Mastery, before taking in short, deep breaths and wishing that he wanted to evolve his Spear Mastery.

At that moment, 100 3rd class magic stone and a 4th class magic stone in his possession all came out and started emitting light. It was a brilliant light to the point that he was worried that nearby dragons may find him!

No matter how trained his physical body was, he couldn’t even see properly within that blinding light.

“Erta, is this going well?”

[I’m not of a martial faction, so it’s the first time I’m seeing an evolution of martial arts related skills! It would be better if Lita was here!]

[aaah. It’s really an absurd scene.]

These two girls really didn’t help out at all! – thought Yu Ilhan in his heart and waited for the light to dissipate. However, the light didn’t decrease at all, but instead, increased until it devoured the world.

No, it was more correct to say that it had not devoured the world, but Yu IlHan himself.

While Yu IlHan was thinking those things, green text appeared on his retina.

[Pioneering a path of a unique skill as a lower existence. The Akashic Record has realized it as the fastest record. You have acquired the title ‘The Quickest’. Training speed of all skills increase by 10%, and experience earned increases by 10%]

[A unique skill is created from all the records of the human, Yu IlHan.]

[The mastery of the related skill has reached Max. The classification of the skill increases to become an even higher ranked skill.]

[The class of your records are exceptionally higher compared to your level. The skill’s growth accelerates.]

[All records are absorbed. The skill, Spear Master, evolves.]

Although the Akashic Record couldn’t read all of Yu IlHan’s life, his records and achievements were subliming into a definite reward. The texts related to skill evolution were a proof of that.

Yu IlHan successfully remembered.

The days he swung his spear and trained his body while waiting for ‘tomorrow’.

The days where he charged across the world in order to acquire new wisdom and techniques.

Lita’s smile, and the days he did his best to catch up to her level of martial arts.

The days where he endured and endured and gritted his teeth trying to endure even more.

Just as he was trying to understand the meaning of the words that flashed in his head, all the light was sucked into Yu IlHan’s body.

At the same time, the power and records he knew, but couldn’t connect, sublimed into one and struck his mind.

[You have learned the skill, Spear of Undrawable Trajectory.]

[You have fulfilled one of the conditions to acquire a 5th class. The acquiring difficulty of 5th class becomes lower.]

Even though the light had dissipated and he was on the plains, Yu IlHan still had his eyes closed.

Erta and Reta only watched over him in worry, since they didn’t know what had happened to him, Yu IlHan himself wasn’t even conscious of the fact that the light had dissipated, as he was accepting the skill that was engraved onto his body, soul and mind.

He already had experience in evolving skills. Resting skill into Transcendent Regeneration, and Concealment into Deathgod. Both were exceptional skills, but they weren’t so difficult to comprehend.

However, martial arts were different. This wasn’t something that was like a switch, which used 0 and 1 as on and off. He could understand how it happened and how it should be implemented, as it was a result of his own records, understanding and accepting were different concepts.

Even wearing clothes that fit one’s body may feel a little off at first. There was a need for some time to become used to it.

[Yu, Yu IlHan. Are you alright?]

[I think, I feel a wondrous aura.]

“……”

Still with his eyes closed, Yu IlHan picked up his spear. Then, he started swinging it. There was neither form nor formulae to his spear techniques, so there was no set trajectory to the spear he was swinging.

And that, was the most important. That, was the path his martial arts had to take, and was also the core of Yu IlHan’s existence.

1, 2, 4 hours had passed since Yu IlHan started swinging his spear.

Even though he still had to kill 999 more 4th class monsters, he was spending 4 hours doing something. Erta worried that he may fail the quest at this rate, but Yu IlHan didn’t seem to notice the flow in time, as he kept swinging his spear.

[If I knew this would happen, then I should have made him open the barrier before evolving the skill……]

[I also want to enter next time.]

Reta carefully asked when Erta spoke. Erta also thought up of one thing when she said that.

In the barrier made by the Hourglass of Eternity, a god-ranked artifact, only existences with the permission from the owner, Yu IlHan, could enter.

Yu IlHan had subconsciously took Erta and the Eternal Flame into the barrier, and the majority of the thoughts that talked to him could not enter the barrier. It was because they were recognized as a separate existence, regardless of permission.

Perhaps due to that vague recognition, the majority of the thoughts that were silent while the barrier was opening couldn’t enter, unlike the ones who were being loud all the time, like the Orochi. Reta, was one of those victims.

Yu IlHan found it curious that although the life force was with him, the thoughts were treated as a separate existence, but that was it. Since there was nothing he could do with those life force, or thoughts ‘yet’, it wasn’t something he gave much meaning to.

[Ah, Yu IlHan?]

[Yu IlHan-nim?]

At that time, Yu IlHan suddenly stopped his actions. Erta and Reta hurriedly talked to him, but Yu IlHan picked up his spear again as if he didn’t listen to them.

However, this time it was different, as he aimed at a nearby tree rather than swinging in mid-air.

‘I think I got it now.’

He hadn’t swung around his spear meaninglessly. He had tuned his clothes in order to adapt to the clothes quickly. Although he had to spend 4 hours, if he could succeed this strike he was doing now, that much time would become meaningless.

Yu IlHan moved. He held up his spear neither fast nor slow,

and at that moment, the tree was cut apart diagonally and fell down.

[The skill, Spear of Undrawable Trajectory, has become level 3.]

[……Huh?]

It seemed it was true when it said that the skill growth would accelerate – thought Yu IlHan while nodding. Meanwhile, the only higher existence here, Erta, tilted her head.

[I couldn’t recognize your swinging motion.]

[Me neither.]

Just what had happened just now? – Erta had such an expression. To her, Yu IlHan replied while retracting his spear, and with a satisfied face.

“It’s that kind of skill.”

[……]

[……]

Swinging the spear, but swinging so that the trajectory couldn’t be seen. The ones to get struck by it would not be able to know when, or how it was swung. No one would not fear the attack that distorted even cause and effect.

This was a skill only Yu IlHan could learn and implement, as he had reached the maximum in both concealment and the spear, along with other martial arts skills, which allowed him to bring out all the destructive power within the human body. Although it looked like a single skill, it wasn’t one.

Of course, he couldn’t implement such a high ranked skill with his body alone, so he had used up a lot of mana. It was using this much just cutting trees, so he may even run out if it was used to slash dragons.

To use it normally, he would have to mix it within his normal strike, but at this rate, he would have to worry about his mana rather than his level of techniques.

For Yu IlHan, whose only active skills were Concealment and Superhuman Strength until today, this was a big damage. He didn’t mind his magic stat being lower than his other stats, but it seemed like he had to focus on his magic stat’s growth.

[This really is.]

While Yu IlHan was pondering on the pros and cons of his skill, Erta absent-mindedly spoke in shock.

[A skill that’s like you.]

“Hey, don’t say it.”

And here, he wanted to exclaim at his own level of power! She just had to say it!

[Now you’ve concealed even your skills, how pitiful……]

“Shaddap!”

He didn’t want this kind of scene! He wanted his allies to exclaim at his new, wondrous, and powerful skill!

Meanwhile, his ally who could make the reaction he wanted, wasn’t saying anything due to the shock after seeing the severed tree.

Thinking that she was a million times better than Erta who was consoling? or laughing? at him. Yu IlHan took out some 3rd class magic stones and a flask from his Cross Bag. This was the mana potion he had acquired after killing the 4th class mage, Dakié Von Illastra.

He opened the lid to the flask and sipped a little of the potion. As expected of a potion made for a 4th class, Yu IlHan’s mana filled up easily with just that. With that, a single potion would allow Yu IlHan to refill his mana at least 40 times.

He didn’t know whether to rejoice at the potion’s performance, or to despair at his little mana capacity, but there was one sure thing.

“Let’s go, Reta. We’ll be doing things faster now.”

[Yes!]

Despite not possessing a physical body, Reta felt her heart quickening. It was probably due to her expectations rising.

She activated the magic formation in joy, and without fail, a dragon that just entered 4th class, was sleeping.

Yu IlHan charged like the last time, and the time he took to hunt was halved. The more he got used to his spear, the more record of dragons he earned, the speed became faster.

Since 800 of the 4th class dragons were just over 200, they had around the same power.

Finally, doomsday was arriving upon the rulers of Dareu, the dragons.

Thanks to a single loner!



Chapter 89

Spear of Undrawable Trajectory was a unique martial art and a higher-ranked art, so it harbored a fundamentally strong power, but was still quite distant from active skills which brought out enormous destructive power in a single strike.

This skill would give unexpected damage to the enemy by hiding a single strike within numerous trajectories; it didn’t end with just learning the skill, and required intensive training and a battle of wits with the enemy!

“You didn’t see this coming!”

[Kuaaak!]

Also, if he used it well, it was a splendid psychological attack that could make the enemies go mad during battle.

[I’ll kill you!]

A dragon, which received a near-fatal injury to the point that its brain was exposed after being hit by a traceless spear strike on the back of its head, hurriedly flapped its wings while retreating and set up many magic formations.

[Even though I blocked all your attacks! Eeek! I don’t have the time to play with you any more! Die!]

However, what made Spear of Undrawable Trajectory even more vicious was that it was truly perfect when it met his concealment.

The dragon, even though it had poured its magic out in the direction he ‘sensed’ Yu IlHan, could not notice that Yu IlHan had appeared from above, and was attacking his head!

“Where are you slashing? That’s an after image!”

[Critical Hit!]

[Kuaaa! I didn’t slash though!]

Invisible and unfollowable attacks were already plenty scary, but to top it all off, even the attacker may disappear sometimes.

No matter which one it focused on, it would lose the flow of battle the moment it lost even one of them, so the combination of the Spear of Undrawable Trajectory and Concealment could be said to be a miracle.

[Khk, Krrr!]

Focusing on the spear, it would lose sight of the wielder, and focusing on the wielder, it would be struck from the back. No one would be able to understand this dragon’s feelings.

And the ones that could say those feelings had all died. Like now.

[You have earned 405,183,039 experience.]

[The skill, Spear of Undrawable Trajectory, has become level 11.]

[The skill, Superhuman Strength, has become level 40. The duration of the skill increases.]

Yu IlHan drew back his spear and landed before panting. Behind him, a powerless dragon corpse fell down from the air with a thud.

2 days had passed after Yu IlHan had evolved his spear mastery. He finally judged that he became used to using it in battle.

“Fuu, I somehow was able to kill it in 3 minutes.”

No matter how great the conditions were, nobody would have expected that there would come a day when a 2nd class would be able to kill a 4th class dragon within 3 minutes.

Starting from ‘the loner that deceived God’s eyes’, Yu IlHan had reset all the records that were there.

[That’s strange. Even though you won brilliantly, why do I have the urge to hit you on the head?] (Erta)

“That’s because you’re too emotional.”

Replied Yu IlHan, and searched through the dragon’s corpse, but a 4th class magic stone didn’t come out.

He remembered that the drop rate of magic stones was around 17%, but thinking about it now, it was definitely a lie.

Even though he had killed around 300 within the last two days, he had only acquired 7 magic stones. And here they said the drop rate would increase as the class becomes higher!

[It is true that the probability of magic stones appearing becomes higher as the class becomes higher, since more mana will be stored on the body. However, Yu IlHan, dragons are a race that can use mana better than any other. Of course, there’s a lower chance of magic stones agglomerating within the body instead.] (Erta)

“Instead?”

[Mana flows everywhere in their body, so their body itself is a good material for artifacts. Also, the ever-famous Dragon HEART are treated as one of the best even amongst magic stones.]

Dragon HEART! Yu IlHan’s heart started pounding after he remembered talking about magic stones with Erta a while back.

“Then do you mean that all the 4th class dragons I killed have the best magic stones?”

[Of course not. They are rarely seen even amongst 5th class dragonkin. Dragon HEARTs are even rarer than magic stones, since the hearts of dragons have to undergo a special evolution through the use of mana. If you want to acquire a Dragon HEART from a 4th class dragon, you would really have to be lucky.] (Erta)

“Ao, really. Don’t make a person’s heart flutter and mention it beforehand!”

[You’re the cutest when you’re frustrated like that!] (Erta)

She learnt all the wrong things while hanging out with Lita! – grumbled Yu IlHan.

“Let’s go to the next place. I got used to the spear, so I should go for the next one.”

[What?]

“Evolving Throwing.”

There was no end to Yu IlHan’s desire to become strong. Of course, all of this was happening with the simple objective of ‘surviving’, but his endless driving force was worth praising.

It was impossible currently to kill dragons through just Throwing. However, fortunately, there was no absurd condition of instakilling them through Throwing, so he only had to finish them off through it.

In fact, Yu IlHan wanted to fulfill most other requirements for evolving other skills while he had the ability to kill 4th class here in Dareu, but Throwing was the only thing he came up with.

Physical Combat, Blunt Weapon Mastery, and Sword Mastery all had conditions that requied him to kill 3rd class in a single strike in a specific move of that Mastery, which made Yu IlHan despair.

“Well, I’ll just do it against the remaining dragonkin after I finish the mission.”

[Just take everything, huh.]

Since he only had to do the final strike with a Throw, the evolution criteria was fulfilled quickly.

He just had to run back and throw when the dragons seemed like they would die.

There were times when the dragon died first since he was out of time, but after around 30 minutes, he could splendidly fulfill the requirements.

[Killing 2nd class monsters using a throw 100,000/100,000]

[Killing 3rd class monsters using a throw 10,000/10,000]

[Killing 3rd class monsters using a single throw 100/100]

[Killing 4th class monsters using a throw 5/5]

[3rd class magic stones 400/400]

[4th class magic stones 2/2]

[The conditions to fuse-evolve the skill, Throwing, have been fulfilled. Will you evolve the skill?]

“Yes. Let me have an easier life too!”

Yu IlHan evolved Throwing without hesitation. Immediately, a slightly different text appeared on his retina from before.

[Fusion evolution requires a max level of a sub skill. You can use the skill, Shooting, as a sub skill. Will you fuse-evolve the skills, Throwing and Shooting?]

Yu IlHan finally understood what Erta said before after that text appeared. He also learned why twice as many 4th class magic stones were used too.

Well, he was fusing two maxed out skills, so it was obvious he’d need two!

Shooting skill was awakened when he used firearms before, and the skill level was of course, max. Since there was no possibility for evolution, he just kept it there, but something like this had happened. Yu IlHan could only be delighted.

He proceeded the skill evolution without hesitation, and immediately, brilliant light and a strange feeling enveloped him. This was an awakening that was half-way between when Resting evolved and when Spear Mastery evolved.

However, the evolution was splendid as well.

[You have learned the skill, Absolute Accuracy; range, accuracy and power dramatically increases when shooting or throwing, and increases as the skill increases in level. You can use a large quantity of mana to unconditionally hit a target.]

It was not really unexpected. He vaguely thought that shooting and throwing raised to the extreme would end up as something like this. However, it wasn’t that he wasn’t surprised.

The effects of the skill, both passive and active, was too strong for him to accept normally.

“Gungnir!?”

[I was wondering why you didn’t say that at first.]

A feeling of omnipotence filled up Yu IlHan’s whole body. To think he’d be able to act out a miracle that was from an artifact in myths! How could he not be happy?

[It’s not invincible. You do know that Odin from Norse mythology with the sure-hit spear, Gungnir, was done in by the Fenrir, right?] (Erta)

“That calms me down a little.”

Fortunately, he didn’t end up throwing spears for four hours in order to adapt to the spear. This skill was characteristically different to the unique skill, Spear of Undrawable Trajectory, and since his battles started with him throwing the spear, he had plenty of chances to adapt during battles.

In that progress, Yu IlHan became sad that he couldn’t actively use Absolute Accuracy, due to the lack of mana, but just evolving to a higher ranked skill showed splendid performance. It was even more splendid when it was harmonized with Concealment and Spear Mastery.

Having become stronger, Yu IlHan started hunting the dragons even faster, and after a week, he had annihilated most of the dragons that were just over level 200.

[Killing 3rd class 10,000/10,000]

[Killing 4th class 816/1,000]

And that was also the point when Yu IlHan’s existence was discovered by the dragons.

It wasn’t through the magic formation, but because it became known that the dragons were almost annihilated by him.

[To think that the continent’s magic formation is still active!]

[Who are you! Where were you hiding until now only to appear now!]

Yu IlHan was scared stiff by the group of dragons that came at him and ran. One of the dragons looked very painful with red blood shooting out from its head, but if he stopped, he would become the same.

“Even though there was only one! Do these guys use instantaneous movement or something!?”

[Well, if they’re 4th class, why not? Even so, it’s not as OP as the magic formation. You can do it!] Erta)

Erta, who became drunk in Yu IlHan’s power and the actions until now, was saying optimistic stuff even now, but Reta, who didn’t have a good experience against the dragons, shouted in fear.

[I will initiate the formation right now! First let’s move to where the dragons don’t exi……] (Reta)

“No, we can’t run now!”

Yu IlHan was one that shook his head in such situations where any other people would want to run away!

“These guys will start grouping up if I wait for a while. I need to kill as many as possible before it becomes out of hand.”

[Probably.]

He didn’t know about 3rd class ones, but 4th class dragons mostly lived alone in a vast expanse of land.

Anybody would. They had acquired near-absolute power, and killed everything that originally lived in that place, to their heart’s content. So why would it ever want to live together with its kin, who had similar levels of strength?

This was the reason why Yu IlHan was able to kill 4th class dragons smoothly until now, and was also the reason why no rumors had spread throughout the continent.

However, now that his existence was revealed. A man who possessed a power that could threaten dragons was hunting their own race while using a magic formation that allowed him to go anywhere within Dareu. Which idiot would still choose to be alone and die?

The dragons were gradually gathering up. The ones that weren’t moving were those that hadn’t heard about the news, or those that were still confident in defeating him by itself.

And their common point was that it was easy to kill them

“Let’s go immediately. To the one that lives as far away from here as possible!”

[Yes!] (Reta)

As she knew the seriousness of the situation, Reta also hurried up. Yu IlHan waved his hand at the two dragons that were staring at him when he was transferred.

When they failed to catch Yu IlHan by a small margin, they roared in anger.

[Kroaaa!]

[I will turn you to ashes!]

They turned the place where Yu IlHan was into ruins, but not to mention injuring Yu IlHan, they couldn’t even damage the formation. And they knew that fact very well.

The magic formation over Dareu continent was like that. Rather than material, it was more spiritual, and unless the master of the formation dispelled the formation or gathered it up in one place, it wouldn’t disappear. There was no way the magic formation would still be intact otherwise.

[…..Splendid escape. It really is a damned but good magic formation.]

[The idiots of our race who could not see through the situation would be done in by him.]

But what was this? The two dragons that were left in the place where Yu IlHan had disappeared, showed calmness as if all their rage until now was a lie.

[That time is really coming.]

[Keke, you think so too?]

Their following words included a content that would make Erta shocked.

[The revelation from Destruction Demon Army was correct. A connection with another world… Isn’t that a truly cool thing? More prey, more growth of the world. And reaching the heavens! I will also be able to become a part of them.]

Yes. There weren’t only Garden of Sunset-affiliated dragons in Dareu. Truly damned, but there were dragons affiliated to Destruction Demon Army, who were currently having a battle against the angels in the Wall of Chaos!

Moreover, unlike the Garden of Sunset, whose objective was mysterious, these things had a clear objective. Destruction, Preying and Growth!

At this point, it was clear that Destruction Demon Army was involved in the destruction of Dareu. The unnatural growth of the dragons and their movements could be explained.

Of course, Yu IlHan and Erta had no way of knowing this.

[Higher existences, eh. Truly a sweet word.]

[Keke, I will be the first one to acquire their qualifications. However, we need to focus on killing that slippery eel now]

Slippery eel, Yu IlHan. They poured out all their attack, intending to kill him, but Yu IlHan splendidly survived and ran away.

It was nice that he raised some flags, but that was it. If they let him as he is, then the number of their own race that could go over to another world would decrease. There was a need to ‘capture’ him before that.

[We need to gather up. Kill the slippery eel, and prepare to meet the changes.]

[Let’s hurry. Our kin has started to gather.]

The dragons flapped their wings and used movement magic. To capture Yu IlHan, they started moving in order to group up with their kin that had the same intentions as them.

Yu IlHan didn’t know of this, and only moved in order to kill as many dragons as possible in the limited time.

“Huff, huff.”

[Yu IlHan, are you alright?] (Erta)

“No I’m not. Reta, move, quickly.”

2 days were left until he had to complete the mission. Since he was trying to kill the lone dragons, his hunting speed had decreased considerably.

[We will move right away. There might be a magic trap so please be careful!] (Reta)

“It’s alright, even traps won’t notice me.”

Only 43 were left until he completed his mission. If he endured a little more, he could even level up with the piled up experience. Yu IlHan’s motivation was now the thought that he may be able to survive this mess if he somehow did that.

“Quickly.”

[Understood.] (Reta)

He urged Reta while sucking on the bloodrink, and she immediately activated the formation.

[Sir representative of Heaven’s Army. We need to talk.]

“……”

[……]

[……]

And found a sleeping, golden-scaled dragon, with a strange sign in front.



Chapter 90

Heaven’s Army defended the Wall of Chaos against numerous predators that tried to invade them and conquer the many worlds under their protection..

Until the day the Wall of Chaos regains its power to completely prevent the intrusion from those predators, the angels would never be free.

[Uu, I wanna see IlHan.]

The angel, Lita, no, Liera, who acquired strength and new powers through a class promotion prior to the war, was no exception. Because of the way she always spoke, Yu IlHan’s name was spreading throughout the camp, and if the person in question knew of this, he would be too embarrassed to lift his head up.

[It’s an attack. West 47!]

[Strike Force 11, move out. I repeat. Strike Force 11, move out!]

In a base quite distant from the truly infinitely vast Wall of Chaos.

Liera, who was muttering Yu IlHan’s name in the room allocated to her, lifted her head abruptly after hearing the order which resounded across the base.

Strike Force 11 referred to her. A unit composed of her alone. Such was Strike Force 11.

It wasn’t that she caught the loner-ness from Yu IlHan due to being with him for so long, but because she had exceptional battle power even amongst angels.

[I’m going now. Please open the portal!] (Liera)

[Liera-nim. This way!]

Liera rushed out while arming herself. She equipped her armor and weapon from her inventory. That figure didn’t look too much different from Yu IlHan taking out his equipment from his Cross bag.

She asked loudly to the lower ranked angel that guided her to the portal.

[How many are there!]

[200 5th, 7 6th! The defense forces are blocking them, but that’s all they can do!]

5th referred to the first step as higher existences, the 5th class, while 6th referred to 6th class. By that time their existences were a miracle itself after their piled up records agglomerate.

Erta was a 5th, and Liera just became 6th.

How can she fight against so many transcenders even though she had just become 6th?

That was exactly the reason why Liera became a transcender affiliated to Heaven’s Army even while accepting the annoying fact that she wouldn’t be able to bring out her power in a lower world.

As soon as Liera ran into the portal, the surrounding environment changed. It was West 47, where clashes occurred frequently even within the vast Wall of Chaos, and one where the gap in the wall was quite large.

The defense army permanently located here were all emanating light while casting defensive magic, meanwhile, giant strange-looking monsters were causing a mess, trying to kill those angels.

[She’s already here?]

[She’s here! Liera’s here!]

[We can win now!]

Ignoring the naive shouts of the angels, Liera charged out. When she overlapped her white gauntlets, a long, sharp spear of light was created.

[Go croak!] (Liera)

With a simple shout, she threw the spear. That instantly destroyed tens of 5th class predators who were just about to break the defense magic and assault the angels.

[Damn, it’s the Bloodied Angel.]

[She and Spiera really rampage around.]

Some of the higher ranked predators who were inferior to her despite being 6th class, retreated. Liera confirmed their appearances and gritted her teeth.

[Destruction Demon Army. You finally started to move.] (Liera)

[Well, it seems like the Wall of Chaos might close soon. We retreated in vain every time, but we wanted to be a little bit more greedy this time.]

Nonchalantly chatted one of the retreating higher ranked predators. Liera wordlessly charged and shot out a strong wave of light. Its power was so strong that the surrounding space made noises while the wave of mana expanded to transfer the energy throughout all of the space.

[Ugh, to think you’d come so quickly!]

All 5th and 6th class predators tried to avoid it by moving quickly, but dodging Liera’s attack physically wasn’t the end of it.

Unfortunately, tens of 5th class predators who didn’t know and guarded against it, all collapsed at that place.

[Truly an absurd power. The harmony of magic and physical power is teeth-clatteringly beautiful.]

The 6th class that replied to her the first time replied while laughing, but on his forehead was a small drop of sweat.

[I only know this, duh. Well, then. I heard you were ‘a little more greedy’? Come at me.] (Liera)

Laughed LIera while clanging the gauntlets on her fists. That wasn’t a simple movement, but a process of amplifying energy for her next skill.

However, the man retreated a step while shaking his head.

The other predators also showed signs of retreat as if they were facing a ferocious beast. The appearance of Liera alone made such a scene.

[Oh, I don’t want to fight with you, I mean it. I’d rather fight you not in such bright places like this, but under the faint moon, and in a more ‘private’ place. Softly, but violently.]

[Oh, yeah, whatever.] (Liera)

Liera smiled brightly while clanging her gauntlets again. At that moment, a wave that shot out without any signs seemed to cover the group, before setting a target the next moment and compressing infinitely.

[Ugh!]

[Khh!]

The predator that said what he shouldn’t to Liera casted defense magic as if he knew what would happen, it shattered without being able to endure Liera’s power. This was because all beings that guarded the Wall of Chaos was supported by the Akashic Record and had a blessing from Heaven.

Yes. The Angels were fundamentally having a war in an advantageous position. If not, the Wall of Chaos would’ve been breached long ago.

[Ugh!]

[I think I’ll retreat now.]

[S, save me! I didn’t enter Destruction Demon Army to be killed by an angel in vain……!]

The predators also seemed like they knew what they were facing. While Liera was attacking, the majority of the 6th class predators returned behind the wall, and the one that was in charge of blocking her attack dissipated the attacking waves by summoning the 5th class predators .

[Phew.]

The man widened his eyes in surprise at Liera’s power.

[They said ‘Either you survive by sacrificing everything else, or die by heading forward when meeting the Bloodied Angel’. It really is true.]

[You really are talkative.] (Liera)

Liera didn’t stop. She changed her magic power into Heaven’s power, a higher form of energy, using her angel wings. She used that power to drive herself forward, while stealing the defense force’s magic power, who were just dumbfounded while watching her.

[L, Liera-nim!?]

[You don’t need defense magic now.] (Liera)

The magic power she stole seemed to circulate with the angel’s ring on her head as the center, and looked like a drill made of energy. Liera charged forward just like that and literally ground up all the predators on the front lines.

Even though they were all once legends in their own world, and have broken through to higher existences, they were all ground apart whether they were trying to dodge, block, or counterattack in their own way.

It didn’t take that long until all of the predators other than the sole 6th class died.

If the 6th class actively tried to fight back, then the angel’s side would have gotten serious damage, but he just watched the whole thing. No, he even brought his own allies in front of him in order to dodge Liera’s attacks.

[You’re stronger than the rumors! Even though you were just a little known for your martial arts some time ago.]

[I know you’re a close combat class. Come at me now.] (Liera)

However, despite Liera’s taunt, the man kept his calm. At least, on the outside.

What he said after was the following:

[How did you become so strong! Ah, that’s it. The forgotten millennium, is it?]

[You.] (Liera)

Liera swung her fist. The predator tried to jump back in attempt to retreat, but Liera’s fist was too fast and grabbed his collar before he could. The man’s expression almost fell apart, but he barely succeeded in holding back.

[Your objective was to approach me from the beginning, wasn’t it?] (Liera)

[Bingo.]

The man wryly smiled.

[Come to this side. For us Destruction Demon Army to gain the upper hand in the upcoming chaos, we need the power of the archangel known as Liera.]

[I’ll be disappointed if that’s all you’re going to say.] (Liera)

Her free hand gripped into a fist and she swung it. He quickly guarded with both of his arms trying to dispel the power inside her fist. It seemed like a unique martial art that stemmed from fist arts, but perhaps due to his power being inferior to Liera’s, he couldn’t completely block it.

[Ugh…… We need you, who knows Earth well.]

[Why are you so fussed up about such a small world?]

[The forgotten millennium, and the connection with countless worlds – In the center of all this is that small world. Everything is changing!]

Liera’s eyes trembled upon hearing that, but her fist didn’t. Until she heard the man’s next words, that is.

[Do you know where your beloved lower existence is, currently?]

Her fist trembled. It trembled mercilessly, generating countless waves, which all exploded on the man’s body after some time.

[*Cough*!]

The man coughed blood while stepping back. She was now sure that the man had a unique martial art specialized in dodging. This could be seen from how the man only ended up coughing out a bowl of blood despite meeting Liera’s newly learnt finishing move head on.

[I see you really love him? Amazing. How can a lower existence move a higher existence’s emotions? It should be physically impossible.]

[You, shut up.] (Liera)

[One more thing.]

The man held up his face and smirked.

[My specialty is not close combat. It’s movement.]

[What?] (Liera)

Just as Liera asked back, the man disappeared from the place. The problem was that Liera was moving along with him.

[You damned……!] (Liera)

[I did not block your attacks. I only sent the energy within it to another place. This skill is quite tricky to use against enemies so I have to fulfill some conditions……]

I fulfilled those conditions from our contact just now. – Said the man while laughing.

[You and your schemes.] (Liera)

Liera immediately realized where they were. It was beyond the Wall of Chaos. It seemed it was impossible for the man to move long distances as Heaven’s Light could be seen faintly, but it was also a distance that was very far for her.

[I hid it until now in order to capture you. How is it? Splendid, right? Well, then. Let me ask you again.]

Predators were gathering from all sides. The elites of the predators belonging to the Destruction Demon Army were gathering. No matter how strong Liera was, it would be difficult for her to defeat a prepared army.

[Come with us, Liera. All dimensions are awaiting change. Chaos will become the law! The man you love so much, oh, my bad. Don’t look at me with such scary eyes. He’s already in our hands.]

[The dragons of Dareu are moving under our orders. Now you see the situation?]

The one that threatened her while moving to the man’s side was the 6th class predator that retreated last time. Liera could only laugh; she knew where Yu IlHan was right now.

[You can both live. We want to be closer to you. I really mean it.]

[……If my beloved is captured, then I can’t help it.] (Liera)

Liera loosened her arms. The predators all smiled.

[We will become great partners.]

[We’re really assured to be with you. Now, does that count as having done the first button properly?]

When they approached Liera, she took her gauntlets off while sighing. They were relieved that she seemed to have no intentions on fighting.

Never would they imagine that there was a skill that activated by taking off the gauntlets.

[Critical Hit!]

A flash.

Due to the massive explosion of the compressed waves within the space between her fists and the gauntlet, most of the 6th class predators disappeared without a trace.

The predator that said he could move energy, and the predator that threatened her, and everyone else that surrounded her were obliterated. Those left were only ones that were far away, watching the scene!

[Oh, that was lucky.] (Liera)

WIth the text ‘Critical Hit’, loads of windows mentioning her acquired experience and achievements. Liera blinked to make them disappear while smiling. Her smile was frightening to the point that the ones watching her became scared.

[What are you planning to do now?]

A 5th class predator survivor asked her in disbelief. Even though a lot of predators were surrounding her just now, the number was only going to increase due to the explosion just now.

Liera also didn’t seem that good as her hands were trembling. Just why did she do such a reckless thing? Even though her beloved man was captured as a hostage!

[My IlHan will not get captured by anyone.] (Liera)

She could say this, because she was the one to confirm Yu IlHan’s self-concealing powers for the first time throughout the multiverse.

[IlHan is waiting for me, so I can’t get captured by you guys, right? So.] (Liera)

Her hands seemed to emit brilliant light before it made a single, long spear. It was the spear that contained her remaining energy, at the same time being the essence of Heaven’s power.

‘If I knew this would happen, I should have asked for a new weapon from IlHan.’

Throwing away the scrapped gauntlet, Liera gripped on her spear with her bare hands. Then, she courageously rushed into the predators that were sure of their victory.

[Come at me! I will turn all of you into dust!] (Liera)

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan who would never know that Liera was in a crisis, was pulling out his spear quietly while looking at the dragon that put up a blatant noticeboard.

[It says ‘to talk’.] (Erta)

“It’s so suspicious though! It will definitely be an annoying matter. I’m originally the type that does not receive sub-quests. A man’s path is one that snaps all foreshadowing before it occurs.”

[And who is it that always talks about foreshadows?] (Erta)

Run towards only the end of the main quest! Of course, it was a comfortable road, if one had the resolve to embrace the regret that follows it.

[I also want to rip apart all dragonkin. However, I can feel elves around this area. If this dragon was the one that hid the elves, I think there’s plenty of value trying to talk to it.] (Reta)

[Your situation isn’t so optimistic currently. Shouldn’t you at least hear out that dragon’s story?] (Erta)

“Hmm. There are elves, eh.”

Reta and Erta tried to persuade Yu IlHan.

And they were definitely on the right side. If he killed that dragon here, then the number of dragons only decrease by one, but if he could earn something from it, then the situation may reverse.

Yu IlHan kept his belief to not talk to monsters until now, but he also thought that there was no belief to be kept in a situation where his life was on the line.

Moreover, there was something else he thought up of after hearing Reta mention elves. It was none other than the Garden of Sunset. Regardless of them being enemies or allies, it would be a lie to say he wasn’t interested in what they were doing in Dareu.

“Good. I’ll judge after I listen.”

Yu IlHan finished talking and took out a huge nail from his Cross Bag. It was… the pillar & harpoon set for dragons that he made from Orochi’s bones!

[Hiiik.] (Erta)

[You really are meticulous. …… So cool.] (Reta)

[That’s ‘cool’!? Reta are you alright?] (Erta)

He nailed the pillars connected to the harpoons around the sleeping dragon.

Placing them on the ground and transferring the weight nailed them all automatically, so it didn’t even take 30 seconds until all 12 pillars were embedded on the ground. From above, it would look like a summoning magic formation that required a dragon as the sacrifice.

“Done.”

Yu IlHan aimed at the dragon’s eye with one of the harpoons that was connected to the pillar with the Orochi leather-rope. Then, he deactivated his concealment.

[mmm……. Whoa?]

When Yu IlHan showed his presence, the dragon woke up from sleep right away.

And realized what kind of situation it was in.

[That’s one savage greeting.]

The dragon seemed to have quite a nice tone of speech, and her voice was that of a female’s. And it was also one that Yu IlHan didn’t need to translate using his language skill, as it was the English of Earth.

It seemed that this dragon had predicted that Yu IlHan would come from Earth and learned English, but did not know about Yu IlHan’s abilities. If so, he should go with it.

Yu IlHan spoke, in fluent English.

“Dragon, so what do you want to say?”

[Let us party.]

When Yu IlHan prepared to throw the harpoon, the dragon panicked and swung its front claw. Here was a 4th class that was scared against a 2nd.

[I’ll, I’ll explain the situation so don’t throw it, please!]

“I’m busy.”

[The dragons’ conquering of Dareu all happened under Destruction Demon Army’s orders! I received the revelations of the Garden of Sunset, who valued harmony, and judged that Dareu must not be destroyed, and gathered the dragons and dragonkin who followed my will in order to hide the elves to prevent Dareu’s complete destruction!]

Yu IlHan was absorbed into the dragon’s rapping skills. So, this dragon really did belong to the Garden of Sunset.

No, wait, before that,

“Destruction Demon Army?”

[Yes, the evil predator organization that lives beyond the Wall of Chaos – Destruction Demon Army! They destroyed Dareu in the past, and now they’re aiming for Earth!]

Yu IlHan carefully put down the harpoon. He confirmed that there was no one in the surroundings, before speaking to the dragon with a sigh.

“Let’s talk a little more.”



Chapter 91

Those ‘Destruction Demon Army’ guys were madmen who were satisfied as long as there was chaos and destruction, and it seemed that they were the ones who urged the dragons lazing around Dareu to exterminate the elves.

[It may sound a little weird for a dragon like me to say this, but Destruction Demon Army and the dragons really get along well. They wanted destruction, and dragons enjoyed power. Dareu underwent a cruel era until the elves met their doom.]

“And you couldn’t let them be?”

[To me, and to a minority of dragons who were thinking the same things as me, the revelation from the Garden of Sunset came down. The revelation to guard the elves in order to preserve the potential of this world.]

Up to here, it was a story that could be found anywhere. A story where the good and the evil are clearly divided, and one that ends in despair but contains faint hope!

The problem was that Dareu ended up connecting to Earth. It was a horrible matter that made Yu IlHan think up of Hollywood, that created a brilliant first episode, and was trying to fit in a 2nd by force.

Even though the only ones that succeeded with a ‘2’ attached to the end was just Terminator and Die Hard.

[The Destruction Demon Army also noticed that. Of course, the dragons became to know of it as well. They were waiting until a path was opened to Earth. Yes, the Dungeon Break.]

“So if the dungeon was left sealed, the Earth might be doomed. huh.”

When Yu IlHan smiled bitterly, the dragon also twitched its facial muscles. She seemed to make a similar expression to Yu IlHan.

[The Garden of Sunset first saw this as an opportunity.]

“Because the dragons will go to Earth if they wait? Because the Earth will be doomed, but Dareu may survive?”

The golden dragon momentarily was at a loss due to Yu IlHan’s direct words. She was too embarrassed.

However, when Yu IlHan nodded his head, gesturing her to continue, she spoke again.

[However, a variable occurred. It was you, the representative of Heaven’s Army.]

Seeing a monstrous existence that wiped out the dragon army that once brought destruction upon a world, the Garden of Sunset felt a possibility. And they judged that it was time to change their indirect ways into direct ways.

[Thinking about it, dragonkin are in the end, life forms of Dareu. Even if they bring destruction upon Earth, they might return to Dareu. They won’t like it very much if they find elves when they come back.]

“So they will feel like when humans accidentally leave their houses with their city gas on.”

They wouldn’t have such problems if they lived in X* apartment! 

[However, a possibility arose thanks to you. The possibility to destroy the Destruction Demon Army’s subordinates completely, and return the world to the elves!]

“So?”

[So, let’s get into a party.]

The story came back to the beginning. Erta couldn’t help but ask.

[What do the Garden of Sunset want?] (Erta)

[I should have told you already. They want the elves to continue living, and that’s the same for me as well. However, to fight against the higher class dragons, it is insufficient with just us, and therefore, we want to cooperate with you, who is facing the same enemy as us.]

[Is it really just that?] (Erta)

Said Erta in a sharp voice.

[I’m an angel belonging to Heaven’s Army, Erta. I also had a few occasions where I clashed with the Garden of Sunset. And they were all because of unknown reasons too! I cannot believe that you are purely moving in order to save lives.] (Erta)

[However, isn’t it sufficient for us to have an alliance with just the facts stated just now?] (Reta)

Unlike Erta, Reta, who owed her life to the elves, was quite optimistic about this dragon. Although, there was no way her voice would reach the dragon, as she was only a thought.

[I find it reasonable that you’re suspicious of me. However, I do not want much in return. You just have to cooperate with us until we execute all the dragons belonging to Destruction Demon Army. Isn’t it what you were going to do anyway?]

“So you don’t mind if I turn my spear towards you guys after all that?”

[I do not believe that I will survive the battle with the Destruction Demon Army, but if I’m still alive, then, I’ll face you as much as you want. However, you shall not attack the elves. That’s the condition for this alliance.]

The desire to live was the fundamental desire for all living things, but she could say such things? Yu IlHan couldn’t understand her, but it wasn’t that he had never seen these kind of people.

Cult fanatics sometimes were like this.

If he found something wrong later on, then it wouldn’t be too late to point his spear at them at that time. It seemed that it was better for him to get into an alliance with her at this time. Erta also didn’t get stubborn. If Yu IlHan could be safer, then she would also prefer that.

“Good, I’ll cooperate. As long as the elves don’t bear their fangs at me, I have no intentions of harming them either.”

[Thank you! You really are reassuring!]

The dragon raised its body. Yu IlHan collected the harpoons and the pillars using his remote collection function, and asked while looking up to the dragon’s enormous body.

“Say, who are the allied dragons right now. I have to at least leave them out, right?”

[That will be solved if you get into a party with me.]

She offered her front claw. It seemed she was gesturing for him to grab it.

It was possible to get into a party with monsters! No, well, can they be called dragons when they have intelligence?

It would be a lie to say that he didn’t hesitate, but it was a little weird to reject the parth offer when they were in an alliance. Moreover, even in the same party, as the experience was divided according to contribution, Yu IlHan wouldn’t really suffer a loss.

Yu IlHan finished thinking up to that point immediately, and grabbed the dragon’s offered front claw. The feeling of his hostility being erased, and the feeling of being within the same fence as her, was quite the marvel for him.

[You have entered a party.]

[Party members : 238]

[You have acquired the title, ‘Dragon’s Ally’. Damage from all dragonkin decreases by 15%, and attack power will increase by 15% when fighting together with a dragon.]

It seemed that dragons really were quite an amazing race, as he acquired a new title from just getting into a party with them. Ignoring the second half of the option, decrease in damage from dragonkin was a really helpful option.

But somehow, there were more party members than he thought.

[220 of those are 3rd class dragonkin. There were a little more, but you killed them all.]

“I couldn’t help it. At that time, all dragonkin were my enemy.”

Yu IlHan was firm. In fact, he did feel quite sorry, but he didn’t show it. He would lose out in this alliance then.

[……In fact, there are some in this party that only helped out the Garden of Sunset because they didn’t like Destruction Demon Army, so you could say that the uncooperative ones were the first to die. Anyway, you can’t point your spear at the party members from now on, ok?]

“Ok.”

Yu IlHan obediently nodded and turned around. The dragon panicked and grabbed him.

[Let us go together! We just became allies, so why?]

“It’s more comfortable alone. You guys fight on your own. I think it’s also better for you that way.”

The dragon widened its mouth after hearing words that seemed like it was from a true loner.

[That’s definitely true, but just how strong are you for you to be so… No, well, you did wipe out half the dragonkin in Dareu, I have to acknowledge that but…… Will you really be alright?]

“Yeah.”

If he moved with the dragon group from now on, then it may really be comfortable in the short term. However, if he moved with them, then the kill number he could get will decrease, and the class advancement would be delayed just as much. Moreover, they could easily become a target if they moved in groups.

In contrast, if he moved separately, the target for the enemy would be divided and there would be less pressure on both sides, and as Yu IlHan would move alone, he could kill more dragons. Then, he would be able to complete his class advancement quicker.

This reasoning was only possible since Yu IlHan had the confidence in surviving against anyone.

[You really are a dragon-like man.]

“Clarify whether it’s a praise or an insult. Wait, no, it’s an insult, right?”

[You are infinitely arrogant, and have the power to go with it. And you even enjoy solitude, so if that’s not a dragon, then what else is?]

It really was an insult!

[I understand. If you say so, then we will go along with your idea. However, we will eventually end up fighting in the same place. The dragonkin who received the revelations of the Destruction Demon Army are also starting to gather.]

Yu IlHan was also thinking something similar. Going alone against hundreds of dragons was akin to smashing a rock with an egg.

As such, he had to decrease their numbers as much as possible using the hit-and-run tactic, and only after he felt that it was impossible alone, did he plan to cooperate with the dragons belonging to the Garden of Sunset.

“Okay, at that time, I’ll look for you guys.”

[Lastly.]

Just as Yu IlHan took out some 3rd class magic stones and began asking Reta to activate the formation, the dragon spoke again.

[My name is Lecidna. Can you tell me your name?] (Lecidna)

“Yu IlHan.”

[Yu IlHan. That’s a good name. It’s splendid.] (Lecidna)

Lecidna seemed to have more to talk about, but Reta activated the formation.

Yu IlHan didn’t even look back to her and commenced the transfer.

…And activated the formation again as he met an ally dragon.

“Dammit, is there no function to filter out allies when activating the formation!?”

[You’re over evaluating the world, Yu IlHan.] (Erta)

[Th, the next one won’t be! I will activate it immediately!] (Reta)

However, only after he used over twenty more magic stones could he strike a non-party dragon, and it was the last dragon that moved around alone.

[Killing 4th class 958/1,000]

“42 more.”

Collecting the dragon’s corpse, Yu IlHan bit on a bloodrink.

“So from now, it’s many vs 1.”

Even the enormous quantity of bloodrink had been reduced to just 50 liters. Even the shields numbered only around 200 right now, even after his spear arts had advanced. Although the rest of his equipment was holding out since he was repairing from time to time……

[Are you going to activate the Hourglass of Eternity, Yu IlHan?] (Erta)

Yu IlHan seriously considered it, but shook his head eventually.

“No, I will regret it if I use it now.”

[So, you think so too.] (Erta)

“Reta, let’s go screw the dragons with the least number.”

[I understand. A group of 5 is the least.] (Reta)

“Is that really the best?”

[Yes.] (Reta)

If it was the best choice, then he couldn’t help it. Her firm reply made Yu IlHan helplessly grip the spear while urging Reta.

“Let’s go then. Let’s suffer marvelously.”

Reta activated the formation. Yu IlHan, having become used to the sensation of the activation of the formation, blinked his eyes, and arrived at an island surrounded by the sea. It was near the beach as well.

“I think this place is one that will never have something to do with me in my lifetime.”

Lifting his head up, the sun was shining brightly; there were no clouds; and the sea was emitting a sapphire-colored light, as if everything was laughing at Yu IlHan for working overtime. The aura of social butterflies that overflowed in this place even made Yu IlHan shrink back a little.

It was a consolation that this was a doomed world, and therefore, had no people.

Dumbfounded at Yu IlHan’s loss of energy, Erta asked.

[And what place will ever have anything to do with you?] (Erta)

“Not the beach, but if you go a little further, I killed the Moby Dick in the seas.”

[That damned Moby Dick!] (Erta)

[There are dragons in the air!]

“Ah, yeah.”

I should go to the beach when I go back to Earth! Alone, too! – resolved Yu IlHan while holding up his spear. He found a dragon that was flying in the air while flapping huge wings, and jumped with all his strength.

His figure shooting up hundreds of meters, nearly a kilometer, into the sky was quite the spectacle.

Mid-way, he sensed something that felt like alarm magic hindering him, but alarm magic installed by something of a dragons’ level couldn’t detect Yu IlHan, so it didn’t matter.

[When will it get caught?]

[It won’t be long. Now that the loner dragons are dead, if he isn’t planning to run away, then he will have no choice but to find us.]

[Damned reckless human.]

Grouped up dragons really were different in some way. It seems they were flying too, in order to create a disadvantageous environment for Yu IlHan who was a human.

However, there were always people like this –

[I’m fed up with this. What the hell are we doing? How come the strongest in this world, us dragons, have to fear a single human!]

[Caliana!]

[I will go play around! I’m doing that now, but I will play around even more!]

One of the dragons suddenly descended at rapid speed and dived into the sea!

Looking at that, Yu IlHan naturally aimed the spear at it, and threw it.

Of course, weight transfer included.

[Critical Hit!]

[Khaaa!]

The sapphire-colored sea colored red due to dragon’s blood.

When Yu IlHan’s figure appeared, the alarm magic which finally detected Yu IlHan spat out ear-screeching noise.

[H, human!?]

[Be careful, we cannot underestimate his hiding abilities!]

The dragons all shot out magic after noticing Yu IlHan. There was quite the variety, including physical damage magic to magic that tried to hold Yu IlHan in place!

Of course, as he had expected that they would all attack at once, Yu IlHan re-leaped as soon as his figure was detected, and dived downwards. His target was the dragon that had a spear embedded in its forehead!

A few magics chased him from behind, but he ignored them while believing in his armor and his title. What was important to him now was to decrease the number of dragons as much as possible.

[He keeps charging!]

[Caliana, move!]

[Damn, Caliana is under a state of shock!]

[A shock just because we allowed a human to ambush us? Weakling……!]

After they noticed that their magic didn’t properly kill the human, the dragons moved quickly, even while saying a few lines in panic.

One predicted Yu IlHan’s falling trajectory and tried to block Yu IlHan by using short-distance spatial transfer magic, while another made tens of magic formations around it in layers in order to attack him, and one even opened its mouth in attempt to devour him whole.

Naturally, countless team-kills occurred in that process.

[Who are you attacking, you bastard!]

[Because you appeared so suddenly, I couldn’t kill that human! You damned thing!]

“These guys have terrible teamwork.”

Within the countless insults and magic, Yu IlHan even succeeded in concealing himself again. He even thought that this may even be easier than fighting a dragon 1 on 1!

He safely descended into the sea and collected his spear using remote collection as soon as he saw the spear, before taking it out again.

Now that he arrived near the dragon who just came to itself and was shaking its head, he inserted the bloodied spear into the same place again!

[Critical Hit!]

[The skill, Critical Hit, has become level 40. Attack power increases even more when a critical hit occurs.]

[Kyaaak!]

The dragon’s scream resounded across the sky. How could it be fine after getting two critical hits with a spear specialized in killing dragons?

[Khk, Khaaa!]

When it screamed while rolling around in pain, the dragons that looked down at the injured Caliana felt fear.

One that reads the movement of dragons, who wouldn’t die after getting hit by a dragon’s magic, dodges the majority of the magic, and even conceals himself among the dragons so comfortably.

[He, really is……]

[Hunting dragons.]

When Yu IlHan twisted his spear and transferred the weight, the dragon died with just that.

In fact, he had attacked twice using Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, but there was no way the dragons would know that as they didn’t know the secret to the skill.

[You have earned 1,022,948,305 experience.]

[Killing 4th class 959/1,000]

“41 left.”

Muttered Yu IlHan. Then, he looked up to the stiff dragons watching him from the air, before smirking.

It seemed he had the upper hand in morale.

[Human……]

[Damn, attack him! Are you going to kill more of our allies!]

“Good, let’s see who dies in the end!”

Of course, he would run if things seemed bad, but he didn’t say that and leapt!

After he had collected the dragon’s corpse, that is!



Chapter 92

The combined attack of the dragons was expectedly frightening. Just a smash with their bodies was powerful enough, but they used magic to accompany it.

They weren’t the ‘peak magic users’ that frequently appeared in fantasy novels, but as they had lived quite a long life, each and every one of their magics had very high standards. Their magic was strong, quick, numerous, and even varied from type to type!

[Be devoured by flames and fall into hell!]

[Critical Hit!]

“Ouch!”

[Yu IlHan!] (Erta)

“*Groan*, I’m alright. I picked what I would get hit by.”

What was fortunate was that the basic affinity of the dragons was close to fire, and as such, their magics were also of the fire attribute. As such, Yu IlHan was reducing the damage acquired through getting hit by fire magic whenever he had no choice but to allow a hit.

[Kukukukuhahahahahaha!]

[Humans are weak!]

[Careful to not kill him!]

The dragons would never have imagined that Yu IlHan was wearing an OP armor which increased his fire resistance by 80%, so whenever Yu IlHan got hit, they cheered.

In truth too, they only thought that Yu IlHan had high mobility and attack power, and looked feeble in their eyes.

It was good for Yu IlHan if they let their guard down. Yu IlHan analysed the movements of the dragons when they used magic, while waiting for the timing when they interfered with each other’s attacks for a chance to reverse the situation.

[Now!]

And at one moment, the dragons who thought that Yu IlHan showed an opening shot out their magics simultaneously, and in seconds, half the sky was covered by mana and explosions. Yu IlHan aimed for that moment to leap into the air again.

[Damn!]

[W, we didn’t hit him. Did he run!?]

Realizing their mistake, the dragons looked around in shock, but Yu IlHan had long since succeeded in concealing himself. Moreover, there was something else which made him feel good.

[The skill, Leap, has become level 40. The number of possible re-leaps increase to 3, and it becomes possible to stay in the air for a longer time with the use of mana.]

This was exactly what he wanted since he had to repeatedly leap and re-leap due to his lack of wings! With this, he could now display more dynamic movement while in the air.

‘If it’s like this.’

At first, he thought about throwing his spear, but he changed his mind and re-leaped towards it. It was the one which had sustained a neck injury due to the continuous fight until now.

The dragons were moving around here and there, installing trap magic. However, this was exactly the proof that they could not find Yu IlHan. Well, they didn’t seem to be aware that concealment allowed him to bypass the alarm magic!

Yu IlHan gripped the spear with both of his hands while bypassing the trap zone, and approached the dragon which was casting healing magic to its neck. Then, he inserted mana into Superhuman Strength skill without holding anything back to enhance his arm muscles to strike the spear into that dragon!

[Critical Hit!]

[Khaaak!]

[Dammit, we got hit again!]

The trap magic that detected Yu IlHan, albeit too late, all activated and injured him. He had already expected this much. Yu IlHan ardently sucked on the bloodrink while activating Transcendent Regeneration.

[The skill, Transcendent Regeneration, has become level 40. The efficiency of rest energy and recovery speed increases by a large amount.]

Meanwhile, even Transcendent Regeneration became level 40.

Now that he could recover faster with less rest energy, the efficiency of the skill instantly doubled. Now, he would be fine after a few seconds even if his bones were broken. Erta was right. Rest skill was the best!

[Kyahak! Kyaaa!]

“Ugh!”

The dragon couldn’t hold back the pain and twisted its enormous body in the air. This moment was more thrilling than a rollercoaster; Yu IlHan knew that it would be the end for him if he was shaken off here.

He stuck himself on the neck of the dragon. No matter what magic attacked him and his surroundings, and how strong they were, he resisted and instantly pushed the embedded spear deeply into the dragon’s body with one hand.

After that, he transferred the weight of the Cross Bag onto the spear!

Hundreds of thousands of tons was now hung on the dragon’s neck. Yu IlHan wished that the neck would be broken just like that, but it seemed 4th class beings were able to endure such weight through sheer willpower as it was holding out quite well.

However, it did seem impossible for it to keep flying in the air. The dragon’s body started falling towards the ground along with the embedded spear and Yu IlHan.

[Ugh, we need to save Esila!]

[eeek, I will kill that human!]

[We can’t do that, you idiot!]

The dragons in the air panicked after seeing their kin fall to the ground and muttered things while chasing behind.

However, there was something that weighed on Yu IlHan’s mind.

“They can’t kill me…….?”

[What do you mean by that, Yu IlHan?] (Erta)

Erta, who couldn’t understand dragon speech unlike Yu IlHan, voiced her question. However, Yu IlHan also had no idea beyond that so he couldn’t say anything to her. Instead, he wracked his brain.

‘Can’t kill me? Just who gave that order? If so, does that mean they’re planning to use me as bait to kill the dragons belonging to the Garden of Sunset?”

Yes. By now, the dragons belonging to the Garden of Sunset should have begun their battle, so that seemed plausible.

Yu IlHan wanted to accept that and leave it be, but at moments like these did his brain work at full power.

‘No, that’s too weak. The alliance between me and the Garden of Sunset is only a temporary one, and it will be over when the party is severed. The dragons should also know of that, and the enemies should also know that I am not such an effective hostage. If so.’

Another target.

For example, a higher existence who should be fighting against the higher existences of Destruction Demon Army waaay up there. Isn’t that more plausible?

‘They’re aiming for Lita……?’

Yu IlHan’s heartbeat became faster. He wanted to deny that, but it seemed to plausible. Otherwise, there was no meaning in capturing him alive.

Suspicion instantly turned into conviction and ruled over his mind.

They were planning to get Lita by capturing him.

The moment that thought located itself in his mind, a fire ignited in Yu IlHan’s heart. Due to the sudden change in mind that surprised even him, he almost lost his reason.

‘Even if I die, I will not get captured and endanger LIta.’

This was one of the resolves he had made while living as a loner – to take responsibility for his own actions.

To not get his weaknesses discovered by anyone, and to fight alone, he resolved that firmly and even acted on it. To not look weak to anyone, he lived without voicing a single complaint.

However, if he actually got caught by the dragons, then Lita would become responsible for his actions. That was a horrible matter, and something that Yu IlHan would never let be even if he died.

Like how Lita was thinking of Yu IlHan as important, Yu IlHan also thought of Lita as being important.

‘It’s good that I found out before I made any mistakes.’

Yu IlHan became relieved. Now that he knew what they were up to, he was not afraid of anything anymore. It also helped that the dragons didn’t know that Yu IlHan could translate dragon speech.

Yu IlHan was fighting with the resolve to die until now, but it turns out they were trying to capture Yu IlHan alive.

They had made a huge mistake – with this, Yu IlHan could now become even more advantageous in fights!

Anyway, what came first was to kill these dragons in front of him. Yu IlHan lightly jumped into the air before the dragon with a spear on its neck crashed into the ground, and after the dragon had crashed with a ‘boom’ did he land back on its neck and pulled out his spear.

It wasn’t such a difficult matter to kill an almost-dead dragon. It was enough to strike once with Spear of Untraceable Trajectory.

[You have earned 1,192,303,119 experience.]

[I can’t endure it anymore! Are you saying that we can only watch as our kin die to that trivial human!]

One of the dragons finally became berserk. It covered its body with hot orange flames, and descended at rapid speeds while staring at Yu IlHan, who was collecting the dead dragon’s corpse.

It seemed it had even cast binding magic as a huge hand made of sand appeared from the ground and tried to restrict him.

Yu IlHan didn’t resist that. He obediently got caught by the hand of sand, and just posed himself while gripping the Black bone giant spear in his hand. He focused more power than ever into the point of the spear.

Like an archer about to shoot an arrow, he tensed all the muscles in his body while drawing back the spear slightly.

[I, idiot! Stop him!]

[There are much more important matters than killing it…… dammit! Let’s protect the human!]

The other dragons hurriedly chased behind, however, the enraged dragon arrived in front of Yu IlHan first.

[Kroaaa…….. Kahak!]

[Critical Hit!]

However, the moment it opened its mouth as it approached Yu IlHan, a fountain of blood sprayed out. The dragon’s vicious charge lost its balance due to the incomprehensible attack.

What was there to hide. Of course, it was the spear strike that Yu IlHan had shot out first using Spear of Untraceable Trajectory. To be exact, it was a spear throw.

However, the reason for the OPness of the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory lay somewhere else.

Regardless of whether Yu IlHan had attacked with a spear throw, he was still in his position and was preparing for a killer attack, and dragon(A) who had just lost its balance was falling down towards Yu IlHan after losing balance.

[Idiot!]

And dragon(B) smashed in from the side. Continuing, dragon(C) dispelled the hand of sand that restricted Yu IlHan’s body.

They should have thought that Yu IlHan would roll around to dodge, but this was exactly the moment Yu IlHan was waiting for.

Vicious Purple Flame burned on top of his spear. Yu IlHan pulled back his spear with both of his legs firmly gripping onto the ground, before throwing his spear into the wide open mouth of dragon(A) who had floated upwards slightly due to the tackle from dragon(B)!

[Critical Hit!]

[Kahak!]

The dragon spat out a single syllable-scream. The next moment, weight transfer option activated to drag it into the ground.

The dragon’s figure smashing into the ground to the spear embedded on the palate(roof of one’s mouth), while flapping the bat-like wings colored in flames, was as if looking at the fall of Icarus.

[Critical Hit!]

That was the final strike. Perhaps it had softer joints than the previous one, or it fell down in the wrong position, but its neck had snapped just like that.

[You have earned 1,209,896,198 experience.]

[To think 3 of us would die……!]

[We……. the almighty race of dragons looked laughable to him?]

Dragon(B) and dragon(C) also went berserk like dragon(A), but Yu IlHan wasn’t so scared even after looking at that. He only collected the dragon’s corpse and his spear.

[I will never kill you. I shall tell you that there’s suffering worse than death.]

[Foolish human, I will make your entire body realize that what we showed you was not the true power of dragons……!]

They charged in a straight line. However, Yu IlHan nimbly leaped, and re-leaped twice to shoot up several kilometers into the air.

“Using re-leap many times sure is incredible.”

The speed of the dragons in the air was frightening, but currently, Yu IlHan had surpassed that speed and could take the upper hand in the fight. All of this was thanks to the advance in the leap skill.

However, just as Yu IlHan smiled and prepared to throw his spear, Erta said in a stiff voice:

[Yu IlHan.]

“Say it quick.”

[I think it’s better if you see this for yourself.]

Yu IlHan momentaryily stopped getting into position and turned his head. As he was high up in the air, he could see over the horizon.

Tens of dragons and hundreds of dragonkin were flying towards him.

“Now that’s a spectacle.”

[Th, the berserk dragons must have provoked its kin. Yu IlHan-nim. At this rate……] (Reta)

He was planning to kill the groups with lower numbers but it suddenly became a group fight! Yu IlHan had no choice but to acknowledge that he had looked down on the cohesion of the dragons.

[We need to go back down to the ground and activate the formation! We can’t go against them head on!] (Erta)

[No, unfortunately, that’s impossible. It was a similar situation when the empire was destroyed. Tens of dragons gathered in one place to prevent the activation of the formation and……!] (Reta)

Reta thought back to the past and cried her frustration out. Well, it could be expected that the dragons would not let Yu IlHan run away through the magic formation.

Then what to do now? How to survive now? What must he do in order to meet Lita again?

Yu IlHan first inflicted a fatal wound to one of the dragons that shot upwards towards him by throwing his spear which had Purple Flame burning on it. Then, he activated re-leap to shoot downwards towards it while muttering.

“Talk to me when I look like I’m about to die.”

[That means.] (Erta)

“Yeah.”

He laughed bitterly.

“I think I’ll have to use the barrier here.”

17 minutes after that, Yu IlHan killed four more dragons and just as his body was about to snap in half, he succeeded in activating the Hourglass of Eternity.



Chapter 93

“Huff, huff……”

Yu IlHan panted and collapsed on the ground. The dragons’ figures with wide open mouths beyond the barrier was strangely funny.

[Yu IlHan, you aren’t dead, right……?]

“Yeah, probably.”

Yu IlHan turned his head to check whether his waist was snapped and spoke in a worried tone, before taking out a bloodrink cheer pack and drinking it.

Transcendent Regeneration activated the moment his body acquired rest energy to heal the muscles that were ripped apart due to the aftereffects of the Superhuman Strength skill, and rejoined his shoulder which was almost ripped apart by a dragon’s claw.

Only after he checked that his ribs had no cracks did he let go of the bloodrink from his mouth. A patient that looked like he was just about to leave the world recovered in moments.

“I drank all of that and only have 30 liters left now. That’s a pain.”

[It would be good if the dragons in your party noticed your crisis and came to help.] (Erta)

Erta seemed to expect external help, but Yu IlHan didn’t expect it so much. Wasn’t it all due to his ability that the Garden of Sunset formed an alliance with him?

But if the alliance held them back instead of helping them, then there was a possibility that they would just forget everything and give up on the plan.

“If you are conscious of the fact that you cannot believe anyone in the world, then you won’t have to worry about getting backstabbed. Remember this, Erta.”

[That’s a sad enlightenment……] (Erta)

Yu IlHan took out the anvil, the furnace, the hammer and various other blacksmithing tools before taking off his ragged armor.

“I should take Eternal Flame with me starting next time.”

[That child won’t go inside the Cross Bag.] (Erta)

Thinking that he should research on that matter later, he thought about what he could use to replace the flame, and he came up with Purple Flame from his Black bone giant spear.

It won’t go off easily once he set fire inside the furnace, and as it was a flame with a special attribute, its melting abilities was one of the best. Excluding the fact that it could not understand Yu IlHan’s will unlike the Eternal Flame, and he had to focus quite a lot to compensate for that, it was a splendid choice.

Taking his top off, Yu IlHan was repairing the armor with what little Orochi bones and leather he had left, when Erta realized and spoke to him.

[Oh yeah, Reta couldn’t enter again.] (Erta)

[Kroaaar!]

[…….And the Orochi’s here again?] (Erta)

“There’s something I want to keep secret from her, heh!”

A secret, is he trying to make a present for her? – Erta’s eyes sparked.

Wait, he was making a present for a formless shard of thought, but there was nothing for her! Although she caused him a lot of embarrassments until now, she should have helped out a lot since the time he came to Dareu, through the Angel’s Support skill!

Even though she would realize that it was a misunderstanding if she thought a little more about it, the calm and rational Erta of the past had long since disappeared, and there was only the Poor Angel(2) who was going berserk with her newly-found emotions.

Regardless of the complaint that was blowing up in size infinitely, which stemmed from Erta’s misunderstanding, Yu IlHan kept continuing to work. In this space where time had stopped, clear sounds of hammering endlessly rang out.

Even though he was having a life-and-death battle until moments ago, Yu IlHan was neither nervous nor hurried. He saw through the 2 months given to him, and paced himself in order to use that time fully.

This wasn’t possible for just anyone. It was only possible for Yu IlHan, who had experienced the forgotten millennium on Earth. It wasn’t a lie at all when Spiera said that Yu IlHan was fitting as the owner of the Hourglass of Eternity.

The armor was repaired soon, and the spear also became sharper than before. It was a little interesting to see that the spear head was melting in the furnace even though it wasn’t affected when he used the skill.

“Next is the shields…”

Yu IlHan poured out the damaged shields from his Cross Bag.

The 1000 shields of top quality, made fro Orochi’s hard bones and leather, had all become tatters without a single exception.

[…….Do you think you can repair all that?] (Erta)

“I can’t use the leather. As for the bones……. It’s fortunate that they have metallic properties. I think I’ll be able to use them again somehow if I melt them down.”

Then, there was only one conclusion.

‘That moment’ had arrived.

The moment of dismantling!

“I really want to dismantle the 3rd class ones too.”

[Please hold back!] (Erta)

The number of 3rd class monsters he had hunted since he came to Dareu numbered over 35 thousand. It was a wonder that the Cross Bag was still holding out!

Although they were smaller than 4th class beings, as every one of them were monsters with over several meters of height, if he dismantled them all, the time limit for the barrier would be finished without him being able to do anything substantial.

“Yes, let’s do that after we go back to Earth. The clans that would buy the higher equipment next season just became lucky.”

[It seems you need to make a higher tier than higher equipment. Equipment made from dragonkin would be different in some ways.] (Erta)

Yu IlHan grumbled along with Erta before starting to dismantle the 4th class dragons. He equipped sharp dragon bone knives in both of his hands, and did a sword dance as parts of the dragon’s corpse came out the Cross Bag!

It was over quite quickly when he was dismantling the Orochi, but now that he had to dismantle over 900 dragons, the sword dance continued for several hours without rest.

Yu IlHan wielded the knives in both of his hands with his peak-level focus, while taking out the corpses from the Cross Bag at the same time, and the dragon corpses came out in a grand fashion, but was ground, in a matter of minutes, into fine pieces that seemed suitable for display within the British Museum. Below that, a bucket made of special material was placed to hold the dragon’s blood.

It was truly a grotesque scene, but how could it look so cool with Yu IlHan in the center? – Erta watched the scene dumbfoundedly.

The dismantling finished and Yu IlHan was left with 18 4th class magic stones.

“1/5 is bullshit. It’s more like 1/50.”

[But dragons have a possibility of having a Dragon HEART!] (Erta)

“Yes, but I got none.”

[That’s true.] (Erta)

Even though he had taken out the hearts of those dragons out carefully each time, there were none that looked like a Dragon HEART.

Damn, it’s a heart but it isn’t a HEART.

[Dragon HEARTs are written with capitals, and normal hearts aren’t. You can just think of it as a proper noun.] (Erta)

“Thanks for the easy-to-understand info, Ertawagon.”

Closing his short-lived, but grand dream of a Dragon HEART, Yu IlHan threw the separated dragon bones into the Purple Flame burning inside the furnace. Looking at it now, it seemed that he had to make another furnace first from dragon bones as the current one looked like it would melt at any moment.

[Yu IlHan, what do we do with all these hearts?] (Erta)

“Just gather them on one side. I might be able to make something from it.”

[Now you’re ordering an angel around…] (Erta)

Even while grumbling, Erta gathered the hearts in one place. Since the huge bucket that stored the dragon’s blood was around 70% filled, she just threw them all in there. Seeing the red and hideous hearts floating in the black sea of blood was quite a shocking experience.

[It’s my first time seeing so many dragon hearts in one place. Well, it wasn’t that I met dragons often even when I was 4th class.] (Erta)

In fact, before she became an angel, it was not an easy thing for her to hunt a dragon either. She was a mage, and had high attack power but had feeble defense and had to endure a long chant.

In regards to that, Yu IlHan could just be said as amazing. Although it was true that he was under the support of frightening equipment and the skill known as Angel’s Support, from his current rate of growth, it wouldn’t be long until he surpassed Erta’s power when she was a lower existence.

There were more beings that gained the potential for infinite growth thanks to the contact with the Akashic Records than there were grains of sand on the beach, but very rarely do those people reach the realm of higher existences. As such, no matter how great of a hero one may be, it was difficult to say if that person would become a higher existence or not.

However, what about Yu IlHan? Wouldn’t he become a higher existence like it was nothing?

[If you really gain the possibility of a higher existence…… Will you really come to us?] (Erta)

As she knew that Yu IlHan wouldn’t be aware even if lightning struck right next to him due to him working, Erta muttered out loud while looking at Yu IlHan. It seemed he really hadn’t heard her as he kept hammering away.

Time flowed past.

Yu IlHan made 3000 new shields using the overflowing dragon bones and leather.

They were all at least of unique rank, and 5 of them luckily became legend rank, obtaining incomparable defense power compared to the others.

He wouldn’t have thought so much if they were all unique, but now that he came out with 5 legend rank ones, Yu IlHan became severely conflicted.

“It would be good if I group up the legend and leave them on one side.”

[It would be difficult even for you to differentiate between the shields in your Cross Bag, right?] (Erta)

He really wanted to retort to her, but frustratingly, she was right.

Other than the fact that they were of legend rank, the outer appearance of those shields didn’t look that different from the unique ranked ones. Even though he became used to the remote collection function of the Cross Bag, it was difficult for him to pick out the 5 legend ones amongst 1000 shields that were identical to each other.

Then what should he do? Normally, people use money when they encounter problems that they cannot solve by themselves. With that, most of them are solved. Yu IlHan also came to know of that method quite recently. Using money when necessary brings miracles!

As such, Yu IlHan took out a 4th class magic stone.

[Yu IlHan!?] (Erta)

“That’s one small step for me, one giant leap for shield-kind!”

[NASA will hunt you down!] (Erta)

All the shields had undergone mana crafting once with 3rd class magic stones. He even cut out the heads of the 3rd class dragons for the magic stones without dismantling.

SInce they had undergone mana crafting, there might not be any changes even if he imbued the power of magic stones.

However, Yu IlHan wanted to believe in the legend rank. If it was the shields that had acquired legend rank within the same conditions as the other shields, he believed that they would be able to endure a 4th class magic stone!

[If you’re trying to tie 5 of them into one by mana crafting, you’re doing something similar to when you made the armor and the robe, no?] (Erta)

“Oh yeah. Now that I think about it, I went through the pains of attaching those options onto the armor and the robe, but I never even used them.”

That couldn’t be helped. 3rd class ones were usually over with a single hit, and 4th class ones wouldn’t be damaged with just that. In any case, the experience from last time helped so it was fine!

Yu IlHan layered the 5 legend rank shields neatly, and placed one hand on top of them while grabbing on the 4th class magic stone which was emitting a frightening but brilliant light.

He closed his eyes to focus, and wished dearly while activating mana crafting.

“Please let me be able to use those 5 shields together!”

At that moment, a blinding light flashed. As Yu IlHan wished for a miracle, it actually happened.

The 5 artifacts all emitted light and were being completed into a single artifact!

[Aegis]

[Rank – Legend]

[Defense – 7,200]

[Options –

35% increase in defense

Nullifies critical strikes at a certain probability

Reflects a portion of physical and magical damage when hit at a certain probability.

Can move according to the user’s will with the use of mana]

[Durability – 13,500/13,500]

[A single artifact comprised of 5 legend rank shields. The crafter that had a deep comprehension on each of the artifacts succeeded in tying the 5 shields into one with the combination of his exceptional mana crafting ability and the pure magic stone. If this artifact accompanies the owner and gains records and achievements, then it may perhaps advance to the next stage.]

“Huh……”

Due to the unexpected gain, Yu IlHan was at a loss. Erta was at an even more of a loss.

[There’s a limit for blind pigs finding acorns! This is almost Heavenly Cloud Gathering Sword-tier!] (Erta)

“4th class magic stones sure are amazing!”

With a slightly off opinion, Yu IlHan tried inserting mana into Aegis to lift them into the air.

As expected, the simple-looking 4th option was more than he had expected.

The 5 shields could be formed into a flower-like form to make a huge defensive layer, and may be layered into a single sturdy shield, and could even be spun around Yu IlHan to protect him from all sides. There were many uses to it.

Of course, he would be able to recreate that phenomenon to a certain point with his Cross Bag, but since they were moving real-time according to Yu IlHan’s will, it would be a huge difference in actual battle.

Thinking that he had earned an extra life, Yu IlHan stored the Aegis into his Cross Bag. He couldn’t use such a life-saving equipment so early on. As he had planned, he would use them in the final fight.

Whenever miracles occurred, they occurred coincidentally in unexpected places. This was the moment where one of the artifacts that would represent him, was born.



Chapter 94

After creating Aegis, Yu IlHan proceeded to enhance the dragon-hunter tools. Although he couldn’t make new Giant’s Rubber Bands without the Eternal Flame, he installed the dragon-hunter tools with what little rubber bands he had before strengthening them with the newly acquired dragon bones and leather.

Amongst those, what Yu IlHan focused on the most was the dragonhunter ballista, rather, it was more like a huge crossbow.

[Dragonhunter’s Frightening and Sturdy Dark python Ballista]

[Rank – Legend]

[Attack Power – 6,500]

[Options –

50% increase in attack power against dragonkin

40% increase in penetrative power

Endures momentarily even if receiving shock beyond durability]

[Durability – 7,988/8,100]

[A large weapon optimized to hunt dragons. The sharpened thick and big dragon bones are used as the arrows, and up to 15 shots can be shot out continuously.]

There were a total of 6 ballistas he had made after investing 3rd class magic stones without holding back, and they could now shoot out continuously. To use them as soon as the barrier fell apart, he installed and fixed the ballista on the ground.

It was ridiculously difficult to load them even when he had deployed Superhuman Strength, but that wasn’t much of a problem since they would be reloaded automatically using the rebound force from when they shoot the arrows.

“Ignoring 3rd class ones, I need to start off by killing at least 6 4th class ones.”

[And you’re talking about 4th class ones here.] (Erta)

Yu IlHan attached ropes on each of the triggers of the ballistas and tied them up. This was for him to shoot all 6 ballistas at the same time when the barrier’s time was up.

“You think they’ll be able to survive with 15 big and beautiful dragon bones embedded in them?”

[There are still over 30 even if that happens. This, isn’t really usable if you use it once, no?] (Erta)

“Yes. But it’s alright. This is just the start.”

Each and every one of the dragons were monstrous beings that did not tire out even while endlessly casting magic and flying around. Would traps and landmines work on them? Not a chance.

There cannot exist a trap that can instakill a dragon. If it was possible, he would make around 30 ballistas and install them everywhere, but there were no more Giant’s Rubber Bands.

Then, what did he have to do? The answer Yu IlHan came up with was to give up on killing them and focus on tying them down in their places as much as possible.

Firstly, he installed the pillar & harpoon sets he made with Orochi materials around the place. Then, he went into modifying them. He focused on tying down the dragons as much as possible.

Naturally, he had invested the 3rd class magic stones on each of the pillars so that they wouldn’t budge even while the dragons rampaged around; the harpoons so that the dragons wouldn’t be able to pull it out even if they use all their power; and the ropes so that they wouldn’t snap no matter what the dragons did to them – whether it would be pulling, burning or freezing due to magic.

Such was the completion of the haunting ghost harpoon set.

“I’d tie them down with this, and kill the others.”

[I can’t even retort since your idea of tying 4th class dragons down with harpoons is too cool.] (Erta)

Was Yu IlHan’s mentioning of the Moby Dick all for this moment? – Erta ended up acknowledging him.

Embedding tens of pillars within the barrier area, Yu IlHan continued by creating grenades that worked through the explosion of magic stones, with the shrapnels of dragon bones he was left with after the crafting, and made quite a few pile bunkers that burst apart after a single shot in compensation for extremizing destructive ability, after considering that it was difficult to load them amidst of battle.

He did pour out 3rd class magic stones for all of that, but even that wouldn’t finish a dragon with a single strike. However, it would probably be enough to deal proper damage. Yu IlHan wanted just that.

Lastly, he made an insurance.

[Insurance?] (Erta)

“Yup.”

It was unknown when a crisis may rise within battle. Now that he had already used the Hourglass of Eternity, shouldn’t he make at least one or two emergency escape bombs?

As such, He picked one grenade and one pile bunker and invested a 4th class magic stone on them. Even though they were consumables that would be gone after a single use!

[You are aware how valuable 4th class magic stones are, right?] (Erta)

“Of course, I do. But my life is even more valuable.”

The power within 4th class magic stones were incredible as he had expected. The destructive power of the finished grenade was near 9,000, and pile bunker was near 10,000. It was a pity that they would disappear after a single use.

It wasn’t that he hadn’t thought of making another set of equipment using 4th class magic stones and dragon parts, but not to mention his spear, as his armor had an increase in fire attribute option, it was specialized for fighting dragons.

To extract them, it was a loss since Orochi material were better than the dragon bones he had right now, and if he made a 4th class magic stone and other dragon bones to make a whole new equipment, its performance wouldn’t surpass the current ones even if they turned out to be epic ranked ones. This was the reason he had focused on making subsidiary equipment.

When everything was finished, there were 10 days left until the barrier time ran out. Erta checked the durability of the barrier before speaking to Yu IlHan with a nod.

[Now you’ve got every insurance you can make, right? There’s some time left, so get plenty of rest and simulate the battle.] (Erta)

“No, I’m not finished making insurance though?”

[You want to use more 4th class magic stones?] (Erta)

“Not at all.”

As he didn’t know when he would be able to acquire any 4th class magic stones again when he went back to Earth, he had no thought on wasting them now.

Yu IlHan shook his head with a laugh, and spoke words that were incomprehensible to Erta, to an opponent that was incomprehensible to Erta.

“Orochi, you understand me, right? Why don’t we have a talk about the future?”

[Kroaaar!] (Orochi)

This was the moment when Yu IlHan commenced creating the ‘last insurance’ just in case.

When he finished doing everything he could, there was only one hour until the barrier time was up.

There was no meaning in training skills in that short time; wouldn’t it be better to just get some sleep?

-thought Yu IlHan while clearing up the furnace when he smelled a refreshing smell. It was something he didn’t feel until just a moment ago.

“What is it, Erta? Did you take out some food from your inventory? Don’t be stingy by eating alone and give me some too.”

[Huh, no. It’s that, I think you need to see for yourself.] (Erta)

To Yu IlHan who sounded like he was joking, Erta replied in a strangely concerned voice.

Now that he looked back, she had left Yu IlHan’s head and was flying around the place, and was now looking at the special material bucket that he had used to store dragon’s blood.

“That’s the bucket for the blood. I should clean this up and store it.”

[Actually, I put the dragon hearts in there, two months ago.] (Erta)

“Over 900 hearts?”

[To be exact, it’s 965 of them.] (Erta)

Even while tilting his head at Erta’s stiff voice, Yu IlHan approached her and gave the bucket a glance.

There was a lake of transparent rubies.

“No, there’s no way jewels can become lakes.”

[Not at all. Your description is very suitable.] (Erta)

Yu IlHan rejected his own opinion on it, but Erta exclaimed at his expression of words.

It was exactly like that. Even though the dragon’s blood definitely looked black and unclear in the past, it had become a ruby-red liquid emitting light all by itself. It was probably the hearts that affected the blood, but there was no way of knowing the exact mechanism.

The aroma was from the liquid. Yu IlHan had no way of understanding what was happening.

“Please explain, Ertawagon.”

[I don’t know either.] (Erta)

“You really don’t help, do you?”

[I’ve never gathered so many dragon hearts in one place before! I assure you that no other angels have done that either!] (Erta)

The retorting Erta looked so cute. If the Erta of the time when she just met Yu IlHan, saw this, then she would probably deny reality.

Yu IlHan patted Erta with a laugh, and neared one of his hand to the liquid that was emitting faint light. Erta became shocked when she saw that.

[Dragon’s blood is dangerous. It may perhaps have gotten even more dangerous.] (Erta)

“Don’t look down on my Extreme Poison Resistance I trained with the bloodrink.”

However, both Erta’s worry and Yu IlHan’s resolve were in vain. The liquid did not affect Yu IlHan’s hand in any way.

No, to be exact, there was a stinging sensation, but this was almost the same feeling as the bloodrink. Meaning, it was just extreme poison.

When his hand touched the surface of the liquid, a line of green text appeared on Yu IlHan’s retina.

[????]

[An alcoholic drink that was born after dragon’s blood was filtered and matured through numerous mana organs, which, as a result, had its poison neutralized, and had its life force and recovery power amplified. If one’s an owner of a body that is not affected by extreme poison, it becomes possible to recover health and a little bit of magic when consuming this. The dragons’ regeneration energy piled up through the years is plenty, so one would not need sleep.]

[You have created a drink that was never discovered before in any place! The skill, Cooking, increases by a large amount to level 49. The same cooking would result in better effects, and the possibility of thinking up a recipe by just looking at the ingredients, increases]

[You have created an alcoholic drink using the essence of dragonkin of at least 4th class. Although one would not be able to consume this without extreme poison resistance, its distinguished aroma and exceptional effects are all worthy of praise. You have the qualifications to name this alcoholic drink.]

Lightning flashed in Yu IlHan’s head. In fact, he didn’t understand exactly what had happened, but he might have discovered a good potion to replace bloodrink!

Yu IlHan and Erta named this alcoholic drink, ‘Breath’.

There was a total of 112 liters after the maturation process which concentrated the drink by tens of times. When he moved them all into cheer packs for ease of drinking, there was only 30 seconds to the end of the barrier.

[You’re ready, right?]

“Of course, this is a winning fight for me.”

Yu IlHan grabbed on the rope connected to the 6 ballistas, and retracted the barrier himself at the same time he pulled on the rope.

An explosive noise that sounded like the end of the world, ruled the space.

[Kahak!]

[Khaaak!]

[Critical Hit!]

[He moved at an absurd speed!]

[The bones are…….. Khak!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

6 ballistas all spat out fire while attacking the dragons they were aiming for. Yu IlHan had a simple standard when setting the targets – ones that were close to him, and ones that were trying to cast magic.

His aim was not off even by a little bit, and the dragons fell to the ground helplessly after being hit by 15 continuous bone arrows without the chance to cast any magic.

[You have earned 1,099,384,055 experience.]

[You have earned 1,211,109,334……]

[You have……]

6 dragons instantly met their deaths and text blurred Yu IlHan’s vision but Yu IlHan didn’t care about it anymore.

After activating the ballistas by pulling on the rope, he immediately started throwing harpoons before the dragons that were sent out due to the barrier pinpointed his position. His movement was something that was impossible if not for the fact that he was sure of the results of his actions.

[Kyaaak! You!]

[He played a vicious trick!]

[How can it be… Did he deceive our eyes!?]

Yes, please keep chatting on like that! Regardless of whether the dragons were panicking at the sudden change in situation or not, Yu IlHan did not stop until he threw all the harpoons he had set up beforehand.

Reta, who hadn’t entered the barrier, realized what had happened by then.

[You activated the barrier!] (Reta)

“Yeah.”

The dragons who panicked due to the sudden change in situation also finally seem to realize what was happening by the time their bodies were riddled with harpoons, as they tried various methods to cut the rope, or pull out the pillars in the ground, but if they were pulled out so easily, then Yu IlHan wouldn’t bother making them in the first place.

[His health has recovered! Just what happened just then!?]

[That’s not important at all right now, what’s important is that we need to kill him!]

[Like I said, we can’t kill him!]

[Dammit, cut this rope for me!]

The dragons were literally in a pit of chaos. A portion failed in their magic as their target instantly switched places, and another portion was struggling due to the harpoons, and some were casting magic in order to help those dragons, and caused team-kills while doing that!

[That’s foul play!]

“Hah!”

Even within this chaos, never did Yu IlHan aim for a 3rd class being. They were just minor mobs that would be swung around according to the dragons’ movements. Even getting hit by them didn’t hurt so much, so he just ignored them.

He focused only on killing the dragons!

[Khaaak!]

A harpoon thrown by Yu IlHan pierced a dragon’s left hip. The dragon rapidly decelerated while charging forward so it crashed into the ground, and into its own kin.

[Critical Hit!]

[Khaaa!]

Dealing a critical strike using Spear of Untraceable Trajectory just before the dragon crashed on the ground, Yu IlHan ran away from the berserking dragon and threw yet another harpoon. This repeated several times, and the battlefield was falling into a chaotic mess due to the tied up dragons and the flames that they were spitting out.

If they had regained their rationality, they would have fought Yu IlHan more calmly, but Yu IlHan had driven the battle situation into the extremes by messing with their minds with the help of the ballistas and the harpoons.

The problem was that he was moving around while getting hit by all the flames that the dragons were shooting out, so he looked like he was about to die at any moment.

The hot-headed dragons fell into an illusion that they could kill Yu IlHan quite soon if they undertook a little more damage, and kept going overboard, and as a result, they were all tackled by harpoons and crashed into the ground.

Even though the person in question, Yu IlHan, was recovering his health while sucking on the Breath-filled cheer pack!

“Dang, this has high alcohol content.”

[Just what happened within the barrier?] (Reta)

Asked Reta dumbfoundedly after seeing a dying human playing around with tens of dragons.

However, Erta had no words to answer her. Even she didn’t expect this situation.

All she saw was that Yu IlHan worked on metalworking, and installing pillars connected to harpoons and installing the ballistas. Never did she think that all of that had been done with the help of meticulous calculations.

However, she was wrong. Even while metalworking, Yu IlHan simulated the battle many times, and deployed the harpoons and the ballistas according to those simulations, and meticulously controlled his movements after the barrier was dispelled in order to lead the situation to his predictions.

The two months that Erta thought about, and the two months that Yu IlHan had experienced were fundamentally different compared to each other. If she thought about recharging and enhancing equipment, Yu IlHan had created a sure-victory battle tactic.

He was now the ruler of the battlefield.

His innate talent and a millennium of hard work, shined for the first time through the body that had evolved through level ups!



Chapter 95

It would be the best if chaos ensued until the battle ended, but there was a limit to that. The dragons became wary when their numbers decreased by a significant amount, and analysed the situation around themselves in a more objective way, and finally understood that Yu IlHan’s weakness was exposed as he was assaulting the dragons.

Presence. To bring out the maximum effects of the battlefield he had created, he was moving around all over the place, and could not use his strongest card – his concealment.

From that moment, a portion of the dragons changed their strategy. They became wary to not give into Yu IlHan’s provocation and attacked him with long range magic. From that moment onwards, Yu IlHan’s injuries started increasing.

In fact, Yu IlHan thought that he had done this more than enough. He had taken back much more than he invested since the dragons were more stupid than he had expected!

Amongst them, some 3rd class dragonkin tried to pull out the pillars embedded in the grounds by diving towards the earth and flipping over the entire soil, but Yu IlHan just ignored them. If the pillars and harpoons were something that could be nullified by 3rd class beings, then he wouldn’t have made them in the first place.

[Ugh, how does he endure so well even though he looks so weak?]

[We need to freeze him first! Shit! Why was I born with the powers of fire!]

The right moment arrived. He used his harpoons enough, and the dragons started leaving behind their allies tied by the harpoons and started to act to kill Yu IlHan. Now, Yu IlHan also needed to go to the next stage.

Immediately after he decided, Yu IlHan kicked off the ground into the air. While the dragons tied to the ground couldn’t move, he planned to decrease the airborne dragons as much as possible.

[Now we don’t care anymore. Die!]

A completely intact 4th class dragon charged towards him. The dragon’s grandeur while charging with all sorts of strengthening and support magic cast on itself was very vicious.

However, Yu IlHan checked behind before he took out a pile bunker from his Cross Bag, and shot the pile bunker as soon as the dragon arrived near him and opened its mouth!

[Critical Hit!]

[Khaaak!]

The might of the pile bunker which focused all its power into a single shot, could be called peerless; It broke through all the strengthening and defense magic before piercing through the tongue and the lower jaw. WHen Yu IlHan transferred the weight, the dragon fell by itself.

Meanwhile, due to the rebound from the pile bunker Yu IlHan was shot backwards without the need for a re-leap. He took out another pile bunker. Everything around him were dragons and dragonkin anyway.

“Huu.”

[You’re using it to attack and as a driving force at the same time.] (Erta)

“Hup!”

Ordinary humans, and even humans with exceptional battle power are bound to be ruled by the environment they are living in.

They could only panic when they are suddenly thrown into the air as there was no footing nor was it easy to focus, so be it swords or guns, it was difficult to bring out their proper abilities. On top of that, if they were fighting a monster who had superior aerial maneuverability, it was very easy for them to get hurt.

However, Yu IlHan had in the end, due to the continuous aerial fights he partook in since coming to Dareu, become used to moving around in the way he wants while maintaining situational awareness around him in all 6 directions (front, behind, left, right, up, down) to fight multiple enemies.

Despite not having wings, he was bringing out enough changes in vectors just with re-leaps and pile bunker rebounds!

[Now, capture him!]

[Khwaaak!]

A portion of the dragons opened their mouths and breathed out violent flames to attack Yu IlHan. At this point, it would be reasonable if they realized that Yu IlHan was strong against fire, but as their innate attributes were based on fire, they had no other choice.

Yu IlHan recklessly went head in towards the flames that seemed like they could eviscerate the entire world. Now that he had experienced the pain of getting burnt so many times, he had gotten used to it.

His eyes shined sharply even within the pouring flames to look at the roof of the dragon’s mouth.

“Hup!”

Yu IlHan re-leaped within the flames. Shooting out from the flames, Yu IlHan held pointed the pile bunker upwards and struck it on the roof of the dragon’s mouth.

[Kyaaa!]

“Eat this too!”

It was a little disappointing to leave just a single attack, so Yu IlHan threw a few grenades into the punctured hole and on top of the tongue, before quickly leaving the premises.

[This way!]

[If we miss this opportunity more of our kin will die, attack!]

However, the other dragons all started activating magic at that moment as if they had waited for it. Even though their ally dragon will suffer more damage in this situation, they became enraptured in the thought to kill Yu IlHan after seeing so many of their kin dying!

Now, they couldn’t care less about Destruction Demon Army or whatever. To them, Yu IlHan was an archenemy they couldn’t share the skies with! An enemy they had to kill at all costs!

The situation was pretty clear just from looking at the fact that they were using more mana to their magic. Only 3rd class dragonkin died from the friendly fire.

[Yu IlHan, you’re surrounded!]

“Careful not to get hit by stray fire.”

Shields were made for these kind of moments. He called out hundreds of shields to encapsulate him.

Would it sound like this if you fry billions of beans with many different frying pans? Numerous and varied magic hit on the layers upon layers of shields and terrorized Yu IlHan’s eardrums. He could only endure with the thought that this was much better than getting hit head on.

Although the time they could stay in the air was very short, the shields that appeared exactly at the moment when the magic was about to strike, splendidly did their job before returning to the Cross Bag. Of course, as Yu IlHan couldn’t block all the damage from the numerous magic, he had to take out a cheer pack hurriedly.

[You’re drinking ‘Breath’. Health increases rapidly and and rest energy recharges. A little bit of Magic increases. All battle senses become sharper.]

When the hundreds of shields disappeared and Yu IlHan appeared completely intact, the dragons became enraged.

[Y, you monster!]

[We can’t let him live. They’re making a mistake. They got their priorities wrong. We need to erase this guy before anything else!]

Seeing their reactions, Yu IlHan giggled. Seeing that even the calmer dragons were starting to panic, it seemed that Yu IlHan had a talent for taunting enemies.

Yu IlHan deployed re-leap and approached one of them before taking out a new pile bunker.

He still had a lot of weapons left; and the alcoholic drink he made from their blood was recovering his health endlessly.

“You’re too late to realize that, fellows. Well, do your best.”

When Yu IlHan barely landed on the ground, the sky was already coloring red. Not due to the flames from the dragons, nor from their blood – It was becoming sunset.

Yu IlHan collected the last dragon that died to his Cross Bag before calling out a piece of information onto his retina.

[Killing 4th class 1,000/1,000]

“Fuu, that was easy.”

[Hah, yeah right.] (Erta)

[You really did it.] (Reta)

In contrast to Erta’s sarcastic remark, Reta expressed her heartfelt exclamation. Yu IlHan laughed and sucked on the cheer pack. It was not Breath but Bloodrink.

“It’s good that Breath recovers my health and my rest energy, but the problem is that it makes me dizzy.”

[That’s an expected side effect.] (Erta) 

He filled his health completely, and even completed repairing his equipment temporarily. There was not a single dragonkin corpse on the beach. Only remains of pile bunkers were around, along with ballistas and harpoons without their targets, which were all reflecting the dull light of sunset to reveal a cruel sight.

He was worried that his Cross Bag may really burst, but he decided to believe in Erta’s words that she will increase the capacity even if she had to call out a hundred angels.

Then now, it was time to open the gift box.

[Class advancement quest complete! Will you advance to Blazing Reaper?]

“It’s finally time.”

[It really was a long time.] (Erta)

[Class advancement, eh. So it already comes to this. You really are absurdly fast.] (Erta)

Yu IlHan achieved 2nd class in the fight with Reta. Even though not much time had passed since that had happened, he was now getting his 3rd, which made Reta stupefied.

[I’m not even completely ready yet but……. It can’t be helped.] (Reta)

However, her following words were slightly strange. Yu IlHan asked while tilting his head.

“Can’t help what?”

[If you acquire the same tier as what I once was by advancing then the probability of success for my magic will be infinitely lowered.] (Reta)

Yu IlHan’s brows twitched. This sounded quite worrying.

“Magic?”

[Yes, magic.] (Reta)

The moment Reta said that, everything changed.

Starting from the land that Yu IlHan was stepping on, blue light started reaching endlessly towards all directions – beyond the small island into the seas. Perhaps it may reach the end of the continent.

Seeing that unrecognizable geometric shapes were appearing within the blue light that covered the surroundings, Yu IlHan thought os something.

“Is this the magic formation?”

[Correct. This is the formation that the ancient empire cast over the entire continent. It’s an amazing magic formation that could be considered the essence of elven magic. It’s also the formation that you’ve been using for mere spatial transfers until now.] (Reta)

‘Mere’ spatial transfer… Yu IlHan asked back in a bitter voice.

“So it has other uses.”

[It is said that the emperor of the elven empire pursued eternal life with this formation; casting away the aged flesh, and transferring the soul to another person’s body.] (Reta)

Yu IlHan thought that that kind of magic was an evil magic that beings fit to be last bosses would use.

[I, who was about to become its sacrifice, could kill him with the help of my allies, and became the new master of the formation. It was possible only because the dragons caused chaos in the empire.] (Reta)

However, she could not use it. The power of the dragons were too strong, and soul transfers were difficult to activate against opponents that had similar or higher tiers as them.

At the last moment, she cast soul transfer against a dragon, which made her fall into a becoming a Breaker. However, she was an exceptional deathgod, and gathered her fragmented soul, which should have disappeared naturally, and succeeded in imbuing them into her own body and her artifact.

Then, she finally met a sacrifice; with the name Yu IlHan, and the one that had more talent than anyone else.

As such, all of her words until now, except the fact that dragons were her archenemies, were lies!

Yu IlHan tried to lift his arm, but he couldn’t.

Now, he tried to commence the advancement with just his will alone, but no matter how much he willed it, no text appeared on his retina. His physical body did not listen to him at all.

[You are extremely exceptional, but have no sense of crisis. I think that you will lose your life while focusing on enjoying yourself like that.] (Reta)

Reta laughed coldly.

[I was once a deathgod; one that specialized in handling the power of souls. That was why I could imbue my soul into an artifact, and could activate the elven magic formation despite not having a physical body. Did you not realize? That I was too free? That I could harbor treacherous intentions?] (Reta)

“Would it sound like a lie if I told you that I wanted to believe in you?”

Now, it was difficult to even speak. That was natural, as an enormous magic formation installed over an entire continent was wholly activating in order to bind Yu IlHan.

That was a truly enormous power. Thinking about it, Yu IlHan thought that the magic stones he used to activate the formation may have not been used completely and were used to store energy within the formation.

[Without fear, You poured the life force of many to me who was dwelling within your soul. That made my thought processes more distinct, and enhanced what little powers I had left.

Aah, you should have realized that there was a problem when the elven magic formation recognized me as the master and not you!] (Reta)

Now that he heard it, it was really like that. She was a mere fragmented soul. Even though she was a thought that could not show herself outside even after eating all that lifeforce, Reta Kar’iha could use the magic formation of her own will as the master.

Then, she could also use the formation to go against Yu IlHan’s will.

[It was so difficult for me to hold back my laughter while you were talking about your predictions with this magic formation. Future prediction? Dragons do what? YOU’RE WRONG! This magic formation is something that NO ONE can do anything about other than the elves. It is the grand formation to lead our race into prosperity!] (Reta)

“Ugh.”

The power of the magic formation that bound Yu IlHan started being sucked into his body. An enormous amount of mana that he could not endure whittled away his body and his psyche.

[I will take over your body. I will defeat all the dragons belonging to Destruction Demon Army, and ally with the Garden of Sunset in order to develop Dareu once again.] (Reta)

Reta laughed. As her soul started off within Yu IlHan’s body, soul transfer magic activated successfully.

As she had already started to take control of Yu IlHan’s senses, Yu IlHan’s lips were twitching upwards without his will.

[Please do not believe in others so easily from now on. Oh, your soul will disappear so that kind of realization is no good for you now.] (Reta)

[Well, I’m not so sure about that.] (Erta)

Erta, who was watching until now, finally spoke. It was very strange considering the emotions she had towards Yu IlHan, but Reta was too much im ecstasy to realize at all.

Erta was still on top of Yu IlHan’s head, but her expression even looked slightly proud.

[I don’t think you need to teach him that.] (Erta)

[What?] (Reta)

Just as when Erta spoke, and Reta snorted.

Yu IlHan spoke with difficulty.

“Wake up already.”

When he spoke in a whisper-like voice, a sleeping thought inside him opened its eyes.

The thought that even Reta, who had enhanced her powers through the magic formation and the life force, had forgotten about.

“If you’re up, bite her to death.”

[Kroaaar!]

In the two months that didn’t last an instant.

Within the barrier that ‘Reta could not enter’, Yu IlHan let the Orochi eat ‘all’ of the life force of dragonkin he had acquired until now. And now, that Orochi was roaring loudly.

[Orochi……. How? I, it’s the barrier! You, you knew already! You didn’t believe in me! Since the start!] (Reta)

“Heh.”

Yu IlHan laughed at Reta’s shriek. It was a much more natural smile than before.

It wasn’t Reta who had moved. In the process of Reta’s thought being crushed by the Orochi, Yu IlHan had regained control of his body and laughed.

“You should listen to the end, shouldn’t you?”

[Kruooo!] (Orochi)

The last insurance for the opponent that he wanted to believe in, but couldn’t, had finally come into play.



Chapter 96

[I won’t lose to something like Orochi when I’ve come all this way!] (Reta)

[Kruooo!] (Orochi)

While the magic formation was still pulsating mana into Yu IlHan’s body while emitting blinding light, Yu IlHan, who had given up on controlling the vast amount of mana, felt the clash between two strong thoughts and waited until the conclusion.

On one side was a thought that left Yu IlHan’s control with the help of the magic formation, and on the other was a thought that became Yu IlHan’s loyal underling after suitable negotiation and conversation.

It was quite a strange feeling that he himself couldn’t do anything even though it was something happening within him.

He would have eaten popcorn if there was any, but it was unfortunate that there wasn’t. Yu IlHan resolved that he should carry around popcorn in his Cross Bag just in case something like this happens again.

[Damned dragonkin! Yes. I will kill you first!] (Reta)

[Kyahaaak!]

The two thoughts really did clash quite hard.

Although they were referred to as ‘thoughts’, in reality, they were fragments of souls. As compensation for acquiring Death Collector which absorbed and stored life force, he ended up absorbing the soul fragments that came along with it from time to time.

That, was akin to poison. The kind that would become his weapon if he used it well, but could devour him from the inside if he made a mistake.

When he absorbed the life force and thoughts of numerous monsters he killed through Death Collector after he became Rookie Reaper, there was once a time when all kinds of berserk screams and roars of monsters assaulted him.

Yu IlHan had won against them with just a shout, but in truth, it wasn’t over with just that much. If it wasn’t Yu IlHan who was in possession of a psyche that had endured a thousand years alone, one would not be able to reamin calm against the echoes of countless souls that resented him.

This was the compensation for acquiring the powers of a deathgod. Although he never had the opportunity to become aware of that as his mental defenses were very formidable, The power of an exceptional thought known as Reta Kar’iha, and her actions succeeded in changing Yu IlHan’s awareness.

Due to that, Yu IlHan reached the conclusion that he should establish rule over the other thoughts and thus, ruled over the Orochi. Only then could he be considered as having become a true deathgod.

[Kyaaak!] (Reta)

The battle ended as he had wished. Of course, it was the Orochi’s victory as he had devoured the powers of numerous dragonkin.

In the first place, Reta could be considered to have failed the moment Yu IlHan considered that Reta would betray him.

[How, can this be…….!] (Reta)

[Kyahaaa!] (Orochi)

The Orochi laughed in front of the enemy’s defeat. Yu IlHan also laughed.

This was the moment when he truly felt that the words ‘Yesterday’s enemy are today’s allies, and today’s allies are tomorrow’s enemies’ were true.

[Wait, I…… still!] (Reta)

Spoke Reta in a resentful voice.

Normally in situations like these, one would say ‘Any last words?’ or ‘Hmph, I can’t kill you so easily. You need to suffer a pain worse than death!’ and such useless stuff before getting counterattacked into a crisis, but Yu IlHan declared curtly as if to break all those clichés.

“Kill her.”

[Kyahu!] (Orochi)

The Orochi also replied curtly. Then, it bit Reta to death.

Reta was destroyed without being able to scream a single syllable.

At the same time Reta’s soul completely disappeared within Yu IlHan’s soul, The light from the magic formation installed over the continent disappeared in an instant before silence and darkness pervaded the world. Yu IlHan had completely regained control of his body.

[Soul Transfer magic has been cancelled. The mana piled up in the elven empire’s magic formation expands the pool of mana. Your Magic increases permanently by 115.]

The magic was cancelled, but the overwhelming amount of mana that had flowed into his body in order to let Reta’s soul gain control over Yu IlHan fused with Yu IlHan as an alternative option and ended up expanding Yu IlHan’s pool of mana.

This was the moment when his magic stat, which was lower than all of his other stats, surpassed them all at once. His abnormal stats compared to the returnees who had well rounded stats finally got on track! 

He had just acquired a good enhancement during the period where he was worried that his mana was lacking.

Yu IlHan felt the amplification of the highly pure mana in his body, and the expansion of his mana pool and got excited as he muttered.

“So stats can increase like this. I think I want to go through that twice more.”

[Don’t play around with your life, I won’t let this happen again!…… Anyway, it’s good that it ended well.] (Erta)

But that wasn’t the end.

[You have absorbed the powers remaining in the mutated soul of Reta Kar’iha. Your power to govern souls increases exceptionally.]

[You have learned the skill, Soul Enchant. You can bestow a soul in your possession into an artifact. There is no chance of failure, and you can bring out more power of the soul within the artifact as your skill level rises.]

Was it because the Orochi did not eat Reta? Reta’s soul which had grown quite a lot was absorbed into himself and gave him a small final present.

He had finally acquired a method to use Death Collector! Although it only applied to the fragmented souls and not the life forces!

“That’s quite good just as Orochi grew up. Wait a little more. I’ll give you your action time.”

[Kroaaar!] (Orochi)

Perhaps because it had acquired power thanks to Yu IlHan, the Orochi’s answer was filled with vitality.

Thinking back, the deal between the Orochi and Yu IlHan was quite simple as well – the Orochi had only got on right away when Yu IlHan told it that it would eventually escape from the situation where it could only roar, and rampage around while being strengthened continuously by the thoughts and life forces he had acquired.

It was a shameless deal possible only for Yu IlHan, as he knew the dragonkin’s greed for power! People of Earth referred to this as ‘slave contract’ but Yu IlHan’ couldn’t care less.

Of course, there was another reason why the Orochi could only accept this deal – THere was no way Reta Kar’iha would have let it stay ‘alive’ when she took over Yu IlHan’s body. So it was a win-win scenario anyway!

[Is it because Reta Kar’iha regained quite a lot of her powers of when she was alive? Or was it the power of magic that strengthened her soul? I really didn’t think that you’d get a skill.] (Erta)

“Oh, yeah. Now that I think about it…”

Hearing Erta’s words, Yu IlHan remembered something as he flicked his finger. At that moment, a part of the magic formation under Yu IlHan’s feet momentarily let out faint light.

Erta blinked her eyes several times when she saw that.

[Yu IlHan, don’t tell me you…?] (Erta)

“Yup. I think it’s recognizing me as the master.”

Although he could only use this in Dareu, that was enough, as he still had more than 200 dragons to fight against.

And every single one of them was stronger than the Orochi!

For Reta Kar’iha, it was an ambitious betrayal in order to find her new life, as a result, Yu IlHan gained a lot of things indescribable with just words. The definition of a deathgod, the power of the Orochi, magic, and even new possibilities and skills!

At this point, he even got suspicious whether Reta had sacrificed herself in order to help Yu IlHan.

“Thanks, Reta. You were a real bitch, but I will save Dareu! With the power you gave me! How is it, I’m quite loyal, no?”

[How can you sound so evil when you’re doing something good…?] (Erta)

Although he had acquired many things, this wasn’t the end. The main point hadn’t even started.

Why did Reta bring her true colors out? Wasn’t it because Yu IlHan had achieved all the conditions for the class advancement? Yes. Yu IlHan could now advance into 3rd class!

Yu IlHan’s heart pounded more than ever before. More so than when he had created Black bone giant spear, or Aegis. He was more happy now than when he acquired 115 magic stats AND a skill related to souls thanks to Reta.

Perhaps it was because he was finally rewarded for his efforts.

[Will you advance into Blazing Reaper?]

“Of course.”

Yu IlHan nodded.

At that moment, the world exploded.

-Fin-

(-Fin- is translator’s joke. I mean, the world exploded you know!)

[You have become a Blazing Reaper. The effect of concealment increases by 20%. Attack power and critical hit rate increases by 40% when attacking an enemy in surprise. Attack power increases by 30% when fighting against lifeforms. Fire attribute resistance and fire attribute attack power increases by 20%.]

[All deathgod-category skill growth speed accelerates.]

[Absorbing the piled up records. You have become level 134. 50 Strength, 50 Agility, 35 Health, 40 Magic increases.]

[You have learned the active skill, Blaze. The skill, Blaze, processes the collected life force into mana in order to make superheat boiling in the depths of hell. At the current skill level, 1, you can momentarily bestow the superheat into a weapon.]

[The abilities of the sub-class, Angel’s Partner, increases. You can contract an additional angel.]

[You can acquire another sub-class.]

[Yu IlHan]

[Human]

[Main – Blazing Reaper 134]

[Sub – Angel’s Partner, Selectable]

[Title = Pancosmic Loner (Concealment becomes passive) and 7 others]

[Strength – 296 Agility – 295 Health – 249 Magic – 332] 

[Active skills – Deathgod Lv 25, Mana Crafting Lv 43, Soul Enchant Lv 1, Blaze Lv 1, Superhuman Strength Lv 42, Leap Lv 42]

[Passive skills – Physical Combat Lv Max, Blunt Weapon Mastery Lv Max, Sword Mastery Lv Max, Dismantling Lv Max, Blacksmithing Lv Max, Language Lv Max, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory Lv 13, Absolute Accuracy Lv 9, Transcendent Regeneration Lv 41, Cooking Lv 49, Critical hit Lv 41, Extreme Poison Resistance Lv 39, Death Collector Lv 38, Higher Curse Resistance Lv 18]

Putting aside acquiring the power a Blazing Reaper, Yu IlHan never expected that his level would increase by 35 at once and had to clench his teeth due to the sudden change in his physical body.

The feeling of his physical body being dragged onto the same level as his experience, suddenly increased the tier of his soul and didn’t feel that good. To compare, it felt like his body was being spun around after being forced into a washing machine.

[Are you alright, Yu IlHan? That absurd class advancement mission…] (Erta)

“My, insides are churning……!”

He felt as if his arm muscles were puffing up. Not just the muscles, even his blood boiled while acquiring a trait that belonged to a higher dimension, his skin cracked and regenerated, his bones were twisting, while expanding and contracting slightly before fixing itself and became sturdier.

If he focused, then he could feel the minute changes, but that only made his suffering more painful so Yu IlHan wished the change would be over quickly while closing his eyes.

After an unknown amount of time, his pain subsided as the change was completed. Yu IlHan opened his eyes slightly and heaved out a deep breath.

“Fuuu.”

[Good, You came to yourself before it was too late.] (Erta)

“How long did I take?”

[About 3 minutes. But you need to hurry. Yu IlHan, you should know why, right?] (Erta)

“Yup.”

He wished to just sleep after rolling around on the floor for a while, but the situation wasn’t so good.

A large number of dragons should know that there was a big battle between Yu IlHan and the other dragons, but as soon as the battle ended, the magic formation installed over the continent flashed and emitted mana.

Now, there would be no dragons that did not know of the connection between Yu IlHan and the formation. They should have realized that something serious had happened here, and would be running here at full speed to check.

“So, I need to wait here, and kill them as they come.”

[How cool.] (Erta)

Normally, people would select the ‘Run’ command without any hesitation for their safety, but Yu IlHan didn’t fit in with them

His mental fatigue was considerable, but it wasn’t for just one or two days that he lived with it. And at the same time, after undergoing 35 level ups, at least his health and magic recovered so Yu IlHan would welcome them any time.

He had yet to collect the ballistas and the harpoons. Phrasing in another way, he could use it again when this place became a battlefield!

The problem was time. Due to the unexpected wave of pain, his already lacking time was even more lacking to the point that he had to reduce time for his jokes.

‘I wanted to acquire a sub-class too. Well, not everything goes according to plan.’

He thought about whether there was a similar class to God’s Hammer within his subclasses, and whether acquiring it would allow him to repair his equipments once more before the battle began, but all his expectations were for naught.

However, there was something else which Yu IlHan was even more angry about.

It was that even though he, who had been suffering due to the lack of an active skill, had finally(!) acquired an active skill, Blaze, which he looked forward to so much, it seemed that he had to try out its power in real battle.

He didn’t even know how much mana or life force it used up, and how much a certain amount would last him, and how powerful it is, so wasn’t this pitiful!?

[I said this before, but you haven’t acquired a proper active skill beginning with your 1st class, it is very probable that the power was compressed into this single skill. You, know what I’m talking about, right?] (Erta)

“So it’s super-powerful?”

[Although, it might come with a super-powerful mana consumption!] (Erta)

He was too busy to retort Erta. Yu IlHan hurriedly patched up the ballistas to the best of his ability, and loaded each one of them with 15 dragon bone arrows, re-embedding the pillars into the ground, sharpening the harpoons, and preparing his Black bone giant spear in order to use it at a moment’s’ notice.

“Well, then…… Ah shit.”

[Did you think that they would wait?]

Nobody would have blamed them even if they were late, but as soon as he had finished, he could see enormous creatures over the horizon.

[Kruaaa!]

It was clearly an enemy and not one of Yu IlHan’s allied dragons. And a strong enemy over level 220. Yu IlHan slightly adjusted the angle of one ballista.

[Krrr, he was definitely here……?]

The dragon really was fitting of its level, as it was absurdly fast. The moment after it appeared on the horizon, it was now close enough for Yu IlHan to see each of its scales. Yu IlHan’s ballista was aiming at its eye without the slightest shaking.

One horrifying fact was, that this giant ballista that Yu IlHan was holding was affected by his concealment to hide its presence completely from the dragon.

“Well, then. Prepare….”

Imbuing his resentment towards dragons, Yu IlHan shot the ballista with all his power.

“….And shoot!”

[Critical Hit!]

[Kgyaaak!]

The dragon screamed. All dragonkin would suffer equally in front of the 15 continuous shots from the giant ballista! The dragons that appeared after that also had to suffer due to the ballistas and the harpoons.

Yu IlHan, who had finished his 3rd class advancement, and was waiting to acquire his subclass, was waiting for the battle to quickly end while killing off the dragons and dragonkin that were flying to the uninhabited island.

However, his small wish did not come true. Because, as the battle became more intense, all dragonkin remaining in Dareu rushed over to this island to bring a start to an unprecedentedly chaotic fight.



Chapter 97

Tens of dragons with levels over 220 and thousands of dragonkin with immense physical power nearing level 200 all gathered at an island that was tiny compared to their bodies.

Were the dragons having a home party? They would say now but as the host of the party, Yu IlHan thought that this was the most joyful party in the world.

Well, with regards to Yu IlHan’s growth that is.

When people neared level 130, one had to kill at least ten thousand monsters of the same level for a single level up. It was literally torture.

Leaving aside the difficulty of the hunt, it wasn’t like such a large number of monsters were constantly waiting to be slaughtered, so the pain they went through was really indescribable. They could only go at it slowly with their increased lifespans.

As such, even in worlds that had gone through the 3rd Great Cataclysm, 4th class beings were a rare sight. Only warriors that had stared death in the face 24/7 could barely level up to that point if they survive.

The 4th class mage that Yu IlHan finished off like swatting a fly was also a genius that came by once every tens of years. That genius took 227 years to reach 4th class.

Even after considering that the majority of the countries possessed one or two 4th class agents, 4th class beings were indeed rare existences.

However, all of that didn’t matter to Yu IlHan right now.

[You have earned 2,422,175,401 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 225 Flame Dragon.]

“Yeah! 2.4 billion exp really melts in the mouth!”

However, level 225 dragons gave out more than 200 times the experience of a level 130 monster so by simple calculations, Yu IlHan only needed to hunt 50 for a level up.

“How is it, easy right?”

[Yeah, right!] (Erta)

[Damned thiiing!]

Yu IlHan used the rebound of the pile bunker to fly in the air. Now that he had levelled up explosively after acquiring his 3rd class, he didn’t feel nervous at all even with tens of dragons surrounding him.

He didn’t know about Earth, but if it was here, where he was supported with the skill, Angel’s Support, he felt like he could go against 4th classes with his 3rd class strength.

On top of that, not only was he in possession of all sorts of dragonhunter equipment such as the Black giant bone spear, he could also use his concealment whenever he made the dragons lowered their guard, so he was no different from disaster to the dragons.

[Yu IlHan, lightning incoming! You need to block that!]

“Wow, that’s…”

Of course, Yu IlHan was still human. Although he had no problems taking their lives as he had a clear attack method, that didn’t change the fact that their attacks hurt him.

Although he could somehow endure fire magic with the increased fire attribute resistance due to his class advancement, binding magic, wind magic, ice magic, lightning magic, and other attribute magics were painful with just a single hit, and two hits were critical.

[Kyaaa! Die!]

“Iron Fortress!”

[You still haven’t given up on that name!?] (Erta)

If he took a serious hit, it wasn’t something that would make him cry, but something that would break his bones and burst his innards, so he could only use the three thousand shields that were neither iron nor a fortress.

It seemed that even all that wasn’t enough to block the attacks perfectly as Yu IlHan’s damage was not that small. He was only holding out while sucking on the Bloodrink and Breath!

[Critical Hit!]

[Kyaaak! Human!]

“Aren’t ya smart. Yes, I’m human.”

It didn’t hurt so much even when he was hunting dragons around level 210.

No, most of the time, he started off by decreasing their numbers as much as possible after setting things up on the ground, so the situation was a little different, but it was also true that the dragon’s magic abilities increased more than Yu IlHan’s resistance and defense, which rose along with his level.

Especially, it became more painful as the dragons started using other attribute magic than fire, as their levels were pretty high. In Yu IlHan’s view, they were only 10 levels apart, but to them, those same 10 levels were a proof of tens, or perhaps, hundred of years of existence. It was natural for them to use a variety of magic.

[Die!]

Even within those hellish conditions, the reason why Yu IlHan could endure and acquire experience was not only due to his power alone.

[I’m going now! Blowing Barrier!]

[Khhhk, damned bitch! You dare stand on a human’s side!]

Yes. Since all dragonkin in the continent were gathering on this particular uninhabited island, there were also dragons belonging to the Garden of Sunset. The dragonkin that were in a party with Yu IlHan!

[Yu IlHan-nim, I will bind him now!] (Lecidna)

“Watch your back instead!”

[Lecidna-nim. We’re going now as well!]

Yu IlHan honestly didn’t expect that much from their support, but they appeared just as he was about to get tired after killing 50 dragons and around 1000 3rd class dragonkin, along with the other dragons. They came out at the decisive moment and bit on the necks of the dragons that trusted in them.

True chaos ensued, and under the party members’ meticulous support, Yu IlHan could rampage around even more.

[Drive them back! Let’s wipe out any traces of those damned Destruction Demon Army guys!]

[Kroaaar!]

[Ugh! You low-level things!]

Unlike how the dragons belonging to the Garden of Sunset had an easy time identifying their allies and enemies due to the party, the other dragons weren’t in a party so the chaos kept being amplified. Moreover, since two sides of dragons were creating a messy fight, a perfect condition for Yu IlHan’s concealment and ambush was also created.

Yes, like right now!

[You have earned, 1,725,607,882 experience.]

[You have become level 137. 1 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 2 Magic increases.]

“Huh, The experience got split this time.”

Perhaps because an allied dragon damaged it a lot, Yu IlHan had lost about 30% of the experience, although, he levelled up despite that. This was the third level up after he became 3rd class. The fact that this all happened in one day spoke very well of the traits of this battlefield.

How many dragons died on this island since the beginning of the battle? Including those killed by the dragons belonging to the Garden of Sunset, or those he killed with their support, around 160 dragons should have been killed.

That was because there were less than 60 4th class dragons on the scene even after counting allies.

[A lot of them died huh. I was worried that the dragons belonging to the Garden of Sunset will get wiped out quickly as they were the absolute minority, but there still more than half that’s alive. Especially that dragon, her abilities are quite good.] (Erta)

“That’s true, but I think she’s set on supporting me. Look at her now.”

Leaping again in mid-air, Yu IlHan pointed at ‘that dragon’ that Erta talked about. The dragon with the golden scales harbored wind around her entire body while charging throughout the battlefield to distract the dragons.

[Storm Guard! Your opponent is me!] (Lecidna)

[Kroaaar!]

The golden dragon was none other than Lecidna, the female dragon that requested Yu IlHan for the alliance in the beginning. She wasn’t the highest levelled dragon within the party, but she was the wisest.

Yu IlHan didn’t know if her unique golden color had any influence on this, but her wind magic was very proficient, and she used that to deflect, block, dodge the other dragons’ attacks, and rampaged around in order to set up a good environment for Yu IlHan to make surprise attacks.

[Khaaa! Get out of my way, Lecidna! I will definitely kill that bastard!]

Religion was scary, yes, but there was no need to refuse if she fed him without him asking. Yu IlHan suitably used Lecidna’s support to hide himself from his enemies, and succeeded in concealing himself.

“Here’s the ‘bastard’ you ordered, sir!”

After that was simple. He calculated the angle that wouldn’t get in the way of the magic of dragon or dragonkin, then he would use three re-leaps in the air to make a ㄷ shaped turn to strike his spear into a flying dragon’s head.

[Kyaaak!]

Immediately after an attack, he would widen the wound with Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, and bury two grenades made with 3rd class magic stones, which completed the perfect surprise attack-package.

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned 2,119,029,334 experience.]

“Good, everything’s going well.”

Above the dead dragon’s corpse that was falling, Yu IlHan blocked an incoming attack before collecting the corpse with remote collection.

However, he couldn’t let his guard down just because the situation was going well. The dragons that survived until now were all frightening existences. Moreover, even the dragons belonging to the Garden of Sunset were starting to decrease in number.

It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that Yu IlHan’s number of kills would decide which side would win!

However, it seemed that there was someone else who thought the same thing.

[Kihyaaa!]

Along with the roar that sounded like the Orochi’s laugh, something fell above Yu IlHan’s head. Yu IlHan immediately changed directions with re-leap, but ‘that’ caught up to Yu IlHan despite its massive size.

[Let us bosses hang out!]

It was a very sleazy voice, but it was clear that this dragon wasn’t someone to be looked down upon. The moment Yu IlHan felt the immense mana reaction along with its presence, he protected himself by taking out shields immediately, but just as he had feared, the violent eruption of mana wiped out the shield before assaulting Yu IlHan.

Yu IlHan used re-leap again to avoid and shot higher into the air. In his eyes at several kilometers high in the air, he could see a comparatively smaller sized black-scaled dragon with a streamlined body shooting towards himself.

[You are really fast!]

“Hmm, you do look like their boss.”

Seeing the dragon charging towards him in a straight line, Yu IlHan took out one of the corpses of a 3rd class dragonkin. Just before it fell down, he put his hand above it and quietly muttered, ‘weight transfer’.

[Kihyaaa…… Kahak!?]

[Critical Hit!]

A corpse of a dragonkin that fell down at a speed akin to a meteor due to the nearly a million ton weight crashed head on against the black dragon. The loud noise that occurred at that moment resounded across and gathered the attention of all dragons.

“Dang, it’s fine even after all that.”

He didn’t usually do this since he didn’t like to waste corpses, but the thought that he had to damage it somehow before the dragon crashed head on made him move like that. From the fact that he saw the black dragon dissolving the body with the black aura emitted from its body, his judgement didn’t seem to be wrong.

[Kyaha! Damned guy!]

Although the black dragon looked fine on the outside, it seemed there was some profit – swear words started appearing in its speech. Yu IlHan confirmed that with a smile and re-leaped to land on a dragon nearby.

It wasn’t that he wasn’t running away from battle. It was just that he landed to gain a foothold to leap again.

[Dirty human!]

The dragon that became a foothold cast magic in rage, but Yu IlHan ran up to the head and stabilized himself before stabbing the dragon many times.

Magic exploded here and there and his shields were working hard to block them, but Yu IlHan stabbed and slashed even while controlling tens of shields. After a chain of critical hits did the dragon’s movement became clearly slower.

[Hey, you’re in the way, so get out!]

[But Karrows-nim……!]

[Tch.] (Karrows)

At that moment, an alarm rang out inside Yu IlHan’s head. He gave up killing the dragon he used as a foothold and leaped up, and immediately after that, a huge black flame assaulted where he was just before.

[Khaaa!]

The dragon that was once an enemy foothold, but now a black flame whole roasted ragon cried out in frustration!

While all dragonkin in the battlefield abruptly widened their, eyes, the black dragon called Karrows decreased the distance between itself and Yu IlHan with a single flap of its wings while shouting out loud.

[Get away from him! Don’t blame me even if I kill you!] (Karrows)

“How kind.”

It should have found out about the secrets to Yu IlHan’s leap! Even so, warning by burning one ally to death… All were frozen stiff regardless of ally or enemy.

[Yeah, yeah! Let’s go at it! Human!] (Karrows)

Only the black dragon was moving around with vitality. It was approaching Yu IlHan with a clearly faster speed than any other dragons here.

Yu IlHan had no intentions on avoiding the dragon anymore. Since he had seen through its movement speed and offensive power to a certain point, if he didn’t kill it quickly, his allies would die out with his absence.

[Yu IlHan, are you going to use it?] (Erta)

“No.”

The one that Erta asked about and Yu IlHan rejected was none other than the 1 time-use pile bunker and the grenade he made to fight against a boss monster.

[Why?] (Erta)

Leaving his body to gravity, Yu IlHan fell down towards the dragon while inserting power into the hand that was grabbing the Black bone giant spear when Erta asked.

Why isn’t he using a good weapon when the situation was urgent!

However, Yu IlHan just laughed before carefully speaking to Erta in case the nearing dragon heard it.

“I guarantee that if I kill that, the real boss would appear. There was never EVER a case where a guy with that personality was the final boss. NEVER.”

[…….Ah, yes. It must be so…}

[Khaaa!]

While the black scaled dragon never even imagined in its dreams that there was a slight difference in position between itself and Yu IlHan while roaring, the two ‘bosses’ of the two sides finally clashed!.



Chapter 98

The spear that Yu IlHan threw and the dragon’s flames met, causing a small explosion. Purple and black flames intertwined before dissipating in all directions as the dragon shouted in surprise.

[You blocked my curse flame!?]

“Thank for telling me your attribute.”

Yu IlHan’s figure shot into the exploding flames. The dragon,too, shot upwards trying to devour him!

Soon, Yu IlHan, who had come close enough to see the pores on its face, became pale after sensing the tens of layers of protective magic that covered the dragon’s entire body. Its mana reserve was frightening compared to the other dragons.

However, he wouldn’t have started the fight without the confidence to win.

“Open your mouth wide!”

Just before clashing head on, Yu IlHan took out a level 199 dragonkin corpse underneath his feet. It was a special dragonkin with a relatively small body and razor-sharp scales, as if it was saying ‘please use me as a weapon after killing me’.

[Ugh!?]

It changed into a more frightening bullet than anything when Yu IlHan applied weight transfer on it, causing the corpse to shoot straight down towards the black dragon.

[No way, without any signs……!]

It seemed to have prepared for it as it was already attacked by it once, but perhaps due to not knowing the mechanisms of Yu IlHan’s Cross Bag, it failed to counter it.

It urgently put on some defense magic, but a knife-covered cannonball weighing a million tons ripped apart all defensive magic the moment it collided and shot into the mouth of the black dragon.

[Critical Hit!]

[Kyahaaak!]

Right after that, Yu IlHan landed on its nose; with his Black bone giant spear in his hands, and after having transferred weight to the sole of his boots! Even though dragons were called the lord of mana, they wouldn’t be able to endure a million tons of weight on top of them like it was nothing.

“Was it tashty? A little prickly, no?”

[Khaaa, I will kill you!]

2nd taunt success! Yu IlHan had a marvelous ability to make any dragon, no matter how grand their entrances were, flip their eyes within 5 minutes just like any other 3rd class dragonkin!

However, that was the moment of change.

[I will tell you the true meaning of the name granted unto us, dragon!]

The dragon, which was inflicted with numerous wounds in the process of catching(?) a million tonnes with its mouth, roared while emitting mana so thick that it could fill the skies.

That wasn’t something that could be insulted as ‘idiotic’, as the mana it emitted was generating a kind of magic space with the dragon as the center. It was a large scale magic which Yu IlHan couldn’t even dream of right now, as he had barely began using mana.

“My body feels kinda stiff.”

[It’s temporarily subjugating the surrounding space!] (Erta)

It was no different from a type of barrier – It would allow it to read all movements of enemies inside the barrier, and also allow it to change the mana in the atmosphere into the magic it wants at any time.

Although it wasn’t overwhelming to the point of the Hourglass of Eternity, which froze time inside the barrier, it was overwhelming in regards to utility in battle!

This wasn’t something any dragon could use. Like what Erta feared from the start, it was definitely a leader-class! Her voice slightly shuddered.

[That dragon…… is dangerous. Perhaps it gained the possibility of becoming a higher existence!] (Erta)

“That’s not much. I have it too.”

[Huh? You’re right.] (Erta)

Erta ended up accepting it! However, regardless of that, the situation was still very dangerous.

[Take a good look with your eyes, this may as well be the last scenery you see in your life!]

Last time, the black dragon Karrows had panicked, saying that Yu IlHan’s attacks didn’t have any signs, but Yu IlHan’s attack was nothing compared to what he was seeing right now.

The mana that filled the air – all of it was changing into black flames simultaneously. If it was inside the barrier, then there were no exceptions. It was as comparable to a drop of ink spreading throughout a glass of clean water – beautiful, and quick!

The entire barrier was stained in black. No one would be able to interfere.

“Ugh.”

Yu IlHan, who was thrown into the scene where it seemed like hell was being summoned in mid-air, ended up making a hollow laugh.

He had no intentions on looking down on the dragon’s power; and he had dodged and concealed himself while attacking, and felt like it was a battle; but now, although within a limited amount of space, it felt as if the world was trying to kill him.

[Why don’t you try blocking this flame! With your prized shields!]

No wonder the dragon was confident. Unless Yu IlHan had any methods to exit the barrier, he would be devoured by the endless amount of mana; by the magic containing the power of ‘flames’ and ‘curses’!

No matter how strong, or secretive, or whatever one maybe, one would not be able to escape from being molten down in the absolute power of the two attributes!

[The skill, Higher Curse Resistance, has become level 20. You can now resist a larger variety of curses.]

But unfortunately for the dragon, Yu IlHan was someone who possessed both fire attribute resistance and curse resistance.

“That’s some nice skill grinding!”

[Khak!? How?, you!?}

While the flames harboring a strong curse assaulted Yu IlHan, he didn’t lose his center of gravity and endured while deflecting everything he could before he struck downwards with all his strength.

The spear covered in purple flames that did not lose their strength despite the assaulting black flames and pierced through the dragon’s nose and left a deep wound.

[Critical Hit!]

[The skill, Higher Curse Resistance, has become level 21.]

It seemed that the compensation for keeping this barrier up made the dragon’s movements dull, as even though the flames were wildly assaulting Yu IlHan, its real body was not showing much movement. This was something good for Yu IlHan.

He bit on the cheer pack he summoned with the remote collection function, and sucked on Breath, while striking down with his spear repeatedly. one in three hits were critical so it was only a matter of time until a huge tunnel was dug on the dragon’s face.

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Ugh, how!]

However, the dragon forgot that a construction scene was taking place on its face, due to the shock of Yu IlHan holding out within the flames, and asked.

[How can you endure my fire at my full strength!?]

“That’s a secret!”

Even though it would be fine if he told the secret, Yu IlHan didn’t leak the secret in order to make the dragon more enraged.

Karrows, who would never imagine that the reason why Yu IlHan could hold out was merely because of high fire attribute resistance and the skill, Higher Curse Resistance, called out more black flames as if to collapse the entire barrier, to attack Yu IlHan, but the person in question endured till the end. Higher Curse Resistance levelled up again.

[Yu IlHan, the barrier will break soon! I can sense a different movement of mana from the dragon!]

“Got it.”

Despite not being able to help him directly with magic, Erta told Yu IlHan the time and the quality of the magic that the opponent used, and thanks to that, Yu IlHan had an easier time switching attack patterns.

Instead of many light but fast jabs, he used a heavy straight!

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan activated one skill; the skill that used half of his mana even after his mana pool had increased by a large amount thanks to Reta! At that moment, a change was brought about to the spear that had purple flames burning on it. A small spark of flame that would remain well hidden from a glance appeared on the tip of the spearhead.

What was there to hide, that was the active skill, Blaze, the sole active skill of a Blazing Reaper.

[Hup!? This aura is!?]

Blaze was, as expected, something that ate up quite a lot of mana. If he did not absorb the mana dwelling within the magic formation of the elven empire, he would have had to retire after a single use!

Moreover, the skill duration was absurdly short, so it was something that wasted mana and life force if he did not attack quickly after using it.

However, if he somehow managed to succeed in attacking within that timeframe, Blaze would burn hotter than any other flame and incinerate everything. It displayed power that made one wonder whether it would be able to incinerate the soul itself.

On top of this, there were two more elements that enhanced the skill.

First, was the life force used to activate Blaze, so if the level of the life force used was higher, than the power of Blaze would increase as well.

Since Yu IlHan had called out the life force he collected from a level 225 dragon to activate Blaze, the power was indisputable.

Second was that Blaze would evolve to contain other characteristics by mixing with other flames. The flames here, was of course the purple flames from the Black bone giant spear!

At this moment, the faint flame that was a deep crimson redder than blood, mixed with the purple flames, creating a black flame even darker than the curse flame that was trying to assault Yu IlHan.

Yu IlHan gripped the spear with both of his hands that were strengthened to the limit with Superhuman Strength, and shot it into one of the tunnels he dug!

[Critical Hit!]

[The skill, Blaze, has become level 4.]

[Kyaaak!]

[Yu IlHan!] (Erta?)

The barrier ended up dissolving due to the shock.

The curse flames that assaulted Yu IlHan all disappeared at once, and Yu IlHan started free-falling towards the ground while clinging onto the black dragon.

[Ugh, Khaaak! Kyaha!]

“Uuuh!”

At one point, the black dragon’s body seemed to emit brilliant light, before it started decreasing in size. Naturally, the spear embedded deep inside its body was pushed out, and Yu IlHan, who was standing on its body with the help of his million ton boots, started falling down towards the ground without a foot hold.

However, it was fortunate that he could cancel weight transfer before his leg bones shattered to smithereens.

“Wow, I was about to die there.”

[That’s why, don’t do anything dangerous!] (Erta)

Although it was a very short moment, his legs went wrong somewhere due to the effect of the enormous weight. He used all his Rest Energy to activate Transcendent Regeneration and spun his body in the air.

When he did, he could see the figure of the dragon that was falling above him.

“Hey, that guy’s…”

[So polymorph was what it was preparing for.] (Erta)

He wondered why the volume was suddenly decreasing, but it turned out the dragon was activating polymorph magic that changed its appearance to another race, and one that was exclusive to only the true dragons amongst dragonkin. Also, it looked like an elf.

[In fact, dragons can only gain their true dragon appearance upon level 200, or adult forms, so low level dragons actually feel more familiar with their polymorph periods…… But why now?] (Erta)

“Then, what are 3rd class dragonkin?”

[It’s easier if you think it like this. 3rd class dragonkin have an opportunity to become a true dragon according to the records they’ve achieved when acquiring 4th class, but pure-blooded dragons are dragons from the moment they’re born.] (Erta)

So, dragons born with mud spoons in their mouths and dragons born with gold spoons in their mouths are differentiated. And that black guy is a golden spoon amongst golden spoons!

Yu IlHan confronted the black-haired elf that finished transforming and was shooting down straight towards him. There was still a lot of distance until the ground, and the two kept falling.

[I wiiilll kiiilll youuu!]

Polymorphing did not get rid of the wounds that Yu IlHan inflicted. It was healing itself with the unique healing powers of dragons, but it was impossible to heal the wound made with the black flame, the combination of Blaze and purple flames, in the first place!

The figure of Karrows with its half of its face, starting from the neck, molten, was truly frightening.

[Yu IlHan, I can sense signs of spatial transfer!] (Erta)

“Tch.”

It wasn’t so scary when the dragons teleported with their enormous bodies, but when considering that it may be able to freely control the elven body, it was quite a scary technique. 

Yu IlHan gripped onto his spear and concentrated. Yu IlHan also had a great ability in sensing mana. In order to counterattack from whichever direction it app…….!

[Hah!]

“Ugh!?”

However, immediately after that, the dragon-elf appeared just below his armpits. In order to prevent Yu IlHan from attacking with the spear with a long reach, it moved right next to him!

Even Yu IlHan was surprised when the dragon ambushed him that used the proper characteristics of the magic, as he thought that it would helplessly die under his spear.

[Die!]

However, the moment it gathered all its strength and struck towards Yu IlHan,

a giant blade protruded out from Yu IlHan’s armpit area and pierced through its head.

[Kyak!?]

[You have earned 3,534,102,009 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 242 Cursed Dragon.]

The dragon made an expression of disbelief until the very end, but the solution was quite simple.

The blade ejection option on Yu IlHan’s armor activated the moment Yu IlHan realized its position, and he coated it with the power of his active skill, Blaze!

“Fuu, I knew this would happen so I practiced activating blaze on my armor-blades secretly in battle. I’m such a genius.”

[Yeah, yeah. You just be genius.] (Erta)

This man used the options of his equipment properly in decisive moments so Erta couldn’t retort! Thinking that, Erta looked at Yu IlHan, who was collecting the corpse of Karrows, when she suddenly felt a ripple and opened her mouth reflexively.

[Yu IlHan, wat……] (Erta)

[Watch out!] (Lecidna)

Before Erta could complete her words, Lecidna flew towards him and struck Yu IlHan into the air. Yu IlHan, who helplessly flew into the air due to the full powered charge of a dragon that controlled wind, turned his sight to see why he had to be struck away…

[Kauuu!] (Lecidna)

[Tch, you really are a persistent woman.] (???)

… and could see a dragon that he hadn’t seen in battlefield before, biting on Lecidna’s neck.

[I ended up casting my shell off. Dammit, bitch.] (???)

As Yu IlHan had predicted in the beginning, there was a true leader of the dragons that was NOT Karrows.

Just that, there was one thing that Yu IlHan hadn’t predicted…

[Well, I can only try to deceive him now.] (???)

“…….Hah, this is insane.”

… which was that the true boss of the dragons that Yu IlHan had met, possessed monstrous strength to the point that all of Yu IlHan’s insurances and luck would be useless against it.



Chapter 99

“Let’s run.”

Such was the decision that Yu IlHan came to when he met the dragon. He had thought that he could defeat all beings classified as dragonkin, at least in Dareu, but it turned out he was wrong.

That, was arrogance.

[How can a being with such power still remain in a lower world……?] (Erta)

Even Erta was nervous. If they fought, then the results were obvious. She didn’t know how much level difference there was between that and the dragons Yu IlHan had defeated, but its tier was different.

That couldn’t be killed even if one was able to kill all other dragons with a single hit. Perhaps that guy was a 5th class, a higher existence!

If, IF Yu IlHan was in his concealed state right now, then there may be a chance.

If he could raise the level of Blaze, soul enchant the Orochi into the Black giant bone spear, and deal a critical hit at a critical moment at a critical place…

If it was that much, that would be dealt with a fatal strike, and if that happened, Yu IlHan would gain another chance to conceal himself. If he did that 5 times consecutively, he just may be able to kill that.

[Oh? You know of my power? You really are not ordinary.] (???)

However, it wasn’t like that right now. It also knew how dangerous of a human Yu IlHan was. It would never allow Yu IlHan to conceal himself.

If so, then there was no possibility of victory for Yu IlHan. Really, there was absolutely no possibility to the point that it was funny.

Yu IlHan didn’t know whether he would be able to conceal himself in front of this guy or not, but he decided to move first rather than to think about it.

First, he would perform re-leap towards the ground. It would be good if he got the chance to activate the formation, but there was no way that guy would let him, so he just ran, ran like hell.

He looked for opportunities to conceal himself while running, and if he did, he would then run as far as possible using the formation. Following which he would leave for Earth and seal the dungeon somehow before asking for Heaven’s Army’s help.

However, just before he was about to re-leap into the ground after constructing his escape plan using the full power of his brain-CPU…

[This, this guy is done for!] (Lecidna)

Lecidna, who still clung onto life, shouted, in English too.

[He cannot kill Yu IlHan-nim!] (Lecidna)

[You’re speaking unnecessary things!] (???)

That dragon tried to prevent Lecidna’s words by shouting, but strangely, it did not try to stop her physically. Even though it had plenty of strength to do so!

Meanwhile, Lecidna used what little energy she had remaining to polymorph. A gold-feathered bird that appeared from the blinding light flew towards Yu IlHan and shouted while burrowing into his chest. As if it was a very important report!

[He cast away his shell by biting me!] (Lecidna)

[It cast away his shell?] (Erta)

The moment Erta heard that, her pale face suddenly became brighter.

[So it was a higher existence after all! Of course, it just stayed temporarily!] (Erta)

“Explanation!”

[That guy is a higher existence, Yu IlHan! Like us angels!] (Erta)

What the hell? Why would she rejoice while saying it was a higher existence? He was suspicious before, but was Erta really a pervert?

Of course, Yu IlHan also heard about casting away one’s shell. Just now, that is.

The guy talked about casting away it shell after biting Lecidna instead of Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan didn’t mind about it so much since he was getting shivers before its absolute power, though.

Of course, that line was in dragon-tongue, so Erta wouldn’t have understood, but now that Lecidna reported in English, it was different.

Erta spoke in a clear voice like a detective solving mysteries.

[If it cast away its shell, then it cannot truly hurt you ‘now’. Think about how I cannot use my power on Earth! It’s the same concept!] (Erta)

How could she so confidently say about something so embarrassing? However, she did get her meaning across.

[Shit!] (???)

Was it because of Erta’s explanations? The dragon that was only flapping its wings looked similar to the useless angels.

“Tch, I can’t help it.”

Now that things were like this, there was no need to run. Yu IlHan forgot about running, and re-leaped towards the sky instead of the ground.

“If you’re lying, then I’ll curse you even if I die!”

[Why would I lie to you, it’s just glaring at you now too!] (Erta)

[Please, fulfill the promise……] (Lecidna)

Lecidna, who buried her body in Yu IlHan’s embrace breathed heavily. It was a weak breath to the point that it wouldn’t be strange even if she died at any moment.

“I just have to kill all the dragonkin belonging to the Destruction Demon Army, right?”

[Please!] (Lecidna)

[Damned bitch, you’re the shame of us dragons!] (???)

The dragon kept insulting Lecidna while flapping its wings, but it could not chase Yu IlHan.

Good, it really did look like the useless angels!

Of course, no matter how much Erta guaranteed, he wouldn’t be able to calmly fight with the dragons with that overwhelming aura behind him, so Yu IlHan asked Erta while rushing towards the battlefield.

“Then, let me ask back. If that guy is in the same situation as you, then how the hell did it bite Lecidna’s neck?”

Yu IlHan’s question was that. He thought that higher existences weren’t able to use their powers on worlds like Earth or Dareu, but that dragon had placed Lecidna near death the moment it appeared.

However, Erta’s answer was still the same.

[That’s the process of casting off one’s shell.] (Erta)

“Explain it simply before I strip you of your shell.”

Immediately after he said that, Yu IlHan arrived at the battlefield and started fighting against the dragons.

[Critical Hit!]

[Kyaaah!]

While he was tied down by Karrows, the situation was turning for the worst – there were only 5 dragons left of those belonging to the Garden of Sunset, and the remaining 31 were all enemies.

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned 2,819,029,333 experience.]

However, through 3 re-leaps, Yu IlHan charged into the battlefield and succeeded in piercing the neck of one of the 31 dragons.

It was an insta-kill due to Blaze, but as compensation, Yu IlHan had to open another mana potion.

Just in time, Erta also started explaining in simpler terms.

[If I explain this properly, I have to start talking about 5th classes, higher existences, and transcender groups, but I’ll skip things for now.] (Erta)

“I love skipping things.”

The enemy numbers became 29. Yu IlHan first put away the mana potion and started drinking Breath. Meanwhile, the higher existence dragon was glaring at Yu IlHan from below while flapping its wings.

[That guy is a higher existence belonging to Destruction Demon Army, do you understand that?] (Erta)

“Do you take me for an idiot?! Hah!”

The enemy now numbered 26. Yu IlHan broke apart the icicle that had pierced through his shield and armor and embedded itself in his stomach, whilst regenerating his abdomen with transcendent regeneration.

[Higher existences are bound by numerous rules to keep their power. That’s why, for a higher existence to use their powers on a lower world, they have to fulfill some absurd conditions, but that guy doesn’t look like that.] (Erta)

“So?”

There were 21 enemies left now. Yu IlHan alternated between drinking Breath and the mana potions while battling fervently.

Since there were no more dragons on the level of Karrows, if he used concealment whenever the opportunity arrived, killing dragons were easy.

If there was a problem, it was that the allied dragonkin were nearly wiped out. If the ones that distracted the enemies disappeared, then the battle would become harder.

[Then, the answer is simple – It hasn’t been a while since that guy became a higher existence, and it stayed on a lower world in order to cast off its shell before it joined the main army of the Destruction Demon Army!] (Erta)

“So what the fuck does it mean by casting off one’s shell!”

There 14 enemies left now, and only a single dragon left of those belonging to the Garden of Sunset.

[Use me, human! I cannot hand Dareu over to them even if I die!]

“Got it!”

Yu IlHan got on the dragon’s back and started rampaging for real. The dragon flew quickly according to Yu IlHan’s intentions while supporting him in attack and shielding him from attacks. Although worse than Lecidna, it was enough to fight against the remaining dragons.

A human that just acquired 3rd class, although, his level was absurdly high to be considered ‘just having acquired’, became a temporary rider of a dragon with high pride! This was an amazing achievement.

Meanwhile, Erta’s explanations continued.

[In the process of becoming a higher existence, all beings acquire a new body, and in this process, residues of the past will definitely remain, and those residues, that are from a lower world, cannot be carried onto the group they belong to. That is called the shell……] (Erta)

At this point, Yu IlHan could also understand things a little.

“So that guy used up all that energy in biting Lecidna to death? And that is what it means by ‘casting off one’s shell’?”

[Bingo. That guys is a complete higher existence now. SInce it is bound by the rules of transcender groups, it cannot bring out its power in a lower world anymore.] (Erta)

That was some difficult explanation!

[There is one element that always appear in hero stories in all sorts of worlds. The epilogue where the hero shows unprecedented grandeur before disappearing. They are all proofs of higher existences. They cast off their shells and head to a higher world.] (Erta)

“So that guy was waiting in order to kill me even after it became a higher existence belonging to Destruction Demon Army?”

[Yes, and it failed marvelously too.] (Erta)

Thanks to Lecidna who received the shell with her body. The person in question also agreed enthusiastically with a voice that was near death.

[Fufuu, I… predicted that they were… targeting you.] (Lecidna)

An absurd human who massacred 4th class dragons alone. In the Destruction Demon Army’s view, he couldn’t be more hateful, and as such put a 5th class being without its shell cast off, that dragon, on wait just in case Karrows failed.

Now, there was only one question Yu IlHan had left.

“How did you know that there was a higher existence that did not cast off its shell?”

[There, was a dragon that acted…….. as a spy.] (Lecidna)

There was a cruel espionage war in the world of dragons!?

[Kroaaar!]

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned, 2,655,817,205 experience.]

Disregarding trivial dragonkin, there were only 7 enemy dragons right now.

All sorts of wounds appeared and disappeared on Yu IlHan’s body. However, the dragon he was riding on was half dead already. Yu IlHan was also trying his best to keep it alive, but it was reaching the limit.

[I have one last request.]

And the birdie-dragon was also just about to die.

[If you finish everything, can you go to my lair?] (Lecidna)

“Lair?”

[The place where you and I first met.] (Lecidna)

“Don’t sound like you have something. I’ll get excited for nothing.”

[Pl..ease…….] (Lecidna)

Yu IlHan retorted like a joke, but Lecidna closed her eyes in relief as if she saw that as acceptance. Then, she did not open her eyes again.

“……Tch.”

Yu IlHan put away Lecidna’s body. Not long after that, the dragon he was riding on also died, and as all dragonkin belonging to the Garden of Sunset died, unfortunately, he would never know of their intentions.

The remaining dragons belonging to the Destruction Demon Army were strong.

However, Yu IlHan was even stronger, and he eventually succeeded in killing all the remaining dragons there.

No, not exactly ‘all’ of them.

[You really are a tenacious guy.] (???)

There was a single higher existence, who Yu IlHan could not harm, still flapping its wings.



Chapter 100

After Yu IlHan put away all the corpses on the battlefield, landing on the ground and proceeded to tilt his head. The 5th class dragon was still staring at him.

“I thought you can’t touch me. Why are you still here?”

Of course, Yu IlHan was also incapable of touching it. With the same reason that angels were able to use absurdly strong defensive magic, albeit not offense magic, that guy could also use as much power as it wanted if it was used to protect itself.

Oh, of course, In an Abandoned World out of Heaven’s reach, Erta is just a fairy with wings. Her role is mainly retorting and explanation.

[You really are a daring human.] (???)

“Try living a millennium with an angel at your side, and see what happens.”

There shouldn’t be many people who could so daringly speak in front of such an overwhelming aura, even after knowing that the enemy couldn’t touch him. This was all because Yu IlHan was used to being around the angels.

The dragon was slightly dumbfounded at Yu IlHan’s retort, before shrugging its shoulders and gave the answer Yu IlHan wanted.

[I at least wanted to see what the results would be.] (???)

Yu IlHan snorted at those words.

“I know there’s 19 more hiding. Don’t you know that scamming has its risks?”

[……] (???)

Yu IlHan was accompanied by the elven empire’s magic formation! The dragon, who failed even the last deceit, crumpled its expression momentarily, but in the end, it just sighed and shrugged its shoulders.

And, spoke with a slightly pitiful expression, which did not fit its appearance.

[They are still newborn who haven’t awakened yet.] (???)

“Yeah, they will live sooo quietly when they grow up, won’t they?”

Even the last persuasion failed. Yu IlHan thought that the dragon would become enraged, but it surprisingly burst out laughing.

[If you think that way, then it can’t be helped. Okay, go ahead. Kill them all. I also put on an act, which does not befit a higher existence, so it counts as me being faithful until the end to my race.] (???)

“Yup. I’ll kill them all without a single one remaining. If you’re done then go on your way.”

[No, not yet.] (???)

The dragon shook its head and spoke.

[You, become a Destruction Demon Soldier.]1 (???)

“What?”

[Stop with your nonsense!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan was dumbfounded and Erta was enraged at the unexpected offer. However, the dragon started talking fluently as if its original objective was this in the first place.

[You have the quality of a Destruction Demon Soldier. Overwhelming strength! Forcefulness! Those are truly all qualities that we from the Destruction Demon Army pursue. If you become reborn as a true Destruction Demon Soldier, then you will acquire power that puny angel over there will never imagine. Yes. Like me.] (???)

“So, that’s why the Destruction Demon Soldier candidates with ‘oh so much power’ were wiped out like this?”

[They are only failures that only wanted to join the Destruction Demon Army. Right now, I’m talking about the future, when you become a higher existence.] (???)

The dragon smirked with that enormous mouth while laughing.

[You should know that one must join a transcender group in order to become a higher existence. Do you not want to become stronger? Do you not want to gain even more power?] (???)

One must join a transcender group to become a higher existence? What was this?

However, when Yu IlHan turned his head around to Erta, she seemed to hesitate a little before nodding eventually.

[Correct. The wall to become a higher existence is too difficult to overcome by oneself. So, that’s why one borrows the record of a group, as one’s own is insufficient.] (Erta)

“Simply put.”

[It’s like studying with the past year’s exam papers since the test is too hard.] (Erta)

He understood immediately. So that’s it. That’s why all higher existences belonged to somewhere like Heaven’s Army, or Destruction Demon Army and such, despite knowing that they would not be able to use their powers on a lower world.

While Yu IlHan nodded in realization, Erta spoke in a sharp voice.

[If Yu IlHan wants to become a higher existence, if such a moment comes! Then we of Heaven’s Army will gladly accept…….![ (Erta)

[You want to make him God’s slave when he has so much potential? You really are foolish to no end!] (???)

[We are much more constructive than you idiots who charge forwards towards destruction without actually knowing it!] (Erta)

[Hah.] (???)

The dragon snorted.

[Just who is it that does not recognize destruction? If it’s you bitches who rely on a mere God for everything, then yes. You may be able to spit out lines like that.] (???)

It finished speaking and flapped its wings. A pitch black light seemed to envelop it before a handsome young man with long black hair and red eyes appeared. Of course, in an elven appearance.

[Fools who can’t even analyse the situation. The connection of Dareu and Earth is merely the start. Soon, countless changes, that you will not be able to stop, will arrive.] (???)

[What do you mean?] (Erta)

The dragon ignored Erta and spoke while glaring at Yu IlHan.

[Human Yu IlHan, you will have a lot of opportunities to meet Destruction Demon Army from now on. You will also feel their overwhelming battle power.] (???)

“In the future too?”

Just Dareu made him fed up, and more of these things will appear on Earth?

[I will not ask for your answer right now. But remember. We of Destruction Demon Army are the strongest when all our shackles as higher existences are thrown off, and we are ready to welcome you at ay time.] (???)

[Eeek, eeek!] (Erta)

Erta was enraged, but she was in an Abandoned World where flapping her wings was all she could do! While she was just piling up her frustration, the dragon snorted at her before turning around.

[My name is Teraka. Yu IlHan. We will definitely meet again later.] (Teraka)

Then it spat out the line that was within ‘Best 3 lines of villain’s parting lines’, and disappeared. It had gone to where a Destruction Demon Soldier should be. It was a splendid villain until the very end.

Glaring at the place where the dragon disappeared, Erta spoke in a frustrated voice.

[Do not mind that guy’s words, Yu IlHan. Destruction Demon Soldiers are beasts who only rush towards destruction in order to fulfill their greed and desire for power, and the higher worlds they reside in are also horrible! That is also why we Heaven’s Army are doing our best too in order to prevent that!] (Erta)

“There’s no way I will though.”

Strictly speaking, it was not because it was the Destruction Demon Army, but because there was no way Yu IlHan would ‘belong’ somewhere!

In fact, Yu IlHan was very angry right now because of that.

He thought that he could become a higher existence if he put in effort, but there was a need to join a transcender group to become a higher existence?

And here he thought that joining a group would end with him forcefully entering the volunteer club in highschool!

Did the world hate loners so much! What kind of unfair world was this, where one could not become a higher existence by oneself!

Yu IlHan thought that he had prepared a lot of things for the Great Cataclysm, but he couldn’t help but feel like a fool whenever he heard of new things like this.

Yes, this was all because of Lita. Wasn’t he feeling this way because Lita didn’t explain properly? Yu IlHan decided to punish her when she came back. And other than that.

“Should I give up on becoming a higher existence then?”

[Why does it come to that!? You can just come to us Heaven’s Army! Angels are good, you know? You get wings!] (Erta)

“But I hate joining groups!”

[You pursued the life of a loner so much!? Wait, if it’s only that much, you just may……] (Erta)

“I what?”

When Yu IlHan tilted his head wondering what Erta’s words meant, Erta shook her head powerlessly.

[It’s nothing. Forget it.] (Erta)

“Nice one there, Erta. You just brought up a blatant foreshadow. Hint me when the time comes, okay?”

[It’s nothing like that!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan joked with Erta while stretching out.

He wondered what would happen when he met the frightening opponent, but he survived and completed his objective. Although he was really bothered by the dragon’s words, it could be said that he had finished all the things he had to do in Dareu.

“Oh, wait. There’s dragonkin left.”

[Are you going to go right away? Even though the battle just ended?] (Erta)

“It’s better to rest after finishing everything.”

Yu IlHan checked the scene for one last time and put away everything into his Cross Bag. Even though he had decreased the volume while working to death in the Hourglass of Eternity, he felt that it was getting full.

“Increase the space properly for the reward this time, yeah? And it doesn’t look so good to wear that over the armor, so attach an invisibility option, okay?”

To a 3rd person’s view, it might seem like Heaven owed him, and in reality, that really was the truth. Yu IlHan asked for the rewards without hesitation.

[We’re thinking up of even better things, so wait a little.]

Even though Yu IlHan had expected that Erta would grumble at his request! Yu IlHan nagged Erta about how they were going to upgrade the Cross Bag, but she never told him, as if willing Yu IlHan to die in frustration.

In the end, Yu IlHan had no choice but to activate the formation.

The newborn dragons belonging to the Destruction Demon Army were all hiding in a secret cave, that looked like it was impossible to access without the formation. As if it was the headquarters of the dragons, it was connected to numerous caves.

[Just when are the lords coming?]

[If it’s Karrows-nim, he will definitely finish everyone off. Moreover, there’s him, Teraka-nim who became a higher existence.]

[Destruction Demon Army is so cool. I will definitely grow up to be a strong dragon and destroy everything that disturbs my eyes!]

[There’s nothing more to destroy in this world. I also want to invade other worlds like the grown ups.]

They say a fine child become a fine adult, and these newborn dragons seemed to be the same! If there was anything funny, it was that they were in elven forms despite the fact that they had tried to massacre them.

“Then let’s start.”

Yu IlHan had the power of a deathgod, so his concealment would not wear off if he killed an enemy with a single strike. Also, now that he had become a Blazing Reaper around at level 137, dragons around level 150 were insta-kill material without the need for Blaze.

[You have earned 21,901,287 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 153 Immature Dragon.]

[Wh, what!?]

[Karl, Karl died!]

Yu IlHan waved his hand at the newborn dragons that panicked and became enraged at their kin’s death, but they, as expected, did not notice Yu IlHan.

Then, there was no need to hesitate any more. Yu IlHan killed the dragons while humming. His figure was truly befitting of a reaper harvesting souls.

[What bastard! Karrows-nim will definitely kill you when he comes back!]

[Kroaaar!]

[Kak![

[I, I can’t die like th……]

When over ten dragons died in an instant, some of them tried to run, but Yu IlHan killed them all without exception like a farmer not missing out a single grain.

After that, he meticulously checked to see if there were any surviving dragons, but really, there weren’t any left now. Only tens of minor dragonkin were scattered around the continent.

That was the moment when dragons became extinct from Dareu.

“Fuu, It’s finally over.”

[……Perhaps he really is fit to join the Destruction Demon Army.]

Yu IlHan’s figure was truly daring in the sense that he killed everyone regardless of age or gender once he decided that they were his enemy, and although she didn’t want to accept that, he even looked a little cruel.

Erta thought he was cool since she had already half-fallen for him, but some angels would become frightened at that scene.

Yu IlHan put away the baby dragons’ corpses and looked around the cave.

Although there was nothing in this cave, it wouldn’t be empty since it was the headquarters of the Destruction Demon Army.

“Isn’t there anything like Dragon HEART?”

[I guarantee you that there won’t be.] (Erta)

“No, the universe will help if I wish for it dearly.”2

Said Yu IlHan before searching again. However, no matter how hard he searched, he only found a single cave of gold and silver.

[It really is quite a large amount. Did they gather all the precious items of this world here? A dragon’s greed really is amazing……] (Erta)

“There’s no Dragon Heart!”

[I said give up!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan took away the precious items since he didn’t want to go back with nothing. After that, only after he searched every single place in the cave to look for even a single piece of a Dragon HEART did he activate the formation.

Erta asked.

[What will you do now? Are you going to hunt the remaining dragonkin? Or shall we gather the elves?] (Erta)

“No, let’s go to where we first met Lecidna.”

Lecidna’s last words really bothered Yu IlHan.

Really, she had traded her life for his, just with the reason that she was under the Garden of Sunset’s orders, without a shred of greed. Yu IlHan did not understand her line of reasoning, and as such, he wanted to know what she was thinking, even if it’s a little more.

[Perhaps, she fell for you?] (Erta)

“Fuu, Erta. There’s no woman who likes me in this world.”

At least there’s one here! – Erta had no courage to say that. To be exact, she had no courage to make any progress despite knowing how Lita would react after knowing that.

While Erta was silent, Yu IlHan activated the formation.

Light appeared, before Yu IlHan felt like he was floating. The next moment, he was back at the place where he first met Lecidna.

“Aha.”

Yu IlHan realized the moment he came into the cave. He immediately realized why he could not understand Lecidna to the very end.

There was no helping it. There was a line that the two could never cross. Perhaps, from the moment he met her.

“She was a housewife.”

In the place where she was sleeping before, laid a huge golden egg and a letter.



Chapter 101

[It really seems like I am sometimes able to understand what dragons are thinking, while being completely unable to understand them in other situations.]

“Really? I never understood them.”

While Erta had a look at the golden egg that Lecidna left behind, Yu IlHan picked up the letter. He reasoned that her ultimatum for calling Yu IlHan here, and the explanation behind the golden egg would be written in this letter.

Surprisingly, the letter was written in English. Even though it would’ve been fine if it was written in dragon tongue.

“If you’re reading this letter, then it is likely that I have died. I have no doubts that you will keep your promise and return to this place.”

[Is it a letter?]

“I had followed the will of the Garden of Sunset, but I was certain that it would lead to my death some day. Compared to the weight of their decree, my shoulders were too narrow, my allies few, and the dangers overwhelming.”

[Can this even be hatched?]

Yu IlHan found Erta, who was bored of looking at the egg and started talking to him, very annoying, but he suppressed it and continued reading the letter.

“If there’s anything that I am worried about, then it is my child that will be born soon. No matter how strong dragons are as a species, all that power is accumulated over numerous years and with many records, so I was worried about leaving my child alone. Moreover, the thought that that child may become similar to the Destruction Demon Soldiers also tugged on my mind.”

[So there’s such thing as a motherly love with dragons.]

“However, if it’s you, I can believe in you. You, who remains unaffected by everything, free even while possessing absolute power, are an existence that shines brighter than us dragons. I will have no regrets if my child grows up to be like you. So, I request of you. Please raise my child in my stead.”

Erta’s mouth widened. She flapped her wings in rage.

[Do you owe this woman something? She really is shameless, asking you to raise her child! Making a man who hadn’t even dated his whole life, live as a single father? Even if Heaven forgives her! I will not forgive it!]

“Hey, shush! You’re annoying me! Also, do you know about defamation by stating facts, huh!?”

She saved my life! That’s enough of a debt!

Yu IlHan, who had never once forgot his grievances with other people, which was very befitting of a loner, was fortunately, also sensitive to what he received.

Honestly, he was not confident about raising a child, but he had no intention to turn down the request of someone who had sacrificed herself for him, just because he had no confidence.

“My child will become an adult dragon at level 200, at that time, this child may become an asset that helps you in what you may do in the future. I know that it’s a shameless request, but I wish that you will cherish the child.”

[Hmph, at least she knows that she’s shameless.]

“In order for a dragon to incubate, a strong source of fire is needed. The power supplied to the dragon during incubation will also affect future growth, so please keep this in mind.”

Reading up to that point, Yu IlHan stopped. Erta lifted up her head thinking that it was the end, just when Yu IlHan found a line in tiny font at the bottom of the letter.

“If you have the power, could you look after the elves a little as well? or so it’s written.”

[It really is a letter full of requests……]

At this point, it was a marvel.Tthe letter was detailed to the point that she probably knew that she would die while saving Yu IlHan. However, Yu IlHan himself nodded without thinking much.

“Well, I can do that in my own way. I also think it’s more comfortable to have someone that I can reason with rather than monsters. There’s also what I got from Reta.”

[I really can’t understand what you’re thinking.]

“Heh, don’t go falling for me now.”

[Blerrrgh.]

Yu IlHan, who felt a little better after getting the reaction he wanted from Erta, put the golden egg into his Cross Bag. If it was in the Cross Bag, it would be fine even if Yu IlHan rolled on the ground, or shot up into the skies, or spun around in a dungeon.

He also thought up of a few candidates to incubate this guy. Blaze, purple flames, Blaze + purple flames, or Eternal Flame

Although, he currently leaned towards Eternal Flame at the moment……

[Just merge them all.]

“Ooh, that’s good.”

[You really will!?]

Anyway, that was for when he returned to Earth; there were still many things left to do on Dareu.

Yu IlHan activated the magic formation. What he was searching for were the dragon eggs! He thought that the Destruction Demon Army may have left some eggs like Lecidna.

[So people can become so meticulous…]

“But there aren’t any. It seems that the baby dragons were the last one of them.”

It was actually quite fortunate that it was like this. He couldn’t kill them just because they belonged to the Destruction Demon Army, nor could he raise so many children.

After he perfectly erased his worries, he searched for the surviving elves. There were 1,527 in total. There were surprisingly quite a lot of them left.

“Perhaps it really is possible to reconstruct a community.”

[What are you going to do now?]

“First I’ll clean up the remaining dragonkin, then……. I should gather them up.”

Yu IlHan’s answer was very simple. Erta did not ask what or how.

Since she was definitely sure that she would become frustrated if she heard the answer!

After exactly 3 hours and 37 minutes, Yu IlHan gathered up all 1,527 elves in a clearing of a forest. The number of their bruises were proportional to their level of resistance.

“Wh, what the hell happened?”

“What of the Garden of Sunset? Did they end up losing?”

“Shit, will us elves die out like this……!”

In front of the despairing elves, Yu IlHan curtly declared.

“The dragons are all dead.”

No one replied. It was too cruel to accept as a joke, and too nonsensical as a truth. However, Yu IlHan shrugged his shoulders and repeated himself.

“The dragons are all dead. Be it from the Garden of Sunset or Destruction Demon Army, they’re all dead.”

“By, by who?”

“By me.”

“Pfft.”

Yu IlHan made it so that there was no more laughing. In just 3 minutes, they could look at Yu IlHan with a serious face.

“Thank you for killing the dragons for us.”

“It isn’t really for you guys. It’s for my world.”

“Even so, thank you.”

Judging that they were ready to have a conversation, Yu IlHan continued speaking.

“This world should still be very harsh, but you at least won’t have to live in hiding anymore. I will tell you all the locations where weak monsters live, so survive and grow in power. Understood?”

“Yes!”

Courageously answered the elves. However, there were some who had more courage than others.

“However, h…… How do you know of the monsters’ habitat?”

“Make that guy shut up!”

“Don’t retort!”

Yu IlHan’s 3-minute education was so effective that they were holding each other back by themselves.

“I’ll tell you.”

Yu IlHan extended his hand to stop them and just answered them; while activating the formation lightly.

“It’s because the owner of the elven empire’s magic formation is me. Oh, I won’t hand over the possession, so keep that in mind.”

In fact, he didn’t know how to.

“The magic formation……?”

“Oh my god, it’s true,:

However, just as Yu IlHan finished speaking, the elves’ expressions changed. If they had expressions of people who were ruled over with force and fear, their current expressions were like a countryside tribal chief encountering the birth of a new hero.

Thinking back, when he first met the elves, they did have similar expressions when he told them that he used the magic formation. According to his memory, they became obedient immediately, which was surprising.

Yu IlHan didn’t think about it that much back then, but looking at things now, it seemed that it wasn’t such an obvious thing.

“How can a human control our empire’s magic formation?”

“I met that human before. At that time, he told us that he succeeded the last hero, Reta Kar’iha.”

“So there was a successor? I thought that the lineage ended.”

“The magic formation did indeed emit light though!”

No, the reaction was somehow even more exaggerated; much more than he had imagined.

“Why did you let him go even after finding out?”

“Because he was human.”

“It wasn’t like we could hold him there too.”

“Didn’t you hear that he killed all the dragons? What does it matter about him being human!”

“That’s true, but.”

“Yes, he has the qualifications.”

The elves seemed to whisper to each other, and they eventually formed a giant circle of 1,527 elves in order to discuss. When Yu IlHan asked one of them what they were doing, that person politely nodded his head and spoke.

“We’re discussing about how to treat you. Even though it may be annoying for you, please wait a little more.”

Their attitude became different. They were unbelievably kind and polite as if they were never under any suppression or violence in the first place! Yu IlHan somehow felt the shivers. His senses trained through countless books and experience were warning him.

That an irresistable big wave was rising!

“We arrived at a conclusion.”

“Really?”

“Yes, Your Majesty the Emperor.”

Just as he realised that a strange thing was attached at the end, that elf kneeled in front of Yu IlHan. Following that, the remaining 1,526 elves knelt in succession.

“Your Majesty the Emperor!”

“Although there were some conflicts because you were human, we’ve arrived at the conclusion that we can only acknowledge you as our emperor, as you’ve driven out the dragons from this land.”

“……”

Cold sweat started appearing on Yu IlHan’s forehead. It would instead be easier if they took up arms, but what was this? Erta, who saw the trembling in his eyes, whispered to Yu IlHan.

[It seemed that it isn’t the elven emperor that becomes the owner of the magic formation, rather, the owner of the magic formation becomes the emperor. Perhaps, when Reta said that she would develop the continent of Dareu, it was because she knew that she would become the emperor.]

“Unlike her, I’m not exactly happy to become the emperor of an empire without even the slightest, tiniest bit of infrastructure!”

Perhaps these 1,527 elves were trying to stick to Yu IlHan while calling him emperor? Just imagining this him made him feel horrified. Yu IlHan spoke to them while shivering.

“I’m NOT becoming your emperor.”

“But you are our emperor!”

“No.”

“Your Majesty!”

Yu IlHan beat up the elves again, but they did not change. In fact, some rejoiced, saying that they were given His Majesty’s hand, so Yu IlHan shivered and stopped.

It seemed that his identity as a human no longer mattered to them.

“I said I’m not doing it!”

“But we came to our decision. Other than you, there’s no other emperor for us.”

“Even though I’m going to abandon you and return to Earth?”

“Even so, you are our only emperor.”

The elves looked like they would never change their decisions even if they died. Yu IlHan also had to give up and accept that fact.

“Then call me emperor or whatever. I don’t care.”

“Yes, Your Majesty!”

Since they were calling him ‘Your Majesty’ so many times, he felt that he was cast in a historical movie. However, if there were any differences, it was that emperors in movies had their empires, and Yu IlHan was being admired by 1,527 elf refugees.

However, it wasn’t such a bad feeling to be put high by them after being a loner for all his life. Yu IlHan creased his eyes and decided.

“……There’s nothing to do even if I go back early, so should I look after them for a week or so? It will also feel bad if they get wiped out by monsters after all that I’ve done for them, and those monsters may also come over to Earth. It will be better to prevent that by raising these guys.”

Very logical, but it was different to what he was saying until now. Erta asked with narrowed eyes.

[Isn’t it that you feel slightly good about this situation?]

Ignoring her sharp remark, Yu IlHan called for the elves.

“Everyone gather.”

“Yes!”

Would rookie soldiers, who were just assigned to their platoons, be this fast? All 1,527 elves moved according to Yu IlHan’s orders.

Yu IlHan first divided them according to class. He first separated the first and 2nd classes, then short ranged attackers, long ranged attackers, priests, and non-combat classes.

“I’ll help you for exactly ten days.”

[Hey, it just got increased by 3 days!]

“It’s an honor, Your Majesty!”

“3 days is prior education.”

Yu IlHan first looked for, and lead the elves to, the most suitable place to defend against the monsters, and to start making new history.

Not only did he read a lot of history books and geography books, he had even read feng shui books so he succeeded in finding a place that anyone would raise their thumbs on. Which was the remains of the former empire.

After that, he divided the non-combat classes to a few roles and ordered them to collect fruits and vegetables, made them cook, and made them build houses to live in. Like that, the foundation for the elf empire was created.

After that the combat classes were left. Regardless of long or short range, or being priests or not, Yu IlHan spoke to them all with a kind smile.

“There’s one thing I’ve felt while I learned about battle. Which is that you get better the more you get hit.”

No elf could counter argue at the scary words, but the only elf priest asked Yu IlHan.

“I’m a priest that use the power of a god. Is there a need for me to learn to battle?”

“If all the warriors to protect you, die, then who fights next?”

“M, me…”

“Good, it’s fortunate that you understand.”

Yu IlHan himself didn’t know, but he had acquired the virtue of being a teacher of warfare after being taught by Lita for a long time.

He didn’t know until now since he had no opportunities to teach anyone anything as a loner, but he finally realized thanks to the elves.

“KKhak!”

“Kahahak!”

“Remember that a drop of sweat here is a drop of blood in the battlefield!”

[They’re bleeding though?]

Could this be fortunate? It seemed that it wasn’t a coincidence that they survived until now, as they were all talented in fighting. Some of them had extraordinary talent which surprised Yu IlHan.

“How good would it be if all people on Earth were like this.”

“Kahaak!”

“Kkiaaa!”

Yu IlHan, who became engrossed in teaching the talented elves, extended the education period to 5 days. The elves had to cry just as more, but they couldn’t retort since it was true that they were getting better.

When the prior education finished like that, Yu IlHan divided all the combat class elves into parties and sent them to monster fields where the monsters were much weaker than them, through the use of the magic formation.

Although he did tell them to become proficient through battle, their gear were worthless.

“I’ll make some simple equipment for them before I leave.”

[You’re doing more and more things for them, oh Your Majesty.]

“Shut up. It’s quite fun, it’s like playing Sim City.”

Yu IlHan’s other world stay became extend little by little, just like that.



Chapter 102

Yu IlHan chose a few elf blacksmiths as his support and started making weapons. Naturally, the materials were the overflowing 3rd class dragonkin in his Cross Bag! The elves’ eyes flipped when they saw what he was handling.

“How are you processing such a high class material?”

“Like this.”

Purple flames burned within the furnace again. The fire had such power that 3rd class dragonkin’s bones were molten within 10 seconds.

“Y, Your Majesty the Emperor is so amazing!”

“I can’t believe my eyes!”

“I don’t have time to teach you metalworking, so learn some minor techniques from me by watching.”

“Yes!”

Just working as support within the same workshop as the blacksmith meister Yu IlHan was a priceless experience for the elf blacksmiths.

Since he didn’t have much time, he didn’t do that many things to the bones and just made the gear by stamping them out, but since the raw materials and the skill of the smith was too good, all of them ended up as rare ranked or above.

The elves widened their eyes in order to learn his techniques if even a little, and with just that , they made huge leaps and bounds in their techniques.

Like that, the ten days Yu IlHan spoke of passed by, and another 3 days passed. The elven army that was fully armed with Yu IlHan’s gear finally started hunting monsters of their level as they had polished up their techniques during battle.

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan was holding on to the non-combat classes.

“If you make preserved foods with non-poisonous meat of the monsters, then you will have less worries when a super scary monster appears and you have to go in hiding.”

“What are preserved foods? We elves usually eat what we can get from nature…….”

“I don’t care, but if you don’t wanna die, then eat some meat and grow some muscles.”

“Yes!”

Yu IlHan also started to educate the elf cooks. He had picked out a few thousand monsters without poison to hunt, then he dismantled them before teaching them not only grilling, frying and such cooking techniques, but also the method of making jerkies, sausages, bacons, and other preserved foods.

It wasn’t like the elves couldn’t eat meat, but that they traditionally didn’t. When they got used to it, they ate well without Yu IlHan having to tell them to eat.

When the empire was intact, they wouldn’t have ate even if he forced them, but their reasoning seemed to have changed after experiencing the downfall; they realized that they had to do anything to prevent it from collapsing again. Yu IlHan placed the elves high regard due to that.

After a mere 20 days since Yu IlHan started writing a new chapter of history for the elves(or so the elves said), the elves succeeded in transforming from refugees into talents.

Unlike when they lived in hiding, they washed up, they ate without being picky, and trained their bodies through fighting monsters, so their innate beauty started coming into light.

If Yu IlHan took them to Earth, then they would take over Hollywood hands down. However, perhaps the number 1 beauty Na YuNa would still be able to win against the elves.

Their rare smiles had returned, and now they started hunting monsters at their level without Yu IlHan needing to say anything. The first class elves also advanced to 2nd class quickly and proved their talents.

The blacksmiths repaired and created some equipments with what little ability they had and the buildings for habitation also became sturdier as the days went by. The share of stored foods increased, and the skills of the cooks rose accordingly.

“Good.”

Yu IlHan finally decided to leave around that time. He stayed for around 3 more times as he originally decided on, but he did not see the need to stay any longer.

He judged that he didn’t have to look after Dareu any more if their foundation was set this solid.

“I’m going home now.”

“Your Majesty!?”

Just that one line, he tried to leave after vaguely telling them, but the elves caused an uproar.

When they found out that Yu IlHan was not joking, there were some who just collapsed and cried, some who cried while grabbing onto Yu IlHan’s legs, and some who just cried still…… They were all crying!

“Why must you abandon us! Did we do anything wrong?”

“It was decided that I leave from the beginning!”

“Even so!”

“Your Majestyyy!”

Yu IlHan didn’t know of this fact, but it seemed the elves were stubborn once they set sight on something.

It was just ‘you can just be our emperor’ at first, but now, their reliance and belief amplified while he worked with them for 20 days.

[And the result is the sea of tears we have here.]

“If you knew, then speak up first!”

[I didn’t. Not all elves are like this. And honestly, these guys are strange.]

“*Sob*, Your Majesty!”

“Take me too!”

“Your Majesty!”

“These guys are playing a symphony of ‘Your Majesty’.”

If it was malice, hostility, or suspicion instead, it would be easier for him to do something; as he could rely on no one else other than his parents, and he did not believe in anyone.

That was also the reason why he could prepare against Reta’s betrayal, and the reason he could see through others’ inner thoughts quickly.

“Your Majesty, no!”

“Your Majestyyy!”

However this situation, the experience of receiving the pure love of so many people, was very new for him. He had never received such things, so he didn’t know how to, nor did he know what to do.

If he said it was unpleasant, then it would be a lie. However, he was more afraid than anything.

Is this love real? Aren’t they deceiving me since they have something they want from me like Reta did? – Starting with those suspicions, he became afraid that this love may disappear or change so he even wanted to just let go.

Right now, Yu IlHan wanted to just run away. If so, then he would have no need to doubt them, nor fear that their emotions will change in the future.

However, the thought that he couldn’t leave them like this held him back. If he ran away without saying anything after all this, then he would be too sorry for the elves.

It wasn’t that Yu IlHan looked after them with the mindset of playing Sim City for 20 days either.

“I need to go.”

So, Yu IlHan spoke honestly to the elves.

“This place is dangerous, but my homeland, Earth, is in no less danger.”

He set up Vanguard and increased the battle powers of several guilds. The people of Earth definitely became stronger.

However, he was still worried. If he didn’t have the excuse of stabilizing Dareu, then he would not have received the position of the elven emperor even if it was temporary.

“I want to look after you more, but I can’t. I’m sorry.”

“How can this be…….”

The elves accepted, and became dejected.

They couldn’t hold Yu IlHan back after learning that his homeland was in danger.

Yu IlHan was also sorry for the elves. He did think that he wanted to hand over the possession of the magic formation, but that was impossible in two ways.

No matter how passionate the elves were fo Yu IlHan, he couldn’t trust them completely as he had only lived 20 days with them – which was the first reason, and the second reason was that it was only possible to hand over the ownership on the moment of the owner’s death.

There was something else that was possible, which was to divide the control of the magic formation.

The previous elf emperor did not do this because he didn’t want to split his power over the throne, and because he couldn’t acquire the materials, but Yu IlHan was different.

“Mirfa.”

“Yes, Your Majesty.”

The female elf, that was publicly acknowledged and self-proclaimed as the number two, due to her proficiency in both battle and productive ability, came towards Yu IlHan. She said she was 518 years old as of this year, but she was a beauty that looked no more than 25.

Yu IlHan handed over the mana crafter magic stone to her. It was an artifact made of a 4th class magic stone.

“You can control the formation with this, albeit not as completely as me. But you will be able to use them to transfer a battalion or for finding monsters. It’s very precious so don’t lose it.”

“Ah.”

Mirfa became dejected and lowered her head after realizing what it meant by Yu IlHan handing over the item to her. With a bitter smile, Yu IlHan consoled her. This was the first time Yu IlHan had ever consoled anybody in his life.

“I’ll come back to play some time. Or you can come over when you’ve settled down. Wait, can you do that in the first place?”

“Your Majesty…….?”

[Even monsters can come and go, there’s no reason why elves can’t.]

“You can!”

Yu IlHan consoled her with confidence after receiving the confirmation from Erta. Fortunately, Mirfa’s expression became brighter.

“Then take some of us.”

And spoke nonsense.

“No.”

“I can only be relieved that way!”

“Even if I take you, you guys are too weak, so you will only become hindrances.”

The elves all became dejected when Yu IlHan spoke the truth. However, they recovered soon and attacked even more.

“Then you can make us do trivial things! We want to serve you at your side by any means!”

“We won’t become hindrances so please take us, Your Majesty!”

“Your Majestyyy!”

The desperate gaze attacks of the elves lynched Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan’s chest prickled.

Yu IlHan was very strong in seeing through and destroying the false relationship on the surface between humans, but was very weak against honest affections towards himself. Even if it stemmed from loyalty due to overwhelming power and authority.

Although, until yet, he didn’t know because he hadn’t received true affection.1

In the end he couldn’t win against their gazes and spoke while turning his head.

“O, okay. Then about four of you can follow me.”

That was the limit of what Yu IlHan could handle as he still couldn’t completely trust the elves.

“Four!”

[Yu IlHan……. Do you know that you’re so cute right now?]

“Shaddap.”

While Erta was touched at Yu IlHan’s new side and teased him, a battle royale occurred between the elves who wanted to follow Yu IlHn.

Hundreds of elves rampaged around with swords, axes, bow and arrows, spears, or hammers, and some even carried smithing hammers and frying pans. Looking at that vicious scene, Yu IlHan found it funny and muttered in happiness.

“If I put in a little more effort, would there be a person on Earth who would truly have liked me? Not just on the surface, but truly with the heart…”

For the first time in the loner’s life, Yu IlHan looked back his life alone.

[Probably no, because of your concealment.]

Spoke Erta, before adding.

[Although, it maybe different now, since you can control it now.]

“You really are horrible at consoling people.”

[I don’t wanna hear that from you!]

The battle royale ended. The strongest four were glistening their eyes in that place, and coincidentally, there were two women and two men.

If something could be called strange, it was that all four could be seen as nothing but beautiful women despite the fact that they gained muscles due to eating meat on Yu IlHan’s orders.

However, Yu IlHan shook his head while looking at the four elves who had an average level of 85.

“What would the other guys do if I take the strongest ones? Pick again.”

“The rest are plenty strong too. They will grow fast.”

“We want to follow you!”

“Please let us follow you!”

“Your Majesty!”

Yu IlHan lost again due to the barrage of gaze attacks.

“O, okay. But on Earth, you need to call me Yu IlHan, not Your Majesty, got it?”

“Yes, Your Majesty!”

He finished saying farewell to the elves, and handed over the control of the magic formation to Mirfa, and the four to follow Yu IlHan was also decided. The elves wracked their brains thinking about how to hold Yu IlHan here, but Yu IlHan didn’t allow that anymore.

He let go of too many things. He quickly wanted to return to Earth, where no one cared about him, rather than being here where the elves made him feel uneasy.

[You are the center of attention due to Vanguard though?]

“That’s not me but the equipments, so it’s alright. It’s not the inside, but the outside.”

Erta felt that she got to know Yu IlHan better when she heard that; a little more about why Yu IlHan rejected Na YuNa so much, and instead accepted Kang MiRae more, along with the reasons as to why he cherished Lita and herself more compared to the others.

Yu IlHan left the in-the-middle-of-construction empire along with the 4 victor elves.

According to their levels, the four that followed Yu IlHan were: level 87 female greatsword warrior Mirey, level 86 male archer Paté, level 85 male shield warrior Jirl, and level 83 female thief Phiria.

In Yu IlHan’s eyes, they were weaklings who he doubted could fight against 2 3rd class dragons, but in truth, they were stronger than any other group on Earth right now.

Yu IlHan moved towards the outer areas of the magic circle and looked for the gate to Earth.

The elves had sparkling eyes in joy at going to where Yu IlHan was born and raised, Yu IlHan resolved to stowaway when going to Korea after applying his concealment on them after looking at their appearances.

It didn’t take too long to find the gate. It wasn’t too hard to make another dog hole with Erta’s power, and it was of course, even easier for the 6 including Yu IlHan to exit to Earth.

The problem was Earth.

Honestly, Yu IlHan expected that the 2nd Great Cataclysm may arrive on Earth while he was in Dareu, which was also the reason why he hurriedly cleaned out the dragonkin.

However, Yu IlHan’s thoughts were very naïve. How?

The three months Yu IlHan had left Earth.

Earth was at peace without any problems!



Chapter 103

In the three months he was away, Earth had become more used to the Great Cataclysm.

Many safe buildings were newly built, and an official system to manage the dungeons was created. The ability user platoons managed by the countries also started taking shape, and the clans, which operated like companies, also solidified their place in the changing society.

The value of strong ability users increased more and more, and many industries and technology lost their meaning, and even more new industries started rising.

Of course, this was all an achievement made under the blood and sweat of many.

The mana concentrated in Japan spread around the world along with Orochi’s death, and the concentration of mana on Earth rose as a whole, which made the frequency of monster occurrences and dungeon occurrences much much higher. Anyone with power had to fight in order to protect their homes.

Meanwhile, the 26 clans who succeeded in getting higher standard weapons from Vanguard, shined brighter than any others.

The gear Yu IlHan sold were usable even after one became a 3rd class, and they just had to hunt the monsters while being careful not to damage it.

Their reputation rose by the day in their countries, and in the world, and in truth, their levels were rising incomparably faster than other clans to the point that the other clans couldn’t do anything to them even if they wanted to.

Then, what was left was desperateness.

They wished that Vanguard would sell them higher weapons, or even, just standard weapons on a large scale, before the gap became bigger.

It was funny, but the gear shop that Yu IlHan had set up since he did not want to suffer alone, had become the number one wish for everyone in the world. In a mere 4 months.

There were two others who received attention that was not inferior to Vanguard, which was the Lightning God Clan of Korea, and Suppression, who was the only organization under a country’s government, and was supplied gear by Yu IlHan.

[The Lightning God Clan of Korea conquers difficult dungeons one after the other!]

[Overwhelming growth of small scale clans. Everyone predicts the alliance of Vanguard.]

[The small tiger of Korea, Suppression, becomes an army admired by all.]

“Wow.”

[It seems your gear were pretty good.]

It seemed that the reputation of the Lightning God Clan, and Suppression was really high as he could read news about them despite still being in America.

They were mostly news about how the Lightning God Clan saved a clan who were isolated inside a dungeon, or about Suppression, who safely exterminated monsters in a danger zone in another country.

“Wow, the taegeukgi (Korean flag) is flapping everywhere.”

[Your share should be high too. Why don’t you ask them to deduct your taxes every time a taegukgi flaps?]

“Are you a genius?”

Of course, Vanguard should have influenced it since it opened in Gangnam of Seoul. The opinion that the Lightning God Clan had a deeper relationship with Vanguard than the other clans were floating around the net.

The Lightning God Clan neither acknowledged nor rejected that statement, but the people were sure about it

[Who is the owner of Vanguard, Yu IlHan?]

[Vanguard supplies weapons that could not be seen in any other world. The president, Yu IlHan, is believed to have a unique ability that can buff productive abilities……]

The people were at the point where they wrote novels about Vanguard, Lightning God, and Suppression, and making secondary versions of it. It was so serious that Yu IlHan read books about the life of ten different ‘Yu IlHan’s while heading to the airport with concealment.

“This world feels really stuffy.”

“The mana concentration is too low.”

“Haaa, Fuuu.”

The four elves that stuck to Yu IlHan in fear of concealment wearing off, were having a hard time due to the difference in concentration of mana between Dareu and Earth. Their long ears flapping were a proof of that.

They must feel like their power was draining. Yu IlHan was also feeling something similar in real time, so he knew very well. He spoke to them with a laugh.

“You probably won’t be able to bring your full powers out here.”

“We were prepared, but the pain is unimaginably more painful.”

“How can a hero like Your Majesty come out in a world that has only gone through the 1st Great Cataclysm?”

“I said don’t call me Your Majesty.”

“Ah, I’m very sorry, Your Majesty!”

Silently deciding that he should educate them properly when they go back, Yu IlHan lead them to the airport. Then, he ignored numerous people and stowed away. The elves just followed Yu IlHan onto the aeroplane without knowing anything.

“There really are interesting things, to think that such a lump of metal flies in the air.”

“There were some human countries that made things like this.”

“You’re right, they fell shortly after the 2nd Great Cataclysm though.”

The nonchalant talk of the elves made Yu IlHan shiver. It was as if they were foretelling that human civilization would fall.

[Earth may be different. All worlds have their own ways of living.]

“It would be good if it’s so.”

After a few hours, they arrived at Korea. A lot had changed in the three months in Korea as well, especially the cities that developed much faster than the non-cities.

The already high population density increased, and a portion of the monster danger zones were completely isolated. He felt as if looking at a completely different country.

What was more important than anything was that talks about Vanguard, Lightning God, and Suppression were talked at least 10 times as frequently here.

“This is His Majesty’s homeland!”

“It really is messy and noisy. Especially the buildings look quite strange.”

“I really can’t understand what they’re saying.”

“Ah.”

Yu IlHan finally realized that the elves did not know Korean, not to mention English. While Yu IlHan felt depressed thinking about whether he had to first teach them Korean, Erta spoke like it was nothing much.

[They just need an artifact each.]

“What!?”

[Heaven’s Army has tons of artifacts with translation magic cast on it. Although it isn’t like it can translate monster speak or dragon tongue, but it should be possible to translate between elven language of Dareu and a language spoken on Earth.]

Yu IlHan widened his mouth in disbelief.

“No way, there’s no way you guys are so capable.”

[Then forget it.]

“I’m very sorry. Please give them to me.”

[Heheh, then I’ll hand over some of them. Since your achievements were so big this time, 4 translation artifacts shouldn’t be so difficult.]

Yu IlHan also laughed when he saw that Erta enjoyed the sense of superiority she hadn’t felt in a long time. However, that was for just a moment. Since the word ‘Haeven’s Army’ came out, he thought of someone and his face paled.

“Will Lita be alright?”

He couldn’t be sure of anything, but Yu IlHan was sure that the Destruction Demon Army was aiming for him in order to target Lita. Whether it was because Lita was strong and was a threat to them, or whether she had another value for them.

Since Yu IlHan had killed them all in reverse, not to mention getting caught, it was alright, but what if Lita was fooled by them? Even if she didn’t, what if she was defeated by them?

He sealed such thoughts in Dareu as he couldn’t relax his tension all the time, but now that he did think about her, he couldn’t calm down.

Erta spoke in a bitter smile after realizing what he wa thinking.

[If you’re so worried, should I go up and check?]

“Please.”

[I’ll check then.]

She headed to Heaven without saying much. Yu IlHan spoke to the elves who were blinking their eyes without knowing what happened since they weren’t able to see angels.

“Then let’s first go home.”

“To, to Your Majesty’s mansion? You can just give us a small room in a small annex.

“I have no such thing.”

The strongest of the four elves, the beauty greatsword warrior Mirey, tilted her head before shouting ‘aha!’ with a bulb above her head.

“Then, a separate palace!”

“You wanna get beaten up?”

“Then I’ll follow Your Majesty.”

“His Violent Majesty is cool too.”

“Shut up you idiot.”

The elves shut their mouths and followed Yu IlHan. Thinking that it was really fortunate that he had bought out an entire floor of an apartment building, Yu IlHan led them to the apartment in Gangnam.

On the way, they also passed by the building owned by Yu IlHan, and where Vanguard is,

He checked whether the building was still intact, or whether the angel’s protective magic was still there, and he contacted his parents when he almost arrived at the apartment.

Fortunately, his mother received his call.

[Son! You’ve been to another world? You sure took your time.]

“Yes, mom. Father’s still well, right?”

It wasn’t exactly wrong. Although it was an Abandoned World, wasn’t it still another world?

Now Yu IlHan was also a returnee! Although he did feel tragic thinking that whether it was worth it to become a returnee in this way!

However, just as Yu IlHan was immersed in his tragedy, his mother calmly spoke some words that would make Yu IlHan faint if he heard it in his highschool days.

[Your father quit work.]

“…….That’s good. But why?”

[The company went bankrupt. Well, all companies in this field went bankrupt. I think it will take some time until he can find new work.]

A simple and cool reason. Yu IlHan thought about sending money home, and thought that his father would never accept it even if he died, so he spoke to his mother.

“If father still wants to work, how about working at Vanguard, mom?”

Of course, his parents knew that he was the president of Vanguard. At first, the two of them thought that their son made some good ties in another world, setting up a gear shop, but watching Vanguard becoming the center of the world, they realized that the thin protective armor that Yu IlHan gave them before was the foreshadow for everything.

“Rather than specialized work, it’s more like managing the store, receiving calls……. and some bothersome work, since it’s the center of attention and all.”

[That’s good. This man should earn some money from his son to realize that his days are long gone.]

His mother took the bait. Even while sweating cold sweat at his mother’s direct words, Yu IlHan ended up scattering salt on the wound.

“How…… about just moving over to Gangnam?”

[Puh.]

His mother burst out laughing. Then, she scolded him.

[You didn’t contact us for three months, but it seems that you are worried about us, eh. It’s alright. Mother has some ability, and as for your father……. it will be fine if he stays next to your mother.]

All mothers were really quick witted. With a bitter smile, Yu IlHan gave up on moving his parents to Gangnam. Instead, he told them that he would go look for them in a few days, before going to the top floor of the apartment building with the four elves.

Although it was smaller than they expected, they exclaimed at the quite a big apartment building while asking.

“This giant building is owned by Your Majesty?”

“Just the top floor.”

“How is that possible?”

“Think of it as the providence of the universe.”

“Wow, what’s that on the wall, a button?”

“It’s the magic tool that calls for an extremely small scale war once ditching after pressing, the bell.”

Yu IlHan dragged the four elves who looked like RPG noobs trying to double click everything they could see and opened the door to his house at the top floor.

“First, don’t do anything and listen to me. I’ll explain you the lifestyle of Earth from alpha to omega.”

“Your Majesty is our alpha and omega!”

“Shut up and listen to……”

Just as he was about to explain to the four fanatics, he tilted his head. He could feel a presence in his bedroom.

He would think ‘that can happen’ if it was the intrusion of someone with malice towards himself, but this presence was one that he was really used to.

“Erta?”

Did she come back first after getting news of Lita? That was possible – Yu IlHan opened the door to the bedroom while thinking that.

On the king sized bed prepared by Yu IlHan, without holding back any money, as he thought that sleep was the most valuable thing on Earth, a beauty with ‘two pairs’ of wings, was sleeping on the bed while snoring.



Chapter 104

“……”

“Who is that? She gives out an overwhelming pressure even while sleeping.”

“Look at those wings. It’s Heaven’s Army.”

“The ones that abandoned us.”

“Honestly, I can’t bring myself to like them.”

“Shut up, you all.”

“Yes!”

Unlike Erta who meticulously hid her presence even while on Yu IlHan’s head, the person sleeping on the bed was blatantly exuding her presence, that even the elves could notice her existence.

Yu IlHan found the situation too absurd, and so, he checked her face from the side two or three times.

“…….It’s her alright.”

Although she became prettier than what he remembered, she was definitely the other contractor angel, Lita. Above all, the sub class given to him, Angel’s Partner, was telling him that she was definitely his contractor.

This person, is Lita.

The person in question was sleeping like this even though she made someone worry so much? As he had planned, he should punish……

“*Sigh*.”

……. couldn’t do that, so Yu IlHan tapped on the end of the wings, making them contract into the shoulder blades (although, there was only one pair of wings before), before turning her body upright and covered her body with the blanket.

“…….It’s the first time I see His Majesty with such gentle eyes.”

“Is it His Majesty’s lover? To think he’d seduce a higher existence, he really is His Eternal Majesty.”

“Jirl, His Majesty is a solo. He must be. So shut up.”

Now that she was in a comfortable position, Lita’s creased expression relaxed.

Even Yu IlHan’s facial tension relaxed after thinking that this figure looked more like a next door noona, rather than a higher existence.

Anyway, he felt that it was fortunate that Lita was well, turning his head around, he saw four elves staring at him.

“What, why?”

“It’s nothing.”

The four elves who looked a little like they swallowed poop, simultaneously denied reality and shook their heads. Yu IlHan snorted before exiting the room and closing the door, before explaining to the elves.

“Although it’s no big secret, I’m in some form of contract with the angels and there will be a lot of cases where I move with them. There was also the angels’ help while driving out dragonkin from Dareu, so I want you to forget your grievances with them, at least to the ones around me.”

“If it’s Your Majesty’s order, then we abide.”

“You aren’t dating her, right? Right?”

“Don’t put salt on someone’s wounds like that.”

Yu IlHan first explained to the elves about the items in the apartment. Of course, they did not comprehend modern lifestyle, but he just skipped the details and said ‘it’s an artifact so do as I say’, which they obediently accepted.

“The two women should use this room, and the two men should use this room. Although there’s no bed at the moment, I ordered it so it will arrive soon. Of course, if you want to date one another then I have every intention to give you a separate room. That’s it. Questions?”

The archer, Paté, abruptly raised his hand. He, was a beauty (male) with white skin and wavy blond hair that looked like it could harbor the morning dew.

“I’m for Your Majesty all the way!”

“I didn’t want to hear that from a male. Next.”

Now, the thief, Phiria, spoke in a small but firm voice. She had a slightly short stature, but her short black hair and her cold eyes gave out overwhelming charm.

“I want to train with Your Majesty!”

“Later. Next.”

“That’s it, sir!”

There’s nothing they’re curious about even though they came to another world? Yu ilHan, who remembered that the first elves he had met had some intelligence, despaired at the fact that there’s no other interest for the elves other than himself and battle, but it was too late by then.

Yes, it was all fine if they were satisfied with it. Since he brought them here to Earth, it would be good if he made them stronger. Thinking that, Yu IlHan decided to wash up first.

However, just as he threw his clothes, there was something else he thought of.

‘To think of it, those guys don’t even have any clothes.’

Although, that wasn’t the only thing he should be worried about.

The most important issue was their appearances. Since they couldn’t be with Yu IlHan 24/7, there would come a time where they would have to act alone, but as long as they were elves, it was a problem about how to hide those ears.

“I should have asked Erta for some artifacts to hide their ears too.”

[I knew you’d need that, so I brought some artifacts that have both translation function and body part transformation function. No lower existence should be able to see through them.]

Yu IlHan turned around just as he was about to take off his pants. It was, as expected, Erta who was there.

[You saw, right?]

“I did, did you see too?”

[I did.]

Exchanging words, they both sighed. Yu IlHan put some hot water on the tub and immersed himself, and Erta transformed into palm-size, and sat on one corner of the tub.

[The war is over for now. We don’t know when the Wall of Chaos may open again, but they did say that we’re past the critical point.]

“That’s why Lita’s here.”

[It’s Liera now, not Lita. She was promoted.]

So angels change their names upon promoting. While Yu IlHan was feeling a strange sentiment, Erta tapped on the water in the tub and continued.

[Her achievements were great. Although she was reckless from the beginning, she seemed to disappear mid-way, and appeared after pulling out the roots of a portion of Destruction Demon Army inside the Wall of Chaos. And that was the finale. Even Spiera, who was involved in her promotion, was shocked, they say.]

“That’s some frightening achievements.”

Yu IlHan shouldn’t be at fault for thinking up of a monster rather than an angel.

[Although the time is quite coincidental, it has only been 5 hours since the war of the Wall of Chaos had ended. Liera didn’t report to anyone and came straight here after the Wall of Chaos closed. Even if it’s you, you shouldn’t not know what her actions mean, right?]

“I can’t not know.”

Yu IlHan laughed bitterly before replying.

“She should be very tired. Lita, no, Liera knows that my bed is the best bed in the world, custom ordered from my calculations and pre-investigation as a master of resting.

Erta was never more frustrated than now about how she couldn’t use her powers as a higher existence on Earth. If she could just beat him up!

However, she couldn’t say everything, so she could only…

[……Yes. So, look after her a lot.]

…say that.

Yu IlHan exited his bathtub after finishing his refreshing bath time after a long while. He then put on some new clothes, and threw the four elves (after separating them to male and female), who were standing there absent-mindedly even though he had assigned them rooms.

After that, he bought a ton of underwear and clothes from a nearby shop, and distributed them the earring shaped artifacts he got from Erta.

“Ooh, these clothes are so comfortable.”

“The underwear are too small, Your Majesty. Both my chest and my hips are tight…….”

“Then go buy them yourself later.”

The elves now were no different from Earthlings after they wore clothes of Earth and wore the earring artifact, other than how they were too pretty.

It was funny since they looked so off, but now, there was no way the police or the military would stop them. Although, the scouts from the model industry, or idol office producers may do that!

Good, now, the urgent fire was put out. There were still mountain loads of things to do, but there was something else he had to do before he started working hard again.

“Well, then. You guys have a rest too.”

“What about Your Majesty?”

“I’m going to sleep.”

“Then we’ll sleep with you!”

“You sleep by yourselves.”

Firmly declaring that, Yu IlHan returned to his room and snuggled next to Liera, who was sleeping in the proper position right now. He thought of the time when Liera slept next to him before she was dragged into the Wall of Chaos.

[You’re going to sleep next to her?]

“It’s not like I can wake her. It’s also not like she minds either, from what I saw last time.”

She doesn’t mind so he’s safe! – if Liera heard that, she wouldn’t know whether to smile or cry. With such a comment, Yu IlHan closed his eyes. Erta found that absurd and retorted.

[Yes, do that…… It will be the best reward for her.]

“Zzz.”

Erta spoke that out loud, intending Yu IlHan to hear it, but the person himself fell asleep in 1.5 seconds and didn’t hear it.

[Hey!]

Momentarily, Erta even doubted whether Yu IlHan did that on purpose even while knowing about how the two girls felt towards him, but seeing a human and a higher angel having a good sleep, she became sleepy, and she also slept next to Yu IlHan’s head.

The first one to wake up was Erta. Well, it was her who had the least fatigue, so it was natural.

‘Although I did give out energy to Yu IlHan due to the Angel’s Support skill, but I didn’t use the final method until the end. Although, it’s more correct to say that there was no situation that arose which required me to.’

There was no need to overuse the Angel’s Support skill as an active skill while fighting the other dragons, and Teraka was an opponent he couldn’t win against by any means. Whatever Yu IlHan experienced, there was no ‘middle level’.

Erta thought of the moment they met with the dragon Teraka. It was close even thinking about it now. Really, it was a miracle that it was a higher existence, and that Lecidna received its ‘shell’.

‘We’ll raise the child well.’

Dragons were horrifying and annoying to have as enemies, but the dragons acting on the humans’ side were several times more reassuring. Thinking of the egg that should still be in Yu IlHan’s Cross Bag, Erta nodded her head.

‘Now that I think about it, the rewards aren’t given out yet.’

Yu IlHan would be surprised when he receives the rewards. Erta thought of such a scene and giggled to herself, when she found that there was a thin and long spear next to the bed.

[Huh?]

A very sharp spearhead, and the spear body that was made from unknown metal, definitely showed that it was a high ranked artifact. However, it wasn’t Yu IlHan’s work. It lacked a certain elaborateness to have been made by Yu IlHan.

Moreover, what was that thick pink aura around the spear? It wasn’t normal mana, nor was it an attribute force made with a special magic stone, so that is…….

Tap

The moment Erta’s hand touched the spear, a flawless hand extended from the bed grabbed onto the spear. The owner of the hand, Liera, glared at Erta with scary eyes.

[Don’t touch it.] (Liera)

[Liera…… I already saw it.] (Erta)

[Dang.] (Liera)

Erta sighed while looking at Liera who turned her head while flinching, and shouted.

[How can you receive a recorded god’s blessing even though you’re an Envoy of God!!] (Erta)

[But I was about to die, I couldn’t help it!]

Liera shouted shamelessly without making excuses. Before, her eyes were brown with a tint of purple, but now that she received a blessing of a god, her eyes were giving out unrealistic red light, like rubies.

Erta asked, her expression was also a little red.

[Aren’t you embarrassed?] (Erta)

[What’s there to be embarrassed about? I’m proud.] (Liera)

So angels become so frightening when in love… Erta just laughed in dumbfoundedness and confirmed the information of the spear.

[Apocalyptic-ally Beautiful Steel spear Blessed by the god of love]

[Rank – Epic]

[Attack Power – 7,500]

[Options – All options are applied as long as the love is kept

1. All abilities increase by 40%

2. Creates a huge shockwave by consuming mana every critical hit.

3. Will not receive critical hits as long as the user is grabbing the spear, and dodge rate increases by extreme amounts

4. All abilities increase additionally by 30% in battles to protect the beloved]

[User restrictions – The one blessed by the god of love]

[A tattered sword kept as the proof of love evolved from the blessing of a god, and became a spear. It evolves according to the growth of the user’s love.]

Yes. Liera could escape the crisis thanks to receiving the blessing of the god of love in the crisis of death!

[*Screams*!] (Erta)

Erta puked out blood. She felt her hands and feet getting the shivers just by reading the abilities of the artifact! It was a splendid hand crusher from the name to the description!

Looking at such Erta, Liera embraced the spear and spoke proudly.

[It’s the sword that IlHan made for the first time. Although, it’s a spear now.] (Liera)

[You hid such things in secret!? It sure has amazing power to attack a person’s heart just by reading the information on it.] (Erta)

[There’s no such function though……]

While the angels were chatting, Yu IlHan woke up due to the blinding green text that appeared on his retina.

[You have achieved one of the conditions to be blessed by the god of smithing. You will receive the blessing once you fulfill another condition.]

“What!?”

Just what did he do to fulfill something! Yu IlHan who woke up from sleep, could find the mini sized Erta floating in the air, and Liera who was hugging a spear that was giving out overwhelming force.

[Oh.] (Liera)

Her eyes widened when she looked at Yu IlHan who woke up with a shout, but she eventually put on a bright smile like a blooming flower and spoke.

[IlHan, I’m back.] (Liera)

「“Welcome back”」

-Fin-3

Yu IlHan laughed faintly and replied when Liera said that.

“Yeah. Let me have a look at that spear.”

This was Yu IlHan’s best attempt to resist since he felt that something might end if he said ‘Welcome back’.



Chapter 105

Although he couldn’t check the information and stats of the spear since Liera frantically hid it behind her, it was undeniable that one of the blessing’s requirements had been fulfilled due to it.

Just how was the spear related to him anyway? However, when he tried appraising the spear while staring at it intently, Liera threatened to cry so he could only give up. Only Erta, who knew the answer to Yu Ilhan’s dilemma, observed the situation while letting out a soft sigh.

[Yu IlHan, just obediently receive your rewards.] (Erta)

“Yes, ma’am.”

[Heaven Quest 006 Dareu extermination, complete!]

[All status increased by 5. Strength increases additionally by 10.]

[You have learnt the active skill, Rule, you can take in subordinates, and the ones subordinated to you by this skill cannot harm the ruler due to a restriction stronger than that of being in a party. You will be able to govern the beings under you better as the skill level rises, and will be able to accelerate their growth. Currently, as of level 1, you can take up to 5 subordinates. You cannot activate the skill without the other party’s agreement.]

“Hm?”

[The skills given to you by Heaven are always related to the accumulated record and achievements you acquire. You know why you got this skill, right?] (Erta)

Yes, of course. It’s just that he had too many suspicions.

Honestly, it was a good thing. He was worried that the elves that followed him to Earth were too weak, and although he was a little bitter that he was doing so with the help of the skill, but he cold now completely believe in the elves.

Joy and sadness, guilt and a sense of safety, etc – such complex feelings enveloped Yu IlHan. Erta, who saw him, added with a faint smile.

[Originally, we thought that the lower stage version, Lead, would have been sufficient, but your achievements were so great that it got upgraded automatically. You should’ve seen the angels’ faces.] (Erta)

[If it’s IlHan, this much is only natural.] (Liera)

[Also.] (Erta)

Erta pointed to Yu IlHan’s Cross Bag. The moment she did, the Cross Bag amazingly disappeared!

“Hey!”

[Yu IlHan. You’ve perfectly cleaned up Dareu which could have upset the balance due to being connected with Earth, and even supported the intelligent species there to the point that they can develop further. The merits from that is extremely high, and therefore, Heaven has decided that we’ll give you the inventories of the angels that died during the war at the Wall of Chaos this time.] (Erta)

Yu IlHan blinked his eyes; he didn’t quite understand what she was saying.

“I thought you said inventory was magic?”

[To be exact, inventories are born with interspace creation magic. And when the owner dies, it isn’t impossible to hand over the ownership to someone else. It’s a similar concept to how you became the owner of the elven empire’s magic formation.] (Erta)

“And you didn’t give it to me when I wanted it so much!”

[Would we kill a fine angel just to give you an inventory? Also, it’s impossible anyway if the receiver cannot wield mana.] (Erta)

It was too correct to say anything. So, in the end, the rewards this time were too coincidental.

“So, where did my Cross Bag go?”

He always wanted an inventory, but Yu IlHan had profited immensely due to the weight transfer function and the remote collection function attached to the Cross Bag. It would be difficult for him if they suddenly disappeared now.

[Along with the destruction of the Cross Bag, all its contents were transferred to the inventory. The options the Cross Bag had were also applied to the inventory as well. However, remote collection and weight transfer might have changed scales so please practice it.] (Erta)

With those words, she tapped her hand on Yu IlHan’s hand.

Marvelously, Yu IlHan could comprehend how the inventory was transferred to him, and what he had to do in order to use that inventory at the moment she touched him.

Although he couldn’t see with his eyes since they weren’t on Earth, the interspace was something that Yu IlHan could access at any moment in order to take something out. This was the moment that Yu IlHan had received a fragment of a higher existence’s magic.

[You received the possession of an inventory. The total space equals the interspaces of twelve lower ranked angels. They have the following options, and the abilities will increase according to the growth of the owner’s magic.]

[ 1. Weight transfer, control.]

[ 2. Frozen time.]

[ 3. Remote collection of possessions.]

He immediately felt what happened. Although he had to control the Cross Bag with the weight control option, now that it became an inventory, there was no need for that. Therefore, the weight control option was merged into the weight transfer option. And that, was a dream combination.

Now, Yu IlHan could transfer, specifically, a 100,000 tons, or 10 tons even if the total mass in the bag was a million tons.

“Hm. If it’s with my strength now, how many tons can I handle?”

[You will need practice.] (Erta)

The second option, the frozen time inside the interspace, seemed like a characteristic of an inventory. Of course, there will be no rotting inside, so the Cross Bag option would disappear.

Also, what was transferred completely in itself, was the remote collection of possessions. Perhaps due to the increased affinity towards the inventory rather than the Cross Bag, he could now take out several items in several different locations at once, and it also became easier to set a direction.

“Good, it’s getting close to my ideal!”

[If you tell me before you reach it, I’ll stop them from becoming things that we might get sued for.] (Erta)

[If it’s to the point that he was granted an inventory, he must have really cleaned up Dareu.] (Liera)

How did he manage that when there were 4th classes everywhere? Liera found that absurd, but Yu IlHan and Erta did not mention the details, since she wouldn’t believe it even if they did.

After receiving all the rewards, Yu IlHan went to the elves’ rooms to use the rule skill, but the elves were sleeping on the floor as there was no bed, with each sex in their respective rooms.

Well, although they said that they will serve the emperor, or that they had nothing that they were curious about, they had just come to a completely different world, leaving their homeland and choosing to believe in Yu IlHan. They were probably nervous, and tired. That was normal.

However, they relaxed thinking that this place was where Yu IlHan lived. The elves were all sleeping with naïve expressions.

Although the scene was sexy rather than cute due to their appearances, Yu IlHan couldn’t help but chuckle while looking at them.

“These airheads.”

[Who’s saying that to who?] (Erta)

[Who are these elves? I need to erase them for me and IlHan’s future, right?] (Liera)

[And here we almost had a heartwarming scene…… Liera, since you got promoted, stop being an embarrassment.] (Erta)

A little more, and the guard towards the elves went down.

Since he couldn’t activate the skill without the opponent’s agreement, he decided to delay that and exited his house.

Why? Of course, it was to work, since he had a proper rest. The three things that Yu IlHan liked the most were sleeping, eating, and doing manual labor! Of course, only after the word ‘alone’ was attached after it.

Yu IlHan headed to the underground level of the building in his possession nearby the apartment. His workshop was still placed in a position where no one could enter.

“I left for three months and this place looks fine.”

Flicker, flicker. Eternal Flame, which met its master after a long time greeted him while swaying. Yu IlHan threw some 3rd class magic stones and dragonkin meat into the furnace and spoke.

“There’s a lot for you to eat.”

Eternal Flame rejoiced. It seemed to. Of course, it was fine even if it hadn’t. He’d just force feed it.

‘Well, then.’

Time to smith – was what he thought when something popped up into his mind.

“I still haven’t chose my subclass!”

[I thought you were delaying it intentionally!?] (Erta)

Rarely, there were people who were stubborn about not getting a subclass immediately after getting a main class, thinking that they might be able to get a better subclass if they waited a little.

Of course, this didn’t apply to Yu IlHan. He just forgot about it until now.

“I wonder if there’s anything similar to God’s Hammer.”

[Since you said that you fulfilled another requirement, wouldn’t it give you something similar?] (Erta)

Yu IlHan immediately called out the list of available subclasses. However, as if it was mad at him for not choosing it as a main class, there was no smithing-category subclass no matter how hard he looked.

Perhaps due to the influence of leading the elves, there was something like ‘newbie monarch’. But even so.

“I didn’t expect so much anyway, so let’s just choose an ordinary blacks…… Huh?”

Yu IlHan ignored the temptation of numerous subclasses and was about to choose blacksmith but he stopped in panic. Since this was something she was used to, Erta and Liera’s expression didn’t change much.

[Did some revolutionary job appear or something?]

[Monster Lord or ruler?]

“Close, Erta. It’s Dragon Rider.”

[ 27. Dragon Rider]

In contrast to every other subclasses highlighted with green text, only Dragon Rider was colored in gold. Quite blatantly, it was as if all others were no good!

[It’s the first time I’ve heard someone getting a Dragon Rider as a subclass, not main, even with my lifespan as an angel……] (Liera)

[At this point, it’s as if someone’s interfering, preventing you from becoming a blacksmith.] (Erta)

“It was because of you at the time of the 2nd class advancement.”

Ignoring his words, Erta continued.

[But it will be good to choose Dragon Rider. There’s no need to hesitate.] (Erta)

[What will he do even if he does? Didn’t he kill all the dragons?] (Liera)

[That’s because Yu IlHan has a dragon egg.] (Erta)

[Ah, yeah. You sure did.] (Liera)

Liera decided to stop thinking.

Yu IlHan did hesitate since he wouldn’t be able to acquire a smithing class until he acquired his 4th class if he let it go like this.

However, he also thought that there was a reason the angels emphasized it so much, and ended up choosing it.

At that moment, a different feeling to when he acquired Angel’s Partner spread within himself through the mana. Hotter than anything, but disappearing like an illusion! Like steam!

There were almost no changes to his physical body and it was the same for his magic. It was just that his mind was ruled by the feeling that there was an additional virtual engine that moved his body.

Yu IlHan instinctively realized. That this ‘engine’ he newly acquired, would not be activated properly without a dragon.

[You have become a Dragon Rider. You may now contract a dragon. All abilities increase by 20% against dragonkin.]

[You have acquired the passive skill, Dragon-Man Resonance. All abilities increase by 10% when fighting together with a dragon, for both the rider and the dragon, and increases by an additional 10% when riding the dragon. The resonance amplifies if a lead-category class is also applied to the dragon.]

[You have acquired the active skill, Dragonic Blood. You can enhance your active skills by borrowing power from your partner, and will be able to enhance your skills in a variety of ways according to the traits of your partner, and the skill level. You can also enhance passive skills that has an active ability.]

[There are no dragons which you are in a contract with.]

The angels were right. Under the condition that there was a contract-able dragon, Dragon Rider was a combative subclass!

Yu IlHan sighed in relief thinking that his choice was right.

“Other people would also choose this combative subclass but I was about to become a blacksmith without knowing anything.”

[It’s not that there are no combative subclasses, but you can’t simply assume that anyone can become a Dragon Rider!]

Although they weren’t surprised since it was Yu IlHan they were talking about, naturally, Dragon Rider subclass wasn’t seen very often.

How can an ordinary human, or even other races, be in an equal standing with a dragon that even they have hard time talking to?

Dragon Rider was only acquirable by Yu IlHan only because he had a power that overwhelmed them and was also in a party with them.

Moreover, even if one becomes a Dragon Rider, it was difficult to find a dragon who would obediently become a human’s ride, so there were many who couldn’t use their rare subclass for their entire lives……. No, even those who luckily became a Dragon Rider were also like that.

However, Yu IlHan was currently in possession of a dragon’s egg, and also had the skill, Rule. There would be no other precedent like him.

Just that, he would have to suffer quite a lot until the dragon matured into an adult.

“Then I should hatch the egg first.”

Yu IlHan took out the egg from his inventory. Looking at the egg that was still emitting bright golden light, Eternal Flame rejoiced with bright light.

“You can’t eat this.”

Suddenly, the flame became smaller as if in shock. Yu IlHan spoke to it.

“You really can’t. We’re going to incubate this guy from now on. I’ll add you with supplementary fire so you will control them and awaken this guy, got it?”

He felt as if the Eternal Flame nodded. It probably did. He could only believe so.

Nodding, Yu IlHan took out his spear and called out purple flames and put it on the bottom of the furnace. The Eternal Flame greedily absorbed the purple flames and changed color into a strange one.

“I’m adding Blaze too!”

Of course, the Eternal Flame wouldn’t even know what Blaze is. Yu IlHan took out an intact mana potion he had left even though he used a lot of them in Dareu, and activated Blaze while sucking on it.

At that moment, Eternal Flame made an exaggerated reaction as if it would say [Oooh!? OOOH!] if it was able to speak.

If everything it had eaten until now was normal coffee, this strong aura would be a super concentrated espresso! The golden fire burned violently and emanated its joy in all directions.

[You really did it.] (Erta)

[I don’t get what’s happening but I do get that it’s amazing!] (Liera)

[You should just honestly that you don’t know anything.] (Erta)

Blaze was a monster that ate up mana. Yu IlHan didn’t hesitate and put the egg inside the furnace.

It would be difficult with just purple flames and Blaze, but since the everlasting flame that controlled both of those flames didn’t forget Yu IlHan’s warnings, it gently received the dragon’s egg and transferred the heat required for the egg to hatch.

If dragons were looking at this scene, they might have declared war on Heaven, saying that they needed Eternal Flames to incubate their eggs.

However, was it insufficient with just Blaze? The egg that glowed due to the heat in the furnace seemed to emit light before stealing Yu IlHan’s mana additionally on top of the Blaze that drained his mana. It was a considerable amount as well.

Since this was an important occasion such as the birth of a dragon, it wasn’t so surprising. Yu IlHan just thought that the birth of a dragon was quite an event, and obediently handed over his mana.

Since there was the highest-quality mana potion on his mouth anyway, he wouldn’t collapse from mana overexertion even while Blaze and the egg drained him.

When he emptied about 80% of the mana potion, he finally saw some reaction. The light emitted by the egg seemed to get even brighter before a crack appeared on top of the egg. The angels looking at that scene both said a line each with round eyes.

[Now that I think about it, it’s the first time in my life as an angel that I see a dragon hatching.] (Liera)

[It’s also the first time for me seeing an angel receiving the bles !@#$%#$#!] (Erta)

While Liera prevented Erta from speaking, and punished her, the crack on the egg gradually became bigger. THe moment the crack went from the top to bottom in a zigzag manner, the egg completely cracked apart with a ‘pak’ sound.

“Hiya!”

What came out of the egg with a lively shout was a child looking around 2 years of age. Like a phoenix born from fire, it charged out from the furnace and landed on the ground. That figure, didn’t look like a newborn at all. It was a 10/10 landing.

With white skin, golden eyes, and black hair despite being born moments ago, it was a healthy boy.

His appearance was extraordinary as expected of a dragon, but even though the child was seen for the first time, the facial features looked quite familiar.

“Dad!”

Moreover, this guy even spoke with liveliness as well. Not dragon tongue, not english, but in Korean.

Yu IlHan finally noticed that something was going on.

“……Where did you learn Korean from?”

“From dad……?”

At Yu IlHan’s trembling voice and question, the dragon-child answered himself, although, without confidence. After a while, he seemed to have thought of something as he clapped with hands while speaking.

“If mom lays the egg, dad wakes me up! Mom said that!”

“Hoh……”

“So it’s dad! I learnt from dad!”

That’s quite interesting – thought IlHan and turned his head.

Something flashed by his head at that moment which was the sentence in the letter that read’ ‘If my child can take you on even by a half’.

At that time, he only thought that she meant for him to raise the egg well. However, looking at this child, correction, looking at this child that had clearly received ‘Yu IlHan’s influence’, it didn’t seem that those were her only intentions.

Thinking back, it must have happened the moment Yu IlHan’s mana was supplied to the egg.

In an instant, all the incidents were linked in his head. The questions he had were solved just like that. In the first place, Lecidna had no intentions on concealing it in the first place.

He didn’t even have the energy to get angry, but he couldn’t endure without getting angry.

“Th, this marriage scammer…….!”

It seemed that Lecidna had not been a housewife, but a dragon at a marriageable age looking for a partner.



Chapter 106

[Get that damned dragon bitch over here, right now.] (Liera)

Shouted Liera while raising her spear.

[I’ll enact justice unto that bitch! I! To her!] (Liera)

[Along with the words: ‘it’s very fortunate that you weren’t banished from Heaven’, I have to tell you the unfortunate news that Lecidna has already died.] (Erta)

When Erta, who was just as enraged as Lita, replied powerlessly. Liera ended up lowering her spear.

It was akin to a face of a student that realized that their entrance exam scores could have gotten them into a better college than their school grades by at least two levels.1

This sense of loss, powerlessness and despair!

At that moment, the baby dragon walked with his little steps and grabbed her leg just as her boiling rage was wandering without a direction to go.

Then, with a pure and naïve voice, he spoke what was on his mind.

“Pretty noona!”

He raised his head to look at Liera. He was handsome because he was born as a dragon, but perhaps due to the influence of Yu IlHan’s mana, he even resembled him.

Disregarding others, it was Liera who deeply loved Yu IlHan, so it was a critical hit at that time. Marvelously, Liera’s burning rage and desire for revenge melted down like ice cream under the hot sun.

[It’s not noona.] (Liera)

Liera lowered his head and met his gaze and spoke in a gentle voice.

[Call me mom from now on.] (Liera)

“Huh?”

[Lieraaa!?] (Erta)

[But he’s so cute! On second thought, he only absorbed IlHan’s mana, so I can accept it!] (Liera)

Really, a surprising turn of events. Yu IlHan, who didn’t accept everything that was happening here quite yet, could finally come back to being himself after listening to Liera’s words.

“Yes, of course. He only absorbed my mana.”

Yu IlHan tapped his cheeks and came to himself. The dragon who was watching let go of Liera’s legs and imitated Yu IlHan and tapped his own cheeks.

Was it a child after all? Yu IlHan laughed at that unexpected reaction and waved his hand to call him over. The child, who was at a loss at what to say after hearing what Liera said, ran towards him in joy and stopped in front of him.

“Yes, dad.”

“I’m not your dad.”

“You are my dad!”

Words of conviction without the slightest bit of suspicion.

Yeah, of course. Since it’s true after all. However, it isn’t!

Yu IlHan tried his best to calm himself down and spoke after meeting the child’s gaze.

“Listen to me carefully. I never thought that I will become your father, nor did I have such a resolve. Conclusively, I have no relations with your mother whatsoever. Understand that?”

“Yeah!”

Although it wasn’t something to be said to a newborn, but the child nodded seriously as if he understood everything.

“I only woke you up with flames and mana. Of course, I will raise you because of the promise with Lecidna, but in compensation, I will even use you in battle. I will even subordinate you with the Rule skill. Isn’t it scary? Did you understand that?”

“Yeah!”

The blatant words even made Yu IlHan himself feel guilty, but the child smiled naïvely and nodded again.

Yes, it isn’t so bad to be honest from the get go. – muttered Yu IlHan in his heart and declared as such:

“Well then, so, I cannot be called your dad.”

“You are my dad!”

Yu IlHan tried his best to endure his urge to smack him, while the child spoke.

“Dragons are like that, dad!”

“Like what?”

“Being strong is everything!”

While Yu IlHan sighed while facepalming, the child laughed while doing the same action.

“…….Why are you imitating me?”

“Because dad is strong!”

In other words, he was imitating because he thought he might get stronger if he did. Yu IlHan felt stuffy when he heard the truly child-like but at the same time, dragon-like words.

[Why don’t you acknowledge it, Yu IlHan? To think they breed using the fusion of mana, it truly is dragon-like. As such, that child is indeed your son. However, that’s from a dragon’s perspective. It’s very far from what you’ve learnt and wished for until now: romance, marriage, and childbirth. I’m just saying that you ended up with a child just looking at the last step.] (Erta)

Erta, who said that, continued as if she had prepared all her words.

[As such, you have a child, but it can still be said that you have no wife. You are a born loner and virgin, just with a dragon child!] (Erta)

“That’s the worst!”

[Oh, please. Call it second worst.] (Erta)

However, Yu IlHan couldn’t escape reality anymore. He was caught in a trap the moment he took out the golden egg from Lecidna’s lair.

Lecidna, she was a woman who, from the beginning till the end, caused Yu IlHan several headaches.

[Call me mom. Mo-m.] (Liera)

“But it’s noona……”

[Liera, stop it. It’s embarrassing.] (Erta)

Was Liera also at an age when she wanted to marry and have a child? Yu IlHan, who was at a loss, thought such idiotic things and watched the scene where a dragon and two angels played around before tapping his cheeks again. Even if he got bruises on his cheek, he had to come to himself.

“Yes.”

Then he acknowledged reality.

“You are indeed my son.”

“Yeah, dad!”

Yu IlHan, he had lived for over a thousand years, but according to his register, he was still 20 years old.

He got a dragon son.

“As you wish, I will make you stronger. However, you will suffer a lot so keep that in mind.”

“I’m fine with anything if I can get stronger!”

Rather than a newborn, that line was more fitting for a protagonist in a shounen manga, but Yu IlHan decided to not bother thinking about it.

“I must first name you. Will MyungHan be good?”2

[Don’t EVER name him that!] (Erta)

“Then Mandarin.”3

[That’s not even Korean!] (Erta)

Due to Erta’s desperate opposition, the child’s name, in the end, was decided to be, ‘Mir’, the pure Korean word meaning ‘dragon’.

“Yumir.”

“Yumir! My name!”

[Coincidentally his surname is Yu so his name gives off quite a pressure!] (Erta)

Ymir (Yumir) was the name of the ancestor giant in Norse Mythology. Even though this name was purely coincidental, created from a Korean surname and a Korean word!

“Yumir. Yumir.”

Yumir seemed to be so happy that his dad named him as he hugged Yu IlHan and jumped around.

Then, he suddenly collapsed on the ground and spoke while hugging Yu IlHan.

“Dad, I’m hungry.”

“Yes, of course.”

With a bitter smile, Yu IlHan was about to open his inventory, when he thought of something and grabbed Yumir’s jaw to see inside the mouth to check whether he had teeth. Very sharp and sturdy teeth could be seen.

As expected of a dragon. A born predator.

“Good, let’s eat meat.”

“Yeah!”

He had tons of meat. Moreover, there was also the fire that could control temperature according to his mind, right by his side.

“It’s hot! It’s delicious!”

“Eat a lot, yes.”

When he grilled the meat with some suitable sauce, Yumir ate deliciously as if having waited for it. At that moment.

[You’ve contracted the baby dragon Yumir due to the power of the Dragon Rider. The passive skill was activated. You cannot activate the active skill as your dragon’s power is still too weak.]

Although they had already talked about this, the contract was done the moment the Yumir ate meat. Yu IlHan couldn’t hide his worry for Yumir’s future.

“Hiya!”

In any case, a contract was a contract. Yu IlHan’s and Yumir’ mana seemed to resound out and softly meet each other as if in resonance, before it spun around and became a solid tie between them.

A deeper connection between the two was formed than the ones formed with angels. Since the child was too weak as of yet and wasn’t so reliable, but this connection wasn’t bad at all.

However, that wasn’t the end.

[The skill, Rule, can activate. Proceed?]

Yu IlHan felt a slightly complex emotion, but as they had already spoken about it, he activated the skill without hesitation. The skill, Rule, was much more simple than the contract, and a strange mark was formed on Yumir’s neck before disappearing.

[The dragon, Yumir, has become your subordinate. Yumir’s growth accelerates. You may view Yumir’s status.]

“Dad, what did you do?”

“I put a collar on you.”

“Yeah!”

Yu IlHan tended to be awkward towards Yumir, but whether he knew or didn’t care, or whether he just liked it, Yumir just answered with a smile and munched at the meat while smearing sauce all over his face.

“More.”

“Yeah, yeah, just empty my entire inventory.”

This kid had quite an aura while eating, so Yu IlHan just took out meat in units of 10 kilograms each time.

The Eternal Flame was making Yu IlHan’s life easier by leaning towards the outside of the furnace, and Yumir, who looked at that scene where it seemed like Yu IlHan was wielding fire like his own body, clapped.

“Dad is amazing!”

“Your stomach is more amazing.”

While Yumir was busy eating, Yu IlHan called out Yumir’s status window on his retina and checked.

[Yumir]

[Baby Dragon Lv1]

[Title – The one baptized by the flame of eternity(130% increase in fire attribute resistance, absorb a portion of fire attribute attacks), Birth of Chaos(70% increase in all status ailment resistance)]

[Strength – 48 Agility – 32 Health – 29 Magic – 64]

[Active skills – Concealment Lv 1, Middle tier wind magic Lv 1, Superhuman strength Lv 1]

[Passive skills – Mana rule Lv 1, Dragonblood regeneration Lv 1, Physical combat mastery Lv 1, Language Lv 1, Resting Lv 1, Critical Hit Lv 1, Extreme poison resistance Lv 1, Higher curse resistance Lv 1]

“Wao.”

Now that was talent. – or so the status window said to him. How could he possess so many useful things from birth!

[Yu IlHan, you also had concealment when you were born, no?] (Erta)

“Shaddap.”

Yes. The world was unfair. There was no reply even if one complained to heaven, so one could only do his best to live with all one had.

And, this kid who was eating meat in units of kilograms, had a super accelerated start line. Not only did he have several skills that Yu IlHan had never heard of, there were some higher ranked skills as well.

Moreover, those frightening titles! Lecidna’s words were correct. The fire that influenced his birth had a lot of effect in his power.

Just as he decided on the direction he should raise him in.

“*Burp*.”

Was he finally full? The child made a small burp and collapsed before sleeping on the spot. Feeling that a calm night had arrived after a storm Yu IlHan felt his energy draining.

“I’m really tired.”

[Ahh, so cute. How can he be so cute?] (Liera)

Liera, who still hadn’t given up on becoming the child’s stepmother, used magic to lightly wash the sleeping Yumir and embraced him. Then, she looked at Yu IlHan and spoke.

[We should buy him some clothes.]

“We should do that when we go outside. That’s good, we have to buy clothes for the elves too……”

Yu IlHan’s heart pounded momentarily while looking at Yumir in Liera’s embrace, but he didn’t understand why it was so until the very end, and vaguely said.

However, while he was looking inside the inventory to shake that feeling away, he found something he had forgotten about until now.

“Ah, the bucket.”

What Yu IlHan took out was the huge bucket that would take up more than half of the workshop. The bucket that turned dragon’s blood into a high-end alcohol called Breath.

He finally found it after he had dealt with the elven empire and the other matters.

[What’s that bucket? The magic I feel from it is not normal?] (Liera)

“I’m also curious. So it goes like this. At first I……”

However, the moment he touched the bucket, the bucket’s information was renewed and appeared on his retina.

[Dragon’s breath-imbued Giant Bucket]

[As a result of resonance of almost one thousand hearts of dragons along with the special materials the bucket was made from, the bucket evolved into a similar artifact of the magic organs of dragons.

All things that enter this bucket will be reborn as a result of strong injection and circulation of mana.]

“……”

Thunder roared in Yu ILHan’s mind.

[IlHan?] (Liera)

[Yu IlHan?] (Erta)

The angels, who found his reaction strange, strange checked the information on the bucket and likewise, became speechless.

[So dragon’s hearts can become like this when they’re gathered up…… I didn’t know since I never did gather them……] (Liera)

[I didn’t have the chance to gather them at all……] (Erta)

It was an extremely difficult thing to give create an artifact with a method other than metalworking. Strictly speaking, even Erta, who contributed to the creation of this artifact had never experienced such things before.

However, what could he do with this artifact? Although the description was grand, but it was in fact very difficult to find an actual use.

There was definitely something, but even the two higher existences couldn’t come up with an answer. All they could think of was to get some hot water into it and have a relaxing dip. There would be no better treasure than this for those who learned the way of mana, especially those who trained in magic.

However, Yu IlHan did. He already knew the answer!

Yu IlHan took out a 100L plastic bag containing dragon’s blood from his inventory and ripped it apart on top of the bucket. The blood inside poured into the bucket.

[Kyak, What are you doing!?] (Liera)

[Oh, through that, we can make an alcoholic drink called Breath. It’s the creation of both Yu IlHan and me……] (Erta)

“No.”

Yu IlHan denied her. Was he denied the shared work? Erta’s eyes filled with disappointment but that was her misunderstanding.

That was because, the next moment, Yu IlHan took out dragon meat he was storing and threw them inside the bucket where dragon’s blood was splashing around!

[Huh?] (Liera)

[……What are….] (Erta)

To the angels who were watching the scene with dumbfounded expressions, Yu IlHan shouted with pride like the moment he successfully hunted the sperm whale in the stormy seas before.

“This isn’t something liike Breath. This…… This is a treasure that will broaden the horizons of monster meat cooking!”

The thunder that roared in Yu IlHan’s mind, was none other than the enlightenment of a new recipe due to his cooking skill!



Chapter 107

Yu IlHan confirmed the amount of dragon meat inside the dragon blood and nodded his head. It looked as if the dragon meat that couldn’t be eaten raw, was being assimilated into the mana circulation system through the medium of blood.

“Even the inedible monster meat might become edible if I do this.”

[Are you trying to open a restaurant or something?] (Erta)

“Wouldn’t mother like it if I open one after I chase one of the shops out? I can supply all the materials. Oh, the place of origin is quite a big problem.”

It will be over the moment he wrote ‘Dareu’.

[You can’t do that!] (Erta)

“It’s a joke, don’t get so angry. But it won’t be so bad eating dragon meat.”

[It’s full of mana too. It might even replace potions……] (Erta)

Cooking skill was an area that Yu IlHan did not improve on during the frozen millennium.

Although it did grow rapidly due to Yu IlHan becoming able to consume monster meat and blood after acquiring extreme poison resistance, and the fact that monster cooking gave a lot of proficiency experience, he thought that he would never be able to master the cooking skill.

However, it didn’t seem like that now. If he started cooking and eating dragon meat and blood, his cooking skill may increase to new heights. It was funny, but it was very possible that Yu IlHan would become a master of cooking through cooking unconventional monsters.

[That sounds horrible.] (Erta)

[Good cooks are always good. That dragon meat looks nice.] (Liera)

Liera was drooling about dragon meat even though Yumir was in her arms. What an irony! Erta resolved that she would never show dragon meat to Yumir.

While she was secretly resolving to herself, Yu IlHan left the maturing dragon meat and started another task with an air of liveliness. Which was, of course, dismantling.

Now, he was very used to dragon dismantling, as he completely and perfectly separated an entire dragon corpse within just 2 minutes, and even stored the blood.

Liera clapped while watching since it was as if he was using clone techniques, but Erta, who escaped her pondering asked Yu IlHan with a tone lined in fear.

[Yu IlHan, Lecidna’s body is among them right?]

“Yes, it is. She was a golden bird when she died, but she turned back into a dragon when I checked.”

That was the same with Karrows, who assumed elven form, and the immature dragons that still hadn’t assumed their dragon forms yet. Whether newborn or adult, they returned to their original forms after they died.

[I’ll say this just in case, but.] (Erta)

“I’ll cremate her. When Mir grows up.”

Said Yu IlHan firmly.

“What do you take me to be? I just declared that I will acknowledge Mir as my son.”

Erta finally realized. Yu IlHan’s declaration wasn’t just at a level where he just accepted the phenomenon, but that he would really accept Yumir as his real family.

These two may sound the same, but in Yu IlHan’s mind, they would be very different.

[Since you sometimes do abnormal things like nothing……] (Erta)

Erta vaguely ended her line. She tried to understand Yu IlHan’s unpredictable action a little more, but she realized that she was still far away from it, and felt tragic. She felt even more tragic seeing Liera laughing on her side.

[You knew that already, didn’t you!] (Erta)

Complained Erta through the angel’s ring in order to not let Yu IlHan hear it. Then, Liera answered in a whisper with a flawless mile.

[That’s why I said I’ll become the stepmother.] (Liera)

Surströmming was still surströmming even after rotting, and it seemed that Liera didn’t spend a millennium with him for nothing after all. Yes, she was indeed suitable to be blessed by the god of love. Or so Erta acknowledged.

Yu IlHan didn’t even know what was happening between the angels and continued dismantling. Since he had a little less than 300 dragon corpses, he would finish them by today, but the problem was the 3rd class dragonkin.

Even though he had dismantled and used a considerable number of dragonkin corpses in order to arm the elves of the fallen elven empire, he still had 30 thousand left! 30K!

“If I dismantle one every 20 seconds, that’s 3 every minute.”

[I think it looks plenty impossible with just that.] (Erta)

“That makes 180 per hour, 4,320 per day. Which makes 43,200 in ten days. In other words, 12 days if I take my time……”

[So you aren’t planning to sleep for even one second, are you?] (Liera)

Even while dismantling the dragons without rest, Yu IlHan was conflicted. Honestly, he was surprised at the fact that nothing much had happened on Earth, but would it be so in the future as well?

Well, of course, if it was, then Yu IlHan could also focus on what he wants. However, wasn’t he too lucky to acquire so many dragon corpses, and even survive after meeting a higher existence? Wasn’t it time for something very annoying and tiring to happen?

[This guy has such a hard life.] (Liera)

“Shaddap.”

Yu IlHan finished conflicting. Then he first finished dismantling the dragon he was doing now. The angels would watch the dragon dismantling show that was presented to them along with the beautiful sword dance any time.

It was 11 am Korean time when Yu IlHan arrived at his apartment in Gangnam with the elves. When he finished dismantling and classifying the parts of all 4th class dragons, it became 6 in the evening.

“Is Mir still sleeping?”

[Yup, he’s sleeping well.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan, who had considered the nagging and crying of children along with changing diapers the moment he was ‘given’ the dragon egg, renewed his opinion for the better at Yumir who only had the good points of children.

“Then.”

Yu IlHan packed away the dismantling tools and took out a small amount of dragon bones and skin. The sturdy and sharp ribs and skull of Karrows that protected its vital parts, and the most sturdy parts of the skin.

[Are you going to make new equipment?] (Erta)

“For the elves. I can’t arm all 1,527 of them with dragon gear so I made do with dragonkin then, but I can’t do that with the ones I brought here.”

He would feel really bad if they died because he gave them inferior gear after they followed him all the way here. Yu IlHan convinced himself like that, but Erta didn’t seem to accept that.

[They are still in their level 80s!] (Erta)

“I also used Orochi gear in my level 80s.”

[You are different!] (Erta)

He knew very well that Erta was worried. If one used too good gear compared to one’s ability, then that person would rely on the power of the gear and it would become difficult for that person to raise his/her own capability.

Well, of course, since Yu IlHan had max level of most things technically so she wouldn’t be so worried, but the highest level of martial arts that the elves had was 72. This was also a miracle that happened to a long-living elf, but in Erta’s eyes, it would be insufficient.

“I can raise their lacking abilities.”

As Yu IlHan was proficient with all weapons, he could declare so, and Erta could only grumble to herself.

Liera was in watching mode from the beginning without the slightest intention of interfering. For some reason, Erta was losing to her today all the time. Erta quenced her burning passion for a comeback and decided to silently watch Yu IlHan.

Yu IlHan first made sturdy armor for the greatsword warrior Mirey and the shield warrior Jirl.

He first made a simple leather armor to be worn on the inside, before making a fullplate armor with dragon bones and processed with dragon scales on top of that. All of that turned out to be a strong armor that would test the endurance of the one that’s trying to pierce the armor instead.

After that, he invested a few 3rd class magic stones to mana craft, and they both became legend ranked.

[……] (Erta)

[Isn’t it about time for an epic-rank to pop out?] (Liera)

[Even legend rank is welcomed by the angels in front lines……!] (Erta)

Of course, even within the same legend rank, there would be very big differences according to the level of the materials and the results of the mana crafting, but at the very least, the legend ranked armor that Yu IlHan created would definitely be ranked amongst the top.

“Good, let’s finish it like this.”

Like that, he finished making leather clothing for the archer Paté, and the thief Phiria. He designed the joints for agile and delicate movements, and made it to stick close to the skin, but he also made it so that the vital body parts are protected well by investing dragon scales.

As their ranks ended in unique since there was not much stitching done to it, but that was Yu IlHan’s best so he couldn’t help it.

“Following that, a greatsword, two daggers, a shield and…..”

A bow. He was confident in that one. Since he got more proficient while making ballistas, and because the Giant’s Rubber Band that was created from Karrows’ tendons turned out to be even better than the ones made from Orochi’s tendons.

Yu IlHan also wondered why that was the case, and he realized that it was because the Eternal Flame had evolved once again after eating the dragon egg shells that Yumir was born from. Perhaps due to that, all products made from dragon parts became better.

“This guy in secret……”

However, the Eternal Flame only licked its lips in naïvety as if asking what it had done wrong. He would only get himself tired even if he got angry at an item that couldn’t talk, so Yu IlHan could only continue working and think that it was a good thing.

Perhaps it was worth it for the Eternal Flame to eat the egg shells, as for the greatsword, the daggers, and even the shield turned out to be legend ranked.

Yu IlHan, who organized those items, which made him feel happy just by looking at it, Yu IlHan began crafting the bow from the lightweight and elastic black scales and the Giant’s Rubber band from Karrows.

[Wow, such a beautiful bow.] (Liera)

[Yu IlHan. You aren’t doing your best because Paté said he liked you, right?] (Erta)

“I’m straight.”

But what could he do? They were his subordinates that followed him all the way here. Yu IlHan focused his all while creating the bow for Paté. He would be too embarrassed to give him a unique ranked bow when the armor was already a unique ranked one.

Just using the scales of the Cursed Dragon, and its tendons, the bow was completed within two hours. The bow and bowstring that gave off a feeling like they would disappear when thrown into the darkness, was astoundingly beautiful, to the point that even Yu IlHan, the creator himself, exclaimed in awe when seeing it.

“Did I do too well? It’s a legend rank even though I didn’t mana craft it yet.”

[Then just give it to him like this.] (Erta)

“……No.”

That was the moment when his desire as a crafter burned up. The desire that he maybe able to create an artifact at the epic stage with Yu IlHan’s power alone.

[Yu IlHan?] (Erta)

“Good.”

It was best to proceed when hesitating. Yu IlHan took out the 4th class magic stone that Karrows had left behind.

Befitting of a magic stone belonging to a Cursed Dragon, the magic stone emitted an aura of vicious curse, which would have made it impossible for Yu IlHan to grab it if he didn’t have the Higher curse resistance skill.

“I gave out a legend rank weapon for a sum of money. If I can’t invest this much for my subordinates, that won’t do.”

Yu IlHan grabbed on the magic stone. On his other hand, he grabbed the bow and closed his eyes. Then he thought.

What was important for a bow?

The elasticity of the bowstring and the flexibility of the shaft? If it became any stiffer, Yu IlHan might be able to pull it, but Paté wouldn’t even be able to pull it properly with both arms.

Then sturdiness? It would take a dragon one hour to break this thing. The function as a weapon was already perfect. Then what? What more would make it perfect?

No. Not that. All of them were wrong!

“So that’s it.”

The enlightenment came from a completely unexpected point.

Yu IlHan’s thinking until now was wrong. Mana crafting must not be a process of fulfilling a lacking part of an item! How could he think that as a crafter?

Blacksmithing and mana crafting was the same, but at the same time, different. He had to focus on making an unprecedented item through the fusion of two already perfect processes.

The bow was already perfect. He created this item using the best materials he had as a blacksmith.

Now, he just had to make a perfect artifact using the power of the magic stone to the extreme, not as a blacksmith, but a mana crafter!

As such.

Run wild like you want.

Light appeared. A ‘black light’ that appeared out of unknown origin enveloped the bow, the magic stone, Yu IlHan and the entire workshop. The light was overwhelming to the point that it may have covered the entire world momentarily.

[Deathgod’s Trajectory, was completed.]

[The skill, Mana crafting, has become level 50. You can bring out the abilities of the material used in mana crafting more easily.]

Done – muttered Yu IlHan thoughtlessly. Opening his eyes, he could see that the black bow had left his embrace and was floating in the air. The magic power dwelling within it formed a perfect balance and surpassed matter by half just by existing.

“That’s a pity.”

Yu IlHan made a bitter smile with that masterpiece for generations to come, in front of him. While looking back to the equipments he had made until now, and especially while he thought of the most recent artifact he had made.

“Aegis may have become like this if it took one step more, but I couldn’t find the right feeling then.”

[However, it still has room for development. Aegis will become like that soon.] (Erta)

[Truly beautiful. It’s excruciating that this will be given to a mere elf…….!]

Both human and angels would be certain without even the need to check the details on this item. This artifact was the best among the ones that Yu IlHan had created until now, and is likely to remain as such for the foreseeable future.

That was because they knew very well that it wasn’t something that could be made every day just with the materials, the magic stone and the ability of the smith. All other conditions including inspiration and the condition of the body had to be perfect for there to be a possibility of such a thing.

“Karrows’ thoughts on top of that would be truly perfect.”

[That’s impossible. You’ve just learnt Soul enchant, and above all, that elf won’t be able to endure the dragon’s thought.] (Erta)

“No, the problem isn’t that. It’s that Orochi ate up Karrows’ thoughts.”

[…..]

Thinking back, he hadn’t moved Orochi’s thought on to the Black bone giant spear yet. Yu IlHan added another schedule in his heart and lightly grabbed his masterpiece.

[Deathgod’s Trajectory]

[Rank – Epic]

[Attack Power – 7,400]

[Durabilit – 12,500/12,500]

[User restrictions – 3rd class with archer-class main class. Strength and agility above 250]

[Options –

1. All arrows are imbued with strong power of a curse.

2. Absolute accuracy.

3. A critical strike occurs with 100% chance when attacking the same opponent for the 3rd time.

4. Rules the deceased by making them into undead. Will disappear after all the magic left in the corpse dissipates.]

[A smith with the ability that would twist and collapse all records through his mere existence made this masterpiece. A perfect artifact fitting to accompany a legendary hero, and will be recorded in the history of all worlds.]

Really, a pie in the sky, was born



Chapter 108

Realizing that he had to put the bow away after putting so much effort into it since Paté wasn’t 3rd class yet, Yu IlHan was momentarily put at a loss, but he came to himself.

“Yes. It’s just that good of a weapon.”

[I really like your positive attitude.] (Liera)

“I also like myself like this.”

[Wipe your tears before you say that.] (Erta)

His energy drained, Yu IlHan made another bow. Fortunately, no useless user restrictions were attached this time, and it ended at legend rank. Of course, its general power didn’t even come close to half of Deathgod’s Trajectory, but for Paté it would still be very good.

“So since it’s late, let’s stop here.”

He checked the state of the meat and blood in the bucket and poured some more blood before cleaning away the remaining tools.

However, he realized something just as he pushed the bucket onto one side of the workshop; that his strength was too high.

“Huh? I didn’t even activate Superhuman Strength though.”

[It’s because you’ve acquired your 3rd class. Moreover, you didn’t forget that you have a completely different number of stats compared to other humans because of your thousand years of training, right? Oh, there’s also the status increase reward from Heaven’s Quest.] (Erta)

That was true. As he always fought against stronger beings than himself and higher levelled beings than himself, he had forgotten that he was way above average.

[And here, I thought that you’d use up all dragon corpses here.] (Erta)

“Investigating the situation, and contacting the Lightning God Clan comes first. I should decide how many and what kind of equipment I need to make after that. I’ll also decide on the date of selling the higher equipments at the same time.”

Although everything was smooth on the outside, he wouldn’t know the truth unless he investigated properly. If it was Lightning God who always acted on the front lines against the monsters, then they would be able to give him the necessary information.

[I think you’re overthinking it.] (Liera)

[We’ll see about that.] (Erta)

Even when Yu IlHan returned to the apartment with the two angels and the still sleeping Yumir, the elves were still sleeping. However, when he started making some ramen with a lot of meat, they woke up immediately and shot out from their rooms.

“Th, this smell is!?”

“To think there is a smell that provokes the desire to eat so much… This world really is…… Whoa, Your Majesty!”

To the elves who just started eating meat after eating vegetables for their entire lives, the smell of ramen, the alpha and omega of instant foods, would be fatal.

Moreover, since he had not pulled back on the meat, this ramen had enough power comparable to the bonus dungeon’s boss that appeared after the last boss in an RPG.

“Your Majesty?”

“I, I’m very sorry! We’ve slept without a care in the world! We should’ve protected you!”

Since they were just woken up, their faces should have been horrible, but these guys… were camera-worthy despite just waking up. If Yu IlHan wasn’t ‘trained’ by Liera’s appearance, his heart would’ve pounded like mad!

“Who’s protecting who? Just sit down and eat.”

[I didn’t want to see an elf eating ramen……] (Liera)

[You will see even cooler things in the future so look forward to it, Liera. You’d be so surprised.] (Erta)

As they hadn’t eaten anything for the entire day, they deliciously ate the ramen Yu IlHan gave them with a fork. Of course, it wasn’t that Yu IlHan was just watching, but he activated the Rule skill and subordinated them and even confirmed their stats.

“Huh, they’re quite good.”

As expected of the best elves among the survivors, their status points were unbelievably higher than normal. Was it like this since he picked out the geniuses from an entire race of elves?

It wasn’t only that. Not only did they have a considerable number of skills, their proficiency and mastery were also very high perhaps due to their long lifespans. They were much higher than what Yu IlHan had expected.

There was something else that he was surprised with.

“Good, your dismantling skills are all considerable.”

“*Cough*. Yes.”

Perhaps because he replied while eating, Jril spoke after coughing. To them whose survival was a battle, gathering and dismantling skills were a must!

The angels finally noticed his intentions.

[You’re going to let these guys do the dismantling!?] (Liera)

[Dismantling 3rd class dragonkin isn’t possible by just anyone!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan ignored them.

“There’s something you need to do after you eat. Of course, I’ll do some strict teaching so please be prepared for that.”

“We’re prepared for anything!”

Replied Paté in a confident voice, but would they be as confident after hearing what they needed to do? Oh, if he gave them the rewards he had already prepared after they finished their job, then they’ll cry tears of joy.

“And Liera, hand Mir to me.”

[Here.] (Liera)

Liera handed Yumir in her arms to Yu IlHan. The elves who were engrossed in ramen finally noticed him after he was in Yu IlHan’s embrace.

“Who is that child? He looks handsome.”

“He also resembles His Majesty. Is it his little brother?”

“He’s my son. Oh, and he’s a dragon as well.”

The elves became speechless at Yu IlHan’s reply.

However, it was also tiring for Yu IlHan to explain everything to them. He just said this.

“He has the blood of a dragon who saved you and hid you so don’t hate him.”

“O, of course. Even if it isn’t, he’s the son of Your Majesty, how can we……”

The female thief, Phiria, replied absent-mindedly. At that moment Yumir woke up from sleep due to the noise.

“You woke up?”

“Yeah, oh it’s dad! And the pretty noonas too and……?”

Yumir checked Yu IlHan, Liera and Erta with a smile, but screamed the moment he confirmed the gazes of the four elves and shot up to his feet before going around to Yu IlHan’s back and sticking on his back. Yu IlHan’s back was warm.

“Dad, who are those people?”

“They are my subordinates. They’re gentle so you don’t need to be scared of them. They won’t bite.”

[Don’t explain like elves are some herbivore animals!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan felt while replying. Yes. This child was born just today! There was no way a 6 hour-old child would kindly greet and ask for a name to anyone just because that person was is with his father.

However, Yumir’s reaction was outside of Yu IlHan’s imagination.

“The way they’re looking at me is scary. I’m still weak!”

“……”

“I’m embarrassed. I’m hiding.”

Then, he desperately activated the concealment skill with all his magic.

What was amazing was that he actually succeeded disappearing from the elves’ view even with a level 1 concealment!

“Wh, where did His Highness go?”

“How can this be? He was just here until now!”

“……”

[Yumir’s Concealment skill grows rapidly.]

[Yumir’s Concealment skill has become level 10. Due to the resonance between the rider, he can borrow a little of the rider’s concealment ability when close to the rider.]

Yu IlHan’s mouth gaped. The angels were the same.

Yumir was still rubbing his face on Yu IlHan’s back in embarrassment.

[IlHan……] (Liera)

“Don’t say anything.”

Liera was about to say something, but Yu IlHan stopped her. This was because he knew better than anyone else.

Yumir, this guy, really, resembled Yu IlHan in every way. Not only his ability, but his personality, and even the talent to become a pancosmic loner!

[That’s a good thing. Even so, there’s no passive concealment, no?] (Liera)

“*Groan*.”

Looking at Yumir who was activating concealment while burying his face on his back, Yu IlHan felt an indescribable feeling, but he sighed before taking him off and hugging him.

His concealment forcefully wore off, and the elves could finally see Yumir again. Yumir realized that and caused a mess while trying to escape Yu IlHan’s embrace.

“I want to hide again!”

“You are hiding because you’re embarrassed that you’re weak. Aren’t you?”

“Y, yeah…….”

If there was something decisively different about them, it was this.

If Yu IlHan rejected everyone else in the world in order to stand up alone, then Yumir wanted to hide because he was embarrassed at his weak self. A dragon’s pride was expressed in a strange way after meeting Yu IlHan’s ability!

However, in Yu IlHan’s thoughts, it wasn’t such a bad thing.

“Then you just have to become strong.”

“But I’m still weak so I want to hide.”

“Okay. But even so, these guys are my subordinates so it’s alright. They won’t laugh at you or anything.”

With those words, Yu IlHan glanced at the elves, and the elves who read the situation immediately agreed and bowed towards Yumir. Yumir still wanted to hide as if he was not calm yet, but as he couldn’t hide from the concealment master, he decided to listen to Yu IlHan.

“Then I’ll endure.”

“Yes. Not hiding when you want to is also training.”

“Yeah.”

Yumir nodded. Yu IlHan’s child education stepped off successfully.

Yu IlHan confirmed with the elves who were dumbfoundedly looking at the situation.

“You done eating?”

“Not yet!”

The elves cleanly ate the ramen without leaving a single drop. Yu IlHan’s evaluations on the elves increased.

After washing the dishes, Yu IlHan lead them and went to the workshop again. However, he let Liera take care of Yumir and made them look after the house. After all, he couldn’t let him see the dismantling of his own kin.

“Whoa, what is that flame in the furnace?”

“Quite a marvelous place, to be protected by angel’s magic……”

“Attention.”

Yu IlHan took out a few dragonkin corpses.

“From now, you will dismantle this guy with me.”

“Dragonkin? We will do your best!”

When Phiria replied with conviction, Yu IlHan added with a smile.

“30 thousand of them.”

“……”

“……”

“……”

“We’ll do our best!”

Only Phiria answered. Well, it was natural, since her dismantling skill level was higher than the rest perhaps due to her job as a thief who used daggers.

“The next 3 hours is training. After that, you have to dismantle using your own power. No training or hunting until you finish.”

“How can that be!”

“However, if you finish I’ll give the equipment I made to you guys. They’re really good.”

The moment Yu IlHan said that, the elves’ eyes changed. They also knew that the equipment he supplied to the elves were not his best.

However, they would get better weapons just by doing simple labor? Their already maxed loyalty maxed even more.

“We’ll definitely do them all!”

“Good, that’s the spirit.”

Yu IlHan’s dismantling education was strict. However, in front of the burning passion of the elves, their dismantling skill level grew rapidly, and when they wasted about one thousand dragonkin as practice, they were at a level where they could dismantle 3rd class dragonkin.

“Good, you just need to do it that way.”

“Yes, sir!”

After taking out a few dragonkin for them to dismantle in the workshop, Yu IlHan started his own work. That was the soul enchant he had delayed until now.

[Kroaaar!]

“Yeah, yeah. I’m doing it now.”

Yu IlHan took out the Black bone giant spear. The spear was beautiful after it was finished polishing. He was sure that there would be no spear stronger than this, at least against dragonkin.

“Soul enchant.”

The deathgod-class skill that Reta had. This was the moment when the skill that may disrupt the balance of matter if used properly, was activated on Earth.

[Krararararararar!]

Orochi realized that Yu IlHan was trying to take his thought outside and roared in delight.

If he was just taken out, then it would shatter into smithereens in an instant, but Yu IlHan was already holding onto the new body for it, the Black bone giant spear. Which was once a part of its own body, but was now better!

Soul enchant. Fortunately, it had similarities to mana crafting which he had insights on just now.

Making an already perfect weapon advance to a new realm by adding a soul fragment that was in perfect harmony with it; freeing that thought within the weapon in order to extract the potential of the weapon to its very limits.

The harmony of the Black bone giant spear and the Orochi was of course, the best. Orochi’s thought settled on the spear without any hesitation, and at that moment, the Black bone giant spear twisted as if alive and changed form.

The spear body became longer, and the spearhead colored in purple and turned even sharper. Above all, it gave out an overwhelming aura.

[Eight-tailed dragon spear was completed.]

[The skill, soul enchant, has become level 13. You can now bring out the power of a soul more easily.]

“Pfft.”

[Kroaaar!]

When Yu IlHan burst out laughing, the Orochi, which now became a part of the Eight-tailed dragon spear, roared as if to warn him not to laugh.

As expected, he could now understand a little of how equipments are named.

Although it looked like the options disappeared while the name was compressed into a simpler name, the reality wasn’t like that. Instead, in the process of the alpha, beta and gamma options merging into one, it would make a unique name for that artifact.

If Yu IlHan wanted, he would be able to revert their names back to the really long names, but he didn’t want to. He respected Orochi’s will to leave behind its name, and could also see the options contained in that name.

[Eight-tailed dragon spear]

[Rank – Epic]

[Attack Power – 7,000]

[Durability – 15,000/15,000]

[User restrictions – A deathgod with the power to wield souls.]

[Options –

1. Purple flames can be activated.

2. Can attack after splitting the spearhead into eight.

3. Sprays poison upon critical hits.

4. All abilities increase by 120% against dragonkin.]

[An existence of literature was recreated by a crafter that wields the power of souls. As the crafter’s power to wield souls increases, and as the records pile up, the weapon will evolve.]

“Good, the second epic.”

Although he didn’t make this purely with blacksmithing and mana crafting, this was meaningful in the sense that he gave rise to a 2nd epic with his own hands. Moreover, the evolvable point made Yu IlHan happy.

Although the ability to amplify deathgod-class powers were gone, this could be said to be enhanced in the fundamental way of the weapon. He felt good since it felt like he had found the correct path.

“Then should I message them around this time? They should be sleeping around now if nothing’s happening, right?”

[You’re planning to make weapons after you send them a message, aren’t you?] (Erta)

“Again, don’t read my mind.”

The time was already nearing 1 a.m. If she was sleeping, it would be bad to wake her up. Yu IlHan turned on the messenger and sent Kang MiRae, the clan master of the Lightning God Clan, that he returned to Earth.

However, the message was read instantly and he got a phone call. As soon as Yu IlHan received the call with round eyes, a screaming woman’s voice could be heard. It was Kang MiRae’s.

[Mr. Yu IlHan!]

Yu IlHan realized that something had happened.

“Sorry for not receiving your call for the past few months. You should know from Mr. Kang HaJin, but I went to an Abandoned Wo……”

[That’s it! Abandoned World!]

Kang MiRae rarely shouted. Yu IlHan only blinked his eyes in surprise.

Just as he was about to ask back because he didn’t know why she was so flustered.

[Today! Just a while ago, it was found that a dungeon in Korea was connected to an Abandoned World. It’s already at the point where it can no longer be sealed, and it merged with Earth and it’s all chaotic! Mr. Yu IlHan. It’s really fortunate that you didn’t come back too late…..!]

Yu IlHan momentarily couldn’t answer and pondered seriously on the spot. He could only think this.

Hey, is my existence on Earth the problem?



Chapter 109

“Calm down first.”

Yu IlHan wanted to calm down himself first, but said that anyway.

[Oh, sorry for raising my voice.]

Kang MiRae also became calm after realizing that she was shouting. Yu IlHan confirmed again.

“So the connection was there before, right?”

[That dungeon was once cleaned by an alliance of four clans including us Lightning God. And that was 6 weeks ago.]

“And?”

[However, when we entered today to clean it again, it was irreversibly worsened. Feyta, the guardian angel of Na YuNa judged that at least 5 weeks had passed after the connections.]

If the connection happened just after they cleaned it, then the Lightning God clan would of course be annoyed and feel a sense of loss.

However, Yu IlHan himself was relieved after hearing that, since at least, this didn’t mean that it wasn’t due to Yu IlHan coming back to Earth.

Objectively thinking about it, even though there were no relationship at all between the two events, he was about to get into a serious depression because of it. Yu IlHan was no god that carried disasters, and it would be nonsensical for the Earth to become noisy just because of his return.

Since his delusions were over, it was now time for countermeasures. Yu IlHan glanced at the elves that were dismantling dragonkin before asking Kang MiRae.

“Are you at the scene?”

[We are. With the Front Line Alliance as the start, we contacted the Korean government, the media, and all government personnel we have connections with in foreign countries, but we don’t know when they will arrive……]

“Front Line Alliance?”

Kang MiRae’s monstrous connections were nothing new, but he did mind about a new word that was mixed in her words. Kang MiRae lowered her voiced and explained.

[You can think of it as a connection between the 26 clans that traded higher standard weapons with you. Since the growth of these clans can only be faster than the others…]

“It’s good that they’re helping. If you tell me the location, I’ll go there right away.”

[…….We’ll wait for you.]

He finished his call and lifted his head. The elves, who just finished dismantling a dragonkin and was classifying them into parts, looked at him to ask what was going on.

“The situation has changed.”

Said Yu IlHan to the elves.

“I’ll give you your equipments first. And I’m sorry since you just started, but I think you will have to go into battle first.”

“We waited for those words!”

The shield warrior Jirl, rejoiced while putting away the dismantling knife. Seeing that the others have similar expressions, Yu IlHan laughed and confirmed with Erta who was making a strange expression on top of his head.

“Any info from Heaven?”

[None. By now, Feyta, who’s with Na YuNa, should’ve reported to the higher-ups. Although, there’s nothing they can do even if they know! That’s right. All we can do is to watch you suffer while eating popcorn!] (Erta)

“Calm down. You can give us quests and rewards.”

Erta was worried that Yu IlHan alone may as well rob the entire storage of Heaven, but it wasn’t that she could stop what was happening now even if she did worry.

While she was sighing, YU IlHan continued.

“I think I should tell Liera to look after the house and Mir. I can’t bring a level 1 kid to a place where who-knows-what can come out.”

[I thought you might drop him on the scene saying life is all about practice.] (Erta)

“Am I some kind of lion?”

Soon, he was informed of the exact location through the messenger. Along with that, he looked at the photo of the scene, and there was a dungeon gate that looked like it would explode at any moment. However what was more overwhelming was the Lightning God Clan that deployed their forces after having cleaned out everything around the gate.

“Human activity can be amazing.”

[Yes, it is amazing.] (Erta)

“If it’s here, what’s the prices of those buildings? And there are, let’s see, one, two, three……”

[I think it’s about time that you stop thinking like a peasant!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan confirmed the place and distributed the equipment for the elves to equip, and gave an extra mask to Paté and Phiria as they did not wear helmets.

“Don’t take it off. You will cause a mess.”

“Yes, sir!”

Two elves who obediently wore their masks without asking why, and another two elves whose faces couldn’t be seen due to their helmets. Good, perfect.

“If we arrive at the scene, first wait quietly and you just have to do what I do. If I fight, you fight, and if I move, you follow me. No problems here, right?”

“Yes, sir!”

One human, an angel on his helmet and the four elves immediately left the workshop and started moving.

The night of the city was very noisy, and that was very ironic. Currently, there was a potential disaster in Korea, and in fact, not far from this place, but these people were laughing and chatting without a care in the world.

“Oh my god. We’re wearing such a sturdy and heavy armor, but our speed increased instead of decreasing!”

“Jirl, shut up.”

The elves were delighted at the performance of the equipments Yu IlHan gave them, but in fact, there were slight differences.

This was simple, as because their weapons were all legend ranked, but their armor were split into unique and legend ranks. They were amazing as expected of Yu IlHan’s creation, but they couldn’t help but feel unsettled slightly. However, since Jirl boasted about his armor so blatantly, no wonder did it feel so bad.

At that moment.

“Uh? Your Majesty!”

Yu IlHan, who was listening to the conversation between his subordinates, thought that he should develop more skills in processing leather and cloth and made a bitter smile, when a flash appeared in a direction they were going.

“Kyak!”

“Did you see that? Is something happening again? Is it the news?”

The people who were walking on the night roads also whispered to each other after looking at the pillar of light. Some of them looked like their drunkenness disappeared as they urgently called somewhere.

The pillar of light only appeared for a moment, but Yu IlHan was sure. That, was the lightning that only Kang MiRae could make on Earth.

The pillar of light that purposely lowered destructive power and increased the luminescence, a signal saying ‘It’s here!’. Her magic control skills were really no joking matter.

Although not at the level of Yu IlHan who massacred all dragonkin in Dareu, it seemed that she grew in her own way during these three months. Of course, it was probably also due to the legend ranked staff he gave her.

“Amazing ability there. Your Majesty, are there many people at that level on Earth?”

“It’s a problem because there aren’t. Let’s hurry.”

They exited the city and rushed straight to where the pillar of light was emitted from. Soon, Yu IlHan could feel several presences of people. Kang MiRae did say she called a lot of people, but it seemed her influence was not something to scoff at.

“Hm.”

The elves were proficient in gathering information through their sight, hearing, or smell as they lived in hiding for so long. Naturally, their levels of sensing presences were almost at the level of Yu IlHan’s.

“So there aren’t that many skillful people.”

“Although there are some that aren’t much different from us…… Your Majesty is really different from them.”

“We are arriving soon.”

They immediately became silent and gathered towards Yu IlHan. It was to receive the effects of his concealment.

They arrived at the place where the civilians were prohibited from entering. Although this would be meaningless once monsters started pouring out……. Yu IlHan laughed bitterly and crossed that line with the elves.

There were many monsters that created dungeons with their own power, but most dungeons occurred from the Traps of Destruction that the angels made. As the angels weren’t idiots, they scattered those Traps of Destruction in places without much human presence, but this time, the dungeon at the center of this incident coincidentally and unluckily happen to be near a city.

Of course, it must have been very well known that a dungeon was nearby, but whether it was because of money, age, or other unavoidable circumstances, there were a lot of people who couldn’t leave their homes and move to another place.

However, through this incident, they would have no choice but to leave their homes, since while some military personnel were evacuating civilians, some were also clearing out those houses for good.

“Can we not approach at all?”

A familiar voice. It turned out to be Michael Smithson, the clan master of Metal Knights. A slightly tired female voice answered that question. It was the clan master of the Magic Dragon clan, Takagaki Asuha.

“We saw a lot of gates that looked like this before, in the Kantou region. I mean, on the day the Dungeon Wave occurred. You get what I mean, right?”

There were no idiots in that place that did not understand that a Dungeon Break was about to happen.

“The gate may open at any moment, and entering now is no different from suicide. Although we had to escape due to the possibility of losing our lives when we were scouting, there were at least 30 thousand 2nd classes and over 200 3rd classes from what we’ve seen. What we should be aware of is that this is only a small portion. It’s plenty difficult to fight against such numbers, we can’t fight in an environment that will leave them with an advantage.”

A cool-headed and fluent English. It was definitely Kang MiRae’s voice. At that point, Yu IlHan and the four elves could enter the vast clearing that the clans had cleared out, but no one in that place could notice Yu IlHan’s arrival due to his concealment.

“Honestly, it’s good for us to fight more safely…… Isn’t this your counter, miss Kang? You’re quite cold-hearted.”

“We’re evacuating the civilians even now. Moreover, even if there are civilian casualties, if we lost a member of the Lightning God Clan in this place, then we’d be courting a bigger disaster in the future. I have to be cool-headed as the leader.”

Of course, I have no intentions of allowing any civilian casualties, she added.

The firm will contained in a cold voice. No matter how stubborn and self-righteous Michael Smithson was, he couldn’t help but have a positive attitude towards her. Yu IlHan could see Kang HaJin stopping him from talking with Kang MiRae any further. Na YuNa was all smiles as always on the side.

“Shit, I really want Susanoo to appear now.”

The Front Line Alliance here were all members that saw Susanoo’s heroism from the side. It was natural that there were voices that looked for Susanoo.”

“I’m not sure. Honestly, there were quite a lot of incidents before, although none of them were as big as this. However, we couldn’t find his figure anywhere, and that means….. Either he’s stuck doing something in the other world he went to, or he died, no?”

“Die? Him? Miss Malatesta. That’s quite funny.”

“It’s fortunate that you took it as funny. Of course it’s a joke. He isn’t someone to die just because someone killed him.”

“Susanoo, huh.”

Paté, who could now understand human speech thanks to the artifact, whispered to Yu IlHan in a slightly excited voice.

“From their words, it seems like the one called Susanoo is the strongest on Earth. Although he won’t be stronger than you, Your Majesty, but it seems he’s quite good!”

“That’s me.”

“As expected of Your Majesty! You’re respected even among humans!”

The elves, who underwent strict training during the past few days, all opened their eyes in flattery. It was sad that none of that worked on Yu IlHan, though.

At that moment, new people arrived on the already packed clearing.

“129 people of Bump Clan is here. The gate hasn’t opened yet, right?”

“58 people of Caycicle Clan has also arrived. We couldn’t stay still since it’s Korea where Vanguard is situated in.”

They were all at least of 2nd class. The higher levelled ones even looked to be around level 80. The Magia Clan’s clan master did say a lot of things happened on Earth, but from how their levels were so high, it seemed she was right.

“We’ll widen the clearing! For the clans that just arrived, please go to where we direct you!….. YuNa.”

“Uhh yeah. I’ll call my younger uncle now. I just have to clear out that apartment complex and widen the clearing right?”

Just with Kang MiRae and Na YuNa’s decisions, hundreds of billions of won (≈hundreds of millions of dollars) were instantly gone. Yu IlHan watched the scene where huge buildings were being destroyed by the ability users and could come to a conclusion that it was a wise decision to sell them weapons.

“Careful not to clash with other people.”

“Yes, sir!”

Ordering the elves, Yu IlHan took out his phone and messaged Kang MiRae.

[I have arrived.]

Kang MiRae, who was having a conversation with others seemed to have felt the vibration as she took out her phone to check it. A smile appeared on her lips after checking Yu IlHan’s message.

“Good.”

“What’s good, MiRae?”

“Fuu.”

Ignoring Na YuNa, Kang MiRae tapped on her phone. Yu IlHan’s phone rang.

[You should’ve seen when you came here, but the dungeon will open soon. According to Feyta’s words, the dungeon will not assimilate with Earth instantly and that monsters will come out from the dungeon endlessly. Is there anything else you’re wondering about or anything we can help you with?]

There is. Yu IlHan smiled lightly and tapped on his phone once more.

[I’ll leave the directing to you, and prepare the strongest lightning magic you have. And you can shoot once you feel it’s necessary.]

[Understood.]

Although his request may have sounded a little weird, Kang MiRae acknowledged right away before leaving the control of the situation to Kang HaJin and started to prepare her magic. Seeing that the quick witted Na YuNa buffed her from the side, Yu IlHan smiled.

“Teehee. Such simple women.”

[Can’t you fix that habit of speaking like a villain, sheesh?] (Erta)

There were some weapons he had made while considering battle on Earth while he had some spare time in Dareu. Special weapons made using dragonkin corpses in which all sorts of magic dwelled! And with Kang MiRae’s support, one of them would see the light today.

Thinking about what that may cause, Yu IlHan couldn’t help but laughing.

Yu IlHan didn’t think that he himself was the god of disaster, but if he checked his face on a mirror, then he wouldn’t be able to deny that.

At this moment, he was indeed a god of disaster.

A god of disaster that ushered disaster not towards humans, but towards monsters!



Chapter 110

When Kang MiRae started reciting the incantation for her spell, the other clan masters who were chatting amongst themselves while leading their clans flinched at her sudden actions and proceeded to rush into battle formations.

Some large clans split up into smaller platoons, other small clans merged into one, and some clans scattered while gathering into their differentiated roles in battle. Their actions looked like this wasn’t the first time they did this; an aura of inclement battle immediately arose.

[People from Earth are amazing.] (Erta)

Spoke Erta suddenly.

[It’s not only because they had a 10 year adaptation period. Humans always fight each other due to their differences but here, they’re combining their power.] (Erta)

“That’s because they were embarrassed during the battle in Japan where they acted separately.”

Yu IlHan replied in a cynical fashion as he looked towards the dungeon gate. It really looked like it was going to explode open at any moment.

According to Kang MiRae’s words, it seemed that the majority were 2nd or 3rd class, but who knows; Yu IlHan decided to consider the possibility of 4th class beings popping out.

He just wished that there weren’t over a thousand 4th class beings. Currently, Yu IlHan wasn’t receiving the Angel’s Support buff that he receives in Abandoned Worlds, and the options of the Eight-tailed dragon spear would not be activated against non-dragonkin.

[No, that’s because the humans realized their own lack of power, and started thinking about how to fill that gap with the help of other people. This is only possible because they became more humble.] (Erta)

“That’s a good thing.”

[And you are the one who made them humble.] (Erta)

“I’m also very humble. I’m no knight though.”

After saying that, he ordered the elves to prepare for battle and activated Superhuman Strength and jumped several kilometers into the air.

When the elves concealment deactivated due to that, the people around them panicked for a little, but when the elves gestured that they weren’t enemies, they backed off while being on guard. In the current situation, all allied forces were precious.

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan used the extra function on the leap skill and stayed in the air for a little longer while he took out a huge spear and grabbed it with both of his hands. The length was over 5 meters and the thickness was as thick as Yu IlHan’s body. It was an overwhelming-sized spear. What was more surprising was that this spear was for throwing.

[Isn’t that just sharpened 3rd class dragonkin bones?] (Erta)

“This, is the bone of the dragonkin that used lightning.”

Yu IlHan laughed as mana started exploding from the gate. Along with that, a mass of monsters rushed out from the gate! The people who were prepared all shot with long-ranged magic, and knights with shields rushed forward and held up their shields.

“Hup!”

And Yu IlHan threw his spear. There was no need for him to transfer the weight. Just by using his Superhuman strength-empowered muscles, and the Absolute accuracy, along with the several kilometers of height, it was sufficient for him to just throw the gigantic spear made from a level 180 dragonkin that wielded the power of lightning.

Boom! The gigantic spear that fell down on the ground light a streak of lightning instantly decimated tens of monsters that rushed out from the gate. It happened as the lightning-attribute magic power was emitted to the surroundings at the point of landing.

[Kyaaah!]

[Kihik! Kugaaah!]

However, Yu IlHan’s spear throw didn’t end with that. 2 shots, 4 shots, 7 shots!

[Kuaaah!]

“Wh, what the heck?”

The gigantic spears that fell in order to surround the gate in a circle instantly decimated hundreds of monsters in mere moments, and even after the lightning storm was gone, the monsters that exited the gate could neither pull out nor destroy the gigantic spears and they could not attack the humans.

[Kuoooh!]

3rd class monsters weren’t that much different, because electric currents still remained in the spears, preventing the monsters from using their full power while in contact with it.

All of this was done by just one man. The shield knights who were prepared for shock became dumbfounded.

“So, this here is…”

“There’s only one that can attack like this…”

The people there also realized what was happening. An absurdly strong ally, and one that liked to throw spears…… Susanoo was with them!

And amidst of the people, one woman extended her hands towards one of the gigantic spears that surrounded the gate. She knew that the ‘moment’ he was talking about was now!

“Gigantic Thunder!”

Golden lightning struck the gigantic spears. The moment after the gigantic spear was colored in gold, it spat out small streaks of lightning and instantly scorched the monsters coming out from the gate.

‘How…’

Kang MiRae couldn’t close her mouth while seeing the streak of experience notifications that covered her retina. Would Yu IlHan have expected this? Yes of course. But seeing how he didn’t even get into a party with her, it seemed that this ‘mere’ amount of experience was unnecessary for him.

‘Amazing. The person that struck from high up is amazing, but the crafter that made that artifact is also amazing!1 Mana can only decrease the moment it acquires an offensive property through processing, but that big spear doesn’t deplete the mana but is amplifying it instead!’

Even Kang MiRae, who struck out with the magic herself, didn’t expect this. That gigantic spear absorbed and amplified lightning? The small streaks of lightning that were pouring out were showing overwhelming might, but in Kang MiRae’s eyes, they were just waste products. Waste products that were produced in the process of the lightning being amplified!

“Shit, now that I think Susanoo is here, the monsters aren’t so scary anymore. Insane.”

“The monsters can’t come out of the spear-fence. Shit, that’s a prison right there!”

“Now! Attack like you mean it! Those who can use lightning magic all aim for that spear!”

After realizing what the situation came to be, the people sniped at the monsters who couldn’t easily exit the fence comprised of gigantic spears. The lightning mages also shot at the gigantic spear along with Kang MiRae, albeit with a significantly weaker power.

Some time later, the spear that absorbed and amplified Kang MiRae’s Gigantic Thunder emitted more light before all the other gigantic spears around started emitting light.

The moment Kang MiRae muttered ‘no way’, the golden lightning within the main spear transferred its energy to the other spears at a speed invisible to the eyes. Obviously, the monsters in the path were all scorched to death.

“What the hell is that!?”

“It isn’t even over yet!”

The true party had just began. The transferred lightning amplified once again before shooting to other spears, and the ones in their paths were scorched to death yet again. The people who had shields up front to block the monsters had to step back in fear.

“Playing with lightning…”

“Is that magic by the Empress?”

“Empress, amazing as the rumors said.”

Like how soccer players were passing the ball to each other, the huge spears that comprised the fence also passed lightning back and forth. The monsters either got electrified and collapsed while trying to go over the fence, or had to stay paralyzed for quite a while, and that in itself was the greatest chance for the forces to act.

Although energy was depleted as the lightning pierced through the monsters and the explosive firepower shown at first gradually decreased, after some time, the passing speed of the lightning became faster and it seemed like a giant fence of lightning had formed in a circular fashion outside the gate. The people could only make empty laughs.

“Those who can’t attack long range should throw their weapons or something! That thing there won’t last forever!”

“No, I think you’re wrong.”

Immediately after someone said that it wouldn’t last forever, Kang MiRae shot another huge streak of lightning onto the spear and the electric fence instantly became enhanced. Not only that,

“Please make those fences a little more sturdier! In order for the bad guys to stay inside!”

The moment Na YuNa said that in a tone that seemed like she was asking something of an old man next door, all the spears started emitting a pink aura and emitted an even stronger lightning all around!

“Oh my, no matter how this place is the home grounds for the Lightning God clan, we can’t let them take everything! We shall use the Concentrate magic!”

“Understood, master!”

Like how they used the word ‘Magia’ for their clan name, Carina Malatesta didn’t want to look so bad in regards to magic, and as such, showed a magic that was only possible for them as they were comprised of mages only. It was none other than joint magic!

All the mages would pour their mana into the magic stone that the clan master, Carina Malatesta, was holding. Then, Carina would use that as the material to cast magic. Additional magic stones would be consumed in the process, so it could be said to be a money attack that used 2 2nd class magic stones at once or even more depending on the attack.

This was only possible because 2nd class monsters started appearing more frequently on Earth recently.

“Great Chain Lightning!”

Carina’s magic struck the spear. Monsters screamed in pain, while the humans cheered in rejoice.

This place, was a place of battle, of festivity, of growth, and of harmony.

To everyone other than Yu IlHan.

“Shit.”

Swore Yu IlHan. he had just landed concealed in the middle of the battlefield after he had formed that fence around the gate.

He had ordered the elves to attack.

Currently, the archer, Paté was at 1st place in contribution as he was shooting arrows from a safe place, and the other three were taking care of 3rd class monsters that managed to exit the fence so they were slightly behind Paté.

However, what was important right now wasn’t something like that. Currently, he was under a severe depression.

“This…makes sense?”

[Uhh……. yeah it does.] (Erta)

Acknowledged Erta, before adding in a slightly sorry tone.

[I should have told you this before, but I’d forgotten since you were too out of class.] (Erta)

“That doesn’t cheer me up so away with it.”

[I’m not trying to cheer you up. I’m only saying the reality as it is.] (Erta)

The reason he was depressed was extremely simple. A while before, when he had just killed hundreds of 2nd class monsters with just the shockwave alone,

he got no experience at all!

[One cannot acquire experience from those under level 100 after acquiring 3rd class, that is from a class lower than yours. It’s because it does not help your growth at all.] (Erta)

“You don’t have to explain.”

[But isn’t it good? A gate got connected to another Abandoned World. Now, stronger monsters will start coming out. There will be plenty of 3rd class monsters for you to hunt too!] (Erta)

For the people who were having a hard fight, it was a cruel consolation. However Yu IlHan’s imagination was already beyond that.

“And what happens after I clean this mess up?”

While other people were worrying about how to survive this situation, Yu IlHan was already looking at the bleak looking future which made Erta sweat cold sweat while replying.

[Since Earth has only gone through its 1st Great Cataclysm, there won’t be many dungeons where you can hunt 3rd class monsters in. Even so, there would be new dungeons with 3rd class monsters as normal mobs after the 2nd Great Cataclysm! Like the dungeon in Japan last time!] (Erta)

“And until that?”

[How about Dareu?] (Erta)

“The elves need it to take care of their growth.”

[……Then would you go on a global tour with me to see if there’s any other connection with an Abandoned World?] (Erta)

Erta was asking Ilhan out for a date which she had never done in her life as an angel nor before that, but unfortunately, both the time and the occasion was the worst. Yu IlHan sighed while shaking his head.

“I’ll just raise my child. I’ll make him OP.”

Yes, this must be fate. Perhaps Lecidna gave him a child because she knew he wouldn’t be able to earn any experience to level up when he came back to Earth! Really, she was a thankful woman.

“I shouldn’t have let her die. I should have kept her at my side and bullied her all the time.”

Yu IlHan gritted his teeth while praying for Lecidna’s well-wishes(?), before taking out a dragon-bone atlatl from his inventory and waiting for his turn.

While he was just sucking on his thumb while watching Kang MiRae of the Lightning God Clan, and Carina Malatesta of Magia who were raking in experience with their lightning magic, an opportunity finally arrived for Yu IlHan.

Just as the clans that weren’t in the Front Line Alliance joined the battle and raised the morale, a single monster that rushed out from the gate instantly saw through the situation and roared after jumping hundreds of meters into the air!

[Kwaaah!]

“Good, that guy looks promising.”

Yes. You should at least jump if you can’t leave because of the fence! Thinking that the jumping guy looked promising, Yu IlHan swung the bone atlatl with all his power.

[Kuaaakehek!]

The javelin made of dragon bones pierced the head of the monster that just landed and was about to assault the humans.

[You have earned 24,109,283 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 161 Great Dark Wolf.]

“Ah.”

Muttered Yu IlHan in disappointment.

“This guy was also a mob character.”

“……”

“What just happened right now?”

“It’s Susanoo. We all know he’s here, don’t we?”

“Yes, it’s Susanoo. But the monster that just died……?”

The people who were in the middle of battle looked at the scene where the Great Dark Wolf’s corpse disappeared (into Yu IlHan’s inventory) before realizing that there was no time for that and focused back on the battle.

However, that scene was already firmly engraved into everyone’s heads. There was no idiot who couldn’t understand what this meant.

Susanoo’s spear that instantly pierced 2nd class monsters 3 months before, could now pierce 3rd class monsters without any problems!



Chapter 111

Everyone was prepared for a long battle, but the battle in question was much longer than whatever they had expected.

[I received a report from Feyta.] (Erta)

While Yu IlHan was rolling around in laziness, Erta, who robbed Feyta of everything, started explaining.

[The connection method is similar to that with Dareu’s. The Lightning God Clan realized that the environment was changing as they were leaving, and witnessed tens of thousands of 2nd class, and hundreds of 3rd class divided into two sides and fighting each other.] (Erta)

“It’s not our concern if they fight amongst themselves……. but any sign of intelligent species?”

[None from what they saw. That’s natural. Dareu was the exception, God does not abandon any world.] (Erta)

If Destruction Demon Army and the Garden of Sunset did not interfere with Dareu, it wouldn’t have been abandoned, or so Erta said. After that, she talked about how God’s hand will be extended to Dareu once again, but why did it sound like locking the stable after the horse was stolen…

“So, Lightning God just escaped after looking at the battle?”

[Yes, in a hurry too. Moreover, when their retreat was found out, and the Dungeon Break was pulled forward. There was no way that would have happened if they mastered concealment!] (Erta)

“Even if you advertise like that, there’s no shop that sells concealment skills at $39.99”

Yu IlHan Sighed. He did think that there shouldn’t have been a proper scouting, but never did he imagine that what they found out was just the tip of the iceberg.

Lightning God seemed to be thinking that an Abandoned World was just a little bigger dungeon, but Yu IlHan knew the truth very well after the incident in Dareu; how horrifying of a scale an army could develop into within a world ruled by monsters.

“They should have just remained in their own damned world, why did it just happen to get connected with Earth…”

[Heaven had judged that this would not be the end of it. There are even predictions that this is just the prelude to a big change……] (Erta)

Sighed Yu IlHan again when Erta added hurriedly in consolation.

[If there’s anything fortunate, it’s that unlike Dareu, that world was doomed after the 2nd Great Cataclysm. So, it is likely that there’s no 4th class monster in that world.] (Erta)

“But a 4th class monster appeared on Earth even though Earth had gone through the 1st Great Cataclysm.”

Erta was tongue tied. Although it was a scheme of a traitor, it was still the truth. Yu IlHan continued speaking while fiddling around with the bone atlatl in his hands.

“It’s different from Dareu. I don’t have much confidence in going against 4th class beings that aren’t dragonkin.”

Eight-tailed dragon spear did definitely become an epic rank. However, that high rank could not be used properly if he wasn’t going against dragonkin.

“Four…… No, five. It will be different according to the enemy, but that will be my limit. If any of them are over 230 in level, then I can’t do anything either.”

[That’s plenty amazing.] (Erta)

“I only wish that that world isn’t like Dareu.”

His abilities would increase by 10% if fighting alongside Yumir due to the effect of Dragon-man resonance, but he couldn’t bring a level 1 kid in a dangerous place like this.

Thought Yu IlHan as he turned his head around, when he saw Liera with a blooming smile on her face and Yumir in her arms. Despite there being plenty of people stronger than him right now, he was concealed.

What’s more amazing was that no one was able to see through this newborn’s concealment.

“Dad!”

“……”

Yumir realized it was him even though he had a helmet on as he jumped from Liera’s arms into his. Clang, a metallic sound resounded out, but Yumir was still smiling as if not in pain.

When Yu IlHan glared at Liera silently, she excused herself in panic.

[He said he wanted to see his dad! He looked like he might leave on his own!]

“Even so, how can you bring a kid to a place where it wouldn’t be strange even if a 4th class……”

[Yumir’s skill, Concealment, grows rapidly.]

[Yumir’s skill, Concealment, has become level 20. The resonance with the rider increases and can use a stronger level of concealment.]

Yu IlHan stopped speaking and sighed after reading the information on his retina. It seemed like Yumir’s concealment was being lead to further heights as he became able to use a higher level of concealment while near him.

This is completely OP! Or so Yu IlHan wanted to shout, but thinking back, his concealment was level max the moment he saw the status for the first time. He had no qualifications to say someone else was OP.

“Yes, just master it quickly. Let’s earn a higher skill too, right?”

“Yeah!”

Yumir, who answered while not knowing anything with a smile, fiddled around to find a comfortable position. Of course, concealment skill level was still increasing.

There were countless people and even more countless monsters around. Concealing in their midst, there was no way concealment wouldn’t rise in level.

[The power of bloodline is amazing……] (Erta)

“Don’t say bloodline.”

Even while retorting, Yu IlHan was inwardly nodding his head. At this speed, he wondered if the skill will rise to level 50 by the end of battle.

“Yes, let’s just think of it as skill grinding. Well, he’ll be safe with me too.”

[That’s quite a positive attitude, I like it.] (Erta)

Even while grumbling, Yu IlHan repositioned Yumir in his arms. However, just as Yumir was staring at the countless 2nd class monsters pouring out from the gate, he asked Yu IlHan.

“Dad, can I hunt them?”

“You?”

“Yeah!”

This was a suggestion he never thought about. Since Yumir’s level was still 1, he was planning to level him up slowly with goblins or slimes in a weaker dungeon.

Yes, wasn’t he too naïve? Dragons hunting goblins lol. He had a higher ranked skill from birth!

Wait, no, he’s still level 1.

Since he couldn’t come up with an answer by himself, Yu IlHan seeked the answer from Erta.

“How many hits would it require to kill a 2nd class monster with middle-tier magic?”

[What that Empress over there is using is also middle-tier magic. If the caster’s level and mana is enough, then of course it’s instakill…… Don’t tell me dragons have middle-tier magic from birth?] (Erta)

“Goood.”

Skill grinding location changed into levelling location.

“Mir, if you can’t kill them instantly with your magic, then they will all die while crashing into the fence, so you have to kill them instantly. Or, you have to wound them fatally at least in order to get the MVP position.

“Yeah!”

“Don’t reserve your mana. It’ll recover when you level up anyway.”

“Yeah!”

“Good, let’s prepare then.”

Yu IlHan lightly grabbed Yumir’s left hand and lifted him up. Yumir extended his index finger of his left hand that was grabbed by Yu IlHan, before gathering mana and changing it to wind magic. 1

As expected of a dragon? Compared to humans, the ripple of mana, and the speed of magic completion was overwhelmingly superior. A fragment of 4th class dragon’s magic he had tasted so much in Dareu was here.

“If you level up, you need to conceal yourself quickly like dad.”

“Yeah!”

When the wind on Yumir’s fingertips got thick enough to take form, a 2nd class monster just came out from the gate.

Now! When Yu IlHan lightly inserted strength into his hand grabbing Yumir, he immediately shot the wind bullet. A hole appeared on the monster’s head, and it collapsed like that.

It happened in a blink of an eye, and that monster wasn’t the only one rushing out of the gate, so not to mention people, even monsters didn’t notice it. The problem was what happened next.

[Yumir’s level became 17.]

[Yumir evolves into an Infant Dragon.]

Blinding light was emitted from Yumir’s now-unconcealed body. It wasn’t something like a level up, but an evolution!

The amount of light was overwhelming to the point that even monsters looked towards his direction, but the amount of light was too overwhelming so no one could see what was happening inside.

And when the light disappeared, there was nothing there. The people were very surprised, but they weren’t in a situation where they could calmly analyze things. Some just thought that Susanoo did something and some thought that people use the wrong magic.

The answer was that Yu IlHan used the large amount of light to conceal themselves again.

“Wow!”

Feeling that he was getting stronger, Yumir rejoiced while clapping. Thanks to the evolution, Yumir, who had a 2 year-old-looking body now had a body around 4 to 5 year-old, and the clothes he was wearing was instantly ripped to shreds as well.

[So acquiring class makes their body grows as well. Dragons are quite the creatures of wonder.] (Erta)

[mmm, he was cuter before, but he’s still cute now!] (Liera)

“You recovered all your mana, right?”

“Yeah, it’s overflowing!”

Yumir’s mana was indeed overflowing. The mana he couldn’t hold within himself was covering his skin and he prevented it from escaping. This was a dragon’s mana rule! It was an amazing ability.

Mana recovered when level 1 becomes level 2, when 2 becomes 3, when 3 becomes 4……. Like that, he had preserved all the mana that had replenished itself until level 17.

Even while going through evolution!

[Amazing technique. When I could do that, I had long since escaped the level where I could level up continuously like that…….] (Erta)

[I still can’t do that. So continuous level ups had such a function!] (Liera)

[There’s no function like that. That’s a cheat.] (Erta)

Obviously, Yu IlHan also couldn’t do something monstrous like that. No matter how he became able to wield mana, this was something entirely different.

“This is a lot of mana, can I use all of it?”

“Of course.”

“Then I want to kill that next!”

The target Yumir pointed to was a wolf monster that just charged out of the gate. Yu IlHan saw through its level instantl.

That, was a 3rd class. One that had a level over 110.

In this place, excluding Yu IlHan, only the clan masters of the Front Line Alliance would be able to kill it on a 1 vs 1 fight. And they would need the higher ranked weapons that Yu IlHan had sold.

“Even so, you’re still 1st class…….”

[Who’s talking about who here?] (Erta)

Spoke Yu IlHan in worry, but he could only close his mouth at Erta’s remark. Thinking back, he did indeed kill a 3rd class monster when he was still 1st class! Was it just that? There was a time the had to instakill 3rd class monsters for his 2nd class advancement quest,

“…..That’s true.”

“I can kill it!”

He didn’t think much of it when it was himself in the scene, but how could he think so differently when it came to Yumir… Yu IlHan finally realized that he was a freak. Compared to what he did until now, his realization came too late.

Liera spoke while looking at the two with loving eyes.

[How can the father and son be so similar.] (Liera)

“Don’t say what my mom used to say many times!”

Both the father and son couldn’t be happy when hearing that line! Yu IlHan fueled that rage into his hand and lightly grabbed Yumir’s hand again.

“Yes, Mir. Let’s kill it.”

“Yeah!”

Yumir gathered the mana that was boiling inside his body, and the mana that was circling around it onto his index fingertip again.

[Yumir’s skill, Concealment, has become level 30. The skill’s power becomes stronger due to the increase in the resonance between the rider.]

[Yumir’s skill, Mana rule, has become level 17.]

Keeping concealment while gathering mana into one place let the skill proficiency rise like mad. Even after considering that, the growth of the skill was too fast. As expected of the talent of the son of the pancosmic loner. Shit.

Sweating hard, Yumir condensed the mana. Perhaps because it wasn’t just the mana he possessed, the bullet that took a longer time to form than last time had become a magic bullet that was worth waiting for to form.

“Good, Mir. Let’s just leave that guy from last time, and go with another one.”

“A stronger one?”

“A stronger one.”

The guy that Yumir pointed to last time had already charged against the lightning fence and was being weakened due to various attacks. Yu IlHan instead pointed towards a black wolf that looked like it would be easily over level 120.

“Now!”

“Yeah!”

Yumir flicked his finger and shot the bullet.

The bullet pierced through its head as if it were natural, and entered the gate as it seemed like it still had remaining power.

“Huh?”

“Huh?”

The father and son tilted their heads simultaneously. Anyway, since the wolf died instantly, Yumir’s concealment wore off once again along with an explosive level up, and Yu IlHan had to leap upwards in order to conceal themselves again.

[Yumir’s has become level 31.]

[Yumir’s skill, Mana rule, has become level 20. He can now steal insignificant amount of mana from another person’s magic.]

Yumir laughed in rejoiced and clapped. Tens of mana crystals formed and floated around him.

“I got loads of mana again!”

As Yumir’s magic stat increased considerably at each level up, the overlapped mana was headache-inducing. Yu IlHan thought in expectation that he might be able to get his son to go through the 2nd class advancement today.

However, his expectations had to die down. The moment Yu IlHan and Yumir landed on the ground, a black-haired man with frightening aura rushed out from the gate.

“A man? He isn’t human.”

Looking at the man that clearly looked like a 4th class, the humans finally thought that what should come had come as they gritted their teeth, Yu IlHan raised his hand to activate what he had prepared, and Yumir seemed to think that that guy was impossible for him and activated concealment to its limits while trying to dig into Yu IlHan’s embrace but was blocked by the armor.

At that moment.

“Please forgive us for not recognizing your almighty existence as a dragon, and please help us!”

Spitting out words that only Yu IlHan could understand, the man immediately kneeled and bashed his head on the ground.

The situation was going in a direction that nobody had expected.



Chapter 112

“Wh, what the hell?”

The front line forces exclaimed in amazement.

“That man is a monster, right?”

“The monsters are retreating?”

At the same time the black-haired man bashed his head on the ground, the monsters stopped their attacks and gathered around the man. It was completely different to their attitudes until just now when they charged forward without the fear of death.

The people of Earth didn’t go “Yay, a hexa-kill chance!” and do other idiotic things like that, but became wary of the man and kept their guard up as they sheathed their weapons.

It was undeniable that the man’s aura was very strong, as such, rather than attacking first and enraging him, they decided that it was better to judge the situation a little later. Good, a wise choice – nodded Yu IlHan.

“We do not have any intention to invade this world! It was our last ditch effort as we were chased out by our enemies, so please! May you spare my kin in exchange for my life!”

Meanwhile, the man was still shouting in that position, but only Yu IlHan could understand him here.

No, well, it was something only Yu IlHan needed to understand.

Yu IlHan was in the air with Yumir in his arms, but the moment the man’s second line ended, he re-leaped towards the ground and landed. Standing behind the first huge spear he shot on the ground, Yu IlHan deactivated his concealment.

“Whoa!”

“It really was Susanoo.”

“……But Susanoo has someone in his arms?”

Yumir tried to get into concealment in embarrassment as he was being seen by so many stronger people, but Yu IlHan covered him with a blanket and took him into his arms again. Then, he confronted the black haired man.

“I think you’re misunderstanding something.”

Retorted Yu IlHan using the language he just learned through the maxed out language skill.

“My son is indeed a dragon, but he’s much weaker than you right now, so I don’t think there’s any meaning in asking for help.”

“What do you……?”

The man finally raised his head. Before him was a grown man covered in armor that definitely smelled like a human, and someone that looked human but definitely smelled like a dragon.

“……Son, is dragon? Human? Is father?”

“Yup.”

Replied Yu IlHan while calming the embarrassed Yumir in his arms down.

“How can that be…”

The black-haired man was stunned, leaving his mouth agape. Meanwhile, the number of monsters, mainly wolves, that exited the gate, was increasing.

As their room for movement became smaller and smaller, there came a moment where they had to exert strength into their legs in order to not get fried by the lightning fence. Just as the man tried to remove the fences, Yu IlHan stopped him with his hand gesture.

“Explain the situation.”

“If we don’t remove the fence first……!”

“Very well, I’ll give you some room.”

Confirming that the people had backed off enough, Yu IlHan waved his hand. When he did, the tens of giant spears around the gate disappeared instantly!

The man gaped his mouth at the incredible show of technique, when Yu IlHan waved his hand again and the collected spears started reappearing.

The gigantic spears that appeared a little above the ground embedded themselves in the ground with booming sounds and formed yet another circle, but if there was anything different from last time, it was that the space inside had gotten wider, and the electric fence had disappeared.

However, the electric energy was still there, so if someone like the Empress stimulated them lightly, then another fence would lightning would form.

Moreover, as new spears were added in order to make up the lengthened circumference, it was still very difficult to escape between the spears. It would be different if all the monsters here could jump, but Yu IlHan would never let that happen.

Naturally, the man became shocked and marvelled at the scene. Although he was a 4th class being, he developed physically so he was clueless in regards to magic.

“A human can cast such a high-level spatial magic!?”

“I’m not a dragon’s daddy for show.”

A loner’s disease of not being able to communicate with others without boasting or deception had activated. The palm-sized Erta asked while sighing.

[Did you receive some inventory education somewhere?] (Erta)

“Learned through anime.”1

Yes. Although he boasted to the man, what he utilized was merely the options from his inventory.

He first collected the spears using the remote collection option, then with the exact same option, he called out the spears at around 1m above the ground.

At that time, he added the weight transfer and weight control options to add about 100 tons to each of the spears, so they naturally embedded themselves into the ground.

“……”

The man seemed to hesitate after looking at Yu IlHan. However, in the end, he seemed to have come to a decision as he nodded and smacked his head on the ground again.

“It doesn’t matter whether you’re a dragon or not. What is important is the power you possess. Please help us. Even if we fight you here, that will all be in their favor!”

“Hmm.”

The moment he heard that, Yu IlHan made a thick smirk that no one other than Erta and Liera could see as they could see through his helmet.

Everything was as Yu IlHan had planned. The moment the man appeared and bowed his head, Yu IlHan thought that the situation may turn out like this if he showed his strong side.

Yu IlHan’s aura on the surface definitely didn’t look that strong. At least, in a 4th class being’s view, it would be as such. Then, it should have immediately stood up and ripped apart Yu IlHan with his own hands, but he didn’t.

Why? Because there was something he needed to protect. It’s current mindset was that of someone who wanted any kind of help possible.

Yu IlHan saw through his heart correctly.

“That’s why I said….”

Yu IlHan approached the man. The surrounding wolves glared at him, but when the man shook his head, they immediately backed off. These monsters had a clear method of communication and hierarchy. This was quite a good sign.

Having approached the man, Yu IlHan showed one action while receiving the gaze of all the people and monsters here.

He made the man stand up.

“Explain the situation. If it is of merit to me and to this land, then I’ll cooperate. I’ll also persuade the other humans for you.”

Yu IlHan could only do this as he had thrown away his unconditional hostility against monsters after he cooperated with dragons once. The man seemed to believe Yu IlHan’s honesty as he nodded while sighing in relief. Then he started explaining.

“We call our world Kiroa. Just until a few hundred years ago, humans and us wolfkin were balanced as we developed mutually and fought against each other.”

Wolfkin, or so the man and the wolves were called. So they evolve to be humanoid if they become 4th class? Yu IlHan was pondering when Liera spoke from behind him.

[I know about Kiroa. Not long after the 2nd Great Cataclysm, the wolf monsters reproduced at incredible speeds and exterminated the humans. Of course, we backed off at that point.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan started pondering again after hearing Liera’s explanation; he somehow felt like he had heard about this.

And as he had expected, the man’s following words convinced Yu IlHan of that fact.

“The 2nd Great Cataclysm occurred, and a few of our colonies grew rapidly. We became stronger, faster, and numbered many. Since the balance was tilted, a war was inevitable. We exterminated the humans, and a world of wolfkin opened. I thought that war would end like that and there would come a time of peace.”

“And it didn’t?”

“The various chiefs of the colonies that developed rapidly had a scheme. They attacked the traditional royalty of the wolfkin and the princess……”

“Oh, okay.”

After that was the cliché rebellion and love story that any fantasy novels you pick up at a bookstore would have. How was the repertoire so obvious… While Yu IlHan was yawning in boredom, a new element came in.

“We finally realized: They were wolfkin, but at the same time, they weren’t.”

“So what, they had the transcender group, Destruction Demon Army, behind them?”

The man lost his words. It seemed like Yu IlHan had hit the bullseye. If that was an act, then Yu IlHan would bring that man to Hollywood.

“H, how did……”

“Very well, I believe you.”

The moment Destruction Demon Army came in, the reliability of the information skyrocketed.

The higher existence he met in Dareu, Teraka, definitely did say that Yu IlHan would encounter the Destruction Demon Army quite a lot from then on. Although he didn’t know that it would come so soon, now that they did come, Yu IlHan had no choice but to kill them all. He first checked the remaining details fast.

“So, wolfkin split up into two factions? The Destruction Demon Army faction is trying to bring down the royalty and want the authority, and you guys want to protect them.”

“Yes. However, we’re the weaker side!”

“But since it was confirmed that your world was connected to Earth, Destruction Demon Army side want to invade Earth while they’re at it?”

“Y…… You’re completely correct. And we were sacrificed in that process! They pushed us through the gate in order to deplete the power of both Earth and ours, and they would take over Earth with their full power…… How do you know all this!?”

The man shouted with eyes of disbelief. Yu IlHan answered again with ‘I’m not a dragon’s daddy for nothing’, but inside, he was laughing at him.

That guy’s no good for Hollywood after all, his eyes were trembling like mad.

Those guys pushed the wolfkin through the gate? That was a complete lie. Well, yeah, they were at a numerical disadvantage, but they tried to ‘escape’ here.

They would first check the safety with scouts, and if they judge that this side is weaker than them, then they’d wipe out the humans and prepare to fight back.

No, thinking more about it, it wasn’t that either. The highest possibility was a three-way war between wolfkin, Destruction Demon Army, and Earth.

If the wolfkin scattered throughout the Earth, then would the traitors in the Destruction Demon Army ask the people of Earth politely and hunt only the wolfkin? Would the humans let the monsters free in their cities?

No way.

Naturally, Earth will become a chaos, and wolkin would be able to hide their royalty and even look for a chance for reversal. Only one side would profit in this three-way war.

Their plan was perfect, but somehow, the scouts were wiped out the moment they went through the gate. Even elites of 3rd class were wiped out. The moment they thought that their plan had failed, a dragon magic flies in from beyond the gate.

So, they would think that something is going wrong. That was why, a quite a high ranking wolf-man popped out and bowed his head, and spoke a lie that would not work at all, trying to decrease their sin.

After asking about the scale of the forces of both the wolfkin and the Destruction Demon Army, he confirmed one last thing.

“I’ll ask this just in case, but is the Garden of Sunset helping you guys out or something?”

“Wh, what kind of group is that?”

The wolf-man that was horribly at lying asked with an expression that said he really didn’t know. Yu IlHan just laughed it off saying it’s nothing and shook his head.

Garden of Sunset, unpredictable guys as always. Yu IlHan thought that they were complete idiots, helping some and not helping the rest.

“Good, I’ll explain the situation to the humans. You call your troops here. Oh, your name?”

“Ah, thank you! I’m the Head of the Royal Guardians of the wolfkin, Flemir!”

Yu IlHan snorted seeing Flemir sigh in relief as he flicked his hand. The widened circle completely disappeared this time.

“Dad is so cool.”

“Yes, you can also grow up to be a fine man as well.”

“Yeah!”

[Look at his thick skin, this guy……] (Erta)

[What’s wrong with that? He’s the coolest in the world.] (Liera)

[Ah, yeah, he sure is. Have a nice love.] (Erta)

Yumir, impressed at his father who talked firmly against a 4th class monster, tried to get into Yu IlHan’s embraced again, but bashed his head on the armor yet again. Yu IlHan embraced Yumir to be as comfortable as possible as he turned back around to the humans.

Fear, admiration, respect, hatred, all sorts of emotions were directed towards him.

What took the most part was admiration. Even though they were both people of Earth, he made a monster higher level than him kneel down in front of him and converse. The humans couldn’t put Yu IlHan in the same line as themselves.

Of course, there were some exceptions.

“You, Susanoo! We will definitely !@#$%#@!”

“Sheesh, such a shameless guy.”

Such as Michael Smithson who stepped up daringly before being dragged back by the other clan masters.

“May we, ask for an explanation?”

There was also a woman with clear eyes, who did not forget her position and role even while despairing at the incomparably widened gap from before even though she thought that she had caught up considerably.

“Good, I will explain then.”

Answered Yu IlHan. In English that was no less refined than hers.

“Before that, one thing. I want to change ‘priorities’ in hunting the monsters, but what do you think?”

Yu IlHan didn’t trust in monsters, whether it was the always annoying Destruction Demon Army, or the sons of bitches who looked down on the human intelligence of Earth. They were both enemies he had to get rid of in Yu IlHan’s eyes.



Chapter 113

People accepted Yu IlHan’s explanations and relaxed. No, rather than accepting it, they judged that it was much safer to use those guys like how they were trying to use us rather than fighting back recklessly.

“It’s a very big matter. It will be insufficient even if we gather all the ability users in the world. Do you understand my words?”

Yu IlHan expressed his opinion to the Front Line Alliance, and the other clans who tried to create ties with them through this incident.

Everyone, who realized that this matter was very big the moment Susanoo asked for their opinions instead of handling everything by himself, nodded their heads.

“We do not have a lot of time, so please give your opinions on how to efficiently prepare against our ‘enemies’.”

“I thought you weren’t human, but now that you’re asking us on the same level as us, this feels quite strange.”

Clan master Carina Malatesta of Magia didn’t seem to have a lot of hostility towards Susanoo unlike Michael Smithson of Metal Knights, as she shrugged and said that.

Continuing,

“The most important thing is to restrict the area of the battlefield. Although I’m very sorry for the clan master of the Lightning God Clan, there is a need to isolate a wide area in order to not let the damage spread outside even if the enemies escape our formation. If the enemies retreat into a mountain or something, then that would be the worst.”

When Yu IlHan looked at Kang MiRae after hearing those words, she firmly nodded while picking up her phone.

“I’ll use all the support I can get. That should be possible. However, I do wish for some help from other countries. Physical isolation does not mean anything. We need ability users, enough of them to surround the entire Seoul.

“There should be no idiots who won’t send their ability users in this matter, miss Kang. Of course, I can guarantee that we of England will come to a just decision.”

It was Michael Smithson. Even though he looked like a fool when he was naggy about holding monsters in place in order to kill them despite not having any offensive abilities, he seemed to have reason at least.

It was funny how he was still glaring at Yu IlHan, but Yu IlHan inwardly raised his evaluation on him.

“Ned should be setting up battlefield environments. Even though we did gather a sufficiently wide area, it’s still not enough, so we need to hurry. Moreover, there are too many obstacles.”

“Is the evacuation of the citizens completely done? Oh, if possible, I want to know one of those wolf monster’s weaknesses at least.”

“I thought it wouldn’t work, but attacking using weights worked with 3rd class beings as well, at least until level 130. Since we’re removing them, I don’t think it will be so bad to install some bombs in those high-rise buildings and use them.”

Most of the people here were representatives of a faction, so they were perfect in coming up with countermeasures.

Under the condition that they had to fight together with a group of monsters even while fighting against all monsters, they started coming up with methods to reduce human casualties to the minimum possible, and bring back victory.

The people didn’t just end with words. From the moment many suggestions acquired agreement from many, they were being carried out one by one. This matter was already told to all the higher ups in the world. Even the ability user factions who were just watching the situation now, and even the military started moving.

“But then.”

Asked Kang HaJin to Yu IlHan.

“What are you going to do? Although it’s very embarrassing for us, we may need to come up with new tactics according to how you move.”

“The forces of our enemies are 130 thousand, 30 thousand being 3rd class, and 6 being 4th class, from what I’ve heard.”

Yu IlHan’s reply made Kang HaJin speechless. Yu IlHan laughed lightly. If he told him how many 4th class dragons there were in Dareu, he might fall into shock and die.

“For your reference, excluding the wolfkin we’ve slayed, the scale of our allies are 50 thousand, 13 thousand being 3rd class, and 2 being 4th class including the Royal Guard here.”

“Oh my god.”

All the people who were moving around busily in order to consolidate their tactics collapsed on the spot after listening to the differences in their fighting power.

Well, human forces numbered much larger, but the people here knew very well the difference in destructive power between each classes.

Especially 4th classes, the one that was about to bring about a disaster to the Kantou region! And the biggest reason why the humans didn’t attack the wolf monsters when they stopped in unison!

“I’m going over to the other side.

As such, Susanoo’s declaration sounded like their lives were saved.

“In order to prevent the 4th classes from coming over to this side, I’m planning to clean them up myself over there.”

“……”

Thanks to the cool and firm declaration, Kang HaJin exclaimed.

Kang MiRae couldn’t hear that as she was calling orders while moving, but Na YuNa, who was right next to him, heard it and burst out laughing.

“Is that so…”

Takagaki Asuha, the clan master of the Magic Dragon clan, nodded calmly instead of Kang HaJin before asking.

“But when you say 4th class, do you mean including that one?”

“Of course.”

The one she pointed to was the captain of the Royal Guards, Flemir. Yu IlHan was satisfied that she pointed out an important point immediately and nodded with a smile.

“They will never be able to come over here to Earth.”

The moment he said that, Flemir shouted.

“We’re at our limit. They will start coming over as well!”

“Then everyone, please start.”

Shortly declared Yu IlHan before moving immediately. First, he gave Yumir in his arms over to Liera and asked her.

“It will be fine for you if it’s just flying around with him in his arms, right?”

[Of course, I’m a 6th class. Although direct interference is impossible, there’s no problem with protecting myself.] (Liera)

“Yes, then Yumir.”

Yu IlHan nodded at Liera, who declared confidently, before turning his gaze to Yumir. He was preparing to shoot magic at any time while overlapping the mana he had piled up during multiple level ups last time.

“Don’t hold back on your mana, and kill them all. If you wait here patiently while levelling up, then dad will come back soon.”

“Yeah! I will kill them all!”

Such was the conversation between a newborn who was born less than 24 hours ago, and a father.

Continuing on, he looked at the elves as well. They looked like they would follow Yu IlHan, but he lightly shook his head when they accepted it even while looking slightly disappointed.

It was insufficient with just the humans here. They, with their legend ranked equipments, had to hold out here in order to block 3rd classes.

“Then Erta, let’s go.”

[I was waiting for those words.] (Erta)

With Erta on his head, Yu IlHan headed to Flemir. Making his direct subordinates retreat a few steps, he was glaring at the gate at the closest position possible.

Was he worried about his own kin who should be fighting beyond the gate? Or was he worried about the enemies coming over to this side?

Whatever the case, Yu IlHan couldn’t care less. He would know soon anyway.

“You’re coming with me.”

“What do you, I’m remaini-”

“You need to come with me and kill enemy captains!”

Before he even finished speaking, Yu IlHan deployed Superhuman Strength and kicked him over the gate.”

“Uaaah!”

After confirming that Flemir had fell into the gate, Yu IlHan flicked his fingers, when, the spears of lightning he had collected last time, fell into the surroundings of the gate. This was an overwhelming scene.

“This should be enough.”

Not to mention enough, it was near perfect. Yu IlHan exclaimed in impression at his own work, before sending a simple message on how to use the fence of giant spears to Kang MiRae. Then, he threw his body into the gate.

After the long gate, was a country of snow.

[C, cold!] (Erta)

It was snowing everywhere, and the place that once should’ve been a plain had formed a beautiful white. Of course, it was being tainted real time with blood, flesh and bones.

“I’m not cold at all.”

[This, is, Abandon, World!] (Erta)

So what, she wanted to say she can’t use her angel powers because this is an Abandoned World?

Yu IlHan decided to let Erta be when he saw that she was making herself shrink even smaller in order to get in the gap between his hair and his helmet. It would probably be safer there as well.

“Good, I definitely did become stronger.”

Coming out from the gate, he could feel power in his body. Not only was there a higher concentration of mana here as this was a world which had gone through its 2nd Great Cataclysm, he had also raised the level of Angel’s Support skill so all of his abilities were being strengthened by around 30%.

His stats, which were already higher than other people, were being enhanced yet again, so from his stats alone, he would be nearly level 200

“Shit, that guy sent me here aga……!”

Meanwhile, Flemir, who had fallen nearby, muttered while gritting his teeth without even knowing that Yu IlHan had followed him. Around the gate, countless 2nd class wolves were throwing their bodies inside the gate, but unlike the wolfkin who had black fur, they all had red fur. Yu Ilhan confirmed that they were the small fries moving under Destruction Demon Army.

Flemir also saw that and rampaged with his eyes flipped.

“Kroaaar! You dare ignore me!”

When he roared despite being in human form, and waved his hand, a black claw of mana popped out of thin air and slashed apart the wolves around.

However, regardless of how many tens or hundreds of wolves were dying or not, the red wolves were only charging to the gate.

“So you’re back, Flemir! How nice to see you!”

“You bastard, Ikedka!”

Along with the stereotypical villain line, someone charged towards Flemir! While Flemir was fighting against that guy, Yu IlHan raised his head and looked at his surroundings.

“It’s a complete battlefield.”

[Those wolves, I think they’re chasing the black wolves.] (Erta)

The number of black wolves that charged through the gate numbered a little less than 30 thousand. There were more than 20 thousand black wolves left, but the red wolves were trying to prevent them from going through the gate while charging into it themselves.

And he could see another humanoid wolfkin blocking them from another side. Hm, it seemed that there were indeed two 4th class wolfkin. Flemir hadn’t lied about that point.

[But Yu IlHan, there’s something I don’t understand.] (Erta)

Coincidentally, Erta pointed it out.

[Those red wolves, of course, they are under Destruction Demon Army so they should be aiming for Earth, but aren’t they getting their priorities messed up? Isn’t it normal to aim for Earth after exterminating all the wolfkin?] (Erta)

“Of course that’s the normal way.”

[Then why are they ignoring the wolfkin here and are trying to go over to Earth?] (Erta)

“Because they want to exterminate the wolfkin.”

[Are you playing with words on me…… Oh.] (Erta)

Erta exclaimed in realization. Then she looked back on the error she had committed.

Just because the royal guards had humanoid form, it didn’t mean that wolfkin royalty would have them either.

[So the royalty of the wolfkin had already gone over to Earth!?] (Erta)

“Of course, there’s no way Flemir would be so enraged if that wasn’t the case.”

Replied Yu IlHan in a leisurely manner.

His words were correct. Flemir had ended up leaving behind the target he had to protect on Earth, and was fighting against his enemies while expressing his rage.”

“Uaaah! Shirrr!”

“Kuhahahahahah! Your despair makes me joyful! Slowly recount to me what happened to you!”

Killing was happening everywhere. The black wolves were desperately blocking the red wolves, and the red wolves were crushing them with superior quantity and quality.

From how the 4th class beings on the red wolves’ side couldn’t be seen anywhere, it seemed they were optimistic about the situation and were moving around quite slowly.

Just one, there’s one who’s over-classed.

“That guy’s too strong for me right now. I knew I should’ve come over to this side. I need to keep that guy in some way or another in this place.”

[It’s impossible now, but how are you going to do it?] (Erta)

“That, you’ll see from now.”

Muttering with a laugh, Yu IlHan moved his body.

It was truly funny. Even though snow had covered this wide expanse of land, the places he went past had no traces at all. This was the power of a concealment master, and a pancosmic loner!

“Now I don’t feel so good.”

[You’re feeling things. So Yu IlHan, what is it that you will show me?] (Erta)

Many wolves had gone over to Earth. However, he could dare to say that those were the minority.

Disregarding black or red, there were still 120 thousand wolves here on the snowy plains. What more, all 8 of the 4th classes were still here.

“What do you mean what.”

Yu IlHan Laughed. It was a ‘smile’ befitting a truly evil ‘deathgod’.

“It’s nothing other than complete obliteration.”

The moment Yu IlHan’s words ended.

Hundreds of dragon bone spears rained from the sky and assaulted the wolves!



Chapter 114

[You have earned 3,102,394 experience.]

[You have earned 4,129,223 experience.]

[You have earned 3,001,925 experience.]

[You have……]

[The skill, Absolute accuracy, has become level 19. Accuracy increases and power increases by a small margin.]

Although the majority were 2nd classes, it seems there were quite a few 3rd classes amongst them.

The hundreds of bone spears that fell down like rain from the skies with hundreds of thousands of tons divided up amongst them, did not differentiate black or red wolf and brought fair death upon all and gave Yu IlHan an amount of experience that made him smile.

However, it was something else that made him even more delighted.

[You have killed 281 monsters continuously within 5 minutes with concealment still intact. Due to the skill, Deathgod, all abilities increase by 28.1%.]

That was the Deathgod skill. He couldn’t use this in Dareu as he could not keep his concealment against 3rd class dragonkin or the dragons.

Although there was the monstrous restriction to have to kill enemies continuously within 5 minutes, in a battlefield like this, this option would be brought out to its maximum. The reason Yu IlHan charged into the gate comparatively confidently was also because he believed in Deathgod skill.

“Although it isn’t as good as fighting dragonkin with the Black bone giant spear, if it’s this.”

Yu IlHan felt the boiling power in his body and laughed before clicking his fingers again. The spears made from dragon bones that were collected along with the monsters he had killed with them, fell upon once again on the battlefield.

As he had avoided the places where there were ones he couldn’t kill with a single strike on purpose, the bone spears, each weighing over a thousand tons, picked out the 2nd classes and the weaker 3rd classes precisely and put them to death.

[You have earned 6,758,019 ex……]

[You have…….]

[The skill, Absolute accuracy, has become level 21. Usage of the skills become more free.]

As there was a limit to Yu IlHan’s Deathgod skill, his ability increase stopped with 62%, but experience still piled up. It piled up like mad.

Yu IlHan used every ounce of power he could use to sense magic power in order to desperately aim for only the ones he could kill ‘with a single strike’. As he had the Absolute accuracy skill, it wasn’t even that hard.

If one of them survived, then it would be quite a big matter. Yu IlHan’s concealment would wear off, and the Deathgod skill he had piled up would also dissipate. Well, he could conceal himself again and kill hundreds more.

[You have…….]

[You have…….]

[You have become level 138. 1 Strength, 2 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

“Wow, finally levelled up by 1. I feel like it’s been a long time.”

[Stop right there.] (Erta)

His enemies were dumbfounded in panic due to the mysterious attacks, but like that, 30 thousand black and red wolves were butchered within 20 minutes when they realized that something serious was happening.

Only Flemir, who couldn’t go back to Earth due to fighting against the Destruction Demon Army, and couldn’t stop the slaughtering of his own kin shouted in frustration.

“Kuaaah! Just what do you want to do!”

What do you mean what, of course it’s level ups.

Hummed Yu IlHan while moving. As he had to find numerous enemies at once and shoot his spears, his brain was quite pressured, but as the Absolute accuracy skill rose in level, it was also becoming quite easy.

Moreover, this pain was a pain that made him advance. Yu IlHan thought it was even fun.

“Khya, it’s definitely here.”

“How can I not feel the ripples in mana!?”

“We can only search everywhere.”

The 4th classes belonging to Destruction Demon Army now came into his range. From what Erta confirmed, there were no higher existences here, so Yu IlHan could also move around with ease.

Yes, it’s about time to decrease their numbers too.

‘Let’s see, that guy looks the easiest.’

He could see a 4th class wolf, well, humanoid wolfkin belonging to the Destruction Demon Army, that was slightly lacking than Flemir. The name was so long, so he decided to call it DD-wolf. 1

[You will use the pile bunker, right?] (Erta)

It was no ordinary pile bunker. What Erta was talking about was the single-time-use pile bunker he had invested the 4th class magic stone on, and one that had an attack power of over 10 thousand. However, Yu IlHan shook his head.

“No, now that I’m strengthened thanks to Deathgod and can use Blaze, the situation is slightly different.”

Moreover, Yu IlHan’s weapon was the epic ranked Eight-tailed dragon spear that had a pure attack power of 7,000 even without the dragonkin adjustment.

“*Sniff, sniff*, can you smell something burning?”

As DD-wolf belonged to the dog family with advanced senses, it seemed that he had found a trace of Yu IlHan in concealment, albeit a little.

4th classes were different after all! – shouted Yu IlHan in exclamation as he struck out his spear.

“Here, your neck is burning!”

Options from his class as a Blazing reaper, 40% increase in attack with surprise attacks, 30% increase against life forms, 25% increase with his robe, 62% from Deathgod, on top of all that, Blaze, purple flames, and superhuman strength were added in order to draw the flawless trajectory and slash at the DD-wolf’s neck!

[Critical Hit!]

And all that damage was instantly doubled. The enemy’s neck was severed like that and died without being able to make a sound.

[You have earned 531,908,117 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 204 Raising Claw Wolf.]

Whether Yu IlHan shouts in a loud voice, or tap-dances while singing the national anthem, his concealment would not wear off as long as he succeeds in killing the enemy in one strike.

This guy wasn’t the weak mage, and so Yu IlHan didn’t think that he would be able to kill it in a single strike and he thought himself to be lucky when a critical hit popped up.

[It must be because it’s an Abandoned World. Yes. It’s because it’s an Abandoned World……] (Erta)

“Next one coming. It will be a close combat if there’s no critical hit so you be careful too.”

Thousands of 2nd and 3rd classes were dying and a single 4th class dying were on completely different levels.

As he had killed too swiftly, all the beings here didn’t know, but from how the red and black wolves were howling loudly, they would probably find out soon.

‘Then the next opponent is…… Tch!’

A being that poured cold water on his good feelings, appeared.

The over classed, huge humanoid wolfkin that looked like it was over level 230, and one that Yu IlHan wished for to move the slowest, started rushing towards the gate in a straight line!

[Kuhuuu, It seems there’s something important to everyone here beyond that gate! I don’t have any thoughts in playing in the field you guys made here!]

You’re so smart despite your size!

Its charging speed was frightening. Moreover, all wolves were obliterated into meat paste regardless of their color, and the roar it gave out made the sky and earth tremble. That was a humanoid tank right there! Yu IlHan tried dropping a spear on it but it was useless as it did not get hit.

“Damn, Red demon wolf Quesad……!”

“Where do you think you’re going, Felmir!”

“Eek, dammit…… Kiana! You need to stop Quesad, he’s going to the gate!”

It seemed the other 4th class ally was named Kiana. And coincidentally, it seemed the one named Kiana succeeded in slaying its enemy and started rushing towards the demon wolf, Quesad, that Flemir had talked about!

“Don’t you dare! You’re mine!”

“Damned traitor, begone!”

One of the 4th class DD-wolves that charged throughout the battlefield in search for Yu IlHan assaulted Kiana. Kiana dodged to the best of its abilities and rushed with only Quesad in its sight. And succeeded in holding it back before Quesad reached the gate!

However.

[Kuha!]

“Cough!”

Unfortunately, Quesad was 15 levels or more higher.

15 levels difference in 4th class was no different from an unsurpassable 4 dimensional wall. When Quesad swung its sword, the longsword in Kiana’s hands snapped exactly in half.

[I! am the one who carries out the will of the Destruction Demon Army! Under their will, I will bring about new history of wolfkin, and conquer this world!]

“I won’t let youuu!”

However, will sometimes surpassed systems like levels! Kiana was enveloped by her will to protect the wolfkin royalty and squeezed out all of the mana in her body. When she did, a blade of mana newly protruded out on top of the broken sword!

Grabbing that, Kiana courageously went against Quesad.

A giant, and a comparatively tiny young wolf. It was as if looking at the fight between David and Goliath. Quesad raised both of its fists and put them together before striking down towards Kiana, and Kiana pierced with the mana blade it had brought out with all its remaining power!

“Kuhak!”

[Kuoooh!]

The result soon appeared. At the same time Kiana’s sword made a big hole in Quesad’s chest, Quesad’s two fists smashed Kiana’s head.

Quesad could move with a hole on its chest, but Kiana without a head could not move any more. Obviously, it had died.

“Damn useless thing!”

Bullshit David and Goliath, it was just done in! In a few seconds too!

[But its wound is deep. Yu IlHan, attack before it recovers!] (Erta)

“I know!”

Yu IlHan also charged. However, with the exception of the DD-wolf holding down Flemir, the other two were rushing forward in order to help Quesad.

“Where……. do you think you’re going!”

Naturally, 4th class wolf monsters would be faster than Yu IlHan. However, the current Yu IlHan’s stats were multiplied due to the harmony of Deathgod and Angel’s Support skills!

On top of that, he activated leap not vertically but horizontally, and re-leaped mid way in order to accelerate even more, so an unbelievable human bullet was created.

While Goliath, no, Quesad’s face was becoming close real time, Yu IlHan took out the pile bunker. The single time-use pile bunker he invested a 4th class magic stone into!

Although he wanted to cry for using it, but this was exactly the moment he had to use it as he could not use the remote collection inventory. He could not let a monster like that go over to Earth.

“Eat this!”

With his flying momentum, Yu IlHan smashed the pile bunker into the big hole made by Kiana’s mana-filled sword strike.

The moment it was about to realize Yu IlHan presence due to concealment wearing off, the pile bunker was ejected due to the shock and pierced its body!

bbbooom!

A monstrous quake resounded out as if the skies were collapsing. As if an Earthquake had happened, the weaker monsters even fell down without gaining balance.

From the moment it ejected the pile bunker, the launcher was destroyed into pieces, and due to the massive explosion that happened within its body, Quesad puked blood along with a painful groan.

However, even after receiving a hit from his strongest attack, it was still alive. There should be a limit to tanking! Yu IlHan used the rebound from the explosion to land nearby and panted.

“You really are a monster.”

[Kuhuhahaaa! You’ve finally shown yourself!]

Moreover, didn’t it sound like it had waited for this moment? It had thrown its body while believing in its sturdy body.

[The lords may have a good impression of you, but not to me. Even though you are a mere human who has to borrow power from other places because you were born weak! How dare you try to join the Destruction Demon Army! I cannot accept it!]

“I don’t have any thoughts in joining either!”

Kicking off the ground, Yu IlHan assaulted towards it. From some time, a spear was in his hand and was aiming for the wound he had drilled with the pile bunker.

However, Quesad was the best enemy he had met who could use a peak-level martial art with a humanoid body.

Moreover, he possessed superior strength and reflexes, so it saw through Yu IlHan’s move instantly and counterattacked with its thicker-than-a-tree leg!

“Kuak!”

Yu IlHan couldn’t even ‘extend his spear once’ before flying back through the air. It was a truly refreshing strike and a reaction. 2

If this was a comedy manga, he would be able to land on his feet, but reality wasn’t so sweet. Despite being protected by sturdy armor, Yu IlHan felt that a few of his ribs were broken and had to roll on the snowy ground several times.

[Mm.]

Voiced Quesad in satisfaction.

[Let’s see with my eyes the Earth you want to protect so m-]

And collapsed on the ground.

A moment later, a scarlet line of fire could be seen from the wound on its chest to its head, and like manga, its head halved.

[You have earned 2,871,192,995 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 233 Blood Fenrir.]

[The skill, Blaze, has become level 9. The firepower increases even more.]

[The skill, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, has become level 18. The power increases even more.]

“…..*Burp*. Gosh that’s strong.”

Confident of the enemy’s death, Yu IlHan didn’t even think about getting up from that place and sucked on a Breath-filled cheer pack while thinking. Spear of Untraceable Trajectory is OP after all.

“H, how can this be.”

“Quesad, Quesad died to a mere human……”

The surviving DD-wolves couldn’t hide their shock at Quesad’s death. Flemir, who saw that the DD-wolf he was facing was stiff, achieved 1 kill in the confusion.

With that, there were 3 4th class monsters including Flemir. They were all at a laughable level compared to the Blood Fenrir Quesad.

‘Now, let’s clean up the rest.’

Confirming that his broken ribs had healed with Transcendent Regeneration, Yu IlHan smirked. As all the gazes were fixed to the demon wolf, he had of course, succeeded in concealing himself. This was also the reason he received the kick from Quesad in the first place.

‘But that hurt too much.’

[Like I said, you shouldn’t overdo it. This guy, sheesh. You’re such a bad guy.] (Erta)

‘I only chose the surefire and safe method.’

Replying to Erta’s out-of-personality grumbling, Yu IlHan flicked his fingers. Hundreds of bone spears appeared in the air and pierced the wolves to death.

As this was an attack he was using with the inventory’s remote collection function, the weight transfer function and gravity, he could only attack from top-down, but it was too fast, and too absurd, and were even affected by Absolute accuracy, it was also an attack that could not fail.

By the time the 4th class monsters realized that their enemy was still alive and succeeded in concealing himself, it was too late to do anything.



Chapter 115

[Kroaaar!]

[Kihak!]

[You have earned 12,019,283 experience.]

[You have earned 7,985,102 experience.]

[You have…….]

Chaos was ensuing on the battlefield. Even now, hundreds of wolves, regardless of their affiliation, died every second. The time it took for hundreds of dead wolves to become thousands, and thousands to become tens of thousands was a matter of moments.

“Ah, aaah”

“Quesad, even Quesad is dead. We cannot kill him!”

The wolf corpses immediately went into Yu IlHan’s inventory upon death, so all that remained on the white, snowy plains were footprints and traces of blood. Yu IlHan used the snowy plains as the canvas, dragon bone spears as the brush, and blood of the wolves as ink to paint a masterpiece of devastation.

“Ah goddammit. The headache…”

[You really have an exceptional sense of spatial recognition. I think you’d do well with magic too.] (Erta)

“This is enough. Gate of B-”

[Stop right there!] (Erta)

As he had begun with killing the low levelled ones, it was a difficult task to find any more 2nd class wolves. As such, he had to change tactics, and what he came up with was to throw more than one spear at those he couldn’t kill with a single strike!

Doing that, his killing speed decreased but his concealment would not wear off, and since his concealment would not wear off, the skill, Deathgod, was kept active. It was killing two birds with one stone. 

Just as Yu IlHan was growing in regards to the application of inventory in actual combat, the 4th class wolves who bore witness to the disaster that rained upon their kin, fell deep into despair and became enraged.

“Flemir! If you hadn’t killed Ikedka, we could have ripped apart that damned human!”

“You are no longer a wolfkin. Even if you kill that human, it does not mean victory for the wolfkin. Also……”

Flemir could not find any target to vent his rage so he clenched his teeth while facing against the DD-wolves who were growling at him.

He had watched as Quesad, the strongest wolfkin in Kiroa, being easily put to death by a human. Despite the fact that it was only possible because his ally, Kiana, had seriously injured it with her life as the tradeoff, Flemir did not believe that he could have killed Quesad even under the same conditions.

No, he would have become incapacitated with the first kick. Also, the spear strike that preceded Quesad’s final moments… honestly, he wasn’t even able to see it properly.

That human, had power at a level unbelievable for a human. It was hard for him to believe that this guy was from the same ‘human race’ that once lived in Kiroa.

‘Dragon’s father……. He does have the qualifications.’

Flemir just closed his eyes. He already knew what went wrong for everything to become like this.

Requesting an alliance with the humans on Earth? Trying to deceive him?

No. From the moment they tried to use Earth in order to save themselves, this ending was set in stone.

What could I do? What do I need to do? Is the princess safe? Perhaps the other humans are killing all the black wolves like that human? Will I be able to survive this predicament?

Countless questions flashed through his head and despair creeped into his heart. Meanwhile, an extremely small noise could be heard right next to him.

“KKaaak!”

Turning his head, he witnessed a scene where the neck of one of the surviving DD-wolves being slashed, and its corpse pitifully falling onto the ground. The figure of the human disaster was also there. He couldn’t kill it instantly due to there being no critical hit this time.

Although, that wolf died immediately after he dealt a few more strikes using his Spear of Untraceable Trajectory!

[You have earned 820,224,008 experience.]

“Huaaah”

With that, there are only 2 more 4th classes left – Yu IlHan muttered to himself and retracted his spear when the wolf-man next to Flemir, ran while howling like a madman.

“Don’t you dare!”

“Kyaoooh!”

Noticing its movement, Yu IlHan quickly threw his spear, but as if having predicted it, that guy transformed into wolf form from the humanoid form and the spear missed.

[So they have methods to turn back into wolves!] (Erta)

“You must be sooo happy to have acquired new knowledge, huh!”

Without a moment’s hesitation, Yu IlHan threw his spear again. It did hit its target, but it was nowhere near enough to give a fatal wound, and the wolf did not even think about fighting back and disappeared into the gate with a spear stuck on its ass.

“What the hell? Is that guy really a 4th class?”

[It’s also the first time I’ve seen such a shameless 4th class…….] (Erta)

Yu IlHan thought about chasing it, but thinking back to what he messaged the Empress before, he shook his head. If she used his giant spears, she would have plenty of chances to kill that wolf. Moreover, since he put a spear on its hind, she wouldn’t miss that either.

Moreover, it was time for mankind to experience and overcome 4th classes. Yu IlHan couldn’t protect them forever! Only when humanity suffered as a whole did Yu IlHan’s humanity strengthening project have a meaning!

“And so.”

While Yu IlHan killed the wolves that were throwing themselves into the gate and collecting his spears, he talked to Flemir.

“Why aren’t you following it? You have a reason to, no?”

Even though his current multi-tasking had a tremendous impact on his brain, his facial expression was cold and firm any ripples.

As he had experience reading several books at once in order to read them faster, perhaps that ‘training’ might have helped him out.

[Such an idiotic method of training……] (Erta)

“I said don’t read my mind.”

Just as Erta and Yu IlHan’s leisurely banter was about to continue, Flemir opened his mouth.

“So, you knew after all?”

A word containing a sense of futility without any emotions. Yu IlHan naturally nodded his head. More than a hundred wolves died yet again.

“Do you think I have udon noodles for my brain?”

“…….I’m sorry.”

“You don’t have to be. I can just kill them all.”

Flicking his hand again, a baptism of dragon bones fell once again. Since the remaining monsters were only the elites , the monsters that were killed due to the vertically falling spears were only around 1/10. In other words, tens out of hundreds died every round.

“Eii!”

Having calculated the delay of his control and the actual results from his inventory through using remote collection continuously, Yu IlHan now bundled tens of spears in sets of smaller but quicker barrages.

“Kyaoooh!”

Even the monsters that avoided the fist strike could not continuously dodge the shower of spears that were falling on them as if having read their movement trajectories. The 3rd class wolves that finally learned the trick to dodging all fairly met their deaths yet again. Now, there were less than 20 thousand wolves remaining even after counting every single wolf.

[Aah, that horrifying skill is being developed further.] (Erta)

Regardless of Erta’s despair, Yu IlHan’s spear rain did not end. Monsters continued dying with no end in sight.

Yu IlHan’s concealment had long since worn off, but the monsters did not even attack him. They could only helplessly fling their bodies towards the gate in order to survive.

They were all the same regardless of black or red. True unity was achieved. Yu IlHan didn’t care about that though. He only decided to believe in the humans that should be fighting beyond the gate.

Meanwhile, a delightful message popped up on his retina.

[You have become level 140. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

“Yay!”

Feeling his strength, agility, health and magic increasing, Yu IlHan was delighted.

He really did feel frustrated. He wiped out wolves on the scale of hundreds of thousands that fought with their destiny of their world on the line, but he only leveled up thrice! Of course, unlike Dareu, the majority were weak, and he did that within a single day, but even so!

However, just as Yu IlHan was about to raise his hand after leaving his joy aside, Flemir prostrated himself on the ground.2

“Please forgive us!”

“Don’t wanna.”

“I cannot let the wolfkin go extinct like this, please!”

“Don’t wanna.”

Wasn’t this too different from the dragons he allied with, and the elves who served him as their emperor? In the first place, these guys had made the humans go extinct of their own will, even though the Destruction Demon Army had been pulling the strings.

And regardless of where they belonged to, they thought of Earth as their prey. Double the sin. Execution.

Above all, decisively,

“Why the hell should I believe you?”

“However!”

“There is a method!”

Someone other than Flemir shouted. Hearing the clear female voice, Yu IlHan tilted his head while turning it, and could see a black-haired woman who stood there.

Furry black wolf ears could be seen on the head, and despite the leather and metal armor, the glamorous body line couldn’t be hidden. Especially around the chest area which was tightened by the sturdy metal armor and looked stuffy as hell.

“P, princess!? How!”

“I came here myself, Flemir.”

“Why!”

From how Flemir, who was horrible at acting, was calling her princess with a panicked expression, it seemed this girlie was indeed the wolfkin princess. From how she said that she came here herself, it seemed also true that she had gone over to Earth, and came back here to Kiroa.

However…… Yu IlHan had some questions.

“There were only wolves on the other side other than Flemir, though?”

“Among the wolfkin, those who have received the baptism of the moon can freely change between their humanoid and wolven forms. I am one of them.”

The princess answered, and Yu IlHan acknowledged his mistake. He was mistaken since only the 4th class ones had humanoid forms, but it seemed it wasn’t like that.

It wasn’t that only 4th classes could change to humanoid forms, but the correct answer should be something along the lines of ‘there is a higher chance of becoming a 4th class after gaining the ability to transform into humanoid form through the baptism of the moon’.

“So, why did you come over knowing that it’s more dangerous here?”

“I have predicted one thing after seeing that both wolfkin and those tempted by the Destruction Demon Army, were charging out in fear from the gate from the other side. Moreover, I could be sure after seeing Melod…….the poor wolf that was tempted by the Destruction Demon Army, coming out of the gate as if trying to run away from something; that you were enraged, and decided to destroy the wolfkin.”

Perhaps due to being royalty, it seemed her head was quite a bit better than Flemir’s. And so, she came back to Kiroa, when she was supposed to be hiding on Earth, since she saw that the wolfkin were about to go extinct, and she had wanted to prevent that.

For a royalty, she had quite a good sense of responsibility. Although, there were less than a third of the wolfkin left.

“There are more royalties, no?”

“None. I’m the only survivor.”

“Really?”

Yu IlHan raised his hand. At that moment, Flemir desperately lowered his head while shouting.

“Please let the princess go! I will do anything!”

“No, it’s fine. I don’t need any of you.”

“How about all of the wolfkin! Rule over the surviving wolfkin!”

This time, the shout was from the princess. Such a kind heart for her people. Yu IlHan laughed again.

“I can’t believe you, and I don’t need you guys either.”

“I will make you be able to believe us! And there will definitely come a day where you will need our help!”

As if retorting, Yu IlHan flicked his fingers after hearing the princess’s confident words.

Hundreds of dragon bone spears rained once again, but this time, only towards the red wolves.

“Aah.”

Seeing that scene, the princess sighed in relief. However, Yu IlHan flicked his fingers again and asked her.

“And? How will you make me believe you?”

The princess answered,

“I’ve overheard the elves talking; that you have the skill ‘Rule’.”

Why are you guys talking about that! – Yu IlHan swore at the elves, when the princess declared confidently.

“If you rule over my life using the skill, then all wolfkin will have no choice but to obey you!”

Listening to her words, Yu IlHan thought.

Huh? I think I’ve seen this scenario somewhere before.



Chapter 116

“The Destruction Demon Army told us: The connection to Earth cannot be severed, and that even more worlds will be connected to Earth later! Earth will be placed in the center of all battlefields, and countless experts shall gather to conquer the land of mysticism!”

Somehow, it sounded like a game prologue.

“As such, you will need an army. An army that you can trust your back with. We shall become that power!”

“And therefore, you want me to spare you.”

“Yes.”

The princess immediately kneeled down. Even while shaking from nervousness, Flemir gathered the black wolves just in case the red ones attacked.

“Hm.”

Yu IlHan flicked his fingers again and butchered only the red wolves again, but inside, he was quite conflicted.

‘It’s true that this girlie won’t be able to betray me if I use the Rule skill on her. However, just how much significance does a wolfkin royalty have for her to say that those guys will follow me too? Can’t they just declare someone else as royalty and stab me in the back anyway?’

“The wolfkin is centered around the royalty. Without the special power from the baptism containing the blood of the royalty, wolfkin cannot be blessed by the moon. This is also the reason why the Destruction Demon Army tried to capture and not kill me. Without me, the wolfkin will go extinct.”

Explained the princess as if having read his mind. She then continued,

“The only surviving royalty is me. No, if you put me under your rule and ask me then, then I will have no choice but to answer the truth, so it will be easier to find out.”

“You’re quite desperate.”

“I want to survive. Also, I want to let them survive.”

Yu IlHan could feel that the princess wasn’t lying. Yes, since it was the truth, it was all the more laughable. He snorted.

“That’s why you should have thought about where you set foot in.”

The princess bit her lips. When she looked at Flemir momentarily, he only lowered his head in embarrassment. Yu IlHan now knew who exactly was behind the plan to invade earth, but since it should have been the princess who gave the final approval, he had no plans on letting her off easy.

“I will not make any excuses. I just want you to understand that we’re that desperate. If you listen to me, if you accept me as your subordinate, then I will do anything for you. Even if it maybe licking your boots.”

“Nah, that’s dirty so no.”

“If so! Then I-”

Yu IlHan thought for a moment before asking Erta.

“What do you think I should do?”

[…….Thinking about how a new woman is about to be stuck to you, I don’t feel that well.] (Erta)

“……Huh?”

[N, nothing at all! If you can rule over a massive monster army like that, then you should. Only if you can completely subdue them. Yes, of course.] (Erta)

Somehow, the angels around him nowadays were behaving quite strangely, what exactly was happening? While tilting his head and scratching his ear, Yu IlHan nodded his head. He then flicked his fingers once again.

“Kuaaah!”

“Kgwaaahk”

Over 400 dragon bone spears. They didn’t show the slightest sign of cracks even after hundreds of throws, despite having ended the life of all the howling red wolves on this land.

With that, in this world of Kiroa at least, wolfkin that belonged to the Destruction Demon Army did not exist any more. Well, at least among those that took part in this war.

“Very well.”

Emotionally speaking, he could never accept this, but Yu IlHan wasn’t an idiot who decided everything based on his emotions.

If it was Yu IlHan alone, then he had the resolve and confidence to survive anywhere and everywhere, but if all other people of Earth died and Yu IlHan was left alone, then there would be no more people to play tic-tac-toe with, would there? Well, there wasn’t anyone to play with him in the first place, but still!

“I accept your suggestion.”

“Thank you very much!”

“Dammit.”

While the princess was being thankful to the point that she was even banging her head on the ground, Flemir was frowning due to his complicated emotions. From that, it did seem like the princess wasn’t lying.

“Then please, immediately subordinate me!”

“But wait. I don’t think I have any room in the ski-”

Muttering, Yu IlHan checked the information on his status, and the Rule skill amongst that, and he was surprised to find out that the level of it had already reached 13. The reason was simple. It seemed that Yumir and the elves were going on quite the rampage, and as such, his skill level was rising rapidly.

He had plenty of room. He could probably take an additional 7 on top of the princess.

“Scratch that. Let’s hurry then.”

“Yes!”

Extending his hand, Yu IlHan activated the Rule skill. Flemir looked like he wanted to stop it at all costs. While Yu IlHan was thinking that Flemir was not cut out for acting at all, the Rule skill had safely subordinated her.

[Moon Wolf, Ericia, has been subordinated to you. Ericia’s growth rate accelerates. You are now able to see Ericia’s status.]

It wasn’t like he was going to raise her well, but he still opened her status just in case she had lied, but it seemed like she was definitely the princess of the wolfkin; One of her titles was ‘Blessing of the Moon Goddess’.

“Level 85. Aren’t ya weak.”

“It has not been a long time since Her Ladyship was bo-”

“Flemir, do not call me politely in front of my master.”

“Yes!”

Just as Yu IlHan was about to say that addressing each other using titles was tedious, he came to a conclusion that it didn’t matter at all, as the two wolves looked very serious. To be exact, he couldn’t be bothered to meddle.

Now that he had subordinated her, if anything became different, it was the attitude of the surviving black wolves. Although the wolves still possessed remnants of fear and hostility towards Yu IlHan, they were still kneeling down and paying their respects.

Nearly ten thousand wolves paying their respects to him wasn’t such a bad feeling. He wasn’t used to receiving attention, but that didn’t matter since they all lowered their heads towards him. Satisfied, Yu IlHan looked at the surroundings. He still couldn’t see any red wolves.

“Then let’s go clean up quickly.”

“Yes, master.”

The princess went into the gate first. Flemir looked at Yu IlHan with an expression that he wanted to say something, but soon frowned and followed her into the gate. Looking at their backs, Yu IlHan tilted his head.

“Hey, are they dating each other?”

[Perhaps.] (Erta)

Said Erta in a tone like she reeeaaallly wanted them to be. So this angel was meddling in other’s love affairs now? Yu IlHan ended up laughing.

“I don’t want to accept that guy as a subordinate either, but if they want to marry then I can just accept him as subordinate and make them marry.”

[And the child born from the two?] (Erta)

“Free slave acquired.”

[Slave-born-slave treatment!?!!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan headed into the gate. What was left behind was the ten thousand wolves that still had their heads on the ground, and the snowy plains blanched in blood..

“Defend that side!”

“Hold out, on the right! Hold out a little more!”

“Kroaaang!”

Beyond the gate was a total mess. Black and red wolves were howling, and human shouts filled the land.

Brave people, cowardly people, and the four elves that stood out despite having concealed their appearances using artifacts, and a roughly 7-year old child that was sweeping the wolves with frightening magic in an angel’s bosom! Wait, he got bigger again!

“Susanoo!?”

Michael Smithson, who managed to see Yu IlHan’s figure, shouted in a loud voice. Just as Yu IlHan was thinking that this guy maybe liked him, the majority of the humankind people abruptly raised their heads and found Yu IlHan, when they shouted simultaneously.

“It’s real!?”

“Susanoo came back!”

With an incomprehensible feeling, Yu IlHan flicked his fingers. When hundreds of bone spears similar to those that decimated Kiroa continent were summoned once again, the wolves all gave up fighting and just stood still in resignation, waiting for their deaths, but the bone spears only found and killed the red ones, even within the chaos of the battlefield.

Everything was thanks to the ability of Absolute accuracy. To be exact, if he did not have that ability, he wouldn’t have tried summoning those spears in the air and letting them fall down.

“Hah.”

“Now he’s pouring out hundreds of spears.”

While the humans were being shocked, the spears were re-collected and thrown again.

Up, down. Up, down. Wolves died. Wolves died again.

If people realized that even something of this level was Yu IlHan showing restraint considering the growth of other people, then what would the other people think? Of course, he was doing that precisely because he had predicted that!

“Dad!”

Yumir, who arrived near Yu IlHan with Liera’s help, dispelled his concealment and hugged Yu IlHan, before bashing his head onto the armor again. It didn’t look like he felt any pain as he was smiling.

Liera had a look at the messy battlefield before explaining to Yu IlHan.

[This boy was no joke.] (Liera)

“He shouldn’t have been able to do much after the chain level ups stopped, though?”

Middle tier wind magic was definitely strong, and a dragon’s Mana control would make that even stronger. However, Yumir’s level was still too low. The first few shots would have been enhanced by the amplified mana resulting from chain level ups, but after level ups slow down, it should have been difficult to do much more.

Moreover, from how he had a figure that was fit attend elementary school, he was definitely a 2nd class now!

[The clan master of the Lightning God Clan gave him a mana potion. That woman has tons of them. I did hear about the idiom ‘money can even make ghosts do things’, but I still wonder if that woman bought an entire alchemy guild] (Liera)

“Pretty and kind noona!”

Yumir added onto Liera’s explanation. The strong was scary, but it seemed like this guy liked Kang MiRae.

Thinking back, as he was using magic in a battlefield without Yu IlHan, his concealment would have worn off. This meant that Kang MiRae gave him potions after seeing that Yumir was strong.

“Your Majesty!”

The elves came as well. The thief, Phiria, and the archer, Paté, were relatively clean, but Mirey and Jirl who had to block the monsters with their bodies, were soaked in blood.

Although their faces were covered, Yu IlHan could know without taking their masks off how delighted they were at meeting Yu IlHan again. Laughing, Yu IlHan spoke.

“You guys are dirty so fight somewhere else.”

“The cold Majesty is cool too!”

“Go kill the red wolves instead.

The humans weren’t at a disadvantage in the first place, but with the return of Yu IlHan and the 4th class wolfkin, Flemir, the morale instantly tipped towards the human side. Moreover, it seemed that the DD-wolf that went beyond the gate before had already died.

Looking at the traces of the tens of giant spears that were destroyed, Yu IlHan smirked. Before going through the gate, he had told the Empress how to cause an explosion using the stored lightning energy as the fuel.

It would naturally be enough to kill a 4th class. He had made them with that in mind in the first place as well. Insurance did work. He was very satisfied.

“Give eternal rest to our kin tainted by the dirty Destruction Demon Army! Show them the might of our wolfkin!”

The princess didn’t even consider going back to wolven form now, and courageously shouted. The black wolves rampaged even more under the princess’ encouragement and ripped apart the red wolves, and Flemir killed the red wolves as if it could save one more wolfkin.

Yu IlHan supported them by dropping some bone spears whenever he felt that he was about to be forgotten, as he walked out of the battlefield.

Beyond the defensive formation formed of thousands of tankers, the clan master of the Magia clan, Carina Malatesta, who just finished killing tens of red wolves with her magic.

“Would you care to explain? You said you were going to come back after killing all the 4th classes, no?”

“After killing all the red wolves, we now don’t have to kill the black ones any more.”

“And why is that?”

Every long-ranged attackers focused their attention on him. Yu IlHan kindly explained to the people who were confused due to the sudden turnaround in the situation.

“I have subdued them. In other words, they are my underlings now.”

“……Sorry?”

She replied. Yu IlHan kindly repeated again, and her smiling face froze stiff.

Well, not just her, everyone who heard that, their expressions turned stiff.

The battle ended within 30 minutes after that.



Chapter 117

After the red wolves were obliterated, the humans surrounded the black wolves while remaining on guard. Originally, they were prepared to attack the black wolves right away, but thanks to Susanoo’s sudden declaration, it was put on hold.

“So.”

The clan master of the Lightning God Clan, Kang MiRae, put her hand on her forehead, trying to calm herself down as much as possible, while confirming the situation with Yu IlHan.

“These guys all became your subordinates?”

“Yes.”

Nodding, Yu IlHan gave a glance to Ericia. She, along with Flemir, walked into the front and greeted her by bowing slightly.

When she backed off slightly behind Yu IlHan and knelt, all the surviving wolves followed her. It was a complete declaration of submission.

“Oh my word…”

“Insane. Now he’s taming monsters? And on such a large scale too?”

“Just how……”

Everyone became shocked. It wouldn’t be strange for any one of them to shout ‘I can’t believe it!’ or ‘I cannot accept that!’, but no one did. That was because, if they started questioning, they had to question the very existence of Susanoo first.

“Every 4th class being with the exception of that guy, Flemir, have all perished. If you want, you may enter the gate to confirm the corpses.”

“We do not doubt your words. However, they are monsters, and as such, we can not help but be worr-”

“I will take responsibility.”

So said Susanoo. The clan masters all subconsciously nodded their heads.

Of course, he did say this while glaring at Ericia and Flemir. It was a confirmation, saying ‘I did all this for you, so you know what will happen when you cause an accident, right?’. Of course, the wolves could not understand English, but they seemed to have noticed something and nodded like mad.

“Then, we want to confirm these guys going into the gate.”

That was very simple. When Yu IlHan ordered, Flemir made all the surviving 3 thousand black wolves go into the gate.

Some calmed down at the scene, some felt admiration, and some were overwhelmed.

“Susanoo and wolf army…”

“So no one in the world can go against him now.”

“So nothing really changed then.”

When all the normal wolves went back into the gate, all that was left was Flemir and Ericia. Flemir was still busy chewing his lips, and Ericia whispered to Yu IlHan after approaching him.

“Master, would it be rude for me to ask you for one week? I want to gather the surviving wolfkin and make a new habitat……”

“I’ll give you 2 weeks, go. If there are any Destruction Demon Army guys left, then clean them up too. Oh, take this too.”

“Ah! Thank you very much!”

When Yu IlHan took out some random unique ranked weapon and armor after rummaging around his inventory, she bowed several times in thanks and went beyond the gate with Flemir.

The humans were looking at the gate absent mindedly as it was still spitting out ominous smoke, but when Kang MiRae clapped, they all looked towards her as if entranced.

“We obtained victory.”

She declared as such.

“Thanks for your work, everyone.”

That, was like a magical declaration. Everyone present was nervous in front of a global-scale crisis, but now, they could be relieved.

Really, the short and chaotic war of the Autumn night, came to an end with this.

“Huh? Where did Susanoo go!?”

“He disappeared! Ah, the cute little boy flying in the air alone too!”1

“There were also 4 really strong people of unknown affiliation.”

Thanks to Kang MiRae gathering attention, it became easier to activated concealment. He even wondered if this was her intention in the first place. Yu IlHan left the place with the elves, Liera and Erta, and Yumir, while concealed.

“Susanoo, I need to have a showdown with Susanoo!”

“Someone drag this madman away. But it’s still a pity. I wanted to have a talk with Susanoo.”

“Retreating troops! Let’s just leave a part for guarding the gate…….”

“What do we do with this land? No one’s gonna live here.”

Thanks to Susanoo’s sudden disappearance, some were enraged, and some fell into confusion, but they couldn’t look for him forever. Since the battle had ended, it was now time to clean up.

They had to thank the forces that came to help from foreign countries, gather dead bodies of allies, look after the injured, check for any enemies that may have escaped, contact the media, contact the government, come up with compensation on a national scale for the ones whose properties were damaged, and decide what to do with the gate and…….

As the representative of the Korean ability users, and as someone who had connections with the government, military, media, and even some foreign governments, Kang MiRae’s true battle had only just started.

To be honest, thanks to Yu IlHan’s actions being too storm-like, they were still dumbfounded, but it was also thanks to him that the damage received was so little. Although some work had increased due to him, there were some that had decreased due to him as well.

Although it was a little off for a 100% pure Korean to be called ‘Susanoo’, but they couldn’t deny the fact that the name was too fitting.

He was like a storm. No one could find him, and no one could hold him down, he came and went as he wished, but somehow it didn’t feel so bad. That was even stranger.

Just as Kang MiRae took up her phone, it lightly vibrated and showed the message it had just received.

[I want to have a talk. Please contact me when you have some time.]

Quite a careful tone, contrasting to the figure that had overwhelmed all the humans and wolves alike just a moment before. Looking at that message, Kang MiRae’s heart thumped loudly for a moment. Looking at that, Na YuNa asked her while tilting her head.

“Mirae, you like work so muuuch? It’s gonna be hellish from now on, but why are you smiling?”

“Na YuNa, you’re going to work too.”

“Ugyak!”

Smile? Nonsense. It was just her facial muscles relaxing due to the taut situation calming down as well. Or so muttered Kang MiRae as she grabbed Na YuNa by the neck.

Just then though, Kang HaJin, who was moving even more busily than Kang MiRae, ended his phone call when he approached her with a stiff face.

“MiRae.”

“Keep the private talk to later.”

“Father wants to see you.”

Kang MiRae’s expression solidified as well. Was it because she said she didn’t want to go to university? Did she do something that breached her father’s authority?

Just as she thought of some questions in her head, Kang HaJin spoke in a slightly nervous voice.

“He wants to talk about Mr. Yu IlHan.”

“……..No, I’m not going.”

She shook her head like a little child. All people that knew the Empress would be shocked if they saw this.

“I’ll set the tentative date to the day after tomorrow.”

“No, I’m not going.”

“Don’t be stubborn. There’s a phone call for you, let’s work.”

“I’m not going, I’m not going.”

“MiRae’s so cute. Peek-a-bo-Kyahak!”

“You work.”

Lightning struck Na YuNa’s head just as she found an opportunity to tease Kang MiRae. With a depressed face, Kang MiRae took up her phone.

The day after tomorrow. The day after tomorrow, eh. God dammit I don’t care any more, let’s work first.

Just as everyone started their new battle, the sun was rising beyond the horizon.

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan, who couldn’t care less about other people singing songs or dancing about him, headed home faster than anyone.

The elves were boasting about how many wolves they killed, so Yu IlHan said he killed 70 thousand to make them shut up.

“Dad, I killed a lot too! I killed thiiis much!”

“Yeah, I’m proud of you son.”

“Can I become stronger?”

“Of course you can.”

It wasn’t some empty words. Yu IlHan brushed Yumir’s head and checked his stats, and he found that he had changed from an Infant dragon to Kid dragon, and his level was 55. This, happened within a single day from birth.

Going over to skills, it was jaw-dropping. Perhaps due to undergoing 2nd class advancement, there were various new passive and active skills, and middle-tier wind magic had even rose to level 39. Concealment was even more of a spectacle at level 47. No matter how extreme the situation was…… Yu IlHan was just dumbfounded.

“Dragons are really OP beings. There was no 2nd class quest either?”

[Dragons are races that were promised the 4th class upon birth. There’s no way they’d have quests.] (Erta)

[But don’t you think Mir is a genius among them too? His growth is too fast. As expected of my son.] (Liera)

[Who’s your son again?] (Erta)

No class quests? That’s even more OP! If it wasn’t for the fact that he was his son, Yu IlHan would have complained about it already, but seeing Yumir fidgeting his ever-small fingers and digging into Yu IlHan’s embrace, his boiling rage calmed down.

Yes. He’s cute so it’s okay.

[So, are you sure they won’t stab you in the back?] (Liera)

Liera, who couldn’t be with him over the gate unlike Erta, asked worriedly. Yu IlHan nodded.

“I applied the Rule skill on her and checked so it’s fine.”

[And not that you accepted her because she’s a pretty girl?] (Liera)

Yu IlHan blinked; this was a direction he had not expected an attack from.

“She’s a monster. What’s there to be ‘cute’ about?”

[Dragons are monsters too……?] (Liera)

“Huh, you’re right. So there’s no need to be so bothered about that…….?”

Yu IlHans thinking changed. Liera despaired, thinking that she shouldn’t have said that, and Erta glared at her. But fortunately, Yu IlHan added.

“It doesn’t matter in any case. They are in the end, just my subordinates. There’s no way they will like me. Rather, it will be a miracle if they don’t hate me.”

“I’m not just a subordinate. For Your Majesty, I can hand my life!”

“Th, then my soul!”

“Th, then all my records!”

The angels were relieved thanks to Yu IlHan’s words, and the elves who couldn’t hear the angels’ voices muttered slightly nonsensical things, and Yumir, who could listen to their voices from birth, was just all smiles. So cute.

After coming home, Yu IlHan and co first slept. Just two hours. That was enough.

Excluding Yumir, who needed quite a lot of sleep at his age, everyone shrugged off their fatigue with a short sleep and calmly headed towards the workshop and started dismantling, Only Erta stayed behind to look after the child.

“Guys, rejoice. If you dismantle all the dragonkin, then it’s the wolves next.”

“I’m really happy, Your Majesty.”

“Haha, hahahaha……..”

Yu IlHan first took out some dragonkin corpses to let the elves dismantle them, and he himself took out the meat that had matured inside the bucket, removed any poison, and even collected Breath, which became an even more ‘thrilling’ alcoholic drink.

Then, he refilled it with dragon blood and meat. There were still a lot of dragon meat-in-waiting. To be exact, there were still 1250 of them to go. It would be enough for several generations to come!

“Guys, finish up the stuff you’re doing and come. I’ll grill you some dragon meat.”

“Yay!”

“I’m touched, Your Majesty!”

Yu IlHan declaring to cook dragon meat in what’s supposed to be his workshop, and the elves who rejoice with his declaration. If there was chaos, this was one!

If Erta was here, she would have sighed saying that his figure was unbefitting of a father, but Liera was an angel who was on a completely different plane than her, so she said this.

[I wanna eat too. That sounds delicious.] (Liera)

“Wait a little more.”

As the poisonous stuff was mostly in the dragon blood, the dragon meat that matured in the bucket had only trivial amount of poison left. A Weak poison resistance skill would suffice, and even if one didn’t have one, it would just end with a slightly numb tongue and a DoT.

[That’s quite serious though!?] (Liera)

“It’s alright. I raised my elves strong so they all have weak poison resistance at least.”

“I have normal Poison resistance, Your Majesty.”

Boasted Phiria, who was quite well-versed in poison as expected of a thief class. She had finished dismantling quite a bit quicker than the others.

“Good, I’ll give you one first.”

“My honor.”

Yu IlHan took out a BBQ grill (made of dragon bones) and washed it before heating it up with the Eternal Flame.

Next, he sliced some pieces of meat into bite-sized meat and put it on the grill, and when that happened, a bone-shivering sound of grilling could be heard, and a nice fragrance could be smelled.

“Wao, I’m happy at this point too.”

[The skill, Cooking, has become level 54. You can cook various dishes more proficiently, and the completed cooking will have deeper and more varied taste.]

Just grilling the dragon meat made his skill rise by 5 levels! Just that was enough compensation for maturing the meat. Yu IlHan became even happier.

Anyway, since he had promised, the first piece was for Phiria. When he picked up a piece of meat that was grilled nicely and instantly thanks to the Eternal Flame, with chopsticks, Phiria closed her eyes and took the piece with her mouth. Here was the first elf across all worlds to savour dragon meat.

“aaah.”

Having eaten the dragon meat, Phiria couldn’t say anything and just exclaimed. Her two eyes became teary as well. Yu IlHan was curious about the taste and he took one as well.

His two eyes abruptly opened. If he could, he would have shone out with golden light from his eyes.

“Ooooh, Ooooh!”

[I knew you’d say that.] (Liera)

“It gently melts in my mouth as soon as a bite on it. On top of the being-and-not-being like chewy feeling,an absurd fragrance explodes in my mouth and it’s as if there’s a festival in my mouth! Oooh, Carnival!”

[Did you practice that line?] (Liera)

Just how delicious was it to be like that? At this point, Liera couldn’t help but check. In fact, although she had killed a lot of dragons, she never ate one.

However, just as she took Yu IlHan’s chopsticks to pick up some meat, the angel’s ring on her head rose and emitted some light. Another angel was communicating to her. Even though no one was supposed to trouble another when eating!

Liera received the incoming message while grumbling. The angel she knew well, Spiera, was saying this.

[Liera, Heaven’s Army came to a decision. As the higher existence factions related to Earth are showing suspicious movements, I will also help Yu IlHan from now on. You did say he became a 3rd class and the number of angels he can contract increased, right?]

[……]

Due to the sudden declaration, Liera lost her words and just stood stiff.

Yu IlHan’s baggage was going to increase now.



Chapter 118

“And so what? This angel called Spiera will come to contract me?”

[Yeah.] (Liera)

Liera replied with a depressed face while putting dragon meat in her mouth. Her expression brightening and darkening in a cycle was considerably cute, and so, he gave her another one and her expression brightened before darkening again. It really was cute.

[And it was as if her coming down was a massive reward for you too. Does she want to play now that the war is over? ……. But hey, why do you keep giving me meat?] (Liera)

“Because you’re cute.”

[Then I can’t help it. Aaahn.] (Liera)

Liera stopped thinking and decided to just receive the meat. The meat was delicious already, but since she was called cute as well, there was no way she could not eat it.

“Have some wine too. You have extreme poison resistance, right?”

[Yeah.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan took out two goblets he made by carving out dragon bones and poured Breath onto it. He form-created it with fire, added other fragments in detail as well and even embedded some jewels he had lying around in his inventory, so the goblet was extremely beautiful to the point that even some third-rate alcohol would look good in it.

“Your Majesty. Do you not have any for us?”

“I do want to give you, but since you guys don’t have extreme poison resistance, you will be poisoned to death if you drink this.”

“Damn!”

Seeing Liera and Yu IlHan geonbae’ing(kanpai-ing), the elves resolved to acquire extreme poison resistance at any costs. However, their passion was short lived, and they became happy after eating dragon meat. The elves thought that this meat may even save the world.

“And so? How’s this angel called Spiera? Is she trustable?”

After a round of drinks, Yu IlHan asked about Spiera as Liera looked to be in a better mood now. Liera replied obediently.

[If it wasn’t for her, many angels would have died until now. Her career is long, she’s upright, she takes the front line in killing traitors…… And that’s why she’s being hated by the other factions, too. If Spiera comes to us, then the probability of other factions aiming for us will increase.] (Liera)

“I don’t think it’s possible for us to get in any more danger than this, so that’s fine.”

[A very good way of thinking.] (???)

At that moment, a reply came out from someone other than Liera.

Raising his head with a piece of dragon meat in his mouth, there was a beautiful angel with burning scarlet hair tied into a ponytail. There was no need to ask who she was. 1

“Haah.”

Sighed Yu IlHan while emptying his goblet.

“All these damned angels intrude my property without my permission.”

[My name is Spiera. Human Yu IlHan. It is nice to meet you. It seems you have the talent to get caught up in any and every major incident occurring on Earth.] (Spiera)

“Yeah, dammit. I’m sooo thankful to Heaven for giving me this talent.”

Moreover, this girlie was picking a fight as soon as she arrived.

[I’m not trying to look down on you. You have splendidly taken care of all incidents that we judged as impossible for the people of Earth, and that is worthy of praise. I was curious about you from how Erta and Liera only talked about you whenever they came up to Heaven, but since there was a nice opportunity this time. I came down here myself.] (Spiera)

“Time? Opportunity?”

[As the War of the Wall of Chaos had ended not long before, and with an overwhelming victory on our side, we do not have to worry about that for the time being. Also, I became quite free after have lived a long time without rest. And lastly, the number of angels you can contract with had increased after acquiring your 3rd class……] (Spiera)

Spiera stopped talking and sniffed.

[You give me quite a surprise as soon as I come down. What is this smell? Both the meat and the wine are of a variety that I have never come across before.] (Spiera)

“Liera, what the hell is up with her? She’s trying to rip off meat and wine as soon as we meet.”

[As you see, she’s a total thug.] (Liera)

Spiera lightly glared at Liera but she only snorted. Although Spiera was still above her even after advancing to the same class, Liera didn’t care about that because that was her personality in the first place.

Seeing two angels having a power struggle, Yu IlHan lightly smacked Liera on the head and spoke.

“Sit, and you can eat and drink too.”

[Is that fine?] (Spiera)

“If I contract you then the power as an angel’s partner will increase right? Since we’re gonna do it anyway, I’m not letting you get upset just because I didn’t pour you wine.”

[Hm……I think you’re settling things a little too fast. But very well.] (Spiera)

Sitting obediently, Spiera took the goblet. With the members drinking alcohol increased to 3, the elves immediately felt more isolated.

[I’ll be honest. There are quite a few angels who want to contract with you. There are some who want to get to know you as you’re almost guaranteed to become a higher existence in the future, while there are also who want to experience this small world that’s undergoing many changes, with the strongest person here. Even at the risk of destruction.] (Spiera)

“Quite the perverts there.”

[I also have an interest in you. Also, I want to give you some help in confronting the traitors of Heaven’s Army.] (Spiera)

Just as Yu IlHan was about to pass it over like it was nothing, as he had decided to not rely on the angels any more, Spiera suddenly spoke.

[It seems you don’t expect anything.] (Spiera)

“Of course, Liera and Erta were a great help of me until now. They helped me console my loneliness, and made me stronger in Abandoned worlds. As such, I’m expecting quite a lot of things from you as well. If you have the courage to play tic-tac-toe with a loner like me, then we will become much closer in the future.”

[I’m speaking of a more fundamental help. If you listen to me, then you will think differently. I guarantee it.] (Spiera)

Spiera said with a voice filled with confidence. When Yu IlHan looked at Liera, she shook her head and retorted,

[This woman’s the worst.] (Liera)

[I heard you mastered many martial arts. And I hear you even upgraded Spear Mastery too.] (Spiera)

Spiera spoke while ignoring Liera. It was quite sudden, but Yu IlHan went with the flow.

“Yes, but I left the rest alone because it’s hard to fulfill the evolution criteria. It will be a problem even if they do evolve .”

[Sure. You must be plenty busy getting into the spear right now.] (Spiera)

Yes. Yu IlHan had his hands full with just the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory.

Of course, although it was difficult to fulfill the requirements for the evolution given to him by the Akashic Record, it wasn’t impossible. There were no insane requirements like having to kill a 4th class with a single strike. And if it were 3rd classes, he had the confidence to fulfill all of them after making a legend ranked weapon.

However, so what if he evolved it? He had a relatively low level for his advanced spear skill, and if he tried to learn the other ones, then he may as well become a jack of all trades, but a master of none.

As such, Yu IlHan was planning to improve on various other skills starting with Physical combat after training Spear of Untraceable Trajectory to a certain level.

However, Spiera took out quite a strange story this time.

[Then do you know about fusion evolution then?] (Spiera)

“Yup.”

Amongst the skills Yu IlHan had in his possession, shooting skill was a skill that was impossible to evolve any further, and throwing skill was a skill that could not evolve alone. And when that throwing skill was about to evolve, he got a notification that it wanted to fuse-evolve with the shooting skill.

The result was the Absolute accuracy skill; the number one contributor skill to Yu IlHan’s OP inventory use, and a skill that Yu IlHan couldn’t do without now.

[If you know then this will be quick. Then I ask you. Do you think the skills that can evolve alone can only evolve alone? Would those skills be impossible to fuse-evolve?] (Spiera)

Lightning flashed in Yu IlHan’s brain for a moment. However, trying his best to calm himself down, Yu IlHan asked.

“…….Say it more simply.”

[Very well. Did the digimons who could only evolve with dige-eggs at the beginning of the series armor-dige-volve until the very end?] (Spiera)

No, it was possible to dige-volve normally! That explanation was truly simple for Yu IlHan to understand.

[There are skills that are impossible to evolve, as well as ones that can only evolve via fusion evolution and also that can only evolve alone. If so, then it won’t be strange for there to be skills that are both possible to be evolved alone, and fuse-evolved. You just did not know of this fact. Like how Veemon didn’t know he could evolve into Exveemon!]

Hearing that, Yu IlHan hurriedly had a look at his status, but although there was information on what to do to evolve Physical combat, Blunt weapon mastery, and Sword mastery, there was no explanation about fusion evolution.

[It’s because that’s the best you can do currently that the Akashic Record is telling you that path. Akashic Record is also a navigation of sorts. Akashic Record tells you the shortest path you can take, but does not tell you the path which you cannot take with your current power. You did not fulfill the requirements to dige-volve into Exveemon.] (Spiera)

“The requirements to evolve, you say……”

Yu IlHan accepted it immediately. The throwing skill he evolved would have been impossible to fuse-evolve without the shooting skill. What about the Spear mastery? If he didn’t master his concealment, it would have become a completely different spear technique and not his Spear of Untraceable Trajectory.

What Spiera was talking about right now as also the same thing.

[I also didn’t know that!] (Liera)

Liera got angry!

[You should’ve told me before!]

[Liera, the only martial arts you’ve trained to the maximum level is the spear and your physical combat so it would have been no use to tell you anyway. It is difficult to meet any perverted existences who master many different weapons.] (Spiera)

The ‘perverted existence who mastered many different weapons’, Yu IlHan, asked with lights in his eyes.

“Of course, the base of the fusion evolution skill you’re talking about should be the spear, right?”

[Naturally, I can’t teach you something other than the spear to you who is focusing on the spear.] (Spiera)

Spiera called out a long and beautiful white spear on one hand and reliably nodded.

Of course, Yu IlHan’s spear had evolved to Spear of Untraceable Trajectory. However, that didn’t mean that his Spear mastery skill had disappeared. It still existed as the max level skill. Just that, it could not evolve any further, and is unable to evolve alone into another skill other than the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory.

And that was the same with the Resting skill, Concealment skill, Shooting skill, and the Throwing skill.

As such, it wouldn’t be too surprising to fuse-evolve it with other skills. Likewise, even if these skills end up fuse-evolving, the ones that could standalone evolve will still be able to evolve standalone. In any case, there was nothing to lose.

“So? What conditions do I need to fulfill in order to be able to fuse-evolve? What do I need to do? You do know that it will be meaningless for me to master those skills if they take a long time, right?”

[That is.] (Spiera]

Spiera stopped Yu IlHan’s barrage of questions with a serious voice. While Yu IlHan stared at her, she picked up the dragon meat on the grill and put it in her mouth.

[*nom nom*. something I’ll tell you if you contract me. *nom nom*] (Spiera)

“We have a deal.”

Yu IlHan could even accept a contract to become a magical girl if it was to acquire any evidence about fuse evolved spear techniques.

[Well decided. Even if you cannot train the skill right now, it will definitely become useful in the future.] (Spiera)

Swallowing the meat, Spiera took a drink of Breath and exclaimed, before extending her hand towards Yu IlHan. While Liera was looking at that scene with a pouting face, Yu IlHan received her hand.

[Take care of me in the future, Yu IlHan.] (Spiera)

“That’s what I wanted to say.”

At that moment, a connection formed between Yu IlHan and Spiera and the power as an Angel’s partner increased within Yu IlHan.

[You have contracted with the archangel Spiera! Angel’s Protection and Angel’s Support skill increases in power!]

[Against higher existences, it becomes possible to activate Angel’s support even if you’re not in an Abandoned World!]

“Hahah, this really is…”

Looking at the updated information, Yu IlHan made a vain laugh.

“Why do I feel so worried even though I now get such a benefit?”

Now able to activate Angel’s Support against higher existences? It feels as if it would really happen!

Wait, are the Destruction Demon Army guys making their newbies lie in wait without casting off their shells? Just because they want to catch Yu IlHan!?

No, wait, the world was screwed up so it was unknown what might happen. Yu IlHan decided to train the Deathgod skill while taking care of his health a little more.

[Then I’ll say it to you now.] (Spiera)

Spiera, feeling better now due to the contract, spoke.

[The spear fusion skill that I could only learn after I acquired my 6th class, ‘Great Cosmos-severing Spear’. In order to learn it…….] (Spiera)

“Wait, I don’t wanna learn it after hearing that name!”

[Huh? What you want to teach him is the Great Cosmos-severing Spear!? Me too! I want to learn it too!] (Liera)

“How is something like that the target of envy!?”

It’s the same advanced weapon technique, but why the hell is the name so childish! It sounds like an elementary-schooler came up with it!

[It’s the name I’ve come up with after thinking wholeheartedly. You should also be able to name the spear technique you have created?] (Spiera)

He checked, and it did seem like it was possible to change the name as he wanted to. However, Yu IlHan decided to keep it. It was not boasting, but he had no confidence in his naming sense.

If he made something worse than ‘Great Cosmos-severing Spear’, then he wouldn’t be able to take it. What if someone who mastered both concealment and Spear mastery learned Yu IlHan’s Spear technique and swore at him?

[Anyway, to learn Great Cosmos-severing Spear, you need to master Spear mastery, Physical combat, Sword mastery, Blunt weapons mastery, and,] (Spiera)

Spiera added, with a slight smirk too.

[Whip mastery, for your basics.] (Spiera)

She was saying this with her expression: Even though it’s definitely an advanced skill and it will be of great help to you, but first you need to master the whip! It should be hard, eh!

Yu IlHan said ‘oh’ and took out a whip from his inventory. Thinking back, although he had experience in making a whip after the Great Cataclysm, he had never used one himself. That was because he never had the opportunity to.

However, that didn’t mean he couldn’t use it.

Yu IlHan lightly swung his whip. For the Akashic Record to notice his ability, that was enough.

[You have awakened, Whip mastery Lv Max. If you fulfill the evolution materials and criteria, it’s possible to evolve to an advanced level.]

[It now becomes possible to fuse-evolve Spear mastery. However, your record and insights are too lacking so it is difficult to set an evolution criteria without a deeper level of training.]

With a smirk, Yu IlHan had a look at Spiera. Her previous expression was already gone, and Liera drank the wine as if it was her who had given Spiera a blow. Of course, the elves were just eating dragon meat.

“Well then, teach me now.”

[Tch, I can’t help it…….] (Spiera)

With a dying expression, Spiera nodded.

Archangel Spiera. She was placed in a disadvantageous position in this contract on the first day….



Chapter 119

With a deadpan face, Spiera started explaining about the skill, ‘Great Cosmos-severing Spear’.

[Great Cosmos-severing Spear is an advanced skill that I developed according to my personality and characteristics. You should have already learnt an advanced skill that is fit for you, so it will be very difficult to learn my skill as well. You could say that you’ve just fulfilled the bare minimum requirement.] (Spiera)

“I know that much. So how much do I need to train?”

[At least 4 hours a day, for two hundred years.] (Spiera)

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan hated himself for thinking ‘that’s not much’ for a moment. Right now, time was flowing normally on Earth!

“What’s the difference between that and mastering other weapons? I’d rather focus on my way of the spear instead.”

[This is also a form of training in the spear. Whatever forms of the spear you have learnt, you can train this alongside it.] (Spiera)

Though, his heart did waver hearing that!

“But if it’s that much, Earth may as well be past the 6th Great Cataclysm.”

[Past 5th Great Cataclysm is already a higher world, IlHan. That’s at the level where the Heaven’s Army or the Destruction Demon Army reside in. With your power alone, you can’t make Earth like that even if you die, so don’t worry! Even if it’s possible, Earth will be destroyed before that!] (Liera)

“That’s sooo consoling, Liera. Thanks!”

[Ehehehe.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan and Liera exchanged smiles. Immediately after though, Liera’s forehead was bruised with a smack from Yu IlHan.

[Damn, you’ve grown.] (Liera)

“Thanks to who.”

Yu IlHan just poured some Breath for her to drink and asked while looking at Spiera.

“Oh right, can I even live that much longer?”

[If it’s you, you should have a lifespan that’s way beyond ordinary humans. It’s also because of the evolution of your body after acquiring 3rd class…… but just with the ‘Unflowing time’ you’ve experienced alone on Earth, your body should have been changed to something akin to a long-living race like those of elves.] (Spiera)

“That’s something I heard for the first time?”

When Yu IlHan turned his face to look at Liera drinking, she turned her head away and spoke as if making an excuse.

[I was going to make you a higher existence anyway…… It’s nothing important anyway…..] (Liera)

“*Groan*.”

He was sure from the fact that Liera avoided his gaze.

It wasn’t like he couldn’t think of the reasons. In the miraculous time he used to evolve and develop while his cells didn’t age, and at the point he had acquired tremendous power disallowed for a human at level 1, he had realized that his physical body was no longer normal.

[However, if it’s just that, I wouldn’t have even suggested it to you.] (Spiera)

“You’re talking about the Hourglass of Eternity, right?’

[Indeed.] (Spiera)

Spiera seriously nodded, but even if she did, there was a piece meat in her mouth anyway, so she didn’t look serious at all.

[*Om…nom…nom…* If you focus on training using the hourglass of eternity, you should be able to shorten the time you take to acquire the skill. I’m expecting somewhere around 30 years.] (Spiera)

[IlHan should be faster though.] (Liera)

Retorted Liera, but Spiera only snorted.

[I’m not looking down on Yu IlHan’s potential. Liera, you should know how difficult it is for one to learn an advanced skill when you have already learnt one of your own.] (Spiera)

[Hmph.] (Liera)

Liera turned her head away. Spiera also didn’t say anything. She only looked at Yu IlHan.

He pondered for a moment, but eventually nodded.

“Yes, this should be a good opportunity. I did think I should train in the spear a little more.”

He used Spear of Untraceable Trajectory splendidly until now. However, the skill level was still below 20, and he was feeling a little unsatisfied as well.

On top of that, he now couldn’t acquire any experience from the majority of the monsters, so he was thinking about polishing his spear, and coincidentally, Spiera’s suggestion came in. If that was related to the spear, then he had no reason to refuse.

[Then let’s start immediately. It should serve as after-meal exercise.] (Spiera)

“No, before that.”

Eating the last piece of meat, Yu IlHan declared with a serious face.

“Let me finish making some weapons first.

A few days passed after that. Fortunately, no connection with another world had occurred yet.

Vanguard’s homepage had been renewed for the first time in 3 months. Selling higher quality weapons again! Also, the standard weapons increased in quality! Everyone who needed weapons rejoiced passionately after seeing that.

The next day of store opening attracted a huge crowd, and only his father, who was newly appointed as the shopkeeper of Vanguard’s store no.1, suffered a lot.

Standard weapons were changed as soon as the stocked up items were sold out, and the higher weapons was planned to be sold 2 weeks later. The qualifications were simple: all clans that participated in the Dungeon Break in Korea, were given tickets.

[There are too many clans insulting you saying they didn’t hear of anything like that?] (Erta)

“They’re all lying so don’t mind them.”

Kang MiRae requested cooperation to many clans by using all of her connections. At least to all the clans that had the physical and financial power to obtain the higher weapons this time.

“And it was them who decided not to come. Do they think I’m some idiot?”

Yu IlHan snorted and put up the second notice. It wasn’t only the clans that cooperated with this incident.

Like the proud ‘strong friends’ of Korea, Suppression, there was at least one government-operated ability user faction in each country. In the case of America, there were 3!

But last night, Kang MiRae used some method or another to deploy tens of different national forces of tens of different countries to hunt around in Seoul and pulled out the roots of the wolfkin belonging to the Destruction Demon Army. She really did have monstrous connections.

And Yu IlHan, who thought about increasing the number of forces on the scale of Suppression, thought that this was a good opportunity to arm the ability users of foreign countries as well.

He had an overflowing amount of materials anyway. If he saved them, they were nothing more than putting some more weight into his inventory. So, he didn’t hold back.

[But this, did you consult with her?] (Erta)

“No, I’m going to do so now.”

[……]

Koreans wouldn’t welcome this for sure. They should have been thinking that Vanguard was giving special treatment to Lightning God and Suppression.

Even though the time was of great crisis where the fate of Earth was on the line, people were selfish and wanted all the rewards for their clans and themselves. This was the thought process Yu IlHan hated the most.

[Look at those comments man.] (Liera)

[I see you’re at the center of attention of all people of Earth.] (Spiera)

“Dad is amazing.”

Liera, Spiera, and Yumir were all checking the comments with their noses almost about to hit the monitor. Yumir was a dragon so his eyesight wouldn’t really get worse, but since he was worried anyway, he pulled him and took him in his arm.

“Miss Kang MiRae has a wide vision. If there are any variables, then it’s the possibility that the higher ups of Korea will not look at me in a good light….. but it will be fine if I just say I’ll go off to another country if I don’t feel it’s good here, so things should work out.”

Yu IlHan had nothing to fear in this world. He had solved everything with his own power from the very beginning! No matter how many changes occured in his surroundings, he himself would not change. Although, it was questionable if that could be called a good thing or not.

[You alone are supporting this twisted Earth.] (Spiera)

Looking at Yu IlHan’s back while he was sending a message to Kang MiRae, Spiera muttered. She was really impressed right now.

Of course, Erta knew that Yu IlHan was strengthening the other people since he didn’t want to suffer alone, but she decided to stay quiet for the time being. Spiera will know soon anyway.

[Then when are you planning to activate the barrier?]

“In 4 days, it will be a month since I’ve last used the barrier. At that time, the elves should also be finished dismantling. I’ll probably activate the barrier then.”

Having finished talking, Yu IlHan put away the wolf materials that the elves dismantled with a wave of his hand, and took out a new cadaver.

Dragonkin corpses had long since been dismantled, and right now, they were dismantling 2nd and 3rd class monsters! The elves had reached the state of thoughtless tranquility as they dismantled.

In this ‘harsh training environment’, their skill proficiency was rising rapidly. Perhaps, it was an influence of the Rule skill. Perhaps, he may be able to let them handle 4th class beings in the future too!

[Then it should be fine to commence training for real at that time.] (Spiera)

“Dad, me too! I want to train!”

“Yes, yes. I’ll teach you a whole lot.”

Without having him to talk about it, Yu IlHan let Liera and Erta take care of Yumir as they cleaned around nearby dungeons to level him up.

Of course, the speed couldn’t be compared to the few nights before when he levelled up by killing 3rd classes, and so, his level was only just above 60, but it was a good opportunity to raise skill levels like concealment, and middle-tier wind magic, along with many others.

Now, he was required to avoid simple monster hunting, and needed to train on a deeper level. Skills didn’t only increase just by using; they rose by the experience of using them along with enlightenment and training to acquire those insights! Like what Yu IlHan did in the thousand years!

It would be impossible to make his son suffer for a thousand years, but just by solidifying his foundations using the two months in the barrier, he would be at a level that would not be embarrassing for a dragon to have. No, in fact, he was already beyond that now.

He couldn’t let the elves play around either. He wanted to strengthen them to the point where they could beat up the clan masters in the Front Line Alliance with room to spare. Although they could already do that, he wanted to strengthen them to be able to beat them up with more leisure!

Of course, the most important one was himself. He was planning not only to use up all the piled up materials to make equipment, but also to train in his spear techniques along with the learning the Great Cosmos-severing Spear.

To prepare for the past few days, he supported the elves in dismantling, and refined his physical combat, sword, blunt weapon, and whip movements.

Spiera tried her best to hide her shocked face each time Yu IlHan wielded each weapon, but she couldn’t hide from Yu IlHan who had gained the dao into looking at other people’s expressions.

“I didn’t live long for nothing.”

[You’re long beyond what could be explained by ‘time’. Perhaps 29 years are enough instead of 30.] (Spiera)

Such conversation was repeated for the past few days, and now it came down to 25. Yu IlHan’s aim was to decrease that into 10 after he came out of the barrier.

At that moment, his phone rung. Yu IlHan let go of Mir and pressed the call button. Although Mir still clung onto his chest, that was of no problem.

“It’s Yu IlHan.”

[This is Kang MiRae.]

He hated himself for saying that despite knowing who the opponent is. He was only thankful that Kang MiRae answered him.

Having finished greeting, she naturally continued speaking.

[I’ve checked the Vanguard homepage. You’ve made a big decision.]

“They were all those I was planning to do anyway. Although it’s quite strange to say this is a good opportunity, I could also have an easier time selecting targets to sell my weapons thanks to you gathering the people this time.”

Kang MiRae was silent for a moment. She probably predicted the reason Yu IlHan opened Vanguard, Perhaps, her estimations had turned into confirmation right now.

[Mr. Yu IlHan really wants to just…… protect Earth.]

“No, I only don’t want to suffer alone. I should have told you last time.”

[Pffft.]

Yu IlHan replied honestly since he didn’t want to get himself into a useless misunderstanding, but that only resulted in Kang MiRae bursting out into laughter. Kang MiRae became silent as if she couldn’t believe it even though she had laughed, but eventually refined her voice and replied.

[Thank you. Even if Mr. Yu IlHan requests anything in compensation for the weapons, our cooperative relationship will only solidify more.]

“I’m happy to hear that I’m able to help. I thought the higher ups of Korea who only know about themselves would feel unsatisfied.”

[……And so.]

“And so?”

Kang MiRae’s voice trembled. The feeling that she was forced to this was quite strong.

[If it’s alright with you, would you be able to free up some time?]

“I will. There’s some information I want to exchange, and there are things I should tell you about.”

[No, it’s not that……]

Spoke Kang MiRae. Yu IlHan solidified after hearing that.

[My father…… wants to meet you, Mr. Yu IlHan.]



Chapter 120

“Kang Chan.” 

“Yu IlHan.”

Even while having a handshake with the man in front of him, Yu IlHan was confused as to why he had to be here.

The man who introduced himself was the father of Kang MiRae, Kang Chan. Kang HaJin, who sat next to him, had an expression that said he was sorry for this, but Kang HaJin wouldn’t even know why Yu IlHan was feeling unwell here.

“I’ve heard about you a lot from MiRae.”

“Ah, yes.”

Heard about what? – or so Yu IlHan asked with his eyes while looking to his side.

Yes. Somehow, Kang MiRae was sitting next to him. In an obedient fashion he had never seen before. She was very stiff, and it looked like this place was very uncomfortable to her.

If the word ‘uncomfortable’ took human form, wouldn’t it take the current Yu IlHan and Kang MiRae’s form? – thought Yu IlHan as he turned his gaze back to Kang Chan.

Curiously, he had no memories of seeing this man. From what Kang MiRae was doing, it wouldn’t be too surprising for her father to be the president himself, but the current president was a woman so leaving that aside, he thought that he may be the leader of the biggest company in Korea, or its successor at least, but all of that wasn’t the case.

“Is there anything on my face?”

“No, as you were miss Kang MiRae’s father, I thought you were a person I would recognize at a glance, but it surprised me since I couldn’t.”

At Yu IlHan’s honest opinion, Kang Chan faintly smiled and replied.

“Mr. Yu IlHan. People with true wealth and authority do not show their faces on the surface. Once we do, things become very annoying with meddlesome flies everywhere.”

It sounded true and relatable. Just as Yu IlHan was about to keep that in mind to use later, Kang Chan added.

“Of course, nowadays it doesn’t really mean anything, though. As you know, a novel value that surpasses the previous values has appeared on Earth. Unfortunately, I had very little talent for this peculiarity, but fortunately, my son and daughter did. It’s something that makes me proud as a father.”

The form of authority was becoming different. Although it wasn’t too apparent yet, there will definitely come a day when it would change so. Just looking at Yu IlHan, he would gain many things once he went on the surface.

Although, he had no need for such trivial things.

“That’s why sir Yu IlHan’s actions were impressive: Even though you are receiving more attention than anyone on this current Earth, you did not show yourself to anyone.”

Of course, all that was possible due to…. thanks to the Concealment skill. Yu IlHan momentarily thought if it was an insult, but from his expression, it looked like that wasn’t the case.

As such, he shrugged his shoulders and pointed towards Kang MiRae. He meant that he had shown himself to her. Kang Chan somehow understood that and asked politely with a smile.

“I’m only thankful. What is it that you like about MiRae?”

“She’s kind and upright. Is there any other reason to trust another person?”

And as she had authoritative power, she helped out in various ways. However, there were many other who fit this criteria other than her, so Yu IlHan picked the ones that only applied to her. Kang Chan’s smile got thicker.

“It makes me even happier since you have taken a liking to my daughter.”

“Ah, yes, well……”

It wasn’t like he took a liking to her, but he wasn’t an idiot to say that out loud here. During the two’s conversation, Kang MiRae’s mental world collapsed as she covered her face with both her hands, and Kang HaJin was about to burst out laughing, but he was desperately holding back as he would be one the receiving end later if he did.

“I’ve received your graces. Whether it’s about receiving the priority for receiving the highest-tier weapons of Vanguard and….. Oh, I heard you even had one custom-made.”

“That’s because she was the strongest among the humans I’ve seen at that time. It’s has changed by much even now.”

Only the super tanker, Michael Smithson, or Takagaki Asuha, with strong close-combat strength, or Carina Malatesta, who showed decisive long-ranged power using cooperative magic would be able to compare with her.

However, Yu IlHan was sure that Kang MiRae was the first in regards to skill proficiency. Oh, excluding Yu IlHan.

“And so, I judged that she would grow very fast with a suitable weapon. It’s not due to any personal feelings but her potential that I’ve come to a judgement on.”

“I see.”

Kang Chan nodded as if he was more satisfied. Yu IlHan added that useless line at the end just in case Kang Chan had a misunderstanding but….. from his bland reaction, was it just his feeling?

“I’m also cheering for Vanguard. Personally, I think that Vanguard may as well be the key card to human salvation.”

“You flatter me.”

“Haha, the value of Vanguard will increase in the future. I guarantee it. Of course, for that, sir Yu IlHan needs to stay alive and well.

His eyes shined.

“Even if you do not want to be one, sir Yu IlHan is already at the center of Earth’s defense. You should recognize your own value more correctly, and be careful; as you have become a standalone power that equals or even surpasses a country. Let’s talk about this at a later time. I don’t like to boast, but I should have some experience as a senior who walked this path before.”

“Ah, yes, well.”

The story suddenly strayed.

He was telling Yu IlHan to be careful? He was dumbfounded.

Bullshit ‘careful’. If Yu IlHan was ‘careful’ with his actions until now, he wouldn’t even be here. No, Earth would have long since become doomed and ended.

This person does not know anything. He doesn’t even know what he doesn’t know. That made the situation worse.

Thinking about how this man can talk such bullshit, it seemed that this man was thinking that the previous authorities and the ability-user authorities were the same.

Like how he hid himself and didn’t surface, he thought that Yu IlHan should also hide and not come to the surface.

Isn’t this guy a total idiot?

If he kept thinking like this, then there may come a day when he would have a big clash with his daughter.

Yu IlHan was proud for not swearing in that situation. As a result, he really wanted to leave this place and go home now. He took time to come here to give Kang MiRae face but this happens…

“Oh, and also, I heard you subordinated some monsters in a large scale dungeon.”

“Ah……yes.”

Huh? Look at this guy? Quite a nice finishing attack.

He felt his head was struck by a giant gong when he heard the word ‘large scale dungeon’ even though this guy should have heard that it was an Abandoned World.

‘Doomed. This guy spent 10 years in another world and he’s more clueless than me, a dropout. No, perhaps he does not understand the situation on this crazy Earth because the other world he went to was without much change.’

People born with golden spoons in their mouths are problematic because of this. They are only worried about protecting what’s theirs, and do not know what to do to allow the general populace to proceed forward!

And what did he say last time? True wealth and authority do not come out to the surface? He should’ve realized then! His still-pertaining civilian mindset exploded into a rage.

‘Let’s calm down first. It may be my misconception, and it’s not like all people think like this guy. Kang MiRae and Kang HaJin are believable people too. Good, calm, down………’

While Yu IlHan was sharpening his blade, Kang Chan spoke.

“And so, I’ve thought of a small present for you……”

“Present?”

“How about land?

A question mark popped up on top of Yu IlHan’s head. There’s a limit to changing topics. What’s that about land?…….. he thought up to there when he realized and creased his brows.

“Do you mean the land that was wiped out due to the fight this time?”

“Indeed.”

Said Kang Chan with a sneaky smile. ‘You can’t reject this!’ – or so he said with his expression.

“To be honest with you, the value of that land is dropping very quickly. As you know, there’s no real method to make the gate disappear completely. But since a large amount of monsters came out during his incident…… Although sir Yu IlHan had subordinated them, the very fact that the gate is there is an element of worry for the people there, do you not think so?”

“It should be.”

“However, let’s say that sir Yu IlHan takes possession of that land. Sir Yu IlHan will then be able to call out the forces in the dungeon at any time, and become more free, and the people could feel safer. However, there’s just one problem. There are people who call you ‘Susanoo’ and they might…….”

Kang Chan creased his face at this point. Oh, so that’s it. He doesn’t like that name. This part, he was definitely Korean.

Yu IlHan understood his feelings. However, he didn’t hate the nickname ‘Susanoo’ so much, and that was because that was the least embarrassing nickname people gave to him until now.

“Those people, may define your identity, and may bother you. Of course, we will do our best to sever the connection between the two, but there’s no 100% in this world.”

“That’s true. There were many predictions that Susanoo was Korean even before, and if I become the landowner of a place nearby the gate……”

Yu IlHan thought while nodding, but his pondering didn’t last long.

“If you give me land, I’ll gladly take it.”

“Will it be alright with you?”

“Yes. I think it will be alright now.

Kang Chan ended up laughing at Yu IlHan’s words. He could feel a very natural and firm confidence from his words.

Kang Chan thought that it was a youthful ambition, but if he knew how much Yu IlHan undervalued himself normally, then he may think differently.

Yu IlHan was thinking that there were no problems in revealing his identity even with his power that he had ‘undervalued’. So what would it be really like?

“Very well. I will let my daughter take care of it, so talk about it more with her later.”

“Yes. It will also be more comfortable for me if you do that.”

Despite Yu IlHan’s honest attitude, Kang Chan only smiled brightly, and Kang HaJin tried his best to hold back his laughter by pinching his knee. Lastly, Kang MiRae saw that the relationship between Yu IlHan and Kang Chan was slightly off and sighed a little.

“However…….”

Just as everyone thought that this was the end, Kang Chan suddenly changed tpics.

“I heard that you brought a child to the scene.”

For a moment, Kang MiRae’s ears twitched as she leaned towards Yu IlHan very slightly. She wasn’t even aware of that action herself. And she thought to what Na YuNa was curious about with that child.

“Oh, yes.”

“Is it…… too rude for me to ask about that child?”

“He’s a monster.”

He couldn’t say ‘dragon’. But dragons were monsters anyway, it wasn’t a lie.

“Whoa.”

“Phew.”

Yu IlHan’s answer made a certain someone intake a sudden breath of air, and a certain other person sigh in relief. Kang Chan nodded with an ‘aha!’.

“As expected. I thought so when you acquired the wolf army so easily, but is it really so.”

“He’s a child that follows me as a father. And that isn’t exactly wrong, as my mana was consumed during his birth.”

Yu IlHan’s ‘I never lied’ skill successfully fooled the others.

“However, it’s a monster you created by consuming your mana, yes?”

“Yeah, well. You should know if you heard, but he uses quite the strong magic at his figure. I have a lot of expectations for him as his growth rate is very fast.”

“So that’s it.”

Kang Chan made a thick smile again. Seeing his bright smile that looked like his worries were just lifted, Yu IlHan realized that his worries were not wrong.

Is he trying to ‘connect’ him and Kang MiRae somehow? There was no way Kang MiRae would like him, and he himself didn’t have any feelings about her that was more than a ‘good impression’.

To hell with it. Kang MiRae should do well solving that misunderstanding. Yu IlHan decided to put away his useless worries there.

Coincidentally, Kang Chan also seemed to have judged that this was enough conversation and said this.

“Oh, I held you for such a long time. Even though you must be the busiest man on Earth.”

“No, it’s fine. Then I shall take my leave.”

“It was an honor to meet our country’s hero in person. Please take care of my daughter in the future as well.”

“Ah, yes……”

With a deadpan feeling, Yu IlHan shook hands with him and stood up. As he met gazes with Kang MiRae who was staring at him, he nodded his head lightly to her as well. Today, he had a meeting with her as well. He had set a schedule with her in the afternoon as there were various things to talk about including Vanguard.

“Then see you in the afternoon.”

“Yes.”

Kang MiRae obediently lowered her head. However, her cheeks were lightly blushing. Everyone who knew about the Empress would be shocked when seeing this.

Yu IlHan left the room. In the room, only Kang Chan, Kang HaJin and Kang MiRae were left.

“Pffft.”

And Kang HaJin finally burst out laughing.

“I’m sorry, father. It’s, just……. pffft.”

“You’re being rude, oppa.”

Kang MiRae said to her brother. While glaring at him with murderous intentions without Kang Chan finding out.

Kang HaJin now started hiccup’ing. Seeing the siblings fight, Kang Chan just laughed and spoke to Kang MiRae in a quiet voice.

“Grab onto him and don’t let him go.”

Even an elementary schooler would know what that meant.

“Father, I’ve kept saying this before as well, but I have no relations with Mr. Yu IlHan whatsoever. It will be rude even if we set it just by ourselves, and moreover, I’m only 20 years old.” 2

“What I mean is, to grab him before another girl gets him.”

Kang MiRae’s face reddened a lot. She shouted in a loud voice to the point that it was unbelievable if this was the same her as the one who sat obediently moments before.

“Even if I do develop into another kind of relationship with Mr. Yu IlHan. you will not influence my actions and judgement, father!”

Like she resolved in the past, she was planning to acquire Yu IlHan using herself as the compensation after raising her own value.

Although Yu IlHan’s value was skyrocketing real-time, but she had no intentions on giving up. She thought that there were no other man at the same level of Yu IlHan in the world right now.

And the one who found and acknowledged that value first was not Kang Chan, but Kang MiRae herself. Kang MiRae couldn’t endure the fact that Kang Chan was speaking as if he knew the value of Yu IlHan better than her.

Kang Chan had not seen the Yu IlHan at the beginning stages of the Great Cataclysm, neither at the time he hunted the black leopard, nor had he seen that beautiful attack from the sky at the day of the killing of the Orochi, and did not see the charisma that ruled the wolf group.

“Bullshit influence. I only gave some pointers to my daughter who has such a late first love.”

As such, her father’s unexpected ambush made her panic. Kang MiRae asked back while stuttering, which was not like her.

“What……. To think that such a father now talks about empty feelings like love.”

“Do you think feelings are something that can be hidden? I was also having a hard time holding back my laughter too. You looked like you were totally smitten with him. How long are you going to hold back?”

“There’s no way, I……. If you have felt that I have feelings for him, then it’s a form of admiration! He always moves for another and not for himself, and he’s stronger than anything. He’s a rare person that has both the mindset and the power. I only thought that I have a lot of things to learn fr-”

“It’s alright.”

Kang Chan interrupted her. Kang MiRae’s ‘excuse’ had instead convinced him more.

“I definitely said enough. Now it’s not my problem even if you come crying to me because Na YuNa stole him.”

“Just who will come crying……!’

She tried to ignore her father’s foolish words, but her face was very stiff. Na YuNa was definitely beautiful, and had feelings for Yu IlHan.

Of course, she would never know that the true enemy was not a ‘mere’ Na YuNa.

If Yu IlHan showed up one day with Na YuNa in his arms, then how would she feel? She momentarily imagined that scenario and felt bad, but she shook her head.

She does not move on her emotions. The relationship with Yu IlHan were trading partners until the very end!

“There won’t be anything like that. There’s no way he would go over to a childish girl like YuNa, and I have never felt something like love or other equivalent emotions! I will take my leave now!”

Kang MiRae smacked on the table and left the room. When the father and son were left alone, they exchanged glances and smirked. This was only possible as they knew each other’s thinking.

“If MiRae combines with sir Yu IlHan, then I’ll be perfect in regards to force. HaJin, it will be your turn from then on.”

“Leave it to me, father. The Great Cataclysm shall bring us to the very top.”

The father and son smirked. Here were the figures of foolish and delusional father and son.



Chapter 121

Unlike the delusional old man, the meeting with Kang MiRae and the conversation, went very smoothly.

Yu IlHan talked briefly about what happened to him for a while, and she also talked about what had happened in the 3 months he was gone, so there was really nothing much to talk about.

The scheduled place was naturally, the 14th floor of Vanguard, which no one could enter and exit as they please, Fortunately, today was a meeting between just the two of them, without the annoying Na YuNa. There was no one to comment on the side, and as both of them were bad with relationships, they skipped all the trivial greetings and conversation and went straight to the topic.

“Destruction Demon Army, you say.”

“You should have heard about Transcender factions from Na YuNa’s Guardian Angel, right?”

“To a certain extent, yes…… So the number of things I should mind about is increasing. Although it’s a good thing that I will never have to go against a higher existence directly……. phew.”

When Kang MiRae sighed, Yu IlHan ended up laughing. It seemed that Kang MiRae became comfortable enough to sigh in front of him. She also realized that immediately and changed expressions.

“Sorry, please excuse myself.”

“Not at all. Anyone would sigh hearing that.”

“Pah, fuu.”

“Mir, be careful since your sigh may end up becoming a gale.”

Yumir was also at that place, in Yu IlHan’s arms.

Kang MiRae stared at Yumir for a moment due to the similarities between the father and son, before shaking her head and changing topics.

“Although I can’t say nothing happened on Earth……. There’s nothing that Mr. Yu IlHan would be surprised about. A few of the small countries collapsed, land became sea, nothing too serious. If you want the materials I-”

“Give me!”

“Give me!”

That was plenty surprising! And Yumir should really fix his habit of trying to copy his father.

“We couldn’t focus on every matter as there were too many monster appearances. Although it’s fortunate that there were no stronger monsters than the one that appeared in the Kantou incident, the quantity of incidents increased explosively.”

“It seems that’s the case from how strong the people got. You included, miss Kang MiRae.”

“Pretty noona strong! Strong and kind.”

Kang MiRae felt proud for a moment hearing Yu IlHan’s and Yumir’s praises before becoming dejected again. Only Yu IlHan would be able to give her such complex feelings on Earth. With confounding thoughts in her mind, she changed the topic once again.

“Next, it’s about the land that father talked about. The estimated statistics are already out, but I don’t think I will be able to do this as fast as the time we traded this building. There are too many people involved in this.”

“Take it slowly. It’s nothing urgent.”

“Yes, thank you for your understanding. First, I will give you the documents related to it as soon as I finish compiling them. Then……”

Kang MiRae closed her mouth. She had now finished saying everything she wanted to. As Yu IlHan had already talked to her about Vanguard, the conversation would end here. Truly neat.

However, why did she feel that he was aloof even though he was at such a young age?

Oh yeah, she thought of something to say. Kang MiRae licked her lips before speaking.

“The thing that father talked about, you don’t need to mind. It seems he got a little greedy after seeing how exceptional you are.”

“I’m alright. I’m instead worried that you may feel down because of it, miss Kang MiRae.”

“I……”

Kang MiRae was about to speak something, but she decided not to. Thinking about her father’s annoying face, she was afraid that anything she said would contain a strange meaning behind it.

Organizing what to say in her head, she opened her mouth again.

“I’m, also alright. Whether it’s father’s pranks…… or teases, I’m used to them.”

“…….You must have a hard life.”

“Noona, are you hurt somewhere? Should I fix you?”

Yumir figure asking with glittering eyes while leaning forward a little like Yu IlHan was truly cute, so Kang MiRae extended her hand to pat Yumir’s head despite the fact that Yu IlHan was watching.

“I’m not hurt. But thanks for worrying about me.”

“Kind noona. I’m hungry.”

It was a child’s privilege to sound cute despite saying two completely unrelated lines. Yu IlHan laughed and held him up high.

“Yes, daddy’s talk is over so let’s go eat now. I’ll take my leave since my child is hungry.”

“W, wait!”

At that moment, Kang MiRae stopped Yu IlHan with a shout. Both Yu IlHan and Yumir had widened eyes as they turned back. However, the one who was the most surprised was Kang MiRae herself; she didn’t even know why she stopped them either.

Now that she had stopped them, she had to say something. However, just as she was about to think about what to say, Na YuNa’s face popped up, and her mouth opened automatically.

“I, think that we’ve made a good relation with each other as colleagues. That is, as colleagues that fight against monsters. From the beginning of the Great Cataclysm, it’s been over half a year.”

“Yeah, well…… I also think that way.”

Yu IlHan couldn’t understand where she was going, but her words itself was very reasonable.

There were a lot of situations where they had to meet each other, and he had made the first-ever party in his life with her, and even traded a lot with her clan, so at this point, it was no different from an alliance.

There was no need for Kang MiRae to confirm that. At this point, they were considered colleagues.

Right? I can think that since she called that first, right? – thought Yu IlHan, who hated to leave behind any embarrassment for himself or discomfort for others by measuring the distance between them on his own.

However, Kang MiRae’s words were just the beginning.

“However, if…… we address each other so stiffly (formally), I think it may be a little uncomfortable.”

“By ‘address’, you mean……?”

As if having waited for it, she spoke very naturally and smoothly.

“I feel we are distant for nothing by addressing each other with surnames. There will be many more cases where we will fight together in the future, and as such I think we could swap to a friendlier term. Not to show it off to someone else, but as colleagues. Isn’t it fine to allow that? It will also be easier to communicate in battles that way too.”

Yu IlHan finally understood. So she meant they should call each other without surnames? Even though it hasn’t been ‘a year’ since they met! Social butterflies had a really fearsome communication method!

However, honestly, he felt quite, no, really happy. There was no one other than his parents and Liera that called him without his surname.

‘Colleague. That’s a word I haven’t used before.’

Was there anyone in the world who became a loner because they wanted to be? 1 Of course, there are moments when someone wants to be alone when they live busily with many people around them, but no one would want to be alone for life.

Rather, Yu IlHan was a special case since he had lived alone for all his life. It could be considered a Yu IlHan(unique) case.

However, that was until today. Here was a person who thought of Yu IlHan as her colleague.

The existence of people who had good impressions of him beyond the question of believe or not believe, was a truly thankful matter to him.

Of course, Yu IlHan wasn’t a loner for nothing, and would hate it if a stranger or a person he hated, called him without his surname, but on that side, Kang MiRae passed with flying colors.

“That’s good. If so…… Should I call you miss MiRae from now on?”

“Yes, Mr. IlHan. Please take care of me in the future.”

Kang MiRae’s expression was vividly brighter as she replied to Yu IlHan. Fuu, he was worried that everything would be just greetings until the end, but that was just him!

Yu IlHan grabbed her extended hand and gently smiled. It was a smile from the bottom of his heart.

“Miss MiRae gives me something new every time. I’m thankful.”

Hearing that, Kang MiRae’s heart thumped loudly once.

Yu IlHan’s sudden ambush! As expected of a Deathgod, despite not being in concealment. The problem was that the person in question wasn’t aware of it.

“That goes for me too. So, uh, yeah. I also learned a lot thanks to Mr. IlHan. If, you’ll please, uh, excuse me.”

Panicking due to Yu IlHan’s unexpected ambush, she stuttered a little while replying and entered the elevator without even looking back. However, Yu IlHan, who felt satisfied for acquiring another ally that he could call by name, he didn’t mind about that.

“Well, then. Let’s go eat.”

“That noona is pretty!”

“Compared to Liera, who’s prettier?”

“Liera-noona!”

Chatting loudly, the father and son left the room. Meanwhile, Kang MiRae, who was inside the elevator heading for 1st floor, was muttering in a small voice while putting her fist on her chest.

“I’ve got him first. This is fine.”

Then blushed while thinking about Yu IlHan’s previous words, before shaking her head again.

“Trade, this is a grade. A trade of each other’s lives……. Emotions are just misunderstandings. The ‘emotion’ I have is only admiration, and love is only my misunderstanding…… the heart beats are only because of arrhythmia…….”

Her soliloquy was good enough to make a song, but the person herself was very serious. However, there was no one around her to fix her misunderstanding. Even if there was, it wouldn’t really have help out that much.

Four days passed since then. Yumir levelled up to 65 during that time, and the elves raised their dismantling skills to level 65. Additionally, Phiria was just past level 76 for dismantling so she was ready to have a go at a 4th class remains.

“It’s finally over.”

“It really over?”

“Aah, His Majesty is truly amazing. Now that I’ve been enlightened on dismantling, I fear nothing!”

“Jirl, you aren’t enlightened.”

Underground workshop. Yu IlHan confirmed that there were no monster corpses in his bag after rummaging through his inventory.

Of course, he had long since dismantled the 4th class wolves. He had acquired 6 bodies, but only one produced a magic stone. Well, it was still a higher percentage than dragons.

There was a corpse inside his inventory, but that was Yumir’s mother, Lecidna. Yu IlHan was planning to cremate her when Yumir’s matured a little more

“You guys worked hard until now.”

“Not at all, Your Majesty. If you give us more work, then we’d gladly-!”

“It’s fine, just rest a little first. I’m going to activate the barrier as soon as I’m ready.”

“Yes!”

Yu IlHan put dragon meat and wolf meat in the bucket that was filled with 3rd class dragon blood. As he was about to be fed up with dragon meat, he was now trying a variation.

He had no confidence in succeeding, but there was plenty of time. Yu IlHan was sure that his recipes would increase if he tried changing the blood, and changing the meat, and a combination of the two.

“That looks delicious.”

Yumir was drooling in Liera’s arms as he looked at the bucket. They haven’t told him that it was dragon meat in the bucket. As such, Yu IlHan planned to not take out any of the meat during the two months. Dragonkin were well……. they should be fine.

“If the recipe solidifies, then I’ll give you meat until your stomach bursts.”

“Yeah!”

[This really is a workshop of chaos. Can’t you at least put away that bucket?] (Spiera)

“No, this is the most important.”

Rejecting Spiera’s request, Yu IlHan pushed the bucket aside after filling it with blood and meat, and took out a truly humongous piece of metal on the other side.

That item was the tool used to train Great Cosmos-severing Spear. Spiera was naggy about where to place that blob of metal, and even interrupted in schedule planning.

[You need to train in the spear for at least 24 hours.] (Spiera)

“I get it already.”

Next, he polished his metalworking tools including the anvil and the hammer, and fed a few 2nd class magic stones lying around in his inventory to give it more power. Continuing, he confirmed the information on what kind of equipments he had to make within the barrier by reading through the Vanguard homepage, and the preparations were finally done.

“That’s it right? Did I miss anything?”

[Wait, Yu IlHan. Someone is trying to enter the workshop.] (Erta)

Was Erta’s report. Just who when not anyone could enter the underground workshop? Yu IlHan retorted.

“You just need to chase them out.”

[But… they are recognized at as allies……?] (Erta)

While the angels and the human tilted their heads, the door to the workshop opened and someone came in.

Long curly, black hair and wolf ears that twitched between them. A glamorous body that was contrasting to the young-looking face. It was none other than Ericia.

“Master, I’ve returned after settling everything I had to do. I will now serve you by your side in the future.”

Her timing was truly perfect as if she had predicted that they were going to activate the barrier now! Does this girlie have a prophecy skill too?

Yu IlHan narrowed his eyes momentarily while thinking nonsensical stuff like that, but he ended up laughing anyway.

“Ok, that isn’t bad.”

“Isn’t what?”

Ericia tilted her head in confusion, but Yu IlHan didn’t mind her and activated the hourglass.

For two months, she would experience it herself.



Chapter 122

[Their power level should be around equal, I guess.] (Liera)

[But I still think Mir is the strongest.] (Erta)

[Well, it’s our Mir after all.] (Liera)

Four elves, Yumir, and the latecomer, Ericia, for a total of 6. Looking at Yu IlHan’s subordinates, Liera and Erta began to seriously judged their levels of strength.

Of course, it was an objective judgement without the bias towards Mir due to their affection for him. Well, at least, the people in question thought so.

[I think you know very well why you have entered this place.] (Liera)

Declared Liera while putting the red hat that Yu IlHan made on her blond hair. As she had shown herself, the elves and Ericia could also see her – the angel of brilliant beauty.

“I…… honestly don’t understand. What I know is that this place is similar to a blacksmith’s workshop, and that some strange magic had activated just now.”

Said Ericia. Well, Yu IlHan did activate the hourglass without any explanations so it was reasonable that she was doubtful. However, Liera seriously nodded and replied.

[I also can’t be bothered to explain it so find out yourself later. Or just understand through the context.] (Liera)

That was one irresponsible teaching assistant!

[Anyway, from now, you will undergo battle training under my orders. You are still too weak right now! If you don’t want to drag down IlHan, then just follow obediently.] (Liera)

“Just what are you to do such things”:

As if having expected that question, Liera spoke proudly.

[You can consider me IlHan’s master. Although it’s only in regards to spear and physical combat, I’m at least better than you guys in the sword and archery.] (Liera)

[She’s the living proof of the disciple surpassing the master.] (Erta)

[Eii!] (Liera)

[Kahak!] (Erta)

When Liera heard Erta’s natural counterattack, she flying-knee-kicked Erta on her feeble waist and unleashed a chain combo to make her roll around on the ground in pain.

This just took 7 seconds! Angel combos were scary.

“You really are a master of physical combat.”

“The master of His Majesty…… I will follow you.”

[I didn’t want to prove that……. with my body……!] (Erta)

“Are you alright, noona?”

Erta muttered while clenching her teeth but no one listened to her. Only Yumir, who would learn magic from her, patted her on the back.

[You should know how unstable Earth is as you’ve experienced your worlds connecting to this world, right? IlHan is fighting on the frontmost lines in such a world. As such, as his underlings, you are nowhere near close enough to become his power. You should at least set your goal as mastering a martial art before acquiring 3rd class, got it?] (Spiera)

“Yes, ma’am!”

While everyone replied in a loud voice, only Erta, who was still grabbing onto her waist, muttered while narrowing her eyes.

[Even you only mastered two of them in the long years you lived…….] (Erta)

[Then we’ll start now! I’ll first have a look at your levels so come at me all at once!] (Liera)

The group hesitated even after hearing that, but they could only change their minds in order to survive when Liera started ‘conversing’ with her fists.

[This place is open!] (Liera)

“Ugh!”

“Sh, she’s coming! She’s coming here!’

[Resist a little more!] (Liera)

While angels, wolfkin, and a dragon were having a nice bloody training, Yu IlHan on one side was in the process of making artifacts. And Spiera was watching it.

“You should teach them too. You’ve even mastered the sword, no?”

[My methods are too violent, so it will be recognized as attacks to them. If that happens, then I’ll be banished from Heaven.] (Spiera)

“And me?”

[It is not like you need real life battle practice, but a practice to learn an advanced technique. Moreover, your league is completely different from other lower existences.] (Spiera)

He was slightly happy that Spiera acknowledged him, at the same time as he was feeling a little angry since he thought that she was looking down on those he got close to (excluding Ericia), but Yu IlHan didn’t say anything much and just kept hammering away. To use 2 months fully, there was no time to rest.

[It really is an amazing technique. Just how can items of such quality come out in such a quick time…… Oh, he’s not listening is he.] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan was using up all his materials he got from higher levelled 2nd class monsters, and lower levelled 3rd class monsters in order to make new ‘standard-tier’ weapons of Vanguard. Considering how the first generation ‘standard-tier’ weapons were made from 1st class monster materials, this was an absurd change.

Exaggerating a little, equipments that even the people of the Front Line Alliance could use were being completed every two minutes right now. The speed even accelerated as time went past.

As his actions made the people watching doubt of the completed items’ qualities, Spiera purposely took up a completed sword and checked its information.

[Blood-calling Wolf tooth sword]

[Rank – Rare]

[Attack Power – 3,200]

[Durability – 2,500/2,500]

[Option – it becomes easier to make the enemies bleed.]

[A rare rank for something he made in two minutes huh…] (Spiera)

Just in case, she checked out each one of the equipments that Yu IlHan made since coming into this barrier, but her predictions were completely correct. All products were rare ranked or above.

Perhaps it was because of the fact that there was an absurd person on Earth that various insane happenings occurred on Earth, or so Spiera seriously considered as she watched over him.

Due to focusing on production so much, Yu IlHan wasn’t even conscious of the fact that Spiera’s gaze was on him as he kept refining metal.

Clang, clang ,clang.

Eternal Flame danced according to the beat of the hammer’s clang. It was a scene not far from what was depicted in myths.

Yu IlHan’s serious working figure was extremely beautiful. Spiera personally had no interest in men, but she judged that Yu IlHan’s working figure was worth appreciating as a work of art.

[You really are sufficient to shake the hearts of higher existences. It’s no different from watching a miracle…….] (Spiera)

Muttering, Spiera looked at the busy Liera and Erta.

Although they themselves might not be aware, they got to have more emotions and even developed faster after meeting Yu IlHan.

If it was that they became like that because of the characteristics of Earth, it would be wrong since other angels dispatched to Earth were no different from before. If so, the only remaining element is Yu IlHan, who came in contact with them.

The reason Spiera volunteered to be Yu IlHan’s partner was to find out the reason behind it as well.

For now, she was only worried about one thing. She also wanted to become stronger like Liera and Erta who advanced very quickly, but she wondered if it was enough to just stay close to Yu IlHan.

[*Groan*, there’s nothing I can do for now, so I can only watch.] (Spiera)

Spiera gazed at Yu IlHan again. Yu IlHan was currently in the process of sharpening a wolf’s bone.

And only after 12 hours Yu IlHan worked like that did he let go of his hammer. Over 600 equipments were proving that his metalworking skills were at the level of a legend.

Spiera asked after looking at Yu IlHan putting away all his equipments.

[So you are finally commencing training!] (Spiera)

“No, I need to check the bucket.”

[That damn bucket!] (Spiera)

She was noisy for someone who enjoyed dragon meat and Breath. Yu IlHan snorted and checked the condition of the meat and wine in the bucket.

dragonkin meat was fantastically matured with their poison removed akin to that of dragon meat, but unfortunately, wolf meat weren’t like that. Although the quality of their meat did become better, their poisonous aura was enough to be used as weapons.

Was there an error in the dragonkin blood? Or if it’s not that, did he have to use another liquid and not blood? This was research material.

“Ooh, the wine looks quite steady though.”

Of course, the level of it was way lower than Breath made with dragon blood, with almost no recovering power and no rest energy.

However, it was tasty! And also, it smelled of sweet fruits that was different from Breath. That’s strange!

“Huh, wait, why does it taste like this?”

“I put apples in it!”

Confessed Yumir who was resting after the training. Alcoholic drinks made of apple and meat were unheard and unseen of, but thinking about the characteristics of the bucket, it didn’t sound too impossible. Well, it did succeed like this.

This was a great find. Possible recipes could be expanded now.

But where did that apple come from? Realizing Yu IlHan’s doubts, Erta who was right next to Yumir, explained in kindness.

[We were researching into summoning magic and…] (Erta)

“So there’s such magic too.”

Laughed Yu IlHan as he patted Yumir.

He was patting, but he froze.

“An apple? Inside the barrier?”

[That’s true, it seems it’s possible. It’s also the first time for me to research into the hourglass of Eternity so I didn’t know.] (Erta)

Over hundred apples were floating around in the bucket. From Erta’s explanations, it seemed like he summoned it from a store nearby.

In other words, it was stealing.

[Mir can only summon what he has directly seen before. I told him to summon anything small, and he summoned a bunch of apples he saw in the market….] (Erta)

“Apples are tasty!”

“And it’s me who will pay for all this…… Although it’s alright since the wine got better.”

Yu IlHan grumbled as he took out an apple from the bucket and checked it.

Although it looked fine on the outside, unlike the meat, it couldn’t endure dragonkin blood as the innards were a mess. It was a poisonous apple people wouldn’t be able to eat without poison resistance.

However, what was important right now was not a mere poisonous apple.

“So it’s actually possible to call in something from outside the barrier when it’s activated?”

[But that doesn’t really have any meaning. Summoning magic doesn’t have any real uses. it only calls in items. And it’s a completely different matter with summoning elemental spirits.] (Erta)

“Then is it possible to send items outside as well?”

“I can do it!”

Brightly Smiled Yumir as he pointed towards the poisonous apple, and the apple disappeared.

Yu IlHan smiled faintly as he asked.

“Where did you send it?”

“Where it was before!”

“Mir is kind, right? Please summon that apple back immediately.”

If the barrier was suddenly dispelled, then they might actually succeed with a perfect crime!

Yumir immediately summoned the same apple hearing Yu IlHan’s words. It was definitely the same poisonous apple.

“Fuu, my kid was about to achieve one kill with humans.”

[It really has no uses.] (Erta)

“It does.”

Said Yu IlHan, while pointing at the fruit wine made of 3rd class dragonkin blood that emitted a faint apple fragrance.

“It’s the number one contributor in making various wine for the next two months!’

[And you said things for stealing just now!?] (Erta)

Well, he could just pay for the fruits after the barrier time was over. In the exact same method they took and sent the apples!

“Dad, did I do good?”

“Of course, of course. Should we increase the variation on summoning magic a little?”

“Yeah!”

Yumir’s mistakes would be recorded as a great find in the future… probably. Looking forward to such a day, Yu IlHan took out a goblet from his inventory and put it inside the bucket and…….

[Let’s! Train!] (Spiera)

……was dragged by Spiera and was thrown onto the giant blob of metal. Even while being dragged, he grumbled while emptying the goblet without dropping a single droplet with his incredible sense of balance.

“If you get annoyed so much, then I’m not giving you that wine.”

[……It’s not that I got annoyed. I was only doubtful of your passion to learn my spear.] (Spiera)

So she wanted to drink huh. Yu IlHan laughed as he threw away the goblet, although, it was collected into the inventory just before reaching the ground. What replaced the goblet was a wooden spear for training.

[Great Cosmos-severing Spear is hard to train with too good of a weapon.] (Spiera)

“No, I like wooden spears too.”

Of course, it was the truth that weapons with higher attack powers were better, but that only applied to cases where he had to battle strong enemies.

As he had to train using spears he made with tree branches in the past, he felt more familiar with it as well.

When Yu IlHan took form with his wooden spear in hand, Spiera nodded with a very satisfied expression.

[You really have the foundation of a warrior.] (Spiera)

“And so? What do I need to do in order to learn that technique that gives me the shivers just by listening to its name? Do I need to break this lump of metal with this wooden spear or something?”

Of course, the reason why he got the shivers just by listening to its name was because it was embarrassing, but Spiera seemed to have taken that as a compliment as she said this with a bright expression.

[The Great Cosmos-severing Spear is a spear art to imbue a power to slash apart the cosmos with a single slash. The sharpness of a sword, the weight of a blunt weapon, the speed of a whip; you need to imbue the characteristics of these three weapons into the spear with the help of your body that’s trained to the extreme. That is why you need to master all five skills.] (Spiera)

“Ooh, so that’s it.”

It was a nonsensical technique that made his mentality faint just by listening to it once.

The incomprehensibleness was at the level of Gaogaigar fusing G field and Defense field to deploy Hell and Heaven.

[It will be hard right now, but with your ability, you will be able to learn it if you invest around 25 years. I will also teach you to the best of my ability. Starting now!] (Spiera)

To Spiera who was speaking while looking at him with shiny eyes, Yu IlHan couldn’t just say ‘Bullshit carnival!’.

Instead, he chanted the all-purpose incantation with a smile that anyone could make.

“I, will do my best!”



Chapter 123

After activating the barrier, Yu IlHan focused on an extremely regular schedule.

Despite the fact that there would be no change in the rise and fall of the sun and moon within the barrier, he dedicated 24 one hour blocks as one day, with the first twelve hours making various equipment. Although humans were not machines, he hammered out one rare or higher ranked equipment after the other, perfectly in sync with the Eternal Flame.

Like that, over 500 pieces of equipment would be produced each day. As he was using up lower leveled monster materials first, the work difficulty was relatively lower, and he did not have to do mana crafting on them either.

At first, Spiera did question while looking at the pile of equipment that Yu IlHan made.

[But are you really planning to distribute these items on Earth?] (Spiera)

“Yup.”

When Yu IlHan nodded, she tilted her head and continued asking.

[But then, wouldn’t they realize that the one they call Susanoo and Vanguard are related?] (Spiera)

“Probably.”

Yu IlHan agreed with her. If the equipment he made this time were distributed through Vanguard, the people would realize that Susanoo, who massacred the wolves this time, and Vanguard should have some relations to each other.

“I can’t hide it forever, and I had no intentions of hiding it in the first place. It’s not like there are fools on Earth that will annoy Vanguard, is there?”

[Hah, everyone would be shocked.] (Spiera)

Of course, some people were already saying that, but it would be confirmed the moment these equipment were released.

People would be shocked at the fact that there was a connection between the best equipment shop on Earth and the strongest person on Earth. Although, no no one would realize that they’re the same person.

[Korea has found a jackpot then.] (Spiera)

“I’m really thankful to my country’s education method that helped me become the pancosmic loner. I can wave the Korean flag a lot, so I wish they cut down on some of those taxes.”

[You really are unshakable.] (Spiera)

And when 12 hours passed like that, Yu IlHan stopped his productive activities, and quickly confirmed the contents of the bucket before changing them. Normally, this would become the only meal time of his day.

Everyone, including Yu IlHan, who underwent a lot of labor; Liera and Erta, who took the role of teachers; the trainees, who looked like they’ve been inside a washing machine for some time; Yumir, who was as dashing as ever; and Spiera, who watched over them, all gathered and had a meal at this time.

As their meals were over with just this, everyone would fill their stomachs viciously with meat, wine, rice and bread.

Especially, the wolfkin royalty, Ericia, looked tougher than the elves, who Yu IlHan had ‘modified’ into eating meat, when eating she threw away all her dignity as royalty and twitched her ears happily as she stuffed her face until her stomach was filled.

“Master, no matter how similar we look to humans, we are in the end, monsters. And monsters are races that become stronger by cannibalism. This is a method to not let the overall power of the race drop as much as possible, and an instinct engraved into almost all of the monsters.”

“In order to not let the overall power of the race drop, huh…….”

Yu IlHan did not get stronger no matter how much wolf meat he ate, but her strength, mana and level increased permanently just by eating the same meat.

Of course, the change wasn’t that extreme, so lunatic monsters that devoured their kin appeared very rarely. Even if they did, they were those who had thought processes similar to the Destruction Demon Army.

To Yu IlHan, who received new knowledge, and thought that monsters weren’t monsters for nothing, she asked in a careful voice.

“Did I make you feel disgusted?”

“No, I just felt like I hit the jackpot.”

Yu IlHan severed Ericia’s serious worries with just a single line.

How? That was because there were over 100 thousand wolves made into meat in his inventory.

“I’ll let you take all the wolf meat from now on. You should at least eat 100 per day, well, the more the better.”

“I understand master. I will eat them all and become stronger.”

Ericia exclaimed at the fact that Yu IlHan’s emotions didn’t change at all. No matter how he understood the fact that she was a monster, he should have felt some kind of rejection to the clearly different actions and culture to that of humans, but the fact that he just accepted it with ‘Oh yeah, you aren’t human.’ made her see Yu IlHan as someone great.

Ericia sneaked peeks at Yu IlHan from time to time, who took out more wolf meat and grilled it, and thought that this man was someone who was worth it for her to follow as a master.

At that moment,

“Dad, me too! Cannibalism!”

“……Huh?”

Everyone’s idol, Yumir, dropped a bomb.

“Dragons also eat each other. Mom said that!”

“……”

Yumir’s words were without any room for misunderstanding. Yu IlHan felt slightly faint after hearing that, but soon called for Liera and Erta to consult them about it.

“What do we do?”

[Mir wants to get stronger, so we feed him.] (Liera)

[I was sorry since only we ate it, but now that we know that they cannibalize, that’s good. Let’s feed him.] (Erta)

“Okay!”

It was a 100% approval that made one wonder if it was worth it to consult them about it in the first place. Yu IlHan made a gentle smile as he poured out dragon meat from his inventory.

“Mir, eat and grow a lot, okay?”

“Yeah!”

Yumir rejoiced after looking at the enormous pile of meat. Looking at that scene, Yu IlHan thought if it was humanely alright, but Mir was a dragon.

There would be a lot of things that humans do that are incomprehensible for monsters. If one wanted to be understood, one must first respect the other’s lifestyle. Yu IlHan, who could change his mindset like this at anytime, was perhaps talented to rule over monsters.

Now that that was done with, the only problem left was the other’s’ meals. Although they wouldn’t be able to eat dragon meat as they pleased from now, since Yumir would get stronger through them, there were many other delicious things in this world, so Yu IlHan decided to not worry about it.

Meanwhile, Ericia, who was in the middle of eating wolf meat, muttered in surprise with widened eyes.

“To think it’s dragon meat… I did predict after looking at the weapon, but as expected, you even hunted dragons……”

“You would be surprised to find out what His Majesty did in Dareu.”

[Don’t you be proud of IlHan’s achievements, because I’m going to be.] (Liera)

[Quite the adult there, Liera] (Erta)

Like that, a special caretaker of the wolf meat and dragon meat in Yu IlHan’s inventory, was made. However, as there were even more dragonkin meat than wolf meat and dragon meat combined, there wasn’t a situation where they had no meat to eat.

Anyway, after around an hour of mealtime, the trainees would undergo hellish training for their after-meal exercise. They were allowed 3 hours of sleep after 8 hours of battering, and this was their life pattern.

However, Yu IlHan was different. If meals were enjoyments to the angels, and recovery time and growing muscle time for the elves, and a time to get stronger for Ericia and Yumir, to Yu IlHan, it was a meal to recover his rest energy.

In other words, he had no need for sleep. If he became full with meat and wine, he would just train the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory and that nonsensical spear with a wooden spear in front of the giant blob of meat!

“*Burp*. Breath is perfect, but it’s a problem that I’m getting drunk. I should go troll hunting quickly.”

[Although I think I’ve lived for a long time, you’re the first one that replaces sleep by drinking refined dragon blood and troll blood.] (Spiera)

“You can say that it’s a fantastic combination of the Cooking skill and the Extreme poison resistance skill.”

Yu IlHan decided to head to the dungeon in the Grand Canyon after the barrier time was over, until the day he had to sell the advanced weaponry. It wasn’t to meet the elves, but to acquire blood from the trolls that habited in an area before Dareu!

[Anyway, enough of that. Focus, Yu IlHan. You need to bring out the peak of all martial arts with a single spear strike!] (Spiera)

The speed of a whip that surpasses the speed of sound even without the use of mana.

The sharpness of a sword that cuts apart everything that blocks its way with a strike that focuses its all.

The heaviness of a blunt weapon that destroys anything in its path to smithereens.

By subliming all of those with techniques to control the body to the extreme, he would imbue it into the striking spear.

‘Although I still think it’s bullshit even if I think about it twice or thrice……’

It wasn’t like he couldn’t believe it since the Akashic Record said there was a fusion evolution waiting for him, and it was also against Yu IlHan’s policies to laze around because he couldn’t grasp it.

Now that he decided to do this, he had to do this somehow without showing his weakness. Succeed!

’25 years? It wouldn’t be strange if the 2nd Great Cataclysm happened tomorrow. I can’t be so leisurely.’

Yu IlHan activated Superhuman strength. If he couldn’t do it with his ability alone, he could only strengthen himself! If he didn’t understand the principles, he could only repeat it like an idiot, again and again!

Spiera noticed that he activated a skill, but didn’t interrupt. Instead, she was proud, thinking that he was serious about learning the skill.

‘So you’re trying that huh. Well, it is true that your physical body is very weak right now…… Moreover, the Great Cosmos-severing Spear is a fusion skill in itself. It wouldn’t be strange if another skill was added into the mix. Even if the result is different, that seems interesting in itself.’

Spiera’s skill and Yu IlHan’s skill wouldn’t be completely the same anyway. If anyone could become as strong as her just by walking the same path, then Heaven wouldn’t even need to be wary against the other factions.

In the future, Yu IlHan would hesitate in countless forks in his path. Perhaps he might not be able to arrive at a destination, and perhaps, the destination he finds might be completely different to where Spiera had arrived.

However, if there was anything sure, it was that Yu IlHan was proceeding without stopping even now. Every wrong turn he takes, every mistake he makes would become Yu IlHan’s record and leave an eternal trace behind.

Spiera thought that she wanted to see it one day. She now wanted to appreciate the footsteps that this human makes, who makes many worlds tremble and even shakes the heart of higher existences, as he steps into the unknown.

‘But I can’t appreciate it too much. I have work to do here.’

The ‘work’ to observe positive changes to the angels around Yu IlHan, and if possible, applying it to herself.

And what was more important, was to find traitors.

‘Destruction Demon Soldiers are alright since their movement patterns are quite simple. I can’t do anything about the Garden of Sunset since they’re perverts that I will never understand no matter how I dig into them. So they’re fine as well. However……’

The Army of Brilliant Light (Fallen angels faction) was a different story. They, who bear the wings that were burnt black, look down on God’s power and wish for the distortion in the Akashic Record.

Although she felt like they were being buried under the actions of the Destruction Demon Army nowadays, Spiera also knew that even that was their intentions.

Traitors that were sneakily acting in Heaven. The ones that had their wings not completely burnt yet; and the ones that wait for the time to give a fatal blow to the angels and God.

Those guys were on Earth. Looking down on all existences, they were waiting for the time to rebel against the absolute being!

‘Erta and Liera don’t suspect much since they’re too pure. However, I’m different.’

The absolute majority of the higher existences would not be able to use their powers on a lower world. However, there was one case where that rule was ignored.

They could use their power when they found a traitor within the same faction, and only in order to punish that traitor. In order to guard the record of the faction, all higher existences would become the punisher.

Like how, in the past, when Liera was Lita, she beat up the angel that cooperated with the 4th class mage to open a gate to Earth.

‘Traitor. I do not know who you are and how big your faction is.’

But she will find them. With the partner she had newly acquired, she will find them even if she had to sweep every corner of this world.

And she will,

Thud!

Spiera’s thoughts suddenly ended. She opened her eyes and abruptly raised her head, and saw Yu IlHan with a broken wooden spear. He was also looking back towards her while blinking.

“Wao.”

Muttered Yu IlHan in a small voice. Looking at that figure, Spiera’s lips slightly trembled.

[You…… don’t tell me you?] (Spiera)

“I think I took the first step.”

Humbly replied Yu IlHan. However, Spiera could not agree with that.

[One step, you say. At the point you poured that power into the spear, you already……] (Spiera)

The giant blob of metal that could be seen behind him. In the middle, there was a long and sharp scar that could not have been created by a wooden spear.

The sharpness of a sword that was more specialized in slashing. He had succeeded in imbuing that power onto the spear.

Well, of course, although it would be relatively easier to do since the spear and the sword had more in common than the others, it still was an abnormally fast training speed.

[O, only half a month has passed.] (Spiera)

Spiera couldn’t say anything anymore.

She knew that Yu IlHan was not ordinary the moment she heard that he trained martial arts while enduring a thousand years alone. However, in her eyes, endurance was not the most amazing thing about him.

The biggest power that her contractor had, was neither his positive personality, nor his endurance, but his ‘talent’.



Chapter 124

Although it was a little off to say that ‘time passed quickly’, the two months inside the barrier seemed like it was shortening faster the busier Yu IlHan and co moved around.

They felt like it was just ‘yesterday’ when they said it was going to be a boring 2 months of closed-door training, but now, only 75 hours, a little more than 3 days, were left.

The elves marvelously suffered to raise all sorts of their skill levels and trained their basic combat abilities to a deeper level, and Ericia strengthened herself additionally with wolf meat. Especially Ericia, as she reached level 98, she was the highest level amongst Yu IlHan’s subordinates.

However, if level decided everything, then Yu IlHan wouldn’t have been able to roam around Dareu while bringing ruin to everything. Of course, even Ericia couldn’t win against Yumir. It was the same with the elves too even though they were equipped with legend ranked equipments.

Yumir, who perhaps inherited a little too much of his father’s talent, raised his skill levels the fastest, with the highest being concealment at level 70.

Since none of Yu IlHan’s subordinates could find him if he decided to conceal himself properly, when sparring, they’d try to catch him before he went into concealment but end up missing him and be KO’ed with a wind bullet to their backs. That was the same when all of them fought together against him.

“Even if it’s the Imperial Prince, we can’t lose so easily like this.”

“We need to hit him somehow before the barrier dispels.”

“However, even if we break his concealment, it’s still hard for us to win against him in close combat……”

“Wind magic is scary too. Dragons’ chantless casting is so OP.”

As seen, perhaps due to his father, or perhaps Lecidna had talent for physical combat, but Yumir’s close combat was also very fast.

As weaponry like the spear and the sword were meaningless once he reverted back into dragon form, he focused on physical combat, but as a result of his ‘focus’, Physical Combat has reached level 60 in the two months.

Physical Combat level 60 might sound like it’s quite low, but if you consider how Mirey, who trained in the sword and physical combat for hundreds of years in Dareu, had Physical Combat skill at level 50, it was very high. Of course, it could be hard to simply compare because she focused more on the sword.

[Mir is the best.] (Liera)

“Noona’s the best too!”

[Owww, so cute.] (Liera)

Liera, who received a critical damage to her heart due to Yumir’s ambush attack, just hugged him and rolled on the ground. Erta was a little jealous thinking that they looked like a mother and son playing around, but eventually decided to not mind about it so much; she monopolized him when it was magic training session anyway.

[Are all dragons like this? He’s exceptional even in regards to wielding mana. I’m even thinking it was a miracle that Yu IlHan massacred them all.] (Erta)

[He’s Mir’s dad after all.] (Liera)

Checking Yumir’s current state, who had been reborn in the past two months to become a fighting power that didn’t lack in any part, the angels were only dumbfounded.

On the outside, he was just a seven year-old kid, who was as cute as an angel, but the contents were a monster that could fell a normal 3rd class monster with ease.

Yumir didn’t only go through technical development. He really arduously cannibalized on his kin and raised his stats permanently along with his levels. Levels didn’t increase that much, but his stats did so every so often, so it was even more of a profit.

However, to the 4 elves and the wolfkin princess who intended to support their lord, it was very insulting for them to lose against his son.

“3rd class. If we just earn 3rd class, then we maybe able to win against the young master.”

“But what is the Imperial Prince also undergoes 3rd class advancement?”

“That’s why we want to finish our class advancement missions fast and win against the young master even once before he advanced to his third class.”

Ericia ate wolf meat again and again. She wanted to grow until she was able to undergo 3rd class advancement missions until the barrier was dissolved.

“We can’t lag behind.”

“If I want to receive His Majesty’s love, I need to be at least the strongest among the subordinates.”

“Paté, please restrain yourself.”

On the other side, the elves could neither raise their stats with wolf or dragon meat, nor could they raise their levels, so their sense of crisis was the highest, and desperately put in their efforts into getting stronger. From how it made them rise to new heights, it wasn’t such a bad thing.

And Yu IlHan of course influenced his subordinates’ growths. To be exact, it was his Rule skill. The more his subordinates thought that they wanted to get stronger for Yu IlHan, the effect of the Rule skill also expanded.

Yu IlHan thought that Ericia wouldn’t follow Yu IlHan from the bottom of her heart, but it wasn’t like that either.

Not only dragons, but the majority of the monsters worshipped power, so it was natural that Ericia was smitten with Yu IlHan’s abilities, and the fact that Yu IlHan gave her all the wolfkin meat also served to bring out her loyalty towards him.

Ericia was now bound to Yu IlHan for her life anyway. It was unknown before she was subordinated, but now he even respected her and gave her things, what good would it do for her to hate him?

Of course, she also had some expectations to be given an amazing artifact like the elves if she appealed her loyalty while serving him.

No, it wasn’t just ‘some’ expectations. Her master made legend ranked equipments like nothing so perhaps she would get one too!

Like that, Yu IlHan succeeded in receiving her loyalty without him knowing. Of course, whether or not Ericia’s expectations were fulfilled was up to whether Yu IlHan felt like it or not.

Well then. What the ‘served’ being was doing right now, was of course, making artifacts. Not those that would be released through Vanguard, but for himself.

He also had made plenty of large scale install-style weapons to be used in large battles too. It was now time to make things for himself.

“Hmm, Let’s make some weapons, and since my current armor is of the fire attribute, let’s make one of the water attirbute, yes. If it’s possible, I want to be able to move around freely in the water.”

Humming, Yu IlHan spun around the hammer on his left hand.

Well, of course, it was fun to make items to sell, but the most enjoyable moment was none other than when making stuff for himself!

Above all, whether it was the standard-tier weapons, or the specialized ones, he could not use 4th class materials. Not only was it bothersome once an annoying user restrictions popped up, Yu IlHan didn’t want to give them what he had to use for himself either.

However, now that he was thinking about making things for himself using 4th class materials, he was feeling hyped. He really was a pervert.

Spiera couldn’t hold it and ended up interrupting him.

[Isn’t your spear and your armor already splendid?] (Spiera)

To be exact, it was already above her own artifacts. Even though it was just made from lower world materials!

However, Yu IlHan firmly shook his head and spoke.

“Look at my spear for example. The attack power is so high so I can use it anywhere, but against non-dragons, it isn’t even worthy to be called ‘epic’ ranked. I can’t rely on this forever. Well, of course, it would be the best if I make a weapon that fits all situations……”

However, just as he was about to continue, something flashed in Yu IlHan’s head again. It was not different from a blueprint that added more flesh to his imaginations before.

The inspiration was so sudden, and the next moment, it tried to leave. However, he would absolutely not let it go this time!

Yu IlHan urgently took out a piece of paper and spread it on the anvil and drew the scene in his head.

From another’s view, they would call it a Hollywood overaction, but as he was as focused as the first time he watched porn, he didn’t even now how he looked right now.

And Spiera, who watched him from beginning to end, knew too well what Yu IlHan was drawing.

[Is this…… Don’t tell me it’s a magic formation?] (Spiera)

Drawings and symbols, and ‘language’ that even Spiera, who lived for quite a long time in Heaven’s Army, could barely understand. Moreover, this ‘language’ looked quite familiar, it was definitely……

[The Trap of Destruction. Oh my word…] (Spiera)

The decisive reason why Heaven’s Army could manage so many worlds, the prison that attracted and entrapped monsters. The ancient language of magic that was used in creating Traps of Destruction that had the power to create Dungeons, was being filled with on Yu IlHan’s blueprint right now!

[Liera! Erta!] (Spiera)

In fear of interrupting Yu IlHan’s work, Spiera shouted to Liera and Erta through the whisper function in angel’s ring. The angels, who were in the middle of ‘helping’ their trainees with digestion, tilted their heads at their superior’s call even though they were only 20 meters apart, but still headed towards her anyway.

[I need to make them suffer a little more.] (Liera)

[What is it? We’re in the same place so why is there a need to… call……] (Erta)

Erta was the first to notice Yu IlHan’s performance. She realized that Yu IlHan was having an out-of-session art time, and after realizing what he was drawing on there, she looked closely in disbelief.

[How does Yu IlHan…?] (Erta)

[I wanted to ask you that. Did you teach it to him?] (Spiera)

Erta ended up smiling in futility when she heard Spiera’s question.

[You should know better than me that I’m not at a level where I can teach this to others.] (Erta)

[I wonder if he learned it while creating the Traps of Destruction.] (Erta)

[That’s not enough. There’s no way he could understand the meaning behind that language so much with just that.] (Spiera)

Spiera firmly shook her head. Continuing, her sharp gaze was directed to Liera, but she had her jaws agape in joy looking at Yu IlHan’s work. Spiera came to a conclusion quickly.

[It’s not this idiot either, then…] (Spiera)

[Of course, she’s an idiot. As such, if Yu IlHan learned the language of Heaven, then it……] (Erta)

…is self learned, or so Erta was about to reply when she realized something. There was a skill amongst the numerous maxed out skills in Yu IlHan’s posession, that could influence this situation.

[Language skill……] (Erta)

[What did you say just now?] (Spiera)

[Language skill. His Language skill is level max.] (Erta)

Spiera became speechless. What could she do when it was the Language skill that reached the extreme level? She had never even seen such beings before!

She eventually ended up watching Yu IlHan’s blueprint design along with Erta and Liera. There was nothing else she could do!

An unknown amount of time passed, and Yu IlHan put down his pen.

However, what he said with his mouth was neither exclamation towards himself nor any satisfaction.

“Dammit.”

It was disappointment.

“It’s not enough.”

[Hatred?] (Liera)

“No, magic stones.”

[Ouch.] (Liera)

He smacked on Liera’s forehead after seriously replying to her joke. Then, he said some unbelievable things.

“I need the magic stone of a higher existence. At least 5th class. It looks like I need to eventually fight them.”

[You really are cocky, thinking you want to fight higher existences for supplying materials……] (Erta)

“But not now. So I can’t make this now.”

Yu IlHan rolled up the blueprint and threw it inside his inventory. He decided to feel satisfied with just being able to leave behind his inspirations on paper permanently. Now, he had no choice but to make things with whatever materials he had

“One whip, one hammer, and one armor. I think that should be enough.”

Why was it not a spear? It was because his progress on Great Cosmos-severing Spear he was learning under Spiera was halted nowadays.

Was it because he succeeded in putting the power of the sword into the spear? He trained while thinking that he wanted to imbue the power of a whip or a blunt weapon into the spear, but it was Yu IlHan being greedy for too much. Although it was becoming faster and sharper, it was just that.

Of course, Spiera was already plenty shocked at his current progress, but Yu IlHan wasn’t so satisfied. That was why he was creating a weapon that was not a spear.

Although his weapon mastery was already at max level, there would be some insights if he fought an expert with that weapon. He wished that that insight would add onto acquiring the Great Cosmos-severing Spear.

He felt that the strategy to focus on the spear was gone at this point, but he couldn’t help it as this was also to learn an advanced spear technique, or so he excused himself.

His intentions behind creating weapons was very clear.

Now that he could not set an objective like ‘I’m going to fight against such and such monster’, or ‘I’m going to have to fight under such and such environment’, he could only make an all-rounder weapon that could be used under any conditions.

Mana crafting was the same. Rather than emphasizing on a certain objective, he created an environment to bring out the best of the magic stone’s capabilities. He couldn’t make any more ‘specialized’ weapons like the Eight-tailed dragon spear that did not do its ‘rank value’ under some conditions.

[Insantely Passionate Spiked Black dragon whip was completed.]

[Destruction-calling Titan’s Resonance Thunderhammer was completed.]

The results were splendid. Both the whip and the hammer were completed into legend ranks, and as Yu IlHan wished, they were good weapons that were near perfection onits own. Above all, he was satisfied that there was an unexpected blow.

Of course, the one he was more satisfied with was the hammer.

“Good, hammers are all about ringing.”

[Are you going on a solo-raid or something?]

A gigantic hammer that was purely made from Karrows’ dragon bones. The hammer had a special option attached that Yu IlHan didn’t intend for, and he felt that it was appeared after considering his achievements in the process of mana crafting.

“Now that it came to this, let’s polish the dragon bone throwing spears, and shields too.”

[You really make a lot out of dragon bones.] (Erta)

“I used so much, but I still have around 200 dragons worth of materials.”

Yu IlHan polished thousands of throwing spears along with shields and other support-type equipments he made for fighting dragons, before going into making the armor.

He pursued universality for his weapons, but armor was a different story.

Wasn’t Yu IlHan’s current armor, ‘Iron-armored fire dragon’s Biting Dark python Fullplate armor’, endure almost all environments due to its overwhelming defense stats and high fire attriubute resistance, which was came in handy in most battlefields?

As such, Yu IlHan wanted to make an armor that covered his current one’s weaknesses. Yes, like what he muttered last time, he wanted to make an armor for an underwater battle!

[*Groan*, this human really is……] (Spiera)

[Rejoice, Spiera. You will feel that strange feeling a lot more from now on!] (Erta)

[That surprisingly does not make me happy at all!] (Spiera)

On the blackish-red thin armor that Yu IlHan created while investing dragon bones and all the bones of the demon wolf, Quesad, Yu IlHan thought of the snowy plains while undergoing mana crafting with the magic stone that Quesad dropped. It was the record he had the most in relation to water.

The rest was bringing out the suitable options for underwater battles out of this record. That was Yu IlHan’s specialty.

[Chilly Blizzard tyrant’s Mixed bone Fullplate armor was completed.]

And his mana crafting succeeded in bearing fruit.

[Chilly Blizzard tyrant’s Mixed bone Fullplate armor]

[Rank – Legend]

[Defense – 7,300]

[Durability – 11,500/11,500]

[Options –

1. 90% increase in water attribute resistance.

1. 50% increase in water attribute attack power.

3. Becomes able to create ice by using water and mana. This ice can be freely controlled, and the hardness increases according to the amount of mana and water consumed.]

[User restrictions – Dragon Slayer]

[An attribute-specialized armor that was born from a smith that wields the power of miracles. It is an armor that reflects the crafter’s will to survive under any extreme conditions.]

“……Huh?”

And quite a lot, in a direction that Yu IlHan didn’t intend for.



Chapter 125

Even after finishing off the armor, Yu IlHan’s smithing did not stop, however, since he had made everything he needed to, the time he spent smithing decreased a lot. If so, it would be good if he trained in the Great Cosmos-severing Spear, but he did not do so.

“Good, I’ll master it in 5 hours.”

[It looks really uncool though……] (Liera)

What he used that time to practice was ‘swapping’. ‘Swapping’ the armor he is currently wearing to the one inside his inventory. And with as little a delay as possible too!

Now that he had prepared a fire attribute armor and a water attribute armor, swapping was an important technique.

Of course, until now, he did swap weapons or took out multiple of them during battle, but swapping weapons that are used with the two hands, and swapping a full plate armor over his body differed a lot in difficulty.

If Yu IlHan’s body movement was even the slightest bit off, then only the armor he was currently wearing will go inside his inventory, and the new armor won’t be worn, and therefore, he would be put in a difficult position. Mostly, around his thighs.

[It would be good even if you strip, though.] (Liera)

“It will bring about a physical and a mental trauma so no. To prevent such unbroadcastable situations from happening, I’m wearing a basic leather armor beneath and will wear a fullplate armor above.

If a pretty woman stripped, then any man would welcome it, but no one would like it even if Yu IlHan stripped. Although the world did nothing for him, he did not want to cause any damage to the world either.

“Nowadays, super rangers get interrupted in mid-transformation too.”

[Is changing clothes considered transformation too?] (Spiera)

It was a really nostalgic line, but Yu IlHan decided not to retort. Somehow, Spiera was trying to spit out some old jokes…….

“I’m doing this while staying still right now, but as I get used to it, I’m going to train until I can do this while running, jumping, swinging my weapon, shooting the pile bunker, embedding a pillar on the ground, being shot away, being shot into the water, and finally when I’m suddenly warped into space.”

[That’s already beyond human. Oh, sorry. You left the realm of humanity already.] (Erta)

Even though he was just learning to walk right now, he was somehow looking to resist spatial warps as he trained,

Instantly recognizing the state of his body, and transferring that to his brain, and taking off his armor and wearing a new one at the same time. Although this looked easy to do, it was only possible with absurd spatial recognition and thought process speed.

He thought that this training wouldn’t just end with swapping his armor fast. Recognizing himself very accurately within a 3rd dimensional space would become of great help in wielding his inventory that was no different from a small world.

If he succeeded in recognizing himself perfectly, then his next objective would be other objects, then other people, and then the world. Although he wasn’t utilizing his inventory’s remote collection function, he shall do it in due time!

[Yu IlHan is making a creepy smile…….] (Erta)

[It’s alright. I’m already used to it.] (Liera)

The angels were speaking very rude things, but Yu IlHan ignored them all.

Everyone was complaining about the life in this closed space, but now that the end was near, they did their best to become even a little stronger. As if the 2nd Great Cataclysm would arrive just after this!

Yu IlHan was the same. As he moved around busily at a 1:3:4 ratio of metalworking:swapping:Great Cosmos-severing Spear training, when he was just about to perfect his armor swapping, there were less than 10 hours of the barrier duration left.

At that point, he was switching between several different armor while moving around violently on the spot, and it looked as if he was dancing in a nightclub.

“chcka-jug-jug chcka-jug-jug”1

“Dad is so cool!”

[That’s bad for the child’s education! Are you going to take responsibility if Mir’s sense of humor becomes horrible?] (Erta)

Now that he became able to switch armors during a techno-dance, Yu IlHan decided to finish off his swapping training session.

Returning the disappointed Mir to his magic training session, he was thinking about what else to prepare to be praised as perfect when he thought of something, which was the accessories.

There were a total of four accessories in Yu IlHan’s equipments, and excluding the Rapid Lightning storm’s Gold leather bracelet, which was unique ranked, the rest was a low rare rank that increased his mana recovery speed by 10%.

Until now, he used mana potions whenever he ran out, but he was almost running out of the mana potions he acquired from killing the 4th class mage. In this situation where the only mana potion he could make was Breath, mana recovery ability was a big problem.

“How many accessories can I wear right now?”

He opened the plastic bag where he gathered the bits and pieces left over from his metalworking and melted them down with the power of the Eternal Flame as he confirmed with the angels. Liera scanned his body and came to a calculation.

[5 at most? is what you can endure.] (Liera)

[Isn’t 4 the highest he can do without any clashes?] (Erta)

2 (Spiera)

Liera and Spiera said 5, and Erta, 4. Yu IlHan decided to put away all other accessories than the Gold leather bracelet, and decided to make 4 more accessories.

He could just throw away one if he felt that 5 of them clashed.

[I want to see IlHan wearing an earring!] (Liera)

[A necklace is the best since it doesn’t disturb you when wearing armor. Since you’re wearing the Gold leather bracelet, it would also be good if you make another bracelet for your other wrist.] (Erta)

Up until here, were very normal comments. 2 earrings, 1 necklace, and 1 bracelet added up to 5 too.

However, the angels’ delusions didn’t stop there and amplified.

[Isn’t piercing all about the tongue? Although I prefer formal attire nowadays, in the past…….] (Spiera)

[Ah, I think one on the belly button would be sexy too.] (Liera)

[On Yu IlHan? Hm, Hmmm……I think the lips would be the most charming. How about a lip piercing?] (Erta)

“There there. Please talk about the rest to the Masai tribal chief.”

Yu IlHan’s mental limit was the ears. Ignoring the angels’ pouting silent protests, he poured the molten metal into the cast and solidified them.

Then, he took out a carving knife and started crafting carefully, and as he was making this from dragon bones, he carved out dragons on the earrings, the necklace and the bracelet. The dragons in hell would all rejoice.

Perhaps due to having got used to crafting while working on the Traps of Destruction, the work ended quite quickly. two earrings, one bracelet, and one necklace was finished, and the only thing left was mana crafting.

“I think I should save up on the 4th class magic stones.”

[Don’t you still have around 20 of them excluding the ones you’ve used up?] (Erta)

“They will all have their uses, later. All of them.”

Muttering a very suspicious line, Yu IlHan took out a 3rd class magic stone and grabbed it on one hand. As the materials were dragon bones, the limit of mana absorption was very high and he had to consume more than 3 magic stones for each accessory.

[Destruction-preventing Swift Cursed dragon Earring was completed.]

As dragon bones were near OP level as materials, and had great affinity with dragonkin magic stones, the results were splendid.

The bracelet came out with options to increase mana recovery speed by 20% and to absorb enemy attack magic a little, and the two earrings also came out as a unique ranked accessories with incredible options such as 25% increase in mana recovery and 30% increase in curse and poison resistance respectively.

And in the case of the necklace, a 30% increase in mana recovery option and enemy attack magic absorption were attached. At this point, Erta tilted her head and suggested to Yu IlHan.

[Why don’t you throw away the Gold leather bracelet and make a new accessory?] (Erta)

“No, I can’t give up on the lightning blade storm.”

[You haven’t even used it once properly…….] (Erta)

[Don’t fight and just extract it.] (Liera)

“……Should I?”

Liera’s suggestion to extract the options with a 3rd class magic stone and mana craft it into a bracelet made of dragon materials along with other 3rd class magic stones, came back with an awesome result.

This was the result that came up when he extracted the options in the Gold leather bracelet and mana crafted it onto a bracelet he made with the scales of a dragon that wielded lightning magic, along with two more 3rd class magic stones:

[Lightning god’s wrathful Lightspeed Dragonic bracelet]

[Rank – Legend]

[User restrictions – Dragon Slayer]

[Durability – 3,200/3,200]

[Options-

1. Stores mana by absorbing mana from the surroundings and can generate a mid-scale lightning storm with the user as the center. Can store up to 3 times worth of mana, and can release all of the mana at once to generate a large-scale storm. When hit by an enemy’s magic, it can steal a considerable amount of mana from it and store it, and in the case of lightning magic, more than 50% will be absorbed.

2. 40% increase in mana recovery speed.

3. 30% increase in mana utility speed.]

He was now a step closer to his dream of a lightning blade storm.

“Oh my.”

[That’s another treasure that looks like it is from Heaven’s Army’s treasury……] (Erta)

The moment Yu IlHan confirmed the options on his bracelet, he started making a new bracelet immediately. Of course, with the dragon scales he used just now to make that bracelet!

“It will be a jackpot even if I get the same mana recovery and utility speed!’

[And your true intentions?] (Erta)

“Now is the time for my dream of a Double Thunderstorm!”

Leaking his childish desire without holding back, Yu IlHan sped up the process! Dreaming of himself sweeping monsters with lightning storms, he consumed 3rd class magic stones without holding back and mana crafted. The blinding light made him predict of its outcome.

The light receded, and the completed bracelet was now placed in Yu IlHan’s two eyes. The bracelet that has more power than before! Green text rolled up on Yu IlHan’s retina.

[Frenzied and Leisurely Lightning ruler’s Dragonic bracelet was completed.]

[Frenzied and Leisurely Lightning ruler’s Dragonic bracelet]

[Rank – Legend]

[User Restrictions – 3rd class Lightning-class mage. Level 60 or higher in advanced lightning magic. Magic stat 350 or higher]

[Durability – 3,800/3,800]

[Options –

1. 20% increase in attack power and attack range of lightning magic. 50% increase in lightning attribute resistance.

2. 30% increase in mana recovery speed, and 30% increase in magic incantation speed.

3. Can turn and control mana into high concentration, high efficiency lightning.]

[One of the miracles that the a blacksmith made on his path to becoming a legend. Only the highly trained among the lightning wielders will be able to bring out the power of this accessory.]

Bullshit ‘success’. It was another pie in the sky.

“Hey, since everyone’s reincarnating, even the pie in the sky did!”

[Be honest. You didn’t major in business management but in banter at university, right?] (Erta)

“I was about to go to uni but everyone suddenly disappeared so I couldn’t, duh.”

Not to mention lightning class mage, there was no mage at all in Yu IlHan’s team. He asked the elves since there were a few mages he remembered amongst them, but it seemed there were none that wielded lightning magic.

Yu IlHan laughed in vain and threw the artifact inside his inventory. Now that thing was useless. He could only sell it to Kang MiRae at a high price.

[It seems that woman won’t be able to pay her debt for her entire lifetime…….] (Erta)

[Her eyes looked out of the ordinary last time, but what do I do if she suddenly says ‘I will pay it back using my entire life’? Should I decide what to do after snapping her legs first?] (Liera)

[Sometimes, I really wonder how you managed to stay as an angel, Liera] (Erta)

Yu IlHan produced several bracelets in his wish for another bracelet with the same options, and did so in the completely same manner as he made the other one, but all 12 of the bracelets were just ordinary ‘unique’ ranked bracelets with 25% increase in mana recovery speed and other trivial options.

Meaning, he had to give up on the Double Thunderstorm.

“Wai kan I not be happie! Waiii!”

[It’s not like legend ranked artifacts pop out all the time.] (Liera)

[In fact, active options such as the lightning storm are not that common. It is also why Liera recommended you to extract the option too.] (Erta)

“……I know…. I feel like I just placed 12 locks on my house even though it was robbed of everything.”

Now that it came to this, Yu IlHan decided to distribute the bracelets to his subordinates, 2 each. Of course, his subordinates were flabbergasted with his ‘bestowal’.

Although the second option were different for all of them, as all of them had 25% increase in mana recovery speed, with this distribution, all of Yu IlHan’s subordinates now got a 50% boost in mana recovery speed.

“Now that it came to this, I should just make them accessories too.”

[It’s not easy to find work like this too…..] (Liera)

Unlike Yu IlHan, the maximum number of accessories for his subordinates was 4. Receiving their request, Yu IlHan created their accessories.

The elves all wanted an earring and a ring each as if they consulted beforehand, and Ericia asked for two earrings that could stay on even when she transformed into a wolf, and Yumir also wanted two earrings.

After all the crafting process was over, only 3 minutes were left of the barrier duration.

“Ah, that’s satisfying. I should wash up and sleep now.”

[You sound like a housewife who just finished cleaning.] (Erta)

Yu IlHan dispelled the barrier after confirming that all his subordinates had finished what they were doing. The world started spinning again without even knowing that Yu IlHan and co stopped time for two months.

“Today is a complete holiday, so do whatever you want, whether it’s sleeping or going out. However, do resolve yourselves since tomorrow onwards will be busy.”

“Yes, Your Majesty!”

“Thank you, master!”

Replied the elves and Ericia.

However, would they go to gangnam and drink some soju when they knew nothing? They all followed Yu IlHan in order to sleep. Feeling like a mother duck leading her ducklings, Yu IlHan left the building.

“Ah.”

“How can this be.”

They were completely fine when they were inside the workshop which was unchanging even as time passed, but now that they came out, they felt the disjunction seeing the humans finally moving.

“So time truly did stop……Master is amazing.”

“It’s not my power but from an artifact so relax your eyes right now.”

As they weren’t Yu IlHan who suffered for a millennium in a stopped Earth, they looked very discomfortable with 2 months of disjunction. Yu IlHan couldn’t comprehend them and tilted his head, and Yumir, who was the only intact one amongst his subordinates, imitated him.

“It’s better if you give up on understanding. Just accept it as it is.”

“Your Majesty is amazing!”

As Mirey’s eyes were out of focus as she said that, Yu IlHan took them to the apartment and made them sleep. In situations like these, alcohol was not the cure, but sleep was. They would be fine after a good rest.

Yu IlHan washed up with Yumir and played around while lazing around. They played a PvP game when the angels kicked in, so he surfed on the web after leaving them to play.

“Although nothing much should have happened since not much time passed…… Oh the latest news. An unknown island country in South America was destroyed again. Although, this is also a prediction since all satellites are now broken.”

[Since it gets harder and harder as monsters rampage more, the weak humans can only die even if they gather up. It’s an unfortunate thing…… Ah.] (Erta)

Erta, who was weak at physical stuff unlike the other angels, lost against them quickly and came to Yu IlHan’s side.

Was it due to not playing the game? She was also the quickest among the three to gather information from angel network.

[Yu IlHan. I think there’s another connection with an Abandoned World?] (Erta)

“Again? They simply won’t give me the time to rest.”

[Huh? You’re right! Counting with Earth time, not even 10 days passed since the incident with Kiroa! ….. Oh dang, I lost!] (Liera)

Liera, who reacted the second fastest to the urgent news on the angel network, lost against Spiera in the car race. Meanwhile, Spiera, who kept her cool in whatever environment she was in, and won the game, turned off the game and spoke.

[Wasn’t this already prophesied? What the Destruction Demon Army said to you should not be a lie. Now that Earth is turning very extreme, it will be instead easier for you if you think that there will be at least twice more of such incidents until the 2nd Great Cataclysm. Of course, there would be no worlds with overwhelming battle power like Dareu.] (Spiera)

“And? What if the 2nd Great Cataclysm happens?”

[There will be even more connections. I really shouldn’t boast about this, but there are many Abandoned Worlds that Heaven could not protect. Well then, it’s about time to leave.] (Spiera)

Said Spiera while turning off the game console and putting it deep inside the drawer just in case Liera wanted to play again. However, Yu IlHan did not give her the answer she wanted.

“……Somehow, this stinks.”

“Dad, I didn’t fart!”

“Mir’s fart doesn’t stink. What I meant by stinks is something else.”

Yu IlHan’s eyes flashed. Erta thought that ‘what should come has come’ after seeing his eyes. Whenever he had those eyes, Yu IlHan said nonsensical stuff, but frustratingly, his nonsense always came true!

“Hey, angels.”

Like a psychic, Yu IlHan asked.

“Do the higher existences work together between groups too?”



Chapter 126

The declaration from a higher existence belonging to the Destruction Demon Army, and the connections to other worlds one after the other was proving the statement.

Yu IlHan consulted Kang MiRae about this, and she, with her exceptional abilities had informed the other ability user groups of Earth.

Moreover, as all of them experienced the absurd amount of monsters from Kiroa, literally all ability users agreed to participate if such a thing happened again. Even if it was to acquire Vanguard higher standard weapons, at least they would still do so.

However, Yu IlHan was worried about that. He didn’t like the fact that humanity, in its entirety, was focused on one incident.

This situation, where all ability users and governments flew at these incidents like dogs at a bone.

“While we’re focusing on Abandoned Worlds, wouldn’t some people plot something?”

[What I’m getting from you is that you think the Destruction Demon Army can connect Earth with Abandoned Worlds as they wish?] (Erta)

“I don’t think they’re that capable. If they were, then Earth would have been doomed long time ago. What I want to say is that they have a restricted power. For convenience let’s name it ‘Open Gate’.”

For example, they perhaps might be able to use ‘Open Gate’ to delay or bring forward the time of the connection, or perhaps they might be able to know beforehand when and where the connection happens.

[That’s plenty horrible.] (Erta)

[But now it sounds a whole lot more plausible. Although it’s frustrating to say this, the ruler of the Destruction Demon Army has a considerably amazing ability.] (Liera)

“And only when presuming that our enemy has ‘Open Gate’, does the possibility of working together between groups becomes possible. ‘Open Gate’ only becomes worth it under one precondition.”

Spiera received his words. Her voice was now starting heat up as well.

[A spy that can relay essential information real-time.] (Spiera)

“Yes. And a spy that has a grasp on the situation on the people who are quite capable, including me.”

Yes. If Destruction Demon Army were not aware of the situation on the ability users of Earth, then they would not be able to react so calmly. And potential spies were right in front of Yu IlHan as well.

In front of the 3 angels, Yu IlHan calmly declared.

“There are spies among the guardian angels attached to the ability users. And I said that in plural.”

[We have predicted that much. However, never did I think that they were cooperating with the Destruction Demon Army.] (Spiera)

Just what was their objective? Destruction Demon Army’s dogma, ‘Pure Destruction’, should not be comfortable to the traitors from the Army of Brilliant Light, either! And why is the Destruction Demon Army following their will anyway!] (Spiera)

Spiera fell into confusion and spat out lots of nonsense. Yu IlHan bitterly smiled and calmed her down.

“All of this is just my estimation. There are plenty of unnatural points about it. Don’t believe my words unconditionally. It will be fine to look for the reason after the truth is revealed.”

[I think your words are right, though.] (Spiera)

[I do not doubt it one bit. 100%] (Erta)

[At this point, I’m wondering if the world revolves according to IlHan’s words.] (Liera)

“Good, then let’s move under the pretext that I’m right.”

Leaving aside all, there was one sure thing.

“Whether it’s the Destruction Demon Army or the Army of Brilliant Light that is behind this, there should be some kind of group that are directing the people’s attention to the Abandoned Worlds. And my objective is to find that and destroy it.”

[That sounds very dangerous. That means you are not going to prevent the connection with Abandoned Worlds.] (Liera)

[If you are wrong, you might be at a point of no return.] (Erta)

“It’s alright. I prepared some things just in case something like this happened, while I was in the barrier…… And so, Erta, why don’t you do some delivery?”

Delivery, huh. Erta realized that someone could actually make a higher existence nervous with a single word, but she could only nod at Yu IlHan’s smile.

Erta put the ‘various items’ that took one tenth of Yu IlHan’s inventory into hers, and flew away. As he had told them to move around in secret while not being found by the other angels as all of them were potential spies, she would probably be alright.

Yu IlHan then woke up the sleeping Ericia and ordered her to bring the strong wolves over level 180 over to Earth.

Although he would have to take the risks, this situation was also the biggest opportunity for them to be accepted on Earth. Above all, they could not go against Yu IlHan’s orders, so they had to do what they were told to do.

Ericia, who was aware of that fact, made a disappointed expression momentarily, but still accepted his orders and left.

As she was carrying unique ranked claws to be equipped on wolf elite force, the army under her lead would be able to achieve considerable things.

Finally, Yu IlHan woke up the elves and ordered them after explaining to them the situation.

“You guys go and fight too. Hide your identities properly, and above all, the most important thing is safety. When you go to the battlefield, meet up with Erta, and leave as soon as you determine that the situation is becoming dangerous.”

“As long as I have the artifact Your Majesty has bestowed upon me, I have the confidence to survive against 4th classes.”

“Do not be confident of anything either.”

“Yes!”

Ordered Yu IlHan to the elves, and after that he pondered for a long time, but in the end, he put down Yumir on the floor and met his eyes.

“What does Mir want to do?”

“I want to fight and get stronger!”

Yumir was still in shounen-manga protagonist mode. Normally, Yu IlHan would laugh and embrace him, but it was a little different now. Yu IlHan couldn’t accompany him to that battlefield.

“In that place, dad won’t be there, so I can’t protect you. Of course, since I won’t be there, there will be more opportunities for you to fight…… but do you really want to go and fight?”

“Yeah! I want to become stronger!”

He did ponder about this since he knew that it would come to this. However…… Yu IlHan decided to leave them to take care of those incidents as he believed in the talents of the elves, Erta, and most importantly, his son.

“Very well. However, do not participate in incidents that may endanger your life. And keep yourself concealed as much as possible. Promise me, okay?”

“Yeah, promise!”

Smiling brightly, Yumir pinky-promised with Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan was still worried and so, put a sturdy dragon bone helmet on his head, and equipped him a chest protector made of dragon bones. Continuing, he gave him some Breath, and gave the remaining mana potions to him as well.

[So you’ve made a helmet. But why is there no armor, when there’s a chest protector?] (Spiera)

“He’ll advance to 3rd class soon, so he will be hurt if he’s wearing armor at that moment. I made the helmet while considering his growth so that’s fine.”

[I don’t get whether you cherish your son or not.] (Spiera)

The elves gathered with one intention after looking at Yu IlHan taking out various things for Yumir.

“We will protect Mir-nim with our lives!”

“Even if I have to sacrifice my soul, I’ll definitely protect the Imperial Prince!”

Of course, retorting specialist Yu IlHan retorted to them as well.

“Cut the crap, and all of you must survive and come back. I’ll exaggerate a little, but I don’t care about whether other people die or not, so don’t you guys dare die, got it?”

“Yes!”

“Dad, I’ll be going!”

“Yes, mir. Don’t get hurt.”

And so, when the elves and Yumir left, silence arrived instantly.

Even though quite a lot of people were chatting inside the barrier made by the Hourglass of Eternity just a while ago, there were only two angels excluding Yu IlHan. He reminisced about his dropout period.

And Liera spoke to him.

[Now, out with your thoughts. There’s no way you’d move without conviction, is there?] (Liera)

“I’m not really all that sure. Although, I think I know what they’re aiming for.”

[Doesn’t the world call that ‘conviction’?] (Spiera)

“Cowards always leave a way out in whatever claims they make.”

In fact, Yu IlHan had already predicted to a certain point, what the Destruction Demon Army and the Army of Brilliant Light was trying to do by grouping up.

Isn’t there something not related to Abandoned Worlds among the things that Yu IlHan had experienced until now?

[……Ah, now that I think about it, the first traitor appeared because he tried to bring an army from another world that had the 4th class mage! I forgot about it since it was all quiet after that!] (Liera)

“Now you remember?” 1

It was a secret that Yu IlHan had also forgot about it recently. Wasn’t this all because of the Destruction Demon Army’s scheme? Anyway, he thought it was fine since he remembered it before it was too late.

“That mage said something about conquering earth through war. I thought it was over by killing that mage, but what if it is happening now?”

[Directing everyone’s eyes to Abandoned Worlds, and hiding the most vital gate connection, and calling an army from another world, right?] (Liera)

“Exactly.”

While the humans of Earth desperately fought against the monster army that only aimed for destruction and were without ego, an army from another world would nibble away on Earth with conquering as their objective.

If it does become like that, then both the Destruction Demon Army’s goal of calling destruction upon Earth, and the Army of Brilliant Light’s goal of calling other world forces to Earth, would be achieved.

[So that’s it. A connection with another world. That’s definitely it. The Army of Brilliant Light wishes for an army of another world to rule Earth.] (Liera)

[Then why is that? Even while torturing and executing the traitors, I could not find out the reason. Just why do they wish to conquer Earth with humanity from another world? Do they want to play God?] (Spiera)

The answer to that was unknown. Why would she ask Yu IlHan if even torture didn’t bring out an answer… Yu IlHan shrugged his shoulders and replied.

“That’s not my concern. What’s important is that I need to shred them to pieces before they eat Earth away.”

[Is there a place you have in mind? Otherwise, you’d have to search over the entire Earth.] (Liera)

“Is there a place I have in mind? I do.”

Yu IlHan put on the screen of his smartphone to where he was looking a while before. A line mentioning the destruction of a small country could be seen. Really, no one even commented on it.

Many of them would be interested more in the entertainment world news, and more of them would be interested in the big fight not too long ago, and even more of them would be more interested in Abandoned Worlds that spread out through the angels. It was now even more suspicious.

There were materials regarding what Kang MiRae investigated on as well. If there was an enemy that wished to invade Earth, Yu IlHan thought that now was the best time, since monsters were appearing everywhere and many Abandoned Worlds were being connected to Earth.

[Don’t tell me the downfall of these small countries has something to do with it?] (Liera)

“If it’s not then I can’t help it. I can only wish that the internet would give me the answer.”

Somehow, he remembered the time when he and Erta roamed around Seoul relying on his smartphone to look up where monsters appeared.

At that time too, Yu IlHan could somehow find the answer. He could save the people in places where his eyes could reach.

He wished that the same thing happened again.



Chapter 127

South America, on the ‘sea’ to the Atlantic ocean, Yu IlHan was currently grumbling.

“If I find a traitor this time, give me a flying vehicle that’s super strong and awesome.”

[We don’t build anything like that, since all of us angels can fly.] (Liera)

“Ugh! You really aren’t helping.”

The countries that Yu IlHan saw the need to go to were mostly island countries in South America. These countries were so small that their survival wasn’t even of interest after the Great Cataclysm.

It would be fortunate if there was any news of their downfall, and there were numerous countries that disappeared without a sound. Yu IlHan also wouldn’t have known if it was not for the information given by Kang MiRae.

At first, Yu IlHan was planning to conceal himself and take the plane, but he gave up after finding out that it took over 25 hours to Venezuela of South America even if he took the fastest train.

He had to give up meeting the beauties of Venezuela as well. And here, he was all looking forward to it since he saw beautiful women on magazines but not in person during his dropout period. Dammit!

[Good for you!] (Liera)

“Do all angels have mind-reading skills?”

And so, the method Yu IlHan chose was, as seen on the top, the ‘sea’. By ‘sea’ it didn’t mean refer to any ships or boats. They were even slower than planes.

Amazingly, Yu IlHan was currently running on top of water like the experts from wuxia novels. How? It was the combination of Superhuman strength and Leap skills, along with the remote collection function of his inventory to call out footholds… well, shields.

The process was very simple. First, he’d leap off the ground with all his power, and shoot through the air by using all the number of re-leaps available to him. Gaining speed through multiple re-leaps was easy with some practice.

Then, when he slowed down, he would transfer the weight of his inventory on himself to fall down towards the sea, and call out any kind of shield lying around in his inventory below him when he could see the sea surface, and use the shield as foothold to leap again, and the process repeats itself.

Like this, he could run an infinitely long distance without falling onto the sea. And at a speed that would leave Sonic behind in the dust!

The most important thing in this process was to collect the shield into his inventory. Although he looked a little off, in terms of speed, he was moving at 6 thousand kilometers per hour.

If a tuna suddenly flew up from the sea, then it would immediately disintegrate due to the collision with Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan was somehow looking forward to fresh tuna sushi while running at 6 thousand kilometers per hour, but unluckily nothing like that happened.

“But aren’t I a little too uncool? There.”

[You could just raise Mir and ride him.] (Liera)

“Rather than waiting for Mir’s 4th class, it might be faster for humanity to invent hoverboards that run with magic stones. No……”

Just as he was replying, lightning struck inside his head.

“No, I can just make it myself!”

[I shouldn’t have said that.] (Liera)

“How could I not think of that? Dammit, if I refer to the design I made last time, then I think I can make a vehicle……!”

However, it was too late to create something like that. Above all, as he was in the middle of the ocean, it was no environment to hammer on metals.

Then, it would be better to create a design by gathering the ideas in his head. Even while running on (strictly speaking, a little above) the sea at thousands of kilometers per hour, he took out a piece of paper from his inventory.

Well, rather than ‘paper’ it was closer to a piece of cloth, and it was a failed piece of cloth armor he made to wear underneath the leather armor, as it had no practical use. Anyway, it wouldn’t lose out in terms of strength of a canvas. Although, he didn’t want to compete with anything in that regard.

What he first of was what he mentioned just now: the hoverboard. The vehicle that lets a person fly through the skies.

However, thinking about it now, there was no meaning in making it into a vehicle. Not only was it inconvenient, it was inefficient as well.

“Vehicles have too much waste. I already have the leap skill, so to maximize it I should…….”

[So you’re making something like a paraglider.] (Liera)

“However, this is much more smart and powerful.”

After a few pieces of cloth were dumped into the sea, what appeared on Yu IlHan’s blueprint was a pair of wings made with metallic feathers. A beautiful pair of wings made of thousands of blades carved out delicately.

And on top of that, lines of text that even Liera and Spiera could not understand were being written. At first, they thought it was the language of Heaven, but it was actually a mixture of ancient elven language, and dragon tongue. This was a piece of art that only Yu IlHan could create as he had Language skill at max level.

Spiera exclaimed while seeing the metallic feathered wings, and the exquisite characters that decorated those wings.

[Truly beautiful. So you had talent in art too?]

“Yeah. I liked art. It was the time I could do things alone. Although I was alone all the time, only art represented the time that everyone else was alone as well. I had to fill the canvas without feeling lonely.”

Having unintentionally stepped on a landmine, Spiera didn’t know what to do. Looking at Liera who wanted to retort that the wings looked more aesthetic than pragmatic, but she refrained from doing so in fear of provoking Yu IlHan’s negative feelings.

Above all.

[But what are you going to do about the robe if you are going to attach this on your back? ……Huh?] (Liera)

With those words, Liera checked on the robe on Yu IlHan’s armor when she realized something. The scaly daggers attached onto the robe couldn’t be seen anymore.

[What about the blade lightning storm……?] (Liera)

“Actually, I tried it once, but the lightning storm’s power was too strong and the daggers couldn’t endure it……”

As such, Yu IlHan had no choice but to let go of his dream of blade lightning storm. And he hadn’t even used it once in battle! This was the greatest failure of his blacksmithing career.

“And so I decided to give new life to the daggers. Right now, Erta should be in the middle of delivering it.”

There were two options on the daggers. The option to shoot out when receiving shock, and the option to come back to the original place. In fact, there was no better ammo to use in shooting weapons.

Yu IlHan made quite a few portable weapons that could maximize the efficiency of those two options. Rather than being a decoration on the robe, it would be better if they were used in monster extermination.

Since it could let an ordinary human kill a 3rd class monster, the effect would be large. Yu IlHan was curious about what those Destruction Demon soldiers’ expressions would be when they encounter such a weapon.

“Moreover, if Miss MiRae’s magic comes into play, this. kekeke.”

[IlHan is making a cool expression again.] (Liera)

[I can see an island there. Although, it shouldn’t be one of the countries that met their downfall.] (Spiera)

As he had ran in a straight line from Seoul to the Atlantic while ignoring land or sea, he could find an island near his destination in just 3 hours.

An archipelago in the Atlantic that could be called a group of small countries.

Among those, only a few were reported to be ruined. However, the people had abandoned the archipelago long before that, and now, they weren’t even of interest.

Everyone knew that small scale islands would become dangerous as they learnt it while in other worlds, and the people with the luxury and money to move to other places had already left for large scale cities in escape of danger.

As such, the people remaining on the numerous islands had neither power nor courage to fight against the monsters, and they couldn’t leave their habitats either as they had insufficient wealth.

People did not care even if monsters appeared on these islands, whether the monsters ate the people, or whether a dungeon break occurred and monsters conquered the islands.

Even though they had no intentions of saving them in the first place, people called them ‘sacrifices’ that occurred inevitably in the process of Earth advancing to a new stage. Although, Yu IlHan himself couldn’t say anything since he did not think of them when he had acted.

And exactly because the environment was like this, it was the perfect place to hide from the view of the world and scheme things. Thinking about it, even if everyone’s gazes were gathered on Abandoned Worlds, no one would be able to do anything in the middle of New York.

“Fuu.”

Now was the time of the showdown. It was time to confirm whether his gut feeling was right or wrong. If he was wrong, then he would collapse in shock. Well, only after he rescued his son and his subordinates.

Yu IlHan raised his head and looked towards the front. It wasn’t only his muscle power that surpassed a human’s, his eyesight was as well. He could still examine the scenery of the island even though he was tens of kilometers away.

However, there was nothing on the coast of the island. No people, no animals, no monsters.

Although it looked peaceful on the outside, it was even more strange because of that. That was because traces of human civilization was still there. What that meant was that…

“Don’t you think I should buy lottery?”

[I didn’t think we’d meet them so soon……] (Liera)

…Yu IlHan hit the jackpot on the first try.

Feeling relieved for his predictions being right, and felt enraged at the fact that something annoying was happening on Earth, also, he was feeling worried about his subordinates that left to battle with Abandoned Worlds, all at once, Yu IlHan summoned a shield and kicked off it.

He strengthened his leg muscles with Superhuman Strength, he strengthened it further using mana, and using a total of four leaps and re-leaps, he produced an absolute speed, albeit momentarily.

“Be careful not to slip out of my embrace.”

[Yeah, I’ll grab onto you forever!] (Liera)

“Forever’s too long.”

Before smashing his head into the beach, he called out a shield in mid air and changed directions. As he couldn’t use a metal detector in a place with nothing, he decided to scan the entire island.

[You might be faster than flying.] (Liera)

“I can fly!”1

On the day of the parting, he was flown back to korea with God’s power, but now he was flying with his own ability. Of course, strictly speaking, it wasn’t really flying!

[Found it.] (Spiera)

The first one to speak was Spiera.

[It’s human presence. Tens of 2nd classes. They might be people of Earth but……] (Spiera)

[There shouldn’t be any need for a 2nd class person of Earth to stay here right now. IlHan, I also found them. This way.] (Liera)

The moment Yu IlHan heard the report from the two angels, Yu IlHan urgently stopped and landed on the ground.

He lightly kicked off the ground and ran towards the direction they were pointing to. He could finally feel something as well.

People, presences of many people. He could hear some voices, and they weren’t talking in any language of Earth, but Yu IlHan could understand them.

What that proved was that they weren’t people of Earth. Max level Language skill helped out in trivial situations like this as well.

“Can we really gain and advantage with this method? I’m instead worried since everything worked out so well until now.”

“Those damned angels don’t lie at least. The commander is waiting so let’s finish this off quick.”

Counting people, there were exactly 29 2nd class humans wearing armor that were doing something. Yu IlHan understood after closing in on them, what they were doing…

“Heh.”

And since the scene was very absurd, he ended up laughing.

“So the corpses of all those that died were here.”

[That’s material gathering for alchemy. In other words, for a special transformation technique that does not get found out with magic detection…….] (Liera)

Liera closed her mouth just as she was about to continue. What Yu IlHan wanted wasn’t explanation.

“Damn, it got ripped again.”

“And here I told you to raise your dismantling skills. I won’t care if you get a deduction in salary.”

They were in the middle of of stripping the skin of people. Humans, were skinning other humans, using the skill, Dismantling.

He couldn’t comprehend, nor did he want to. Even if he did, his actions wouldn’t change.

The deathgod stepped forward with light in his eyes.

Death, fell upon them.



Chapter 128

“Huh? Hey, look up…….!”

“Kahk!”

It was already too late when they noticed. Even wolfkin, who boasted superior agility and reflexes among 3rd classes couldn’t react, how would a weak 2nd class block Yu IlHan’s spear throw?

From the moment Yu IlHan stepped forward, it took exactly 2 seconds for the situation to be cleaned up. Dragon bone spears weighing several hundred tons were dropped from above and crushed their heads, so there was no way mere 2nd class beings would be able to endure that.

“There are no survivors eh.”

[They should have gathered them after killing them all.] (Liera)

[It hasn’t even been 2 hours since their deaths. That means that their plan is underway right now. So we’ve managed to avoid the worst case scenario thanks to your intuition.] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan put all the corpses, including the victims and the culprits, into his inventory. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to bury them, but he decided to do it all at once after he sorted the situation out as it was quite urgent right now.

[IlHan. Are you alright?] (Liera)

“I’m alright. ……..I really am.”

[IlHan……] (Liera)

It wasn’t like he had moved in the first place in order to save the people of Earth. It was even funny how the people of Earth were praising him. He himself thought that the premise of duty or justice was just a load of bullshit.

The future of mankind, the protection of Earth, and other things were all meaningless and annoying things to him. If he himself, his parents, Liera and Erta, the elves, Mir, and… ok, Ericia, Kang MiRae, and Spiera, were alright, he couldn’t care less about the other people.

The reason he killed all the guys that were dangerous to Earth was also for himself as well. What was it to him if Destruction Demon Army decided to massacre ten billion people in some other universe and not Earth?

It was a problem since they were rampaging on Earth, where he lived. Until now, Yu IlHan never thought of killing his enemies as just cleaning up the trash in his yard.

But yes, right now, he felt disgusted. Not because of the fact that the dead were the people of Earth, or the people of another world, but at seeing a human skinning another human.

Monsters indeed do cannibalize, but that was not for that single entity, but for the entire race as a whole. However, what were these people doing? Aren’t they literally worse than monsters?

‘Can we really call ourselves the race that develops the world? We’re pulling forward our own destruction.’

Perhaps some might retort, saying, that in their own world’s point of view, they are the only ‘humans’, and the reason they invaded Earth, and the reason they killed and skinned the humans of Earth, was in order to make that exact ‘mankind’ prosper; and it wasn’t, in any way, moving their own destruction schedule forward.

To these people, Yu IlHan would say this:

I’ll destroy you myself.

“Let’s hurry up a little.”

Yu IlHan was quietly, and deeply enraged, as he resolved himsel. before saying just that to the angels as he left; like he had said, he sped up a little.

[You’re going even faster than before!] (Liera)

[Hmm…… You really are quite good] (Spiera)

Sucking on a cheerpack containing Breath, he deployed Superhuman strength, and leaped forward so strongly that his leg muscles were almost ripping apart. The power of Transcendent Regeneration was solely focused on his legs, and recovered the damaged muscles the moment they ripped apart.

It looked like he was at full speed on the sea last time, but it also seemed like it wasn’t. If he wanted to be faster, he could still go faster.

Just with the will to run faster, he threw his body and heart into it. He left the angels to look at the surrounding to find any enemy, and he focused on running quickly.

[I can’t that a 3rd class can reach this level of speed.] (Spiera)

[If you stay with IlHan for a while, then you might experience quite a lot of things like that.] (Liera)

As they were on a small island in an entire archipelago, there weren’t that many people living in it, and as if they knew about that, there were very few invaders as well. However. Yu IlHan found two more groups belonging to the enemy, and found a group of preserved corpses on a ship.

Yu IlHan confirmed that there were no survivors among the people, killed the living invaders, and put them all inside his inventory.

It was good that he was done with processing the dragonkin from Dareu and the wolves from Kiroa continent. If he couldn’t store all those bodies because of that, then he might have been a little annoyed.

[Would all islands around here be like this?] (Liera)

[If we were even the slight bit late, then it might have been at a point of no return.] (Spiera)

If one wore another person’s skin using alchemy, then there would be no signs on the outside, and since it was not a transformation through magic, it couldn’t be found out using mana detection. It would be easy to get found out if there were any acquaintances, but what if all those acquaintances were killed and someone else took their places? It would be a perfect crime.

What if the invaders conquered an entire country like this and hid themselves in that country while the ability users of Earth were fighting against Abandoned Worlds? What if they did not stop there and proliferated throughout the entire world?

Even if he found out that there were enemies in their midst then, they wouldn’t be able to do anything. That was because they wouldn’t know who was from Earth and who was from another world. Moreover, if the 2nd Great Cataclysm occurs at that time, they wouldn’t be in a position to find the hidden other worlders.

In fact, he couldn’t be so optimistic right now as well. It seemed that the invasion was currently progressing, but Yu IlHan did not know where the invasion had begun.

As such, what he could do was to clean up the scene of crime as soon as possible, and trace out the people who had already disguised themselves of their identity and kill them.

Tracing out the people who already put their heart into hiding themselves? If it was someone else, it might have been impossible, but for Yu IlHan, it was possible. He had the concealment that could hide himself from a higher existence if he willed it!

Yu IlHan hurried. Wishing that he wasn’t too late; wishing, that he could turn this all back.

[IlHan, I can feel it here! This group is quite big…….?] (Liera)

[Hundreds of 2nd classes, and there’s a single 3rd class as well. Can you sense them?] (Spiera)

“I can feel them.”

As he had expected, most of the island countries near South America were destroyed. If there were islands which had traces of incineration from burning the remains after skinning the corpses, there were some that were undergoing their plans like he had seen for the first time.

The place Yu IlHan stopped right now was also one of them. In a slightly wide dead angle zone between the buildings, an armored person that looked like the captain of a knight order, were leading hundreds of his subordinates into doing that disgusting work.

“Captain, do we have to be so careful?”

“We could just fight them head on. The people that came over to our world from Earth were weaklings too, weren’t they? They only laughed at us since we couldn’t harm them.”

“Who told you to move your mouths and not your hands?”

“It can’t be helped since it’s orders from above. We don’t have much time, so hurry up!”

It seemed that they had their own reasons. So that was it, Yu IlHan lightly nodded and waved his hand. five spears appeared above the 3rd class captain’s head and fell straight down towards his helmet before destroying his entire body.

[You have earned 14,039,384 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 134 Chromano Il Pedra.]

“C, captain!?”

“S, stop working! All of you stop working! The captain died in an ambush!”

Chaos ensued on the venue. This was the environment that Yu IlHan liked the most. He mercilessly poured spears down and killed them.

Against them, he didn’t want to use any other methods either. WIth just his ability he had researched into in order to kill many enemies fast, he wanted to make them die in vain.

So that no one will know who killed them; so that they became so without achieving anything.

In just 30 minutes, Yu IlHan went through over 10 islands and killed 7 3rd classes and 2,900 2nd classes. It looked like nothing since Yu IlHan and Earth were abnormal, but in fact, this number would be an entire battalion in other worlds.

“However, this should only be the beginning.”

At least in islands around here, there were no more traces of invaders. His heart ached at the fact that the islands became uninhabited since all the residents were killed, but unless some other army invaded, he would never come back here again.

If you ask, had they been decimated? The answer is no. Not only there was no person that looked responsible for this incident among the ones he killed, he had not found a gate connecting to another world either.

Since a connection was established with another world, it was clear that a traitor in Heaven’s Army was behind this, but he couldn’t find a single angel feather.

What that meant was very simple. This place is not the first place they appeared. The roots he had to pull out was in some other place; in a place nearby here.

Yu IlHan predicted that place to be Venezuela – it was the closest country to the archipelago. Ironically, what was the mid-stop if he went by the plane, had become the final destination.

Liera asked in a careful voice.

[What if it’s not Venezuela?] (Liera)

“Then……”

Saying as if he didn’t want to think about such a scenario, Yu IlHan threw a dragon bone shield that would become his foot hold, into the air.

“I will have to sweep through the entire South American continent.”

***

When the ability users heard of another connection with an Abandoned World not long after the crisis of Kiroa, they became frightened. It was in New York City! And just outside the city at that!

The first one to find out about the dungeon was the clan master of ‘Burning Soul’ clan that belonged to the Front Line Alliance. As one of the ability users that was assigned a Guardian Angel to, he was a relatively good person that tried to help others.

Moreover, as he had the previous experience of defending against the wolves in Korea in cooperation with the Lightning God clan, he knew very well how annoying it was for a connection with an Abandoned World to appear.

“Shit, why is it in New York of all places…”

“It’s as if they knew that there would be a lot of damage if an Abandoned World was connected to this place. Fuck……!”

As Yu IlHan had predicted, the people of Earth all focused their attention on New York. ‘All’ ability users confident in their ability headed to New York; if New York fell, then damage wouldn’t stop with just America.

It was very different from the time an Abandoned World appeared in Gangnam of Korea. Whether it was the attention of the ability users, the military. or the media and other people of Earth.

Not only was the Korean incident only known just before the gate had exploded, Susanoo had quickly ended the incident, but this time, there was only some time left until the gate exploded.

The situation that occurred due to that, ironically, was similar to a festival. It was as if it was an Olympic or the World Cup, with many people gathering and cheering.

“Foolish people.”

The clan master of Metal Knights, Michael Smithson, found it absurd that many people were setting up shops and causing uproars even though there wasn’t much time until the gate would open.

“I think they’re planning to run away to other worlds if the gate opens.”

“Miss Malatesta…… If that was possible for anyone, then there would be no humans done in by monsters on this Earth.”

“Perhaps they are driving out their fear of monsters by causing uproars like this. Or, perhaps they want to watch us defending New York and defeating the enemies. Oh, you wanna eat?”

“Hmph, I’ll gladly take it.”

Looking at Michael Smithson biting on the hotdog that she gave him, the clan master of the Magia clan, Carina Malatesta, laughed. She found it cute that he accepted it.

Behind them, a Korean person approached, it was a member of the Lightning God clan.

“Have you been well, Mister Smithson, MIss Malatesta. Our clan master wishes to see you.”

“The Lightning God clan? Miss Kang?”

Michael Smithson’s expression brightened. Meanwhile, Carina Malatesta titled her head.

“Us two together? What would we two have in common? Is it about the battle? Let’s go then.”

“I do not know exactly. As I have an recognition-reduction artifact, we shall now move while avoiding the gazes of the people.”

“Avoid the people”?

It wasn’t just them. Clan masters belonging to the Front Line Alliance, and those among them that did not have Guardian angels, were called by Kang MiRae.

She gathered them unbeknownst to anyone, even including Na YuNa, who sacrificed her brother to hang out with her.

Above her shoulders, mini-sized Erta was floating. She had already hidden herself such that only Kang MiRae can see her.

“So everyone’s here.”

Her eyes glistened. Meanwhile, the clan masters that were still confused, requested for an explanation.

“Clan master of the Lightning God clan, I believe there is some time until the Dungeon Break. If you mean for us to go inside the dungeon and attack ourselves, then I refuse.”

“Don’t worry. I do not have any intentions of doing that in a country that is not mine. I only called everyone here because I have something to talk about to all of you.”

Kang MiRae scanned the surroundings and gave a sign to Erta. Erta nodded her head and cast her magic. It was a high-class barrier so that no one would be able to recognize anything that happened within.

Confirming that the magic had been completely activated, Kang MiRae said in a firm voice.

“Susanoo won’t be able to participate in this fight. He has other important matters to do.”

That was enough for all clan masters gathered there to despair. However, before anyone asked why, she added on.

“Instead, a force under Susanoo decided to help us out, and we also have received special support from Vanguard. The reason I’ve called you all here is for that. I think there’s too much for just my clan to use it alone.”

“I’m curious of a lot of things about what you just said, but let me ask this first.”

Takagaki Asuha of the Magic Dragon clan, asked. She had eyes as if she was about to fight against a dragon.

“Can we win with that?”

“Yes.”

Answered Kang MiRae confidently.

“Even if there are thrice as many as enemies of that of Kiroa, we would be able to defend against them. As such, please listen to me carefully from now on. I have a reason to have called ‘only’ everyone here.”

19 hours passed before the Dungeon Break occurred.

The largest scale battle of Earth, that raised the already-inflated value of Vanguard into the skies, and paved a path towards the heavens for a few chosen clans, had begun.



Chapter 129

Not long after that, Yu IlHan arrived in Venezuela. The city under the blue sky was bustling with people, and he could hear noisy chattering as well as people bargaining at shops.

He had come here in his dropout period, but ironically, it was even more strange now that he could feel life here.

“How can it be like this.”

[Oh my god. That fruit vendor, the housewife that’s purchasing goods from him, and even the vendor across the street …… They’re almost all 2nd classes.] (Liera)

[Did they carry out an investigation before invading? It’s as if they’re performing a country-wide play.] (Spiera)

There were definitely people that did not disguise themselves using human skins in Venezuela. They were probably the usual tourists. However, they were joyfully buying apples from a 2nd class fruit vendor without the slightest bit of suspicion. Meaning that they did not notice anything out of the ordinary.

Yu IlHan felt frightened while looking at that scene. His imagination had turned into half-reality. They were trying to assimilate into Earth!”

[How about language? What are they doing about language?] (Liera)

[Artifacts, it’s artifacts. How could this be…… They didn’t plan this out for just one or two days……!] (Spiera)

So such a thing was about to happen to China as well… If he couldn’t prevent that, then what would have happened… He felt a frightening shiver all over his body.

The problem was that Venezuela was now in their hands. He couldn’t even fathom how much their plans had progressed.

If there was one good thing, it was that they invaded an archipelago in the Atlantic. If they had devoured the entire South American continent, there wouldn’t be a need to invade those small islands.

Yu ilHan thought about what he had to do in order to stop this invasion. Just how could he kill these people who devoured an entire country……

…when he realized one thing.

“Wait, I can differentiate them?”

[Not because their average level is higher than the tourists?] (Liera)

“No, it’s not for such a simple reason. There are many high leveled tourists as well. I can somehow do it…… aha.”

Just as he was conversing with Liera, he succeeded in finding the answer.

“It’s because I’ve acquired their records through killing thousands of them.”

It was like that when killing dragonkin and dragons as well. Since he had killed so many of them, at some point, he knew what kind of dragon used what kind of power or what kind of weaknesses they had.

It was the same right now. Since he had killed so many of a specific world’s residents continuously, he became to understand their characteristics and now could differentiate them; as if determining a type of a monster, or determining prey.

Even if they were using a special disguise that did not use magic, they could not deceive the Akashic Record.

“So, its like that…”

Yu IlHan smiled. Now that things became like this, all the moments of hesitation were meaningless. He was the one who was going to wipe them out anyway, so it would be enough for only he himself to be able to differentiate them!

To think wiping out the invaders in the archipelago would bring such results… He thought about this from the past, but he always seemed to have quite the luck at appropriate moments.

Moreover, they asked for this as well. From now, they’ll compensate for their arrogance in deceiving the people of Earth.

[I didn’t realize that it was possible to differentiate them with the Akashic Record.] (Spiera)

[Well, we did think that they were all the same humans. And there’s not much opportunity to kill thousands of humans at once…… Oh! I don’t mean you’re bad, IlHan!] (Liera)

“It’s alright, I know.”

Yu IlHan decided to not be ruled by the extremely ambiguous concept of good and evil. He just resolved to protect himself, to be true to his heart, and resolutely trudge on the path he had set his sights on. That was also the reason he could endure a millennium of solitude.

As such, even if what he was about to do now may look very evil, Yu IlHan wouldn’t mind it so much.

“Kuaaak!”

“Kyaak!”

“What the hell is this?”

“Run….. Kahk!”

When people started dying, the market naturally fell into chaos. Everyone moved around in panic to protect themselves, and the panic of the tourists were even more.

“Wh, what the hell is this?”

“I remember this. Susanoo also used something like……”

“Fuck, the people are all dying!”

Many people escaped the place, but no one on Earth was faster than Yu IlHan. Moving around busily, he bestowed death upon all the other-worlders within his range.

“Save me!”

“Kyaak!”

When nothing else worked, they tried to mix in with the tourist group, but it was all useless. Yu IlHan’s spears killed them in pinpoint.

It took less than 0.1 seconds from the time a dragon bone spear appeared in the air to the time it killed the enemy. If they weren’t at least mid-level 3rd class, they wouldn’t even be able to react properly. 1

“Fuck!”

At that point, they realized that something was wrong. Since they were found out before they proceeded onto the next stage, disguising themselves was now meaningless.

“Clean these up first!”

“Report to the higher-ups!”

As if this was all promised beforehand, they took out weapons they hid in one part of their bodies and tried to kill the tourists.

They were quite vicious, as they were trying to erase any evidence even when they were under attack. Perhaps, they hid themselves exactly in order to do that.

“Of course, Yu IlHan had predicted that already.”

“Khaaak!”

“Kahk!”

Although it was difficult for him to read all movements of all people in this wide area, most of it was resolved when he threw spears to whoever he saw.

Moreover, at this point, some of the tourists started noticing some things, so they tried to not move towards the residents.

“Fuck, just how can this be……!”

“Find the enemy! If rumors spread before we finish working, then it will be the end!”

All the survivors moved around busily. Some to find the enemy, some to report above, and some to escape this sudden calamity.

And one, to kill all these fuckers.

[Over a thousand died within 1 minute.] (Liera)

[It seems it isn’t a single country that is involved in this. Unless they are a great empire that has power over an entire world, this is impossible.] (Spiera)

“Let’s start moving now.”

It took two hours for Yu IlHan to clean up the capital. As he had moved while decimating the other worlders in one spot, they couldn’t even communicate with others, and were doing their duties in their own place. For Yu IlHan, this was very thankful.

He poured spears, killed the people, and collected them inside his inventory before moving. As if hammering away to make equipment, he repeated those movements.

That figure was akin to a machine rather than a human. This kind of unaesthetic and inhumane massacre was very bone-chilling.

Even Spiera, who did not care about what Yu IlHan was thinking, and only cared about Yu IlHan’s ability, became slightly uncomfortable. However, Yu IlHan did not show any change in expression and repeated his actions.

Meanwhile, the surviving people, of Earth, were trying to upload things to their SNS while escaping the tragedy caused by Yu IlHan, but unfortunately, internet was down over all of Venezuela. There was no way the SNS was working.

“It’s not working dammit! It’s an important news about Susanoo massacring the people of Venezuela!”

“Shit, I need to tell this to the people of Earth!”

Really, they should just escape underground in the time they have time to do that, but these people really were hopeless. Looking at them, Spiera nodded seriously.

[I knew SNS was a waste of life.] (Spiera)

[Hah! Good for them.] (Liera)

“Hey, something collectively happened to you angels right? I won’t laugh so please say it?”

The angels shut their mouths. Yu IlHan also gave up and continued ‘cleaning’.

[Kuaaak!]

[You! Earthling! It was you!]

Whether it was monsters or humans, ‘thoughts’ weren’t left behind that often, but as Yu IlHan had killed so many, he acquired quite a lot of ‘thoughts’.

As Yu IlHan was planning to kill all the other worlders that came to Earth, he didn’t mind them that much, but after not being able to find their roots even though he had wiped out many cities of Venezuela, he stopped for a little.

“I should interrogate some people first.”

The place Yu IlHan was in currently, was the largest state of Venezuela, Bolívar. He had killed almost all the other-worlders in cities he passed by until now.

If he could not find any path connecting to another world in Venezuela, he had to go over to Guyana, Brazil, or Columbia, but really, he didn’t want to imagine such a situation.

Not only would it mean that damage had spread that far, the possibility of them surviving would become higher as well.

As such, now he needed to go to a specific place.

[Interrogate? How are you going to interrogate?] (Liera)

[Is it the power of a deathgod? I don’t think you’re a deathgod that rules and controls souls, though?] (Spiera)

Oh, so there were such deathgods as well, huh. Well, it should rather be said that a violent deathgod that burns lifeforce to make a flame was rare. Although he did learn Soul enchant from Reta Kar’iha’s mutated soul, but it was just that.

“So you do not know yet. Skills are only the crystallization of human abilities.”

[Of course we know that. Even though I look like this I lived several times lo…… !@#$%] (Liera)

Liera covered her own mouth after blabbering on as if natural. However, just as Yu IlHan was about to pretend that nothing had happened, Spiera said a rather cruel line.

[Several times? Don’t you mean, tens of times?] (Spiera)

[It’s not, IT’S NOT! It really isn’t!] (Liera)

Not minding about the super-mini war between angels, Yu IlHan did his own stuff.

[We have nothing to tell you!]

[We are just a portion. The great plan is already proceeding so someone like you will not be able to stop it!]

He did not mind about whatever the thoughts said. Yu IlHan alone wouldn’t be able to do anything to them anyway. As such, he took out Eight-tailed dragon spear from his inventory and ordered.

“Orochi.”

[Kroaaar!]

“It’s meal time. First, let’s eat them all and leave 20 behind.”

[Krrraaar!]

Such was the beginning of soul interrogation.

[Don’t you think you should call that ‘preying’?] (Liera)

[So thoughts have their own world. That’s deep……] (Liera)

Some of the thoughts that came with the lifeforce had some tenacity. They, were all eaten by Orochi, and seeing that, the remainder ‘shook’ in ‘fear’ of a second death even though they were just fragments of souls, and spat out information.

Yu IlHan, with his experience of gathering important information from numerous text, picked out all related information and completed a small fragment of truth.

“So the world you came from is Ferata.”

[Tthat is so!]

With those words, Yu IlHan glanced at Liera and Spiera. The two nodded. They must be thinking about the angels working in Ferata. Of course, as they were not in contact with any angel on Earth right now, punishments would come later.

“From the time the people of Earth went over to Ferata, this was planned by the great empire Ferata Ma Kadra, and became possible after the Army of Brilliant Light contacted them.”

[Y, yeees!]

“You were careful since you could open only one gate, and focused on Venezuela and its nearby islands first since you had to take root before the people focused on Abandoned Worlds were freed.”

[Th, that is so! It has only been 3 days since the plan began operations on Earth. We have not secured any further territories than Venezuela…….! If the 2nd class knights successfully place themselves, then the 1st class soldiers would come over and will take the skins of the countries beyond Venezuela. That was the plan!]

As if asking Siri, answer was immediate. Yu IlHan laughed with a ‘fuu’ and confirmed with them for one last time.

“So, where is the dungeon located?”

[The location that will not be found out by anyone, at the same time being placed in a convenient place to acquire Venezuela and its nearby islands…… it’s an underground dungeon located in the deep Atlantic.]

Looking at Spiera, Yu IlHan smirked.

“See my future prediction?”

[…….This human is starting to get annoying……] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan invested two more hours to decimate all hidden Ferateans hiding in Venezuela and looked through all the small countries nearby, but he really couldn’t find any more of them.

Although he moved as fast as possible, Venezuela was doomed with the exception of extremely small places. Yu IlHan couldn’t save them. As such, he had to prevent the worse-case scenario.

Although he didn’t know what kind of communication methods they used to the HQ, since hours had passed since their massacre, HQ would probably send reinforcements or do something of that sort.

Nothing good would come out of them knowing that Yu IlHan had massacred them all. He had to move right now.

Well, then. This was the start.

Now was the time to wipe out their base.



Chapter 130

The resistance ability is quite different from the definition of ‘resistance’ in the dictionary – thought Yu IlHan as he charged through the sea.

[Ahahahaha, this is more fun than running through the sky!] (Liera)

[Liera, you really don’t change wherever you go.] (Spiera)

The armor Yu IlHan made, Chilly Blizzard tyrant’s Mixed bone Fullplate armor, had relatively simple functions, perhaps due to the objective he had in mind when creating it. 90% increase in water attribute resistance, 50% increase in water attribute attack power, and controlling ice created from water.

Yu IlHan had decided that the ice manipulation option was OP after seeing the Legend tag attached to this armor. However, it wasn’t. The most OP option was the 90% increase in water attribute resistance.

Like how high fire attribute resistance made him resistant to catching fire, when water attribute resistance was heightened, unimaginable things became possible.

Simply said, it became possible for him to breathe underwater, and he could move his limbs around easily without being affected by water pressure or resistance.

Moreover, he could even stay still without going down, and even shoot upwards if he willed it. Movement was very free. Adding leap and re-leap onto this, his speed couldn’t be called just ‘fast’.

[Run oppa run! Yay!] (Liera)

“How am I your oppa.”

However, it was true that Yu IlHan felt better since he was rushing through the clear seas after hearing the sound of screams and death and smelling burnt corpses and blood.

If the Great Cataclysm hadn’t happened, would Yu IlHan be able to appreciate this scenery with the help of a single set of armor? No, no way.

Not only that, he wouldn’t have been able to run in the skies, nor would he have met Liera, Erta, and Mir.

He wished for such good things to happen in the future. As such, for now.

[IlHan?] (Liera)

“Oh, it’s nothing.”

Stopping thinking, Yu IlHan made a foothold by freezing ice underneath his feet and leapt by kicking off. This was the reason he could re-leap fast underwater. He could leap anytime he wanted to.

“There might be guys coming out of the dungeon right now. Please inspect the surroundings.”

[I can see some underwater monsters. Well, they sure are higher leveled than those on the land. Although, they should be getting entrapped by the dungeons soon.] (Liera)

[However, there shouldn’t have been a dungeon around here.] (Spiera)

[Yeah, I got no such reports either.] (Liera)

So they differed to Erta in such places, though he. If Erta was at a level where she had to look for information on dungeons she wanted, Liera and Spiera were clearly above and receive reports on all dungeons on Earth without the need to ask! Well, in fact, it was a rare for higher angels like them to contract with Yu IlHan as his guardian angel.

Although, nothing changed the fact that they were useless luggage.

As proof,

“Then is that thing over there not a dungeon but a black hole?”

[Dammit.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan abruptly stopped while charging through faster than a torpedo.

In the deepest part, right nearby a deep-sea trench, he found a swirling black current.

[So there really was one. Even though oceanic dungeons should be under strict supervision as sea monsters are harder to manage than land ones……!] (Spiera)

“Hah! It’s so ‘strict’, yeah, I know.”

He’d rather believe in what the Destruction Demon Army was saying rather than believe in those belonging to Heaven. Ignoring the grumbling Liera and Spiera, Yu IlHan approached the gate.

Coincidentally, the gate suddenly shined and spat out tens of people at that moment. They were all wearing transparent, spherical helmets and looked like astronauts.

[We will be going to Brazil. According to the information from the Alliance, they are predicting that it won’t take a lot of time to block Lepido since the human’s side is strong, so we need to move faster than planned.]

[Yes sir!]

[Follow the captain!]

Their voices sounded weird because of the helmet, but summing things up, it seemed that’s how they communicated. It also seemed that they did not know that the ones on land were already wiped out.

[Or that they don’t have any method of communication in the first place.] (Liera)

[Or that they could not confirm since it wasn’t the time for regular communication.] (Spiera)

Whatever the reason, it was a good thing that they did not know of his existence. Yu IlHan saw that more number of enemies were coming out from the gate and waited for all of them to come out. Although hundreds had already come out, the gate was still spitting out more.

“Since we’re in water, it will be hard to use my remote collection divine attack.”

[Yes, it seems so…… wait, divine attack?] (Liera)

“It’s a technical term, otherwise known as spamming.”

With that single ability, he could solve whatever problems he encountered, and defeat the enemy while he was at full health, but the disadvantage was that he would receive insults from the opponent player since it wasn’t considered good manners. To Yu IlHan, remote collection was like that.

Of course, in this situation, he couldn’t use that divine attack, but he had coincidentally prepared a massacre inclined weapon that could be use under the sea.

Yu IlHan held his spear on one hand, and froze some ice around him and rotated them. Perhaps due to them being of the water attribute, the ice bullets were spinning naturally in the water.

They were smaller than bullets used in pistols, but were harder and sharper, and even faster than them. This was enough – thought he as he moved forwards slowly.

The number of bullets around Yu IlHan continued to increase. As it did not require any mana to sustain and control them once he made them into ice, he was making a constant amount so that his mana recovery speed equalled his consumption speed, but even then, he could generate them rapidly.

Hundreds of ice bullets surrounded Yu IlHan, akin to the arrangement of the stars in the milky way.

An end came to the what seemed like endless dispatches from the gate. It was a battalion numbering thousands. The strongest one among them looked to be around the late levels of 3rd class, and also had the shiniest armor among them.

However, he also looked like an idiot for wearing the same helmet as everyone else.

[Squad 14 ready!]

[Same for squad 15!]

[Good, let’s show our power as the proud extermination battalion of Kadra Empire!]

“In the next world, yeah.”

Yu IlHan retorted to the commander’s words as he swung his spear. The Eight-tailed dragon spear that drew a clean trajectory in the sea as if it was in the air, smashed apart the commander’s helmet and embedded itself deep into his body, and the Blaze of Untraceable trajectory severed his neck cleanly and followed the spear like a shadow.

That, was an absurd technique. Before the first trajectory ended, the second followed and fused to become a single one! What looked closer to magic than martial arts was an attack that deceived not only Yu IlHan himself, but the world around him as well.

Yu IlHan’s concealment did not wear off, and the victim did not even know how he met death as he died in vain.

[You have earned 62,013,553 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 178 Jiëis Il Turodra.]

[Fuck!]

[Th, the commander, he!]

Watching the head of the commander floating up in the water, the army fell into an uncontrollable uproar. The squad captains right beneath the commander tried to lead them, but their necks were severed one by one as well and more chaos ensued.

[Someone’s here! Shit, someone that’s not a monster!]

[Don’t tell me the plan…..!]

Some dispersed their mana to find the culprit, and some raised their swords and shields in order to defend, while some, showed some clever movement in this chaos.

They were trying to move back to the gate at a relatively fast speed considering that they were underwater.

[Critical Hit!]

However, right at the moment they were about to go inside the gate. a cloud of ice bullets that filled the sea made them into beehives. Tens died in an instant, and twice as many died in the next.

[Kahak!]

[Whah….. Ice!?]

In the first place, the reason Yu IlHan had made the ice bullets was in order to not let any of them escape. So there was no way he’d let any of them return through the gate!

[A, avoid them! It’s magic!]

[Just where the hell is the mage…… shit! Find him!]

“Look for me all your life.”

The ice bullets made by Yu IlHan’s power was very strong in itself, and as it was enhanced by the 50% increase in water attribute attack, normal 2nd classes died in a single strike. Of course, the power would be a lot less than the rain of spears, but that could be compensated for with quantity!

[Kahk.]

[Kuhuuk……!]

Unless he took off his armor, Yu IlHan could be called the ruler of the seas. Perhaps a dragon that can manipulate ice and water could do this?

Hundreds, and thousands of ice bullets did not lose their power after killing the enemies and proceeded to kill even more. Enemies that were routed were easier to kill than the still ones. Yu IlHan manipulated the bullets while thinking that he was a master sniper, but in fact, he looked more like a conductor that lead the ice bullets.

[Don’t get frightened by magic at this level! We can just slash them apart after seeing their trajectories!]

However, there were always some that had zero sense in reading the mood. He should have just waited for his turn to come, but these slightly higher levelled ones swam forward as if they were the ones who could break through this situation.

They kicked aside the corpses of their subordinates or colleagues that were killed by the bullet rain, and acted as if they were slashing apart the bullets. Of course, Yu IlHan didn’t send any bullets to those that looked like he couldn’t kill in one go.

Instead, he ended them himself.

[You have earned 3,985,301 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 101 Kut’sach Yi Zeta.]

“That’s one strange name.”

The most important thing in keeping the deathgod skill active was keeping the concealment. He had to kill enemies in a single attack in order for his concealment to not wear off.

As he was aware of this fact, Yu IlHan sent the ice bullets to only the weaker ones while he himself executed the higher levelled knights that have acquired 3rd class while moving around fast in the water using leap and re-leap.

[I don’t know who you are and where you are from, but our Kadra empire shall……!]

“Yes, yes. Thanks for the death flag.”

It didn’t even take two minutes for the tens of 3rd class beings within the thousands of people that exited the gate to die. Meanwhile, the ice bullets kept moving around, and everyone that exited the gate was killed within 20 minutes.

Confirming the deaths of the enemies again and again, Yu IlHan proceeded inside the gate. Of course, as this was a deep sea dungeon, it was still a underwater inside the dungeon.

Inside, he could see fish shaped monsters from time to time, but it seemed like there weren’t many since they were wiped out by the Kadra empire. Well, that wasn’t that important to Yu IlHan anyway. It wasn’t like he had come here to hunt monsters.

“Although that huge tuna-like monster really tugs my mind, let’s eat him later.”

Yu IlHan moved at absurd speeds even inside the dungeon using leap and re-leap, but even that ended not long after. Yu IlHan’s speed was too fast and he found it already;

with ‘it’ referring to the gate connecting to Ferata.

[IlHan, from here, you have a choice.] (Liera)

Just as he was about to enter the gate without hesitation, Liera spoke.

[You’ve killed all the people that went through the gate, haven’t you? So now, if we just close the gate, there will be no further dangers for the moment.] (Liera)

“That’s not enough. That world already has an experience of being connected with Earth. If I was weak, then I would stop at this point, but not now. They can make and go through the gate again at any time.”

[However, beyond this gate, is an entire world. And those that are breathing, and will be exclusive towards an outsider like you.] (Liera)

It seemed Liera was worried about him. He had the confidence to survive against anyone and any group. It would be a little frightening if he met a higher existence, but at that point, wouldn’t the Angel’s support skill activate?

Of course, there was one thing he was worried about. There was one sure-fire method that could exile him from Earth if he went through this gate. 1

It was also the reason why Yu IlHan brought two angels here.

“Spiera, please.”

[Leave it to me.] (Spiera)

Spiera escaped his grasp and expanded to her original size. Her figure holding a pure-white spear on her hand looked very handsome.

[None shall pass this gate until you come back.] (Spiera)

“I’ll leave it to you.”

[Oh, I can’t stop a lower existence from passing the gate though.] (Spiera)

“Thanks for lowering my expectations instantly. Although, it should be enough stopping the traitors.”

He exchanged a short glance with Spiera and turned around. In front of his eyes was a swirling gate.

[IlHan. Are you really going to go] (Liera)

“Don’t worry. It will be over soon.”

Yu IlHan smiled as he set foot inside the gate.

“I will end it soon.”



Chapter 131

When he entered the gate, the surrounds transitioned to a wide grassland with fresh air. What was particularly impressive was the fact that there were two suns in the sky.

He did feel a little strange, having been instantly warped from underwater to above water, but at this point, nothing could really surprise Yu IlHan.

In any case, the place he was on was on flat ground, so Yu IlHan lightly shook his body before swapping his armor. The change was lighting quick, so Liera, who was staring at him, clicked her tongue.

[You should really show off a little.] (Liera)

“I have leather armor underneath anyway, didn’t I say that before?”

Confirming that his armor was equipped correctly on every part of his body, he tied his boots again and looked around.

Behind him was the gate that was connected to the undersea dungeon of Earth, and besides it were mages that managed the gate on either side.

Around 20 meters away from Yu IlHan, there was a copy-paste version of the army battalion that Yu IlHan had just wiped out.

What this meant was that Yu IlHan had took off his armor and changed it to a new one in a blink of an eye in front of all these people. Of course, they could not see Yu IlHan as he was in concealment. The venue was silent under strict order.

“From how I can see the castle wall over there, this place should be some kinda garden in the inner castle?”

[Wouldn’t it be more secretive? Wow, this place is so high. Don’t you think it will be a downhill trip if we go beyond that castle wall?] (Liera)

Yu IlHan, who looked around as if he had come here for camping, estimated his location before stretching his body. As he had seen all the things he needed to, only action was left.

“Those mages……”

[You can kill them. I can re-establish a connection as long as the initial connection is set up.] (Liera)

“Got it.”

When Yu IlHan flicked his fingers, the bodies of the mages instantly exploded. To be exact, their bodies were instantly squashed with thousand-tonne heavy spears.

“Kyaaak!”

“Wh, what the hell!”

“Everyone calm down! I said calm down!”

Looking at the exploding bodies of the mages that managed the gate, chaos ensued.

Chaos, it was a word that Yu IlHan loved the most; he became the strongest in such times.

This time was no exception.

[You have earned 6,201,293 experience.]

[You have earned 10,291,343…]

[You have…]

Well, as there were many people in this place, there were quite a few 3rd class ones as well. Yu IlHan also took out his throwing spears to massacre the army unlike the time he was in the sea.

It wasn’t just his throwing spears. Yu IlHan himself also picked out the ones he could not kill with throwing spears alone and killed them.

However, what he took out in order to do that was not a spear, but a whip. A black whip with dragon leather as the base, and had ground dragon scales embedded inside!

[Insanely Passionate Spiked Black dragon whip]

[Rank – Legend]

[Attack power – 6,200]

[Durability 7,200/7,200]

[Options-

1. 40% increase in attack speed, and inflicts a random curse that activates one of: big bleeding, bleeding, paralysis, at 100% chance upon hit.

2. If Whip mastery is over level 60, bloodflame blossoms when wielding the whip. The power of the flame becomes strong according to Whip mastery level, and becomes stronger according to the amount of enemy blood absorbed.

3. Additional attack by protruding spike on contact of attack.]

[User restrictions – Whip mastery level 50 or above]

[A whip created with the maximum desire for the crafter’s offensive desire. If there is a disadvantage, it is that the victim may receive death faster than pain.]

Although the description on the artifact was slightly disturbing and had a lower attack power than the Eight-tailed dragon spear, this whip had an ability that Eight-tailed dragon spear did not have. That was the various additional attack options that specialized in attacking everything within a certain range!

What Yu IlHan liked the most was the second option. Eight-tailed dragon spear also had the purple flame, and in fact, strictly speaking, the purple flame was stronger than the bloodflame by a little, but as the whip had a longer reach, it was possible to cause more damage than the spear in a fixed duration of time.

Above all, the second option truly came to light when meeting with Blaze. That was because Blaze burnt lifeforce to widen the range, and burnt mana to become stronger.

In other words, no matter how long the whip is, there is no additional consumption of mana in activating Blaze! And although he couldn’t really compare, Yu IlHan had collected the most lifeforce in the world!

“The enemy is still in the vicinity. Don’t panic and secure the retreat path! And call the mages who can detect concealment…… Kuaaak!’

An advanced knight that calmly gave orders was instantly burnt to death on the spot. This happened the moment Yu IlHan’s absurdly fast whip enveloped his body.

[You have earned 14,302,394 experience.]

Yu IlHan quickly withdrew the whip before lashing out again. The whip marvelously did not make any sound as it flew and enveloped the next advanced knight.

[Critical Hit!]

“Kuhak!”

His whip attacks were comprised of 3 stages.

First, the moment the whip envelops the target, the shock and the sharp dragon scale fragments instantly shatter the target’s defensive equipments.

The moment it hits, sharp spikes protrude out and dig deep into their flesh.

And finally, the bloodflame absorbed the target’s blood and enters the body through the wound and explode.

[That sounds painful.] (Liera)

Liera compressed her thoughts into one line. Yes. In any case, it would REALLY REALLY hurt. They wouldn’t even be able to endure that pain and die!

[You have earned 16,043,439 experience.]

“E, even the vice-squadron captain of Lyel Knights…”

“We haven’t even found the enemy’s shadow!”

“We can’t do anything with our power.”

“W, wwwe are paying for the price for trying to taint the sacred Battle of Competition!”

When the captains and vice-captains of the knight orders started burning to death, thousands lost their morale and wandered around helplessly.

However, the whip’s real action was starting just now. While the rain of spears fell again and again, Yu IlHan moved around separately as he swung out with his whip to his heart’s content, and the whip that had the power of Blaze, did not lose its power even while it stretched out to tens of meters as it swiped across his vision and sliced and burnt all knights!

“S, save me…..!”

“Run, run from this pl……. Kkuaaak!”

[You hav……]

Would shooting laser cannons create such a scene? The whip Yu IlHan lashed out with extended in a straight line to pierce everything in its path, and when Yu IlHan lightly shook his wrist, the whip moved according to the trajectory and slashed apart everything in its path.

Tens of 2nd classes were killed instantly with Yu IlHan’s light strike. People of Earth would be shocked upon seeing this. No, perhaps Takagaki Asuha, who also wielded the whip, may become angry; saying that this wasn’t a whip, but a weapon of mass destruction.

Was it just that? Whenever Yu IlHan caused chaos, the flame that flickered off the whip would spread to the ground and cause a fire.

Not only there would be an addition in fire attribute attack in a land of fire, as this place was some other land which Yu IlHan didn’t need to care about, he was only more happy.

[You have…….]

[The skill, Deathgod, has become level 34. It becomes possible to enhance your abilities by a maximum of 65%.]

Even the skill, Deathgod, which didn’t increase in level that frequently perhaps due to it being an advanced skill, levelled up. Of course, as Yu IlHan’s concealment didn’t wear off even once after coming to this world, his Deathgod skill’s ability enhancement was being applied at maximum value right now.

“Is it because it’s their main camp? Or is it because they gathered only their elites? There sure are a lot of 3rd classes.”

[IlHan. I can feel 4th classes approaching from afar. And two of them too!] (Liera)

“Well, it would be strange if they didn’t notice anything after all this mess.”

He intended for this a little as well. Yu IlHan wouldn’t be able to burn an entire country head on, would he? As such, he was planning to set up the spider web and chew the ones that come into his range, little by little. And at the same time, it was also easier to set a main target with Orochi’s interrogation too.

However, there were two 4th classes, and they weren’t monsters but a hidden card of the humans, so this was very surprising. Honestly, he had expected around a hundred easy 3rd classes, so this was unexpected. Since things became like this, he could only make changes to his spiderweb plan.

As this was no Abandoned World, nor was the enemy a higher existence, it was impossible to receive power from Angel’s support, and as he couldn’t receive the benefits of anti-dragonkin weapons, he couldn’t say anything was easy.

The only thing Yu IlHan could believe in right now was the massive attack power support from the ambush with the Deathgod skill active. To just believe in that though, the wall of 4th classes weren’t so easily overcome.

“God dammit. Let’s think after I clean these mobs out.”

Yu IlHan stopped thinking and lashed out with his whip even widely. He lashed out as if to burn the entire caste!

“YOU, MOTHAFUCKaaa!”

“That’s one loud voice he has there.”

Hearing the loud sound that came from afar, Yu IlHan exclaimed quietly. The whip that lashed out at the same time of his exclamation silently burnt the necks of tens of knights.

“However, it seems his legs aren’t faster than his voice.”

[Such evil words… Of course, it isn’t like the enemy can hear you.] (Liera)

“Shut up. I have a weak heart so I can’t diss them up front.”

[Someone with a ‘weak heart’ is massacring people like this?]

“That’s that, and this is just some exp pot.”

Even while Yu IlHan was retorting while pouting, his wrist did not relax, and the army decreased in number again and again.

It seemed that the two 4th class beings were charging towards him diligently, but they were overwhelmingly slower than Yu IlHan’s ‘hunting’ speed. Only Yu IlHan’s experience kept piling up.

“Ugh, just how can he in this fire……!”

“It’s a magic warrior. I’m sure of it. Fuck. Survivors respond!”

The places around the gate was already a sea of fire. The endlessly soaring fire, and the disturbing smell of smoke offered a sharp sting to everyone in this place with the exception of Yu IlHan.

The army, which had lost all its power as a group, shattered into pieces, and in fact, they were all being ‘shattered into pieces’ before burning up completely, all in real time.

“I will definitely find you and kill you!”

“Master!”

When the master of the voice approached near Yu IlHan, there were zero survivors from the army. There was only the massive wave of fire rushing towards the castle walls. It was rather impressive for the gate to be still existing.

“Oh my god, the entire army was obliterated……!”

Was the voice of a middle-aged man that arrived at the scene, as soon as he confirmed that scene. So it was impossible to deceive a 4th class with just fire huh. Of course, Yu IlHan had no intentions of deceiving them anyway.

“Obliterated? They were obliterated!? How can that be! They must have gone over to Earth already!”

“No, they died! All of them, here. Because of that fucking Earthling mutt!”

Oooh, invaders were of a different class alright. Even though they were classified ‘human’, he was being treated like a mutt even though it was them who was skinning other people!

Since there was such a cool racism, Yu IlHan felt very refreshed. Although he had no sense of guilt because he knew that, with this, the final line was cleanly crossed.

[The middle aged man looks much stronger! Huh, he’s really strong? Wouldn’t he become a higher existence if he trains about 300 more years?] (Liera)

“Nope, because that guy will die today.”

It seems the two 4th classes were master and disciple. The relatively younger man, and the middle-aged looking man. Although ‘middle-aged’ was the description, according to Liera, he should have lived for several hundred years.

“I do need to kill them……”

[It will be hard. The younger man isn’t so simple as he looks either. He should be at least over 220.] (Liera)

“I knew it.”

It would be hard to kill either even if he use an ambush, and when that happens, he would have to fight against two. However, Yu IlHan was thinking about how to fight against those two when he came to a genius conclusion.

“Liera, did you say that gate was closed right now?”

[Yeah. Unless I open it, or 10 3rd class mages do it, or a 4th class mage recites incantations for 10 minutes, it will stay closed.] (Liera)

“Ooookay.”

Yu IlHan seemed to smile before he started charging. The direction, to the place where the two men came from; at full power. Of course, his concealment, still active.

“Hasta la vista!”

The enraged middle-aged man and the youth were gritting their teeth while venting their frustration on the innocent ground, even though Yu IlHan had rushed right past them.

“He is still here. He’s waiting for the moment we let our guard down in this fire! We need to hold out no matter how disgusting this fire is!”

“I understand, master! I will definitely kill him!”

Looking back at the beautiful training session of the master and disciple, Yu IlHan seriously sent salutations; salutations for the delusions and useless actions of idiots.

“Yes yes. Hold out to the best of your ability in that place. Until the empire falls!”

Adding on top of that, there would be DoT since they were in a place of fire!

[Oh my, how clever.]

“I’m quite capable.”

Yu IlHan, who became proud after receiving such a praise, diligently moved his legs and assaulted the inner castle without the two protectors.

It took 20 minutes for the two to realize that something was wrong, and at that time, every important item in the empire had already been burnt to the ground.



Chapter 132

Empires weren’t called ’empires’ for nothing. Kadra empire, which existed for thousands of years from the 1st Cataclysm to until now, ‘just before’ the 3rd Cataclysm, could be said to be the place where all power of the world of Ferata had gathered.

Especially the castle built for the emperor, ‘Pajin Meccadira’ was no different from the sign of the history and power of the empire.

Not only did many mages over the years combine their powers to set up countless guardian formations over the castle, superhumans with absurd power and absolute loyalty towards the empire had flocked together as well.

Not to mention the imperial bodyguards, there was a knight order that protected the imperial palace, and a knight order that took the mission of protecting the imperial family. They were on a completely different scale to the one that had been dispatched to Earth.

But somehow, Yu IlHan thought,

“Hey, these guys would be done in by me even if they come over to Earth, why are they sending those weak trash?”

[So you’re finally becoming a little arrogant.] (Liera)

Liera replied with a laugh. However, after speaking, she propped out her head from Yu IlHan’s embrace and looked around, when she shrunk back in and took back her words.

[Perhaps it’s not arrogance…] (Liera)

A burning castle, and many dead members of the imperial guardian knight order composed of only 3rd class beings. They were all done in with a single whip strike too! Though, they did immediately get sucked into Yu IlHan’s inventory. His remote collection technique was developing even now.

“Arrogance is taboo. It will be the end the moment I subjectively evaluate myself. The horror of realizing that you weren’t when you thought you were……”

[Nooo, stahp!] (Liera)

“Yes, yes. In fact, I’m a loner, so I have no experience of that either. I’m only simulating what could potentially be my embarrassment later and am being careful of that.”

However, it seems Liera had a past experience. Yu IlHan gently stroked her, when she was pulling out her hair in grief, as he walked forward.

Meanwhile, the fire kept spreading. Expensive decorative armor, vases, paintings, pottery, and even various protection magic casted over many places of the castle were being incinerated. This was only possible because the bloodflame, the agglomeration of magic power and human blood, was reborn through the help of Blaze.

Of course, when Yu IlHan found any knights scurrying around, he carefully approached them before slashing apart their necks or snapping them. As the whip was silent despite its speed, it was the best weapon to be used under concealment.

[You have earned 37,346,811 experience.]

[You have earned 35,204,485 experience.]

[You have become level 141. 1 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 2 Magic increases.]

Thanks to the good exp sources, he even levelled up once now. Rejoicing at the fact that his arms now had more power, on the other hand, he was slightly confused.

“If it was me, I wouldn’t go around alone in this chaos and gather up.”

[Oh, yeah. There aren’t many people who think that their invader would have acquired an advanced version of the concealment skill……] (Liera)

In the first place, the time they noticed Yu IlHan’s intrusion was too late. Well, of course this was natural since they thought the two 4th classes dispatched would have cleaned things up.

The problem was that their judgement was fatally off.

Only when a quarter of the castle was on fire did the rulers notice that the 4th class master and disciple had failed, and dispatched the strong knight order to the places on fire. Of course, as they didn’t know where the enemy was, they split the knight order into many divisions and teams.

“Kahk!”

“Kuhuk!”

[You have earned 42,101,439 experience.]

[You have earned 51,001,396 experience.]

And all of them, were being obliterated by Yu IlHan, division by division.

“Good, a lot of them are on their 170s too. Perhaps levelling up once again isn’t just a dream.”

Calculating that he would level up once he killed around 2000 more, Yu IlHan’s body filled up with power. Meanwhile, something caught his senses. An aura of 4th class that was rushing straight towards the hallway he was in!

“Oh, this guy’s the younger one of the two.”

[He’s coming straight here! I’m sure there was some signal device in the knights you’ve just killed!] (Liera)

If it was any alarm that targeted Yu IlHan, it wouldn’t work with him in concealment anyway, so the possible answer was the signalling device that would send signals upon their deaths! Yu IlHan gripped his fist.

“He’s coming straight here!? Got it!”

Yu IlHan sat down on the spot, and installed a landmine that would definitely be activated if there was a human coming here on a straight path. A special-sized landmine he made with lots of 3rd class magic stones. Moreover, they were affected by Yu IlHan’s concealment and couldn’t be sensed!

If there was something evil, it was that the explosion of the landmine wasn’t considered Yu IlHan’s attack unlike the rain of spears, so even if someone got caught up in it, Yu IlHan’s concealment wouldn’t wear off!

[How can your brain work so well in such evil ways……?] (Liera)

“He’s here. If this explodes, this entire hallway will blow up so be careful.”

But then, to get out of this place, the landmine would no longer receive the effects of concealment, and since he wouldn’t be able to kill the guy with just the landmine alone, he had to do an additional ambush as well. So, what Yu IlHan came to was the best auto-control shield, Aegis!

Comprised of 5 shields in total, Aegis was a shield that can block a wide area by spreading them out, and could also be a thick shield by gathering them in one place. Truly fitting of a divine shield.

“Ooh, this is interesting.”

Viiin.

The moment Yu IlHan injected mana, Aegis sequenced themselves side by side in front of Yu IlHan. Controlling them was easier than the remote collection of his inventory, and Yu IlHan could cover himself and Liera by controlling them.

“The signal was from here!”

The moment he finished, the man rushed in. As Yu IlHan had intentionally left some corpses of the knights right by the landmine, the man abruptly opened his eyes and went rushed straight towards it.

[So evil.] (Liera)

“Preha, Icoro! How……! Kuuuhk, YOU MOTHAFUCKAGH”

bbbooom!

[Critical Hit!]

The landmine exploded. Not to mention the corpses of the knights, the explosion instantly melted the helmet and the breastplate the man was wearing, and didn’t stop there and wounded him gravely to the point that the bones could be seen on the chest and neck!

“Kha, Kyahak!?”

The man couldn’t understand the situation momentarily and made strange sounds.

Well, it was no wonder. If it was such a big explosion, there was no way there would be no presence of mana, but even the man, whose senses were heightened with becoming 4th class, did not notice it, and that meant that there was a mage that was much stronger than him, but there was no way such a mage existed on Earth.

“The answer was a deathgod, easy, right?”

[Who would know that!] (Liera)

Yu IlHan put Aegis away and showed up completely intact before saying the answer. Though, the man couldn’t hear him.

No, in fact, as he was falling with the collapsing floor rubble, there was no way he could focus on anything.

“Hup!”

Yu IlHan, who had grabbed onto a pillar as he knew that the floor would collapse, swung his whip towards the neck of the guy that was falling down.

The whip seemed to extend tens of meters with the bloodflame before succeeding to sever the guy’s neck. It didn’t end with that, and the fire spread over to the body and burnt everything.

For Yu IlHan, there would never be a case where he would lose a running enemy and be frustrated over it.

He thought that there was a need to check dead ends, burn the corpse, go down to the bottom of the cliff, and even search the afterworld after every battle. Although he had never met one yet, what if the enemy had a necromancer that could use the body of someone Yu IlHan killed and make a strong monster through it? He’d be frustrated to death!

“Kya, look at that experience.”

[IlHan, both the left and right walls have massive holes.] (Liera)

“I poured so many 3rd class magic stones in this to make an emergency massacre landmine. That’s natural. In fact, I’m rather surprised that the castle held out.”

[You must feel good, feeling the need to ‘massacre’ in an ’emergency’.] (Liera)

The explosion of the landmine brought great effects.

Perhaps because the knight and his armor received all the upwards shock, the ceiling miraculously didn’t collapse, but instead, not only the floor, the walls on either side were instantly obliterated. A portion of the imperial palace that held out for countless years instantly crumbled just now!

The soldiers that were trying to put out the fire from outside the castle were looking up towards the hallway of the explosion with their jaws slack, and the other side wasn’t much different either. Soon, this would be reported towards the higher ups so this place would become a tourist attraction soon. Although, not many would be able to enter since there was no floor.

If it was possible, he wanted to dig another trap and massacre the enemies, but that plan was no good since there was nothing to dig. Yu IlHan called out one of Aegis’s shields and leaped from it towards another hallway.

In his arms was the head of the knight he had just slain. Even while burning the body using the bloodflame, the head was still intact.

[What are you going to do with that head, though?] (Liera)

“Of course pulling aggro. Let’s throw this somewhere and put a landmine right next to it. I’m sure there is one idiot that would step on it.”

[……] (Liera)

Evil, so evil. Was this even human?

No matter how Liera was Yu IlHan’s eternal ally, she thought that this plan was better off failing, but unfortunately, his plan had marvelously succeeded.

“K, khaaa! Festooo!”

The master, who was sure that the disciple had died from the witness accounts of the knights, got agitated upon seeing the head and splendidly activated the landmine by rushing in a straight line.

“Kuhuk!?”

However, a touching scene played out at that moment. The master, who realized that a landmine was exploding, embraced the head instantly and crouched in order to protect it, resulting in more damage!

While in fact, that was all useless since Yu IlHan had installed a landmine inside the disciple’s head anyway!

The master, who had received shock both from the inside and the outside, received a fatal wound due to his foolish love for his disciple. His face was almost completely incinerated, with his eyesight gone, and his heart could almost be seen.

Not only that, his spine could be seen on the back.

“Wow, humans are humans alright. They’re weaker than monsters even at a higher level.”

What was amazing was that he was still standing with his two legs despite the injury. Seeing that the head of his disciple had been completely obliterated without leaving behind any dust, the master shouted in despair.

“Khak! YOU FUCKA, ARE YOU STILL HUMaaaN!”

“Ahah, so you skinned the people of Earth because you are human?”

Yu IlHan lashed out with his whip violently towards the middle-aged man that was speaking bullshit. If he had the time, he wouldn’t have killed him so easily, quite unfortunate!

The whip, that substituted his silent rage into a raging wave, severed the neck completely with sharpness that was sharper than a sword, and at an absurd speed. Yu IlHan burned the severed body and took the head.

[You have earned 11,493,018,347 experience.]

“Wao!”

He confirmed again, but it was correct. He had just acquired around 11 and a half billion experience! No matter how high levelled the man he killed was, he still wasn’t over 250!

Liera spoke in boasting.

[See? He was quite the amazing human. The amount of experience is proof!] (Liera)

“Even Karrows gave only a third of this much even though he was level 242……”

So it seems that the amount of experience given increases exponentially according to level – exclaimed Yu IlHan.

However, it was more amazing that he still couldn’t level up despite that.

“A level 141 couldn’t level up even after killing a level 250… This world is so screwed up.”

[It’s you who’s strange, trying to level up twice a day even though you’re over level 140……] (Liera)

Yu IlHan took the head of the middle-aged man and moved towards the next point. However, a short, green text appeared on Yu IlHan’s retina at that time.

[It has become possible to fuse-evolve Whip mastery and Sword mastery!]

[It is possible to fuse the skills using 1000 3rd class magic stones and 1 4th class magic stone. Proceed?]

“……Wao.”

It seems that Yu IlHan’s attack of rage had touched the Akashic Record.

As he had put in effort to pour the power of the sword into the spear before, that effect was carried over to the whip as well! He somehow got a fusion evolution of a weapon!

“Nope, I’m not doing that.”

Of course, Yu IlHan instantly refused. If he used Sword mastery and Whip mastery as fusion evolution materials, then he wouldn’t be able to use them again in another fusion-evolution. Yu IlHan’s objective was the Great Cosmos-severing Spear.

“I need to imbue the power of the whip into the spear but why so…… Oooh? I think I got the hang of it.”

Yu IlHan felt the free and uncontrolled property of the whip was being imbued into the spear on top of the sharpness of the sword. Of course, advanced skills weren’t born from nothing!

[Spiera would faint if she learns of this.] (Liera)

“Whatever. Well, let’s go. I still have a lot to destroy and kill.”

[Yeah.] (Liera)

***

Meanwhile, the person they were talking about, Spiera, was experiencing the moment of her lifetime.

At first, she was just watching the gate, before holding up her spear after several hours.

That, was the best opportunity in her wait, but she herself didn’t like that so much.

[Fuuu.] (Spiera)

Her expression looked bitter. She really didn’t like what she was about to do from now.

[I’m sorry.] (Spiera)

She quietly muttered. Who was that apology for? Her words reached no one and scattered in the water.

However, the spear she struck out with the next moment, succeeded in halving her target!

……

[Kahak!]

The angel that was approaching the gate, was halved. The name, Lupeta. Of course, this angel had nothing to do with Yu IlHan at all.

Not in the least!

[H,ow……? There were ….no signs…..] (Lupeta)

Higher existences were sure amazing. Even though he was just halved, he still held out?

However, that leisure wouldn’t last so long. Spiera, who was uncomfortable having used an ‘ambush in concealment’, explained in kind.

[Like how humans can borrow the power of angels, we can also borrow a power of our contractors. However, ambushing isn’t my interest. Lupeta, if you were not a traitor, I would have come out in the open and fight you squarely.] (Spiera)

[What, are you ……!] (Lupeta)

Of course, that was the limit for that angel. He dissipated into white and ash colored blood, and Spiera sighed before taking back her spear.

[It’s as if they predicted that Yu IlHan would go over to Ferata. Please say it isn’t.] (Spiera)

No matter how reckless they were, they would never bait Yu IlHan with an entire world.

However, perhaps they had some expectations for it. Didn’t it show effect too? Yu IlHan showed suspicion towards the repeated connection with Abandoned Worlds, and even entered the gate, not being satisfied with just closing it.

‘So the enemy has someone who is taking into account Yu IlHan’s meticulous personality? Although, it seems I wasn’t taken into account.’

That was natural. She did not tell anyone of her actions. Thanks to that, she could succeed in giving them a blow.

[What is more worrying is that……] (Spiera)

She muttered before raising her head.

What she was thinking of was not Ferata where Yu IlHan was in right now, but the battlefield of New York where Yu IlHan’s subordinates had headed off to.

‘The traitor must have known that Yu IlHan had not appeared on the battlefield if he came here.’

Although she had expected this from the beginning, there wasn’t just a single traitor. Moreover, more than one of them was in that battlefield.

‘Although I wouldn’t care how many other humans die……’

On the battlefield, there were many related to Yu IlHan. Not to mention Flemir and Ericia, there were the elves Yu IlHan was looking after, although he pretended to not care about them, and his son Yumir, who he cherished a lot!

[……If they put their hands on our Mir, then I’ll kill them all.] (Spiera)

In fact, Spiera had taken quite a liking towards Mir too!



Chapter 133

Even while running inside the collapsing castle, Yu IlHan felt conflicted.

“I feel like I won’t ever be able to level up at this rate.”

[Let’s take it slow. IlHan, you’re a genius so it will only take you 50 years to become a higher existence.] (Liera)

So Liera knew that his main objective was becoming a higher existence. Looking at Liera with sparkly eyes in his embrace, Yu IlHan felt slightly suspicious but still asked anyway.

“What’s the required level to become a higher existence?”

1 (Liera)

“Sparta!”

Although, he did expect this to a certain extent!

Although, he also thought that it may have been 400!

“But thinking about how I’m not even at the halfway line, it drains my energy.”

[Other higher existences would become angry if they heard you.] (Liera)

Although he was in grumbling, Yu IlHan was in fact, not resting but moving around the entire time. He set more things on fire as soon as his mana recovered, using the whip that had Blaze and bloodflame, destroyed every protective magic he saw, and killed every knight in his sight!

“Even I had a time when I dreamed of a tragic love with a maid I met in an enemy territory……”

[Says an arsonist demon…..] (Liera)

He could see no one without ability within the castle. Everyone he saw was at least 2nd class. As expected of the castle in the imperial city of an empire. The standards were quite strict.

Although, it was all on fire now.

[What are you going to do if the entire castle incinerates into nothing?] (Liera)

“I’m going to cause a mess until I get a call from Erta. I need to make sure these guys never dream of invading again. My objective is only chaos, and the annihilation of the experts.”

Killing the emperor? He had no such thoughts. No matter how Yu IlHan outclassed everyone as an invader, he did not think that it would be easy to kill an emperor of an empire. At best, he would be able to kill his substitute.

However, in fact, he did not need to kill the emperor, nor was there a use in killing him. Why? Emperors were only the head of a huge community of men. Even if he killed one, a new head would rise to replace him.

Why was Anpan-man invincible? He’s invincible since no matter how much he receives damage, he would be instantly full of vitality once he switched heads! Yu IlHan thought that that was absurdly OP, when he watched the show as a child.

However, perhaps it was a parody of injustice in human society seen in histories, and a criticism on the unchanging upper society even though they were rotten to the core.

Um, perhaps, it isn’t.

“So, I destroy the body instead, so even when a new head appears, it wouldn’t be able to exert any power. Very, very diligently.”

[IlHan, your reasoning really is different from other people…] (Liera)

Even while Liera was muttering that, Yu IlHan’s destructive plan was going very smoothly.

This damned castle was too big, so it did take a lot of time, but the fire he had set did not get extinguished and broke one protective magic in the castle after another, and the bloodflame became even bigger while consuming the mana that flowed out from the broken magic formations.

Originally, the protective magic would activate before the fire grew to be too big, and if that didn’t work, the mages would come into play and extinguish the fire, but both of them had been broken by Yu IlHan.

The castle, which was the core of power of humanity of Ferata, was collapsing like that. By a single 3rd class human.

Since the fire had spread so far, the upper parts of the castle had long since collapsed due to the fire, and where Yu IlHan was in right now was in the central parts of the underground.

Of course, he had killed everyone he had met on the way down. Perhaps there were some people belonging to the imperial family among the ones he killed, but that did not matter to Yu IlHan at all.

[There must be a huge amount of treasure in the castle, aren’t you taking them?] (Liera)

“There are mountains of them from just what I got in Dareu. Moreover, at this point, they must have all melted down no matter which part of the castle they are in.”

Moreover, if there was an artifact he needed, he could just make them himself. However, Liera didn’t seem to have given up as she nagged him again.

[In fact, I found a magic that looks like that was cast over the treasure vault. Can’t you just take the entire treasure vault into your inventory? You can check it later. Yeah? It won’t take that long either. And in fact, it’s just ahead of us. So please?] (Liera)

“You like diamond rings so much!?”

[Yes! I want to receive one!] (Liera)

Liera declared firmly without the slightest bit of embarrassment! Yu IlHan sighed and confirmed with her.

“Can I really take it into my inventory?”

[Of course, if you just break the protective magic.] (Liera)

“*Sigh*, okay. Since it’s ahead of us it will be strange if we don’t go.”

Not only could he not reject because it was Liera’s request, considering that the vault was intact, even if Yu IlHan wiped out both the head and the body, it was likely that the remaining people would use the treasures in the vault to build a strong empire again.

As he couldn’t let that happen, Yu IlHan just obediently ran according to her directions.

[Turn left here.] (Liera)

“Hey.”

[It’s a super advanced illusion magic that will lead you outside if you don’t go the correct way. Even your concealment skill would not deceive it. It’s a super illusion magic completed over several generations.] (Liera)

“But won’t you be caught in some rule of higher existences if you tell me that?”

[There’s no rule like that. Moreover, look.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan looked towards the direction Liera was pointing. He finally found something weird, and it was that the super-sized bloodflame Yu IlHan had created seemed like it was covering every single inch, but it also seemed like some were emitting heat while some of it didn’t.

In other words, there were fake flames and real flames here. As Yu IlHan was the one who generated these flames, the fake flames could not deceive Yu IlHan anymore.

[Protecting the real path with protective magic, and adding illusion magic on top of it to deceive the enemy. How is it, don’t you think there will be something if you go to where the fake flames are leading you?] (Liera)

“How do you know so well when you don’t specialize in magic?”

[Although my magic is no good, finding and destroying magic is my specialty!] (Liera)

Really, she was the same as Yu IlHan in that regard.

He obediently ran.

Proceeding through the path, Yu IlHan did not meet anyone. Really, there was not even a single rat. Liera explained like this:

[Positioning troops here carry the risk of the protective magic being found out.] (Liera)

“Huh, I’m really starting to see something?”

How long had he ran? They arrived at an ordinary iron door that was neither big nor small.

However, it will be a different story if that was the center of the protective magic and the illusion magic. Moreover, as he had left the effective range of the illusion magic, the fake flames didn’t reach here either.

[It’s here. It’s being protected by the protective magic. What are you going to do about it?] (Liera)

That, was an area of silence; one which nothing and no one could invade.

“Good, let’s go with the super-sized landmine.”

And Yu IlHan, decided to invade that silence. He had moved the landmines in his inventory, using his remote collection technique, next to the treasure vault without the least bit of shock!

[Did you learn bombing in the military?] (Liera)

“Manual Labor is all about finding the right tricks, Liera.”

The reason Yu IlHan himself didn’t move was very simple. If he attacked himself, then his concealment would wear off, but when that happened, wouldn’t the many layers of trap magic beyond the door activate? Yu IlHan was someone who became more careful when doing bad things.

“Well, then, let’s do this, now, now!”

The landmine exploded without any prior signs and destroyed the door. Simultaneously, countless trap magic activated and scattered poisonous gas, curses, physical explosions, flames, and ice in order to make a very dangerous looking smoke, but as Yu IlHan was quite far away and even had Aegis covering him, so he was left he was intact.

[Uwaa. What are you going to do if the contents of the vault is also…….?] (Liera)

“Hey, why did you suddenly…… huh?”

Just as Yu Ilhan was about to ask why she suddenly stopped her line, he acquired the answer himself: Although he had felt nothing before the vault opened, now that the doors were smashed apart,

he could see human figures retreating deep back in fear.

“Goddammit. No matter how you look at it, they are the imperial family. So they were hiding inside and didn’t run outside?”

[I don’t care about that, where’s my treasure……?] (Liera)

While Liera muttered in disappointment, the humans that could be seen beyond the smoke acted very quickly. The relatively young ones quickly moved backwards, and 4th class knights, and 3 of them, took forward. As if it wasn’t allowed to touch the imperial family without going through them!

Now he was sure. There was no way a fake imperial family would be protected by 4th classes. Why did they foolishly hide inside the palace when they could have run outside!

“The demon already reached here……!”

“You shall not pass! The sword of the empire shall slay you!”

Looking at that unexpected scene, Yu IlHan pondered for a little. However, he soon came to a conclusion.

“Tch, I can’t help it.”

He flicked his fingers. At that moment, all landmines and grenades suddenly appeared inside the emergency shelter.

Among them, was a grenade that Yu IlHan had made in Dareu, using a 4th class magic stone. A.K.A Yu IlHan’s general gift set: ”One way ticket to hell!”

“Kyaaak!”

“Wh, what is this! Take it away right now!”

“Sir Elbani!”

“Y, Your Majesty!”

Although Yu IlHan had a lot of fun with landmines since he had come here, it was in fact very difficult to use grenades or landmines against 4th classes.

Above all, unless his concealment came into play like how he fished the 4th classes last time, he wouldn’t be able to even try this, and he also needed to stir their spirits so that they wouldn’t be able to react quickly. Moreover, he could only use them in closed spaces where there was nowhere to run.

Finally, unless a critical hit occurred, there was almost no meaning in using them.

In that sense, the current situation was one of the best scenarios.

Above all, the space was very narrow, and as the ones they had to guard were right in front of them, they could not escape. On top of that, he was using a grenade with splendid power against a 4th class human with a comparatively weak body!

[So you meant to kill everyone by ‘can’t help it’?] (Liera)

Liera shouted in shock, but Yu IlHan replied calmly.

“4th classes belong to the heart in the body. If so, I need to kill all of them, but even I don’t have the confidence to win against a 3 on 1 fight with the enemies all being 4th classes.”

As such, he would weaken them first before attacking them. Even if he had to use a precious grenade made with a 4th class magic stone!

“Your Majesty, now……!”

Bwaaam.

Not giving them any time to do anything, the piles of grenades and landmines caused a chain explosion. And in fact, Yu IlHan had set them so that there would be no time to do anything.

Since so many explosions were heard at once, it even sounded a little like a siren.

[Critical Hit!]

“Cough, Kahak.”

“Ku, huk…… Sir, Elbani……?”

What was fortunate for Yu IlHan was that there wasn’t a lot of shock all the way where he was since the shelter had absorbed most of it, and Aegis was enough to block it.

And what was unfortunate for the enemies was that since most of the shockwaves were directed inside the shelter, they had to taste a slice of hell for a moment.

The result was very clear as well. The weakest one among the 4th classes instantly died, and the two imperial family members that that guy had covered for also perished. The second strongest among the 4th classes received a serious injury such that he could not stand again, and the three imperial family members he had covered for had of course, died instantly.

“Your Majesty……!”

“Kuhuhuk…..No, No…..!”

“Your Majesty, please come to your senses!”

Since he was called ‘Your Majesty’ he must be the emperor, right? That person was only crying like a mental patient. Perhaps because everyone that Yu IlHan thought was his family, had been killed.

“One more.”

[You have earned 7,293,029,186 experience.]

Oh, with Yu IlHan’s whip, the second strongest among the 4th classes also died just now.

Of course, as the chain explosion of the grenades and landmines had no connection with Yu IlHan, he did not get any experience from it, neither did his concealment wear off. And since his attack just now had instakilled the enemy, his concealment did not wear off..

“Yo, you devillish bastard!”

The emperor, who witnessed his subordinate’s head flying into the air, cried out in anguish. The knight that still covered for the emperor as his last line of defence also abruptly opened his eyes.

“You bastard! You son of a bitch!”

“Kill me! I said KILL ME!”

Yu IlHan did as the emperor wished.

No, he thought he did so when something strange happened.

The whip that Yu IlHan lashed straight towards the emperor’s head, somehow latched onto one of the arms of the knight that protected him. That was an indescribable sensation, and what was even more inexplicable was that Yu IlHan’s concealment suddenly wore off the moment he grabbed the whip!

“Sir Elbani!”

“You are lower than an insect……!”

The sword of the empire that protected the emperor glared at Yu IlHan and shouted.

“I’ll show you the martial art of the protector!”

[It’s an advanced martial art. Oh my god!] (Liera)

The guy pulled the whip with all his power. as Yu IlHan was grabbing the other end, his body also flew forward as well.

As all objects that could potentially become obstacles were destroyed in the explosion, he was drawn closer to him in a straight line! And he couldn’t even react!

“DIeee!”

A knee kick after the pulling!

That desperate attack was dissipated by the five layers of Aegis shields that gathered in front of Yu IlHan’s stomach, but as if having waited for it, the guy had let the whip go and struck Yu IlHan after gathering all his mana on his single elbow!

Crack!

That speed was too fast for Aegis to catch up. However, the moment his elbow was about to pierce Yu IlHan’s chest, many gigantic blades protruded out from the chest area and blocked his elbow.

Of course, as their power could not be compared, they also didn’t hold out for long, and Yu IlHan was smashed away.

It was natural that he would distance himself while being shot away. However, Liera didn’t know that and shouted in despair.

[IlHan, are you alright!?] (Liera)

“I, remember, the days, when, I went whale hunting… with dad…..!”

[You seem alright since you’re still joking around. Phew.] (Liera)

“It really hurts though…….!”

The defensive capability of Yu IlHan’s armor that made him feel only ‘a large amount of pain’ from a full force strike from a 4th class over level 250. Like what Liera said, he could still crack jokes.

Of course, three or four blades were completely broken, and the armor was dented inwards which went towards proving that the enemy’s attack was not ordinary, but it seemed that the enemy couldn’t accept that.

“How can you be fine after allowing my attack to hit!”

“Well, you didn’t ask because you want me to tell you, right?”

Yu IlHan put away the whip inside his inventory and took out his spear to go against him.

A super expert with an expected level over 250, with a single arm and almost no mana, and Yu IlHan, who, despite having received a full force hit, was still protected by Aegis and was covered with unbelievable artifacts, but could no longer use the power of his concealment and the Deathgod skill. This would be a close fight.

The moment Yu IlHan was about to kick off the ground, Liera shouted.

[IlHan, don’t let your guard down!] (Liera)

“It’s alright, I can just run if I’m about to lose!”

With a declaration that unfit for a protagonist, Yu IlHan charged at the final knight of the empire!



Chapter 134

“Hup!”

The knight took forward as if protecting the emperor. However, Yu IlHan didn’t even glance at the legless emperor, and struck out his spear while looking at towards the knight.

Yu IlHan’s spear trained over a millennium, and the knight’s fist, which had gone through hundreds of years of battle, clashed!

Boom!

Yu IlHan’s two-handed spear strike, and the opponent’s fist clashed head on and caused a boom under the ground.

However, the one to step back first in that monstrous clash, was Yu IlHan.

“Kuhk!”

[Kroaaar!]

Yu IlHan couldn’t believe it. The opponent’s attack did not contain a lot of mana, and he was single-armed too! But even after that he couldn’t endure it? His psyche took a good churn.

‘Let’s be serious. No matter how weakened he is, he’s still a 4th class, and he’s the highest levelled one too if I exclude the higher existences I met before. There’s over a hundred levels of difference and he has learned an advanced martial art as well. Moreover, he’s the first one to have seen through my concealment.’

Yu IlHan’s eyes changed. His stance became more meticulous, and his spear twisted at a weird angle and aimed for the opponent’s heart. Synchronizing his breathing and mana, he focused everything on the spear tip.

Although he did say that it was fine because of the armor, and he could run at anytime, to Liera, that was only to make her relax.

If he could not kill him here, this guy may recover using some strange methods and invade Earth again, so there was no way he could leave behind a potentially dangerous element!

“You……! You’re only a mere 3rd class, but how?”

However, the surprise was the same for the enemy. It seemed that he had realized that Yu IlHan was not a simple bomber, but a trained spearman. Yu IlHan smiled and charged forward again.

“Try blocking again!”

“I’ll block it a million times!”

“Bullshit.”

Another clash. Although he tried to add a fake to his hand or shoulder movements, it seemed that it wasn’t that effective against an opponent who has learned an advanced martial art. Yu IlHan was the one to retreat in the second clash as well.

However, with this, he was finished measuring the opponent. The opponent really was not hiding any of his power.

“Come at me! My defense will not crumble with just this!”

“Hey.”

Yu IlHan laughed and re-gripped his spear.

“Did you really think I wouldn’t know that you are calling for reinforcements by causing this mess?”

Illusion magic and protective magic was a finished story, and since Yu IlHan had destroyed them both with the explosion, anyone could approach this place.

This knight was considering the scenario where he couldn’t block Yu IlHan, and was dragging this fight out.

“Kuhk……!”

The knight bit his lips, it seemed that Yu IlHan was right.

The moment Yu IlHan charged forward was exactly at that moment. The moment his psyche took a slight shock and power left his body for a brief moment!

[So sneaky!] (Liera)

“Call me an expert of psychological warfare! Hah!”

On top of Yu IlHan’s spear, purple flames and Blaze intertwined and created a violent flame. Perhaps the opponent realized that Yu IlHan was now doing a full-out attack, it seemed that the knight with lacking mana gathered whatever energy he had in his body and prepared to counterattack.

“Sir Elbani, that is……!”

“You vile creature, this, is human will……!”

He focused his mana as if to make his remaining arm explode, and was subliming it into something other than mana! It was a beautiful energy that made one forget about the battle and look at it.

“Take this, my……. Kyahak!”

However, that was that, and opportunity was still an opportunity.

Just before Yu IlHan’s spear clashed head on with the opponent’s fist, an Untraceable Trajectory Yu IlHan had struck out beforehand ripped his neck apart.

“Kuhp, Huuup!”

What was really amazing was that the fist did not even tremble with that attack. As expected of an advanced skill that is equal to the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory! And!

“Kyahak!”

[Critical Hit!]

[The skill, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, has become level 27. It becomes possible to attack faster, more secretively and consecutively.]

[The skill, Critical hit, has become level 51. The critical hit rate increases.]

The moment Yu IlHan’s spear seemed to clash with his fist, yet another invisible spear strike created a second hole in his neck!

[Oh my god, two at almost the same time!?] (Liera)

“Just die.”

Unless Yu IlHan was some single-episode monster that came out in Power Rangers, there was no way he could receive a full power hit head on, is there? In fear of getting hit by the remaining energy in the fist, he hurriedly retreated and landed.

“Kuhp, Kuhuk……!”

However, it seems he was overly worried. Although the opponent tried to attack Yu IlHan with purely superhuman willpower, the moment Yu IlHan’s second strike landed as a critical hit, the option on the Eight-tailed dragon spear activated and scattered extremely poisonous material fog.

This poisonous fog was difficult to endure even with Extreme poison resistance. And this time, the opponent had inhaled it directly through the windpipe, so the result was obvious. However, the knight still muttered more words even while trembling in this situation.

“How, can……”

“This, is human will!”

“You, bas…….!”

Even while coughing out blood due to using an advanced spear skill twice almost simultaneously, he kept mocking the knight. If there was a mocking competition, gold would be his!

However, Liera managed to read the deep rage inside his light words. She had seen so much of him hiding his true thoughts inside his light actions for a millennium.

Moreover, she was also fed up with those humans with their multiple rulers. If there was any time she felt disgusted for humans in her time as angel, it would be right now.

“Did you really have to do this! Did you really have to destroy a castle with an entire history of a whole world, and step on the dreams and hopes of everything that grew in it! Did you have to kill the imperial family! And even the descendents who knew nothing!”

“……knew nothing? And did you really have to skin innocent people all the way on Earth? huh?”

It seems Yu IlHan’s patience was near the limit. He asked the knight who was coughing out blood with a bright smile. At that moment, the knight’s eyelids trembled and he shut his mouth.

Of course. This was about invading an entire world. There was no way an imperial bodyguard knight would not know when he protected the emperor right by his side.

“If you make me accept it, then I’ll let you go, so please speak. Hey, I’m giving you the chance.”

“Th, that’s……”

“Speak.”

Said Yu IlHan softly. The knight seemed to stutter before opening his mouth.

“That, has something to do with the fate of our world……”

“Oh, yes, of course. And that fate looks to be sure now. From now, you will be destroyed. I’ll make it so.”

Yu IlHan made a thick smile. Unconcealable killing intent could be felt from his light words. Liera, who was quietly watching this entire conversation playing out in his embrace, thought ‘How cool!’ as expected of a hopeless angel.

“Ka, hak……!”

“And you, you talked about human will or whatnot, but that wasn’t even funny.”

Yu IlHan raised his Eight-tailed dragon spear. As he had serious injuries, and even had holes in his neck, and even directly inhaled the poisonous fog, he would die even if he left him alone, but it didn’t fit with Yu IlHan’s personality to leave the enemy alone.

“You guys are not human.”

Purple flames and Blaze burned. Perhaps this, too, has something that was more than just mana.

“You are trash worse than monsters.”

When he threw his spear, it flew as and struck as if the spear was meant to be in that place, and pierced the head of the knight. Blaze, which gave the greatest pain by burning extremely brightly, severed his life the next moment.

[You have earned 23,820,227,405 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 257 Elbani Da Qurad.]

“Wow, I’m still not levelling up. That’s really frustrating.”

How many would this ‘Elbani’ guy would have killed in order to reach level 257? Yu IlHan stuck out his tongue at the overwhelming weight of time, and approached the last man here.

“S, spare me.”

Shouted the emperor in despair.

“W, we only wanted a safer dungeon!”

“What the hell is up with that?”

[Ah, aaah…… so that was it.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan didn’t understand at all, but Liera seemed to have instantly understood it.

[This world, was just before the 3rd Great Cataclysm, right? Earth is just before its second.] (Liera)

“And so?”

[You should know that there is a limit to the materials of Traps of Destruction in Heaven’s possession, right? Among them, the quantity of materials to make Traps of Destructions to safely entrap more and stronger monsters, amount to even less. There is not enough to go around to every world. However, every world would want to get their hands on it, right?] (Liera)

“Of course.”

[That’s why, at certain intervals, Heaven’s Army opens the Battle of Competition between worlds that are about to meet their next Great Cataclysm. The winner takes the Traps of Destruction.] (Liera)

Just by attaching the word ‘competition’ it wasn’t like it could beautify the cruel word ‘battle’. Anyhow, having heard that, he wanted to ask about the rules of the battle, or about the balance of power between worlds, or about the list of matches, but he had no time to listen to any of that.

If there was anything important, it was that,

“So, these guys would sneak into Earth with the help of traitors, and become spies in the Battle of Competition to make Earth lose?”

[Bingo.] (Liera)

I knew it! It really wasn’t just a simple invasion! Only now did everything become clear.

Nothing changed the fact that these guys were bitches, but it was good to find out what these bitches are trying to do!

“So, why didn’t you tell me that before?”

[It’s forbidden to say it beforehand. And these guys know already because they have a prior experience in their 2nd Great Cataclysm. And since you’ve heard it from them, it’s fine for me to tell you as well. Moreover, even I didn’t think that there would be a world that would cause such an absurd thing like this just because of the Battle of Competition……] (Liera)

“Okay, that’s enough.”

With that, he felt refreshed. Since he was, it was time to finish his this. Since he had stirred too much a mess, he felt people approaching this palce.

“Heeek!”

When Yu IlHan approached the emperor with a spear in his hand, the guy shouted in fear.

“If you kill me, the emperor of Kadra empire, there will be a disaster! You must not kill me!”

“Oh, really now.”

“Y, yes! The demonic beast that is contracted to the empire will rampage around in rage! If that happens, it will be the end of everything!”

“Great!”

Even while exclaiming, he swung his spear without hesitation and severed the emperor’s neck. Yu IlHan snorted while looking down at the emperor, who had an expression of fear until the very moment he died.

“You’re talking as if giant robot will come out of the pentagon.”

[What if it really happens?] (Liera)

“Then that’s the karma of this empire.”

The innocent civilians will be massacred just because the emperor was killed?

No matter how rotten and hypocritical this empire was, there was no way they would treat its people as if they were insects, was th…….

[Kgaaah!]

At that moment, Yu IlHan could hear a roar from far away as if to smash apart his naïve thoughts.

He knew just from the cry. Whatever this cry belonged to, it had an absurd amount of power!

Yu IlHan looked at the dead corpse of the emperor with dizzy eyes before muttering in vain.

“Ha… ha… oh shit.”

These bitches were really bitches until the very end. No, calling them bitches was an understatement.

[What are you going to do, IlHan?] (Liera)

“I dunno. If I go back to Earth, I’ll try visiting the Pentagon.”

[Yes, yes. I’ll go together with you. So what about now?] (Liera)

“…….Well, of course.”

Yu IlHan heaved a deep sigh. He would welcome that beast if it just stomped on the leader-class people of this empire, but the probability of that was infinitely close to 0……

“Shouldn’t I take care of it since I caused it? ……. I really don’t want the innocent people to die.”

[How can you be so merciful at such critical moments…] (Liera)

“Hmph, shaddap”

Yu IlHan could see that the knights that were approaching this place had already stopped due to that cry.

Well then. What did he have to say in order to use them well.

Yu IlHan pondered on such useless questions as he prepared for battle.



Chapter 135

Disaster fell upon the empire of Kadra. It appeared without prior notice on a hill nearby the imperial castle, and bellowed as if to make everyone acknowledge its existence.

An enormous body, strands of thick, black magic power that covered it, and the black fire spreading from its body was as if it was the reincarnation of horror.

“Oh my god……”

“It’s divine punishment. It’s God’s punishment because we committed a taboo.”

“The empire is done for.”

“Aah, we shouldn’t have grabbed onto their hand.”

All that knew the identity of the monster collapsed on the spot in despair.

It was clear that the emperor had died. Since the demonic beast would not have shown itself if there were any survivors amongst the imperial family, the imperial family must have been exterminated as well.

The imperial castle collapsed and burned, and most of the high ranked knights and mages had also died. The forces inside the castle only amounted to a total of 3000 with just a few low-levelled 3rd classes, and half baked 2nd classes.

Now that things had come to this, the nobles in the countryside would not aid the imperial capital. They would hide in their territories, praying that the demon beast’s wrath would not extend unto their land. Even if they did step up, they wouldn’t have any 4th class beings within their ranks. As such, they could hardly expect to be able to calm the beast down, much less hunt it.

The empire was done for. With this, it had certainly met its end.

“So, you are going to wait for your deaths?”

It was then that Yu IlHan showed himself in front of the thousands of knights. He put the bloodied Eight-tailed dragon spear on his shoulders with his left hand, and on his right hand was the head of the emperor. He looked truly like a villain.

“Y, you! All of this happened because of you!”

Someone that looked like a captain of a knight order pointed at Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan threw the emperor’s head towards him, and he hastily grabbed it.

“Speak properly. Everything happened because of your emperor, no?”

“His Majesty only-!”

“Shut up.”

Shutting the captain up, Yu IlHan spoke again after having a look at the looks of despair on the thousands of knights.

“So, you are just going to wait for your deaths?”

“Then what do you want us to do!”

As if having waited for those words, Yu IlHan pointed towards the crying monster on the hill with his spear. His mouth had curved into a smile from some time.

“You gotta kill that.”

“Not to mention killing it, we cannot even wound it properly with our power. You! You killed everyone that can kill that monster!”

“Yes.”

Yu IlHan didn’t deny it at all. He had already killed 5 4th classes since he had come here. If there were any left in the castle, then he would be really amazed. In fact, 5 was at an already amazing level.

“Well, then. If you have a head, then try using it. I killed everyone that can kill that thing. If so, will I be able to kill that, or not?”

“What…..? You….. kill, that thing?”

“Probably, if I set up some things beforehand?”

The knights lost their words. They all had expressions that had ‘what’s this guy up to’ written on their faces. Well, it was no wonder, since the guy who came to this world for revenge was saying that he was about to kill a monster with the same objective.

Of course, Yu IlHan didn’t require the understanding from these people at all.

“You have two choices. One, you die under my hands right now. Two, you die by getting eaten by that absurdly huge monster.”

“What’s the difference between the two?”

The knights smiled in despair. Yu IlHan also smiled.

“Well, who knows? Perhaps the demonic beast will eat less humans because you’re inside its stomach?”

No one replied to that. Instead, one of the knights that kept his silence until now asked while glaring at Yu IlHan.

“Then why are you saying that you will kill that thing?”

“You’re asking that? It looks like all the innocent civilians will die just because of you bitches. How can I leave it alone?”

Ah, anymore of this would be useless. Their thought circuits were different so what good would it do even if he said anymore? Yu IlHan just clicked his tongue and raised his hands. It was time to send worthless death upon worthless peo…..

“I’m going.”

At that moment, one of the knights stood up.

“Although it feels unpleasant since it looks like you’re using me…… if something changes because of me, then I’m going.”

“I’m going as well.”

“I cannot leave the fate of the empire to someone like you. I’m also going.”

“Kuhk, if it’s for the empire, even if I have to shake hands with a demon……!”

He thought ‘well sure’ at the beginning when 1 or 2 stood up, but it seems like…. they were standing up one after the other? Looking at their resolved expressions, they looked like main protagonists before their final battle. Yu IlHan thought while looking at that scene,

‘Hah, you sure boast even though you succumbed to my threat.’

No matter how you look at it, it seemed like they were trying to gift wrap their deaths since they couldn’t avoid it….. since he could use them now, he didn’t point that out.

Soon, all the knights had stood up, and the captain also decided to follow Yu IlHan, even while feeling that he had fallen for Yu IlHan’s trap. He couldn’t go against the peer pressure.

[IlHan.] (Liera)

At that moment, Liera escaped from Yu IlHan’s embrace and spoke.

[I’ll be back after I execute a traitor.] (Liera)

“You found them?”

[Yeah, I’m sure of it. Although it was quite hard to find since he was hiding…. I found someone that had a record of coming into contact with the emperor and the dead battalion commanders. What gave me the confirmation….. is that he’s approaching the gate right now.] (Liera)

Oh, then it was 100% sure now.

Liera instantly expanded into the same size as Yu IlHan and floated upwards.

[Be careful of the beast. Although it doesn’t differ much in level to the knight you killed last, it strength should be on completely different levels.] (Liera)

“You too, Liera.”

[Yes, I’ll be back.] (Liera)

Liera lightly kissed Yu IlHan’s cheeks before instantly disappearing with flap of her wings. Yu IlHan, who was left behind, absent-mindedly stroked his cheeks, before realizing that the knights were staring at him, and he spoke with a slight blush.

“Th, then from now, I’ll explain to you a plan so that you can die a slightly better than a dog’s death, so listen carefully.”

It took 5 minutes for the demon beast’s cry to die down. After that, it ran while raising the flame output from its body.

Everything burnt into black ash on its path, and it didn’t stop at that and scattered acrid smoke onto the surroundings.

[Guoooh!]

Not only that, its cry didn’t just end with shockwaves and proceeded to shatter surrounding rocks and trees. Whatever it did, it became a natural disaster.

“Huh……”

Even Yu IlHan, who resolved himself to kill it, thought that ‘Huh? Wouldn’t I really die in this fight?’ as he approached the area.

Would his armor hold out well? Yu IlHan gulped after looking at the slightly dented armor due to the fight with the knight last time. In any case, he could only try!

“I already told you the plan. I throw and it gets pierced. Then?”

“……We grab and hold.”

The knights answered with very stiff expressions. Yu IlHan nodded and held a thick dragon bone harpoon with both of his hands.

The harpoon which had undergone many upgrades to have enhanced durability along with piercing power and restrictive power! Of course, he had long since embedded a pillar that went with it.

Right now, Yu IlHan and the knights were transforming an area where the demon beast would come in 1 minute if it ran straight ahead, into a battlefield, while preparing to fight.

Tens of large scale harpoon & pillar sets were embedded in the ground, and aside from that, Yu IlHan had installed the ballistas that remained after giving Erta some to deliver to Kang MiRae. Although they were weak knights, many of them should be able to load a ballista if they worked together. Even other than them, he had taken out a lot of things from his inventory. If he lost, then his losses would be incredible.

“If I succeed in killing that demon beast with your help, then I will no longer interfere with you.”

With the demon beast nearing, Yu IlHan suddenly declared. Then, the knights all raised their heads.

“Is…… is that true?”

“Yes. I’m saying I won’t care if you rebuild the castle or do whatever you want. It’s not like you have the power to invade Earth again anyway.”

“Ooh, oooh!”

The knights finally gained their spirits.

Defeat the beast, and rebuild the empire with the survivors! How dramatic was that!

The public will absolutely favor the knights that protected the imperial capital, and although they would have to negotiate with the nobles, they would still be the core of new history! That was the heroism, and legend that all knights wished for!

“W, we shall definitely kill the beast!”

“We shall survive!”

Yu IlHan nodded in satisfaction while looking at the rising morale of the knights.

‘Good, I think it’s about time I get a max level ‘scam’ skill.’

Obviously, these bitches had all something to do with the Earth invasion, and as such, they were all bitches to the core. Yu IlHan was planning to clean things up even if someone remained after the demon beast died.

He lied to raise morale and bring out some activity from the knights, but he never knew it would be so effective!

“It’s coming!”

At that moment, one of the knights shouted. There was no more room for leisure. The other knights also scurried to their positions.

Yu IlHan put a great amount of strength into his arm holding the harpoon and activated his concealment after making the knights retreat. Then, he put all of his power into the harpoon. He activated the Superhuman strength skill, brought out any bit of power he could get from the Absolute accuracy skill, and finally, he focused in order to imbue the power of other martial arts into his throw.

‘Sharpness of a spear, destructiveness of a hammer, speed of a whip! A proper strike while it’s still rampaging around without noticing anything!’

Tensing all the muscles in his body, when he opened his eyes, its figure filled his vision.

He had to throw the harpoon right now, but its figure over 30 meters was overwhelming to the point that it almost snapped his willpower to challenge it.

‘No, Orochi and the other dragons weren’t inferior to this.’

Although he had the anti-dragon weapon then, so what?

Yu IlHan had become stronger. Not only his artifacts, but his levels, and his skills also rose. As such, he could do it!

Breathing deeply, he threw the harpoon which he threw to the best of his ability!

[Critical Hit!]

[Kyauoooaaah!]

The harpoon Yu IlHan threw, pierced deeply into its cat’s paw-like foot, if you didn’t consider its size. It seemed that attack was painful no matter how big it was, as it roared like hell and spat out flames from all over its body.

“Kuhaaak!”

With that single roar, 3 knights were ripped into pieces, theground was dug apart, and the fire from its body spread to the harpoon, then onto the dragon leather rope, and to the pillar. The pillar seemed very unstable as it was about to be pulled out at any moment, and the knights who had to stop that from happening despaired!

“……”

“Cover it with your bodies. Hold out so it doesn’t get pulled out!”

Ordered Yu IlHan to the knights that were absent mindedly watching and before jumping upwards. Its gigantic and yellow glowing eyes were glaring at Yu IlHan!

“Ballista! Fire!”

At the same time it spat out black flames towards Yu IlHan, the knights also hurriedly moved around. They pulled the trigger to the ballistas that were loaded to maximum power, 20 shots of them too!

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

The extra-large sized arrows made of dragon bones all pierced the gigantic body of the demon beast. However, the moment it was about to react and turn its head towards them, the harpoon Yu IlHan threw from the second zone pierced onto its back!

[Critical Hit!]

[Kyahaaah!]

“Good!”

Yu IlHan was sure that he had imbued the sharpness of a sword and the speed of a whip into his harpoon throw just now. Otherwise, there was no way it would pierce so deeply like that!

He leaped towards the third area and while shouting.

“The (weapons made of materials from) dragons shall punish you!”

[Krrraaah!]

The demon beast roared again. And the knights were swept away like dried leaves in the autumn wind.

The knights should have realized by now. How hard it was to become a legendary character! Why was the world so full of those sad legends and why no one doesn’t believe such legends!

[Krrraaah, Kyahaooo!]

The demon beast’s roar became fiercer. The flames from its body all aimed towards Yu IlHan and came from various directions! While Yu IlHan wanted to test its attack power in one corner of his heart, he also thought that it didn’t need to be him to be the one to get hit.

“Ballistas! Shoot after loading! Pile bunkers too! Move!”

As such, he grabbed the harpoon on the third area and threw it at the beast’s hind foot, and sneakily put the knights up front to make them defend against the flame, before hurriedly going to the 4th area and grabbing the harpoon.

He probably had to do this around 30 more times in order to stop the beast’s movement. Perhaps more, since the pillar in the second area looked very unstable.

[Kyahoooaaak!]

The demon beast roared. A portion of a rocky cliff far away shattered, and knights exploded again.

The crisis was too absurd that it was almost funny. Yu IlHan didn’t go down even against the monster’s explosive mana as he muttered while throwing a new set of harpoon.

“Call me Ish…… Ah, well. Hey! Over there! Move faster!”

The battle had just started. Although over a hundred knights had perished, there were still more than 3000!



Chapter 136

When Yu IlHan succeeded in striking about thirty harpoons into the beast’s body, there were only 1,700 knights left on the scene. The rest were either eaten by the beast, or killed by Yu IlHan in their attempt to run away.

[Kukyaaah!]

“Good, now it won’t budge a single bit.”

At first, the beast tried to crash into the imperial capital after finishing off Yu IlHan and the knights quickly, but now, its movements were almost entirely restricted due to the harpoons that riddled its body.

Well, there were no more harpoons to throw, since they were all broken! Now, it was the time to believe in the knights that guarded the pillars connected to the harpoons and proceed to the next stage.

“Grab onto it with all your might! We shall protect the empire!”

“Uoooh!”

“The beast cannot move! Knights, show it your willpower!”

“Uoooh!”

In the face of the absurdly large disaster, it seemed their minds had broken down. The surviving knights all put on a hero act. They combined their power to go against the beast, and desperately attacked in order to deal any form of damage!

Newly confirming that human spirit move towards how it suited itself, Yu IlHan kicked off the ground.

[Kyahoooh!]

All of the beast’s aggro was on Yu ilHan, as it was he who had struck all those harpoons in in the first place. It should really hate Yu IlHan to death right now.

As such, Yu IlHan couldn’t rest even for a little. Its endless cries, and the unending pillars of fire from its body, and the thick tail which Yu IlHan failed to hold down with the harpoon, were all aiming for him!

“Ugh!”

[Kyahaa!]

Since the tail was very visible, it was easy to avoid. The problem was the flame and the cry.

The flames from its body burnt the air and devoured the space. Extreme poison and vicious curses would remain wherever the flame passed by. Most of the knights died thanks to this, and even Yu IlHan would have collapsed long ago if he did not have Extreme poison resistance and Higher curse resistance.

[Kuoooh!]

“Goddammit!”

The most dangerous above all was its roar. Everything that lay on the path of its mouth was obliterated, and he couldn’t avoid that.

Dragon magic that had almost no delay from incantation to activation was already OP enough, but this guy, in terms of destructive ability, was chain shooting such attacks like nothing!

“Tch!”

“Uoooh!”

“Kuaak!”

It was impossible to avoid just by observing its movements. He had to sense the vibration of mana and anticipate the trajectory before the actual attack, and even had to leap twice in order to avoid it.

As he had to deploy Superhuman strength in order to use leap, he had deployed Superhuman strength this whole time, and to keep and recover his muscles in the extreme state, he also had to keep up his Transcendent regeneration. It was good that he had prepared a lot of Breath.

[Kyaoooh!]

For some time, Yu IlHan had given up on relying on sight in battle. Even while he was blinking, his body rushed through the air, and many things blurred his vision whenever he opened his eyes, including the ground, the sky, rocks and trees, flames and a gigantic tail!

In this repetition of delicate psychological warfare and dodging, Yu IlHan’s mana senses and his leap skill grew diligently. The battle senses that Yu IlHan could never develop as no one and nothing overwhelmed him in speed and power before – this was starting to take shape in this place.

In exchange for Yu IlHan’s sweat and pain!

“Eat this!”

[Kugyaaah!]

It wasn’t like Yu IlHan was running around all this time. He was doing is ‘next stage’ that he had declared before. Which was, throwing spears from long range!

Even now, a huge bone spear that appeared above its back shot down fast with the entire weight of the inventory and struck deep into its body. This happened as soon as Yu IlHan saw that its body was within his range of remote collection in his dodging.

[Critical Hit!]

[Kyahaaak!]

It seemed it was painful as it forgot to send out a roar and twisted its body. For Yu IlHan, this was a rare opportunity. He avoided the pillar of black flames that erupted from its body and struck out with his spear, and this worked very successfully.

[Critical Hit!]

Yu IlHan wished to pour down hundreds of spears at once, but not only was it impossible to control that many spears while dodging every single one of its monstrous attacks, it was also impossible to give any effective damage if he spread out the weight into over 100 parts.

This was also a fact he had realized with tens of sacrifices from the knights. It was better to do a clear strike every time he had the opportunity!

“Kuaaah!”

“Aah, for the empire!”

Those same knights were grandly being evaporated real time. The beast’s tail or the fire, or the roar that failed to attack Yu IlHan would scatter in every direction and affected them. Every time the beast rampaged, the ground shook, thunderclouds gathered in the skies and knights died.

If it rampaged a little more, perhaps this entire landscape might flip over. IF that happened, then there will no longer be a meaning in those harpoons. As such, he had to strike as many times as possible with his spear while it was still grounded!

[Kyahaak!]

“Attack! It’s becoming weaker!”

Yu IlHan shouted loudly as he flew again. He leaped again and again while dodging the whip of black flames, and shooted several kilometers into the air in an instant, before taking out a dragon bone spear before throwing it down with his full power!

“Show it the will of our Kadra empire, and our power!”

“Let’s prove our undying glory and power to that shithead!”

At that moment, the crazed knights took the single-time use pile bunker that Yu IlHan had given them and charged forward!

[Kuoooh!]

“Uaaah!”

“Uryaaah!”

Of course, there were more knights that evaporated into nothingness while charging, but even more knights rushed forward and took the pile bunker before striking them into the beast’s foot and butt.

Since Yu IlHan had given them the pile bunker fully loaded, the effect was of course great!

[Kyaaahk!]

The demon beast twisted around and cried in pain. The rope connecting the harpoons and pillars all stretched taut, but they still held out quite well!

“What the hell is up with them? They’re fighting better than I thought. And there’s quite a lot of effective damage too……”

Avoiding the scattering roar of the beast, Yu IlHan landed while muttering. So it was possible for humans to become crazy to such an extent in the face of death? Some of them even looked to be fighting beyond their capabilities!

At that moment, an even more spectacular thing happened. Most of the 2nd classes that stayed at level 99 were growing into 3rd classes!

It seemed that the battle with this beast was an absurd record in and of itself. Of course, Yu IlHan was also feeling that very painfully……

“Ooh, oooh! Power. Power is overflowing!”

“I! shall build a new history for the empire!”

“I will kill that and become a hero!”

Their overflowing passions were too hot! Although, the demon beast’s flames were even hotter!

“The beast went crazy!”

“Do not approach that black blood that’s flowing from its body! It’s an extremely toxic poison!”

Well, the decrease of the knights didn’t stop and now there were around a thousand left. Among them, many were trying to hold out so that the pillars won’t get pulled out, but after seeing that their allies were gaining power in front of their eyes, their eyes flipped and they started rampaging.

“EvvT THIO!”

“I WILL SHOW YOU THE POWER OF A MAN, AND THE WILL OF THE EMPIRE!”

The number of knights that courageously charged forward to the beast clad in black flames with the weapons that Yu IlHan had given out before the fight, like single-time use pile bunkers, and throwing hammers using the Giant’s Rubber band, had increased!

At this moment, those maggots were moving under one heart in the face of that monstrous beast with over level 260! Even though he didn’t intend for such things to happen!

“Uoooh!”

“Die!!!!!”

Although the attack power of the knights were insignificant, when their power combined with the weapons that Yu IlHan had created, they couldn’t be ignored. Moreover, there were over ten knights who were striking giant dragon bone ammo into its body at the same time!

[Kyahoooh!]

The beast finally turned its eyes away from Yu IlHan and spat out flames in rage. The extremely toxic flames that seemed like it was from hell split into tens of strands of whips and struck on the ground, and the poison and the curse covered the knights.

Tens of knights were forced to retire early in the face of that simple attack.

“Good, you guys are doing very well!”

However, it became relatively easy for Yu IlHan to move around since the knights were more proactive in annoying the demon beast.

Yu IlHan moved around diligently to not miss this opportunity as he struck several bone spears over its body. Using remote collection, direct throwing, and if he was lucky enough to gain an opportunity, he even charged closely and struck it directly!

[Kugyagagagagagak!]

However, just at the moment when the demon beast was about to become a hedgehog due to the hundreds of bone spears, it seemed to be annoyed now with the indiscriminate attacks from all directions, as it tried to leap upwards by kicking off the ground while emitting vicious flames in all directions!

The harpoons and the pillars connected with the ropes seemed to make inconspicuous sounds in resistance before shooting into the air with the knights that held on to them

“Uaaah!”

“Uguoooh!”

That scene was truly spectacular. The target that all humans here put all their power into restricting, had freed itself using its overpowered strength!

[Gwaaang!]

The flame that appeared the moment it exerted power wiped out many knights again, and the knights that flew up into the air in its rampage also became unable to battle after falling down.

[Kuaoooh! Hkyaaah!]

Meanwhile, the demon beast roared in lunacy and started to run in a straight line. Since it had spat out a lot of mana and blood, with spears and harpoons all over its body, it wouldn’t be in a normal state.

It had long since lost its reason, and was heading to the imperial capital instinctively since there was the most number of lives there.

“I can’t let you do that.”

Yu IlHan followed closely and struck another spear into its body, but it no longer cared about Yu IlHan either. No, with its reason completely gone, it couldn’t even catch his presence.

In other words, it now became possible for him to go into concealment against it.

“Then.”

Yu IlHan had a look at the dense number of dragon bone spears, bone harpoons, bone arrows, and bone ammos. In terms of quantity, it would be well over a thousand. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that one or two dragons had latched onto it.

Then, with this, the preparations were enough.

He took out a new weapon from his inventory. The weapon that he had poured blood and sweat into inside the barrier along with the whip. Its name was grand as well.

[Destruction-calling Giant’s Resonance Thunderhammer]

[Rank – Legend]

[Attack Power – 6,800]

[Durability 8,500/8,500]

[User restrictions – Dragon Slayer]

[Options –

1. 60% increase in critical hit rate, critical attack power.

2. Is possible to expand in size by a maximum of ten times. Power rises accordingly.

3. Resonates with items made of the same materials as the hammer according to the user’s will]

[A weapon of the creator of myths. The weapon will evolve according to the records it gains with the owner.]

The hammer didn’t have such magnificent options like the whip. However, not only was the attack power higher by about 600, the properties of all three options were focused into one area, which was the speciality against a single big enemy!

What Yu IlHan liked the most was the gamma option, ‘resonance’. He didn’t know how such an absurd option popped out. But such a result came about when he let the magic stone do whatever it wanted in the mana crafting process. The net of the sleeper caught several fish.

Resonates with the items made from the same materials as the hammer. What meaning is there in that? Perhaps that was the first thought that comes to mind.

However,

Yu IlHan raised his hammer and expanded its size by 10 times. Then, he called out an Aegis shield and leaped + re-leaped as much as he could, to catch up to the demon beast that was charging forward.

There was nothing to hesitate about now. He pulled the power of Superhuman strength into the maximum, pulled Blaze over the end of the hammer, and exerted as much weight of his inventory as he could control, and struck down towards its head with all his power!

[Critical Hit!]

[The skill, Blaze, has become level 19. The power of the flames become stronger.]

[K, kgyaaak!]

The moment Yu IlHan’s attack burst in power, the demon beast rolled on the ground with a horrible scream. Did Yu IlHan’s attack hurt so much? Well, yes because, despite Yu IlHan’s low stats, he had a legend ranked weapon that dealt a critical hit.

However, the real reason was not that. That, was very clearly seen from the beast in pain due to the red flames covering its ‘whole’ body.

[yahak! Kyaahaaah!]

The reason it was in pain, was because all the bone spears, and bone harpoons and bone ammos and bone arrows made of ‘dragon bones’, the same material that made up the hammer, had caused a resonance with the hammer and vibrated along with an enormous trauma while spitting out Blazing pillars!



Chapter 137

The ‘resonance’ option on the hammer wasn’t limited to just resonant vibrations. Strictly speaking, it was closer to a ‘state transfer’. Freezing the hammer will end in the resonant items freezing, coating it in flames it would result in the same for the resonant items, almost a complete transfer of conditions, it was that kind of resonance.

[Khaaak! Kgggagaga!]

As such, the arrows and spears deeply embedded in the monster’s body spontaneously covered themselves with Blaze the moment he struck the monster while activating Blaze.

[Kauohoaaah!]

The beast rolled on the ground while screaming in pain.

Well, Ilhan and the knights had suffered a fair bit in order to strike so many dragon bones into its body, so if it didn’t roll on the ground after all that, then that would have been a waste of effort. Now was the time to receive compensation for their hard work!

“Hup!”

Yu IlHan nodded in satisfaction as he stepped off Aegis again into the air. Leap, re-leap, re-leap, re-leap! As if inputting commands in a game, he activated the skill without the slightest bit of error and broke through to terminal velocity in mere moments.

“Uoooh!”

By adding the weight of the inventory into the hammer slightly, he put a slight spin into his charge.

It would be him who was struck into the ground if he had calculated the angle wrongly, but Ilhan had no hesitation. The result was a clean success! With the speed of the charge still remaining, his body started spinning around in the air.

“Die already!”

It ended up as a powerful range finisher full of openings! However, the demon beast was still rolling on the ground in pain, and it was in no position to take advantage of the openings. Yu IlHan’s spinning hammer struck onto its back!

[Critical Hit!]

[The skill, Critical Hit, has become level 53.]

[Kyaoooaaagagagak!]

The hammer weighed hundreds of tons due to the weight transfer, adding the speed and spin on top of that! The demon beast lost its consciousness due to Yu IlHan’s finisher attack.

A demon beast of over level 260, fainted, due to a strike from a human less than level 150!

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan was scared stiff since the black flames were still burning despite the fact that the demon beast had lost its consciousness, but he clenched his teeth and stood tall despite the DoT(damage over time) that the flames inflicted.

His high fire attribute resistance was made for these kind of moments. Wouldn’t he have to deal as much as damage while it was still in a defenseless state? If he shrunk back from these flames, he’d lose such a good opportunity.

“Fuuu……”

Sighing shortly, he raised the hammer in his hand up high.

“Uaaah!”

Then, with a very pure shout, he started striking down onto its body like a madman!

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Kyaaak!]

The demon beast woke up instantly and screamed horribly, trying to raise its body, before falling back down again due to the vibrations and Blaze from the spears and arrows all over its body.

When its massive body trembled endlessly, the lands shook, and it started raining from the skies as well. The black flames that did not die down from torrential rain, started dying out and Blaze, which only appeared on the moment of Yu IlHan’s strike, remained burning. This showed the superior force between the two.

The scene of an apocalyptic beast tens of meters tall, falling down in front of human, was very emotional, but at the same time, very frightening.

The knights, who didn’t run away due to being drunk in the atmosphere, also witnessed that scene and shook.

[Kyahaaak!]

“Uoooh!”

They were met with Yu IlHan’s shout, the monster’s scream, and the shaking lands. And only after they were hit with the rain from the skies did they regain their cool and reason.

Rebuilding the empire? A new legend? Even if such things existed, they realized that they wouldn’t have the chance to do any such things after looking at Yu IlHan. There was only one legendary hero that shined brightly, which was Yu IlHan alone. They wouldn’t even be considered as side mobs.

They were dragged in the name of the empire for all their life, and now, they would sink into the abyss along with the empire that met its downfall due to a critical mistake.

They tried to fight against that man? Be his equal? There was a limit to misunderstanding. They were in a completely different league than Yu IlHan, who was pioneering an impossible path alone.

That fact was too agonizing and some knights ended up crying. They had been foolish. However, they will not be given an opportunity to set themselves straight. That, was the price for their foolishness.

“Huoooh!”

[Kihik! Khaaa!]

How long did it pass since Yu IlHan started striking down the hammer while not falling back due to the black flames? The monster screamed as it neared its death. Even the monster, which had an explosive amount of lifeforce like its gigantic body, was slowly nearing its limits.

The demon beast, who realized that fact, thought that it will never die like this, and also thought that it had to deal a strike against that damned human.

It desperately gathered mana. The mana that it had accumulated over thousands of years. Although the majority of it had been consumed during battle, there was still enough to blow a small city into bits, and it had gathered that amount of mana into a single point!

As the demon beast had overwhelmingly superior ability than Yu IlHan in regards to handling mana, even Yu IlHan couldn’t notice that. Until it gathered right beneath its skin.

“Kuhk!?”

[Kuaaahk!]

It was too late by the time he noticed. No matter how fast Yu IlHan’s reflexes were, he couldn’t leap amidst of striking down with the hammer. His balance would tilt, and he would end up worse than blocking that attack.

“eeek!”

As such, Yu IlHan protected his body with Aegis, and struck down with his hammer with all his might. No matter how strong the wave of mana that assaulted him, he would be able to destroy everything with that strike! This was the first, and last, frontal exchange between the demon beast and Yu IlHan.

Booom!

Its mana exploded. The hammer with all the remaining mana of Yu IlHan, also spat out Blaze and struck it back.

While the two flames emitted brilliant light, Blaze from the dragon bones all over its body slipped in into its body and weakened its strength.

That was a strangely good timing. Just as the concentrated mana was about to disperse due to the emergency signals from its body, the fire of Blaze overwhelmed the mana and poured down!

[Kuuk, Kuuaaagh!]

At that moment, something he had experienced before, had happened. The black flames that were snapped in flow by Yu IlHan, was absorbed into the red flames from Yu IlHan’s hammer, and flowed back into its body!

[You have achieved another one of the requirements to acquire the active skill, Counter. It is possible to acquire Counter if you fulfill two more requirements.]

As he was focusing all of his mana, muscle power, and nerves into attack, he did not read the message properly. However, he did know that he had taken another step forward.

Against a monster that had lived several times longer than him, despite with a cheat known as ‘dragon bone resonance’, he had won against it in a mana vs mana battle! His joy right now was inexplicable in words.

[Kihik, Kihiiih!]

The demon beast that was just freed after living all its life contract-bound to the empire, realized that its life was nearing the end, and cried in a deep anguish.

However, Yu IlHan did not stop. Yu IlHan, who was exhausted after that exchange, just let go of the hammer and transferred all of the weight of his inventory into the hammer.

The dragon bones stuck all over its body, pressured the demon beast’s body with overwhelming weight!

[Kahak!]

The demon beast screamed with all of its remaining power.

That became its last ‘words’.

[You have earned 327,185,406,392 experience.]

[You have become level 144. 4 Strength, 3 Agility, 3 Health, 5 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 267 Volcanic Demon Beast.]

[You have earned the title ‘Hero of Fire’. Fire attribute resistance and fire attribute attack increases by 40%.]

[The skill, Blaze, has become level 24. You can now imbue Blaze into several different weapons at once.]

The battle ended. Yu IlHan, who levelled up 3 times at once due to the overwhelming difference in experience points, in fact, a whole digit difference from Elbani, felt his ragged body regenerating and stood there silently.

In fact, he didn’t have any strength left to even twitch his pinky finger, have poured every last bit of his power into that hammer strike. He only laughed emptily.

The power of the demon beast he felt at the last moment, was really frightening. He would have dodged if there was the slightest chance of evading, but he couldn’t. All he could do was to place his faith into the final hammer strike, and ended up dishing out a stronger attack than ever before. It was rather funny, wasn’t it.

“Fuuu…….”

When his body regained a little strength, Yu IlHan put the still-steaming hammer into his inventory and raised his head to look at the sky.

Rain poured down endlessly from the murky skies, as if to bless the Hero of Fire that was born from subduing insurmountable fire with flames of a different league altogether.

Yu IlHan threw away the stuffy helmet, and let the raindrops fall onto his skin. His sweaty face was now drenched in rain, but he felt better than before.

“Good.”

Muttering as if resolving to himself, Yu IlHan turned his head around to look at the surroundings. There, were knights looking up to him absent mindedly, with their faces covered in a liquid that was difficult to distinguish from tears or the rain.

It wouldn’t be surprising even if any of them ran away, but it was surprising for Yu IlHan that none of them did.

“P…….. please.”

Someone, opened his mouth to speak.

“Even if you kill us…… please let the citizens of the capital, go……”

The knight threw himself onto his knees after finishing his words. Even though that knight was not the leader of the group, all of the rest knelt down one after the other.

Yu IlHan momentarily lost focus. Are these guys acting? Because they want to live? Are they pretending to be some enlightened monks?

It seemed it wasn’t. He couldn’t believe it, but it seemed that they were being honest.

“Hah.”

Yu IlHan sighed, before continuing.

“I should have said from the beginning. The citizens of the capital habour no sin.”

“Aah.”

“Thank you. Thank you.”

These guys were funny from beginning to end. The guys that skinned the people of Earth just on orders, rampaged around against a massive beast when their life was in danger, and now what, they gained insight into the dao or something? They want to throw away everything and be at peace?

Disgusting. He felt too disgusted. He couldn’t forgive them.

“Who protects the capital if you guys die? The soldiers with no 2nd class amongst them?”

“……Sorry?”

The knights all raised their heads. Yu IlHan had a look at each one of the knights that numbered less than a thousand, before speaking again.

“You cannot be free. Since you press the wrong button in the beginning, shouldn’t you be walking the same path until the very end? I will give you the most cruel punishment. You will be envious of the ones that died!”

The knights became dumbfounded at Yu IlHan’s merciless words, and stayed still without being able to reply, when Yu IlHan declared as if it was the truth.

“Your world shall meet the 3rd Great Cataclysm not long from now. Since the majority of the powers from the great empire have perished, you will not be able to win against anyone in the Battle of Competition, and it will become really hard to endure in the future.”

His words were all correct. If they didn’t have any greed for the possibilities that Earth offered, they would at least be able to resist by gathering power, but the entire empire had met its downfall due to a single pancosmic loner.

As such.

“You shall struggle while looking at a scene where Ferata meets its end due to the karma of your empire. You shall suffer in order to protect the innocent citizens. You shall regret and despair. Do not even think about running away.”

While the knights knelt their stiff, while not realizing what he had said, Yu IlHan collected the demon beast’s corpse and disappeared.

It took a little more time for the knights to realized that they had survived.

Of course, Yu IlHan was running towards the imperial castle, while in concealment.

“I want to go back quickly.”

He was too exhausted whether physically, or mentally. He wanted to sleep in a soft bed while forgetting everything. Should he hug Mir as he sleeps? That would be the best.

He returned to the imperial castle much quicker than he had left it. The rain that poured onto the burnt remains of the castle had put out the fire. The grand castle which laid destroyed and drenched in rain was quite the disappointment.

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan went to the gate he had come here with. He felt Liera there, and seeing how he couldn’t feel any other presences of angels, it seemed that she had finished punishing the traitor.

Of course, he did think that it wouldn’t be that guy alone, but finding the rest of the traitors was not his job.

However, just as he arrived at the place, Liera met him with a crying face.

[IlHaaan!] (Liera)

“Wh, what is it? Are you hurt!?”

[No, not me. It’s not me…….] (Liera)

Said Liera while bawling. Yu IlHan’s heart fell, thinking that something had really happened. But the gate looks fine though? It’s activated so they could go back at any time, so just what……!

[Mir went to an Abandoned World in order to rescue Kang MiRae! And that gate closed! What should we do??!!!] (Liera)

“……Sorry?”

Mir? Rescuing Kang MiRae? Went over?

[With Erta, Ericia, Flemir, and all the elves! They all followed Mir!]

Yu IlHan’s thoughts stopped.

Huh? That doesn’t work.

“WHUAT!?”

This was the moment Yu IlHan was shocked beyond reason, apart from his dropout on Earth!



Chapter 138

Yu IlHan and Liera hurriedly left the gate and returned to Earth. Spiera was waiting in front of the underwater dungeon gate.

[You should’ve heard from Erta, correct?] (Spiera)

[I’m like this because I heard it. Let’s hurry!] (Liera)

[Although it’s frustrating. There’s nothing we can do about it even if we hurry.] (Spiera)

It seems Spiera was coping with the situation more rationally than Liera due to the difference in experience. Although, her fists were clenched tight, showing that what was going on in her heart didn’t differ much from Liera!

[The gate has completely closed. There’s no method for the Heaven’s Army to contact that place as it is an Abandoned World. Now that think about it, there was a different intention behind the Destruction Demon Army’s and Army of Brilliant Light’s actions.] (Spiera)

[The reason they joined hands? That was in order kidnap our Mir!? Is it because he’s cute? I knew it was because he was too cute!] (Liera)

Liera shouted in a fit of rage. Yu IlHan smacked her on the head to calm her down.

“I heard that Mir entered in order to save Miss MiRae. If so, their objective should not have been him but her.”

[To be exact, it’s Na YuNa, who’s in the same clan as her. The woman who received the blessing of the Goddess of Beauty.] (Spiera)

[Oh, that woman, I see…….] (Liera)

Liera’s eyes narrowed. Looking at that, Yu IlHan asked.

“What, you expected that to happen?”

[Um, yeah. I did think that she might become a target some day.] (Liera)

Liera shrugged as she spoke.

[And by everyone except Heaven’s Army.] (Liera)

“What, does that woman have the power to destroy a world or something?”

[No, that’s not it. She received the blessing of the Goddess of beauty. That is enough of a reason for them to target her. It’s also the reason why Feyta stuck to her quite early on as well.] (Liera)

[Yes. If there’s anyone to aim for on Earth, it would’ve been that woman.] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan silently looked at the two angels and requested for more explanation. Perhaps due to having accepted the fact that they couldn’t rescue Mir, Liera explained with a sigh.

[……She’s the woman who was blessed by the Goddess of Beauty. To add on, the head of the Army of Brilliant Light, Destruction Demon Army, and the Garden of Sunset, are all male.] (Liera)

“But, huh?”

He understood the situation to a certain point after hearing that, but he didn’t want to understand precisely because of that, when Liera declared.

[She would become even prettier once she becomes a higher existence, right? Perhaps she’d become unprecedentedly beautiful across all worlds. Although it’s annoying and frustrating, she’d probably become prettier than me.] (Liera)

[She’ll definitely become prettier than you, Liera. No, perhaps if it’s you, who received a not-inferior blessing……] (Spiera)

[Waaah! Shut up! Shut uuup!] (Liera)

“So these guys are trying to……”

While the angels fought due to reasons unknown to Yu IlHan, he knocked on the door of truth with an empty voice.

“…..raise her up and eat her?”

[Uh, yeah….. Something like that.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan felt despair.

“Dammit, that’s the lowest-level problem I could think of in my head, I’m really surprised!”

[We also thought that it may become like that, but never did we think it would actually happen.] (Liera)

[I’m sorry, Yu IlHan. I’m sorry for making you listen to a story with a C rate plot……] (Spiera)

He couldn’t help but be annoyed after knowing that the head of the transcender groups put on a show just to kidnap a single woman when he had just saved Earth from crisis. And Mir was caught up in this too!

[We do not know how things played out for her to be in danger of being kidnapped. Even if we do find out, there’s nothing much we can do.] (Spiera)

Was it just him that felt Spiera’s words were too cold? Perhaps that was how angels fundamentally viewed humans. Yu IlHan was thinking that when Liera shouted.

[What’s more important than that is Mir! I’ll see to Erta if she doesn’t bring back Mir safely!] (Liera)

[The world Erta headed to is an Abandoned World. We have to worry about her safety as well.] (Spiera)

Worry began to cloud Ilhan’s heart.

Didn’t he know about Abandoned Worlds well? Leaving aside Kiroa, where the wolfkin lived, what if that world had a force that equalled to half, no, a quarter of Dareu? Moreover, they wouldn’t be able to escape easily if this was the joint scheme of Destruction Demon Army and Army of Brilliant Light!

“I think I should head to the scene first. I need to get information from the people there!”

[Yu IlHan, I understand your worries. However, there’s something we must do before that.] (Spiera)

What Spiera pointed to was the gate that Liera and Yu IlHan just exited from. The black vortex that still connected Ferata with Earth, was emitting ominous light under the water.

“Yeah, we need to destroy that.”

Since he had destroyed the very foundations of the empire, he would never have to meet Ferateans again once he destroyed the gate. Perhaps he’d meet them again in the Battle of Competition, but since their schemes had failed, he only needed to crush them again.

The gate dissipated soon with the combined attack from Yu IlHan, Liera, and Spiera. The three of them, who had now completely dissolved the crisis, rushed out from the atlantic and headed to New York.

[It’s there! It looks like quite the mess at a glance!]

While quickly skipping past the unknown streets of New York, Liera shouted while pointing with her hand. When Yu IlHan followed her hand, he could really see tens of skyscrapers collapsed like a domino.

[I can see humans as well. Well, it’s not like they can rest easy just because the gate had closed…… huh?] (Spiera)

Spiera tilted her head. Yu IlHan also realized the reason a little after her. The gate shrunk into a single large ashen-colored spherical ball. There was a group of monsters that were facing against the humans.

It was none other than the wolfkin under Ericia. Since Ericia entered the gate after Mir, it was no wonder that the wolfkin were protecting that place.

“There we go.”

Yu IlHan landed on that place that was a battlefield not long before, without hesitation. When he showed himself after dispelling his concealment, the people that protected that place shrunk to the side.

“He’s here.”

“It really is him. Sheesh, he shows up as suddenly as ever.”

“Just what was he doing until now?”

“Quiet, he might know something. Perhaps he might do something about this situation.”

Without caring what the people were whispering about, he headed towards the wolfkin. The strongest wolf in that place left the group and approached Yu IlHan, before turning into humanoid. This guy had received the blessing of the moon.

“I greet Yu IlHan-nim. I’m Layutinu.”

“Ah, yeah.”

The wolfkin greeted formally. Yu IlHan nodded and went straight to topic.

“So, tell me how they entered the gate like sausages.”

“Fuu.”

Hearing Yu IlHan’s words, Layutinu started off by sighing. Perhaps it was just him, but it seemed that all the wolves were sighing as well. The sighs were filled with rage.

The story that started off like that was quite short and spectacular.

The battle against the Abandoned World was advantageous for the humans side from the very beginning.

The elite thousand wolves with the 4th class Flemir in the head, and the elves clad in legend ranked equipments, and a genius in magic and concealment despite being 2nd class, Mir, all became a great help, but above all, the install-style weapons that Yu IlHan had given Kang MiRae through Erta, had all shined.

The Front Line Alliance, with Lightning God clan as the center, synchronized their rhythms, and lead the flow of battle, while the 3rd class monsters that poured out from the Abandoned World were wiped out one after the other, and the morale of the human side broke through the max. They overwhelmed the battle with almost no casualties at all.

It didn’t take long for the monster forces to become even more insane. It was probably because there was a traitor among the angels on this side, that told the other side about the situation. It seemed that the rush became insane as if all the strongest monsters from that worlds was gathered and pushed through the gate.

The humans first panicked due to the sudden increase in monster forces, but they still resisted calmly. At this point, Yu IlHan’s install-style weapons showed their true might. All weapons including ballistas and harpoons, had an emergency self-destruction function!

[IlHan, why do you start off by making everything explode once it’s an emergency?] (Liera)

“Layutinu, continue.”

Explosions everywhere and mass extinction of monsters! Ericia formed the group of wolves like a spear, and charged whenever the monsters looked weaker. This was only possible for Ericia, who held ultimate control over the wolves.

Thanks to the humans knowing that they were Yu IlHan’s underlings, and cooperating with them, they could somehow resist against a super wave of over 50 thousand 3rd class monsters alone.

“They held out against 50 thousand 3rd classes? The humans did grow up quite quick.”

“They would have failed if not for the control of Ericia-nim and Flemir’s powers. Oh, Yu IlHan-nim’s weapons included.”

However, it was true that the human side’s forces did rise quite fast. Yu IlHan felt the effect of himself and Vanguard on Earth anew. However, it was then the wolf sighed.

“At that moment, Yumir-nim cast magic.”

“Huh? Why does Mir appear here?”

“The reason behind the massive monster wave was not to wipe out the humans, but to cause chaos. What they tried to do in that chaos, was to kidnap Na YuNa.”

A 4th class monster that trained in concealment to the extreme, tried to kidnap Na YuNa. However, Yumir, who saw through the concealment before it had succeeded, had cast magic to prevent it, and when its figure appeared, Kang MiRae, who was fighting nearby, had realized its presence instantly and charged towards it.

The problem started here.

The 4th class monster failed in kidnapping Na YuNa due to Yumir. However, at that point, Na YuNa and Kang MiRae were already being swayed by the monsters. They ended up falling into the gate.

However, Yumir grabbed onto Kang MiRae’s sleeves and entered with her before anyone could say anything, and Ericia, who noticed that, told that to everyone. A few of the super elite wolves, including Flemir, threw their bodies into the gate, and the elves followed in. Erta, who noticed that a little after, also rushed into the gate.

“Erta-nim’s last words were ‘Tch, I can’t help it’.”

[That sounds as if Erta died!] (Liera)

Screamed Liera, but currently, she was hiding her presence against lower existences other than Yu IlHan. There was no way the wolf would hear her.

[So Erta’s fault was big for not seeing to Mir properly.] (Spiera)

[And so? What about the gate? Why did it close?] (Liera)

When Yu IlHan asked about that, the wolf gritted its teeth while it spoke.

“I’m sure that their target was Na YuNa from the beginning. After they were swept into the gate, the gate suddenly started decreasing in size. The allied angels panicked and gathered towards the gate, but the situation was already out of their hands. One of them said it was as if the world was completely closing itself.

[The world is completely closing itself? Like the Earth before the Great Cataclysm? How is that even possible?] (Liera)

Asked Liera. However, who would know the answer to something that even she, a 6th class, doesn’t know the answer to? The group fell silent, and Yu IlHan sighed while muttering.

“Dammit. Angels are of no help after all……”

[Oh yeah, what about Feyta? What happened to her?] (Liera)

[Didn’t I say it? She was the traitor. Although I do not know whether she was one from the beginning or she had turned into one mid way, it seemed Erta had killed her.] (Spiera)

[Aha, I knew she was useless!] (Liera)

“Angels are of no help after all!”

That was the end of the explanation. Even while panicking, the humans first hunted all of the monsters that were freed on Earth, and Yu IlHan had arrived when that had ended.

“This is driving me insane.”

Although he did think that it would become slightly dangerous, never did he think that Yumir, who was so strong, would enter an Abandoned World on his own accord. Although Yu IlHan himself had also done it, he knew how dangerous it was precisely because he had.

He felt thankful for Ericia. It was thanks to her that Yumir’s reinforcements went over. If it wasn’t for her, Yu IlHan would have been more worried right now. Well, he was plenty worried right now too.

And Erta, he couldn’t forgive her. She would pay for it once she comes back. And as such, he wished for her to safely come back.

Yu IlHan absent mindedly looked at the ashen colored ball of magic power that remained in place of the gate, and spoke.

“Liera, please do something.”

[I can’t do anything.] (Liera)

“If you can open the gate, I’ll do everything I can.”

[……Okay, I’ll try. But please keep your promise.] (Liera)

Liera gulped and took out a spear from her embrace. Spiera calmed her down by chopping on her head with her hand.

[There’s nothing you can do. You will only drain strength.] (Spiera)

[But IlHan said!] (Liera)

[It is impossible. If there is any possibilities, it is exiting from inside that world.] (Spiera)

Exiting from inside that world? In a world where both the Destruction Demon Army and the Army of Brilliant Light, are influencing? Mir, by himself? Yu IlHan smiled bitterly.

A sense of powerlessness assaulted his body. He had just cleaned up Ferata, but now it came to this…

He shouldn’t have sent them after all. If he made them wait for him in the house, then this wouldn’t have happened. It was Yu IlHan’s fault for sending them to such a dangerous place. He had misjudged the risks.

And when he came to that conclusion, his mentality that held out well even in Ferata, had cracked. Although Yu IlHan could become stronger endlessly against crisis and danger unto himself, thinking about how he lost his important ones due to his misjudgement, the force had instantly broke through the limits of his spirit.

His mouth automatically muttered powerless words.

“Whoa… this doesn’t make sense…….”

Spiera and Liera barely held him from collapsing on the spot. This would be fine at his house, but right now, the clan masters of various clans were looking at him. There would be nothing good by showing his weak side.

[IlHan, let’s make the wolves wait here, and have some sleep at home. I’m also very worried about Mir, but I’m worried about you even more. You really pushed yourself today, didn’t you? So let’s rest first. Let’s think about it after that, okay?] (Liera)

[That is right, Yu IlHan. I’ll watch over this place, so go rest with Liera.] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan barely held on. Looking around, everyone was looking at him. The situation looked very messy. The war had ended prematurely. And they were all waiting for the one to end it all.

“This place will be guarded by the wolves.”

Yu IlHan spoke in a powerless voice.

“Even if the gate opens again, I’ll guard this place myself. So, the battle had ended. Please go home. Prepare for the 2nd Great Cataclysm.”

The people all sighed. Even though Yu IlHan was no ruler above them, they all believed in Yu IlHan’s words. Like this, the short, but violent battle, had ended and the people of Earth that protected Earth, dispersed after paying their respects to others.

Even Michael Smithson of Metal Knights obediently lead his clan back home, and Yu IlHan was quite emotional to see that he was worried about Kang MiRae even on his way back. It was perhaps more correct to say that he had felt a sense of sympathy, since they were in the same situation.

[Yu IlHan, rest well. Leave the rest to me, and these weak wolves.] (Spiera)

“Do you want me to leave it to you or not?”

Yu IlHan laughed at Spiera’s words, and whispered to Layutinu to take care of this place. Layutinu seriously nodded and returned to wolf form.

That was the last. Yu IlHan headed back to Korea with Liera’s hand in his, and he took care of his equipment and washed himself, before falling asleep.

However, the moment he completely fell asleep, greentext started explosively appearing on his retina as it had waited for him to sleep.

[Yumir has become level 100. Yumir evolves into Immature Bl****d dragon.]

[The power of Dragon-man resonance becomes stronger due to the contractor, Yumir’s, growth, and it becomes possible to activate Dragonic Blood!]

[The skill, Rule, has become level 23 due to growth of subordinates!]

[The skill, Rule, has become level 25 due to growth of subordinates!]

[The skill, Rule, has become level 28 due to growth of subordinates!]

That, was an array of miracles that can never happen continuously, but unfortunately, Yu IlHan was asleep, and could not see those messages.

However, fortunately for him, this storm of records was merely the beginning of true growth. Although, only Yumir and co. knew what was happening in that Abandoned World!



Chapter 139

When Kang MiRae opened her eyes again, she was in an Abandoned World.

“Hi, kind noona!”

In front of her eyes was a young child that had an adorable outlook, he looked rather familiar. Mir was looking at her with his two round eyes, when Kang MiRae came to herself, she recognized him and greeted him.

“Hello, Mir.”

Yumir, the monster that Yu IlHan raises, and probably cherishes too much. And also, the one that looked like Ilhan too much. However, when she looked at him for a long time, he spoke while turning his head around as if embarrassed.

“I think that noona is gonna die soon.”

“Ugu, hagu, hugu…….!”

“Huh? Ah!”

Kang MiRae finally realized that she was embracing Na YuNa tightly. She had dragged her towards herself due to the fear of getting separated while being transported through the gate, but it seemed that she had lost her consciousness on her way here.

And that was probably also why Na YuNa was suffering too, because she was grabbing onto her too tightly.

“Sorry.”

“Cough, cough cough……..”

When Kang MiRae let go, Na YuNa coughed as she beat her ample chest. Kang MiRae felt a little angry at her blatant show of femininity, but Yumir looked at Na YuNa’s chest area as if curious. That figure was so cute that she felt better.

“Na YuNa, are you alright?”

“My heart wavered thanks to MiRae’s violent cuddle. I even thought that it would be fine to die like that!”

“Shut up.”

Kang MiRae pushed Na YuNa aside and looked at the surroundings. Surprisingly, it was a forest with a dense amount of trees.

“You should have realized it the moment ape like monsters came out of the gate.”

“Don’t read my thoughts.”

There were no monsters in the surroundings. No, to be exact, there were no enemy monsters around. Including allies, there were: Mir, four wolves that were watching the perimeter, and four ‘people’ who were clearly armed with Yu IlHan-made equipment.

“How did it become like this?”

[Mir hid everyone with his concealment and brought you here. It really is an absurd talent.] (Erta)

Oh, and one more. There was a mini-sized angel that looked to be around 15 cm tall at most. It was Erta, the delivery girl that came to her on Yu IlHan’s request.

Na YuNa, who also found her, asked curiously.

“Angel-niiim, do you know where Feyta iiis?”

[I know very well. I killed her.] (Erta)

Answered Erta in kind.

[That bitch was the traitor in Heaven’s Army that sucked up to the Army of Brilliant Light. The reason you were kidnapped was also due to that bitch’s help, but you were done in like a fool without knowing a thing, weren’t you?] (Erta)

“Yes!”

Replied Na YuNa in liveliness before becoming somewhat dejected.

“I thought she was a kind kid……”

“I was instead worried that you trusted that angel too easily.”

Unlike her naive and air-headed appearance, Na YuNa didn’t trust in others that easily. Due to her innate beauty, she had met with blatant greed and lust from her childhood. If it wasn’t for her family, she wouldn’t have been able to grow up while remaining purely.

However, she had believed in Feyta. Despite it being Kang MiRae, who knew her better than anyone else, she found it hard to believe.

“But she’s an angel.”

Was Na YuNa’s answer. Kang MiRae sighed, and Erta smiled bitterly.

[I apologize for not being able to provide you with unconditional trust. Humans are supposed to trust in the angels, and angels are suppose to deliver on the trust…… this is the natural relationship, but from some time ago, it’s been going wrong.] (Erta)

Na YuNa looked towards Erta before whispering to Kang MiRae with a worried tone.

“Can I believe in this angel-nim?”

“You can.”

Kang MiRae said in a confident voice.

“This angel is sent by IlHa…… Mr. Yu IlHan.”

“MiRae……?”

Na YuNa looked at Kang MiRae with inexplicable eyes, and Kang MiRae blushed a little and avoided her gaze. Erta thought that they got along nicely while watching the two.

[If you came to yourself, then let’s move. The gate has closed, and this world was isolated. You will not be able to go back to the worlds you were connected to. As such, we need to hold out until we can open the gate back to Earth.] (Erta)

“When can we do that?”

Kang MiRae asked while palming her forehead after confirming that she could indeed not move to the world she was connected to. Erta replied in a bright voice.

[There are two problems. First, it is that this world is completely isolated from other worlds, and secondly, it is extremely hard to open a path back to Earth even if it weren’t.] (Erta)

“I’ll do anything that I can do. What can we do in order to solve those problems?”

[We cannot do anything about the first problem with our power. If there is a definite fact, it is that this world will not stay like this forever. As such, we need to solve the second problem for the time being….the first problem will naturally resolve itself] (Erta)

Kang MiRae’s vision darkened due to those words. They had to wait an indefinite amount of time until this world was no longer isolated? A lot of things would have happened to Earth by then! Although Kang HaJin was left on the other side, it would be hard for him alone to endure in the changing Earth.

Moreover, if they couldn’t go back for so long, how could she, with that person…

“I think I know.”

Just as a certain person’s face was about to be drawn inside Kang MiRae’s head, The innate genius at magic, Yumir, shouted with his hand raised.

“Massacre!”

Kang MiRae became slightly afraid when hearing Yumir saying that with a bright smile. However, the four armed people that stayed silent until now, shouted in exclamation.

“As expected of the Imperial Prince.”

“Ah, I’m feeling reassured now. It’s as if I’m with His Majesty himself.”

“It’s us who need to protect the Imperial Prince. Do you wanna all die?”

It seemed that they were hired in order to protect Yumir. Although she didn’t know why they were treating Yu IlHan’s family like royalty….. Kang MiRae confirmed with Erta.

“So, what is the method?”

[Massacre. Mir got it right.] (Erta)

“Wow. Mir is so smart.”

“Eheheheh.”

“How!”

While Na YuNa and Yumir exchanged similar smiles, Kang MiRae, the only unconvinced one here, shouted from the bottom of her heart. Of course, Erta explained in kind.

[As this is an Abandoned World, the angels belonging to the Heaven’s Army cannot use their powers here. However, if we are given an enough number of magic stones, I can create a gate activation magic formation.] (Erta)

“And how many do you mean by ‘enough number of magic stones’?”

[Using level 130 3rd classes as the standard, around 100 thousand.] (Erta)

Really, it seemed that they needed to conduct a massacre on the scale of the entire world!

“Fuu….. Hap.”

Kang MiRae sighed due to the absurd scale of the magic, before coming to herself and tapping on her own cheeks. It was too early to despair. As long as they had the hope to go back to Earth, she couldn’t stay still.

Yumir was staring at her. Kang MiRae finally remembered that Yumir was grabbing on to her as she was swept into the gate. He, had followed her here in worry. Even though it was unknown whether they could go back or not.

Thinking back, if it wasn’t for him, she wouldn’t even have known the fact that they were trying to kidnap Na YuNa, and would have been defeated after they entered the gate. It was probably due to that reason that Na YuNa was also off guard against him.

“Mir, thank you.”

“Yeah.”

Yumir nodded. Then smiled nonchalantly. Even though the current situation was quite serious, Kang MIRae ended up smiling with him. She thought how good it would be if she had a little brother like him.

With a lightened heart, she opened her mouth.

“Mir, we can go back, right?”

“Yeah!”

Yumir nodded confidently and said this. Perhaps Kang MiRae would never forget these words in her lifetime.

“It’s much easier compared to what my dad did! So we can do it!”

And like that, a party comprised of: two humans, four wolves, one dragon, and one angel, started a worldwide hunt.

The first half a year was the hardest. As Yumir’s concealment was not yet perfect, they were sometimes found by monsters, and when they were, they had to desperately clean up those monsters and leave that place as soon as possible. That, repeated countless times within the first half a year.

As the entire world was their enemy, there was no place they could rest easy in. Battle was everyday life, and the longest rest they had amounted to 3 hours.

However, no one complained. All people other than Yumir had experienced their own hell to grow up, and as Yumir had the Resting skill from birth, his condition was the greatest among them all.

Battle continued endlessly. Fortunately, their job distributions were very balanced, and they could win against both a small force of elites, and a large amount of monsters.

Phiria, with her thief-class, took charge of scouting, and the four wolves with the 4th class Flemir at their head, and Mirey who wielded a shield and a greatsword, along with Jirl blocked the monsters at the front, and Pate, who wielded the bow, would control.

Kang MiRae would receive protection from them and clean the battlefield up with strong magic completed with a lot of time, and Na YuNa would strengthen everyone as the priestess.

The greatest fortune was that they had brought a spatial expansion bag from Kang MiRae’s clan. Inside it was full of mana potions which MiRae had acquired from negotiations and threats with numerous alchemy guilds in the world she went to. It wasn’t just ‘full’, it made one wonder if she stole their entire supply!

The group grew rapidly. Among them, Yumir achieved 3rd class the fastest among the 2nd class members, and grew up to look like an 11 year-old from a 7 year-old. The others blessed his growth with a complex mind comprising both happiness and sadness.

“It’s fine since he’s still cute. Although I’ll be a little sad if he grows anymore, it’s still fine since he’s cute.”

Everyone agreed with Na YuNa’s words. He wasn’t cute because he was young, he was cute because he was Yumir!

Although Yumir was still cute after the growth, his draconic side appeared more along with his class acquisition, and grew stronger. Especially, like his class name, his concealment skills and magic skills were enhanced, and it looked like he was catching up to Yu IlHan.

Erta was tearfully happy to see that, and was shocked to find out then, that she missed Yu IlHan quite dearly.

Ericia acquired her 3rd class after Yumir, and acquired a stronger blessing ability and the overall strength of the wolfkin rose, with the elves achieving 3rd class a little after her. Na YuNa and Kang MiRae also acquired their 3rd classes with no difficulty after some time.

That, took them half a year. There was no need for countless years of harsh training or whatnot. Just suffering in an environment with enemies everywhere would naturally make them into 3rd class beings!

The stronger they got, the stronger Yu IlHan’s equipment got, and some of them became sturdier and stronger even though they didn’t undergo any repairs. They grew along with the record of the user!

However, they couldn’t adapt easily in the Abandoned World just because they became 3rd classes.

The monsters under Destruction Demon Army went around in tens of thousands in order to kidnap Na YuNa, and the group had to undergo countless guerilla warfare until they could massacre such a group. When another group came as reinforcements, they almost despaired.

A hardcore life with 10 minutes of sleep was the basics. Yumir had to try his best in order to include all of his companions into his concealment, and his innate talent along with the harsh environment rapidly raised his concealment skill.

However, a miracle occurred at the point one and a half years passed.

[The skill, Concealment, has become level 90! You are now able to conceal yourself faster and more secretively.]

[You have earned the title, ‘Big and wide shadow’. The range of concealment applied to the allies become wider, and the effect rises as well. The effect rises if an ally has a concealment-class ability.]

Yumir’s new title reversed the situation. As his concealment developed in a way to cover both himself and his party members, he had acquired a title that enhanced such an ability, and that, made the group into attackers from escapees!

To describe Yumir and co after the title, it could be said that a group of inferior Yu IlHan version 2.0s were going around. The monsters had to shiver in fear of being assaulted at any time, and Yumir and co could leisurely conceal themselves after an all out attack.

Of course, it didn’t work so well against 4th class beings, but by that time, they could kill a 4th class being by combining their strength, so it wasn’t that big of a problem. This was excluding the 4th class Flemir!

In other words, Yumir’s party could now fight against two 4th class beings on equal footing.

Did this mean that all 4th class monsters went around in threes or more? Unfortunately, not all monsters were as clever as dragons.

There were less than 100 4th class beings in this world, and they had very large egos, and unlike the dragons, never grouped with other 4th classes. As such, they all vaporized into experience points for Yumir and co, one after the other.

After 2 years passed since their entry into this Abandoned World, their group brought disaster to this world.

Excluding Flemir and two third class wolves that came here, everyone’s level averaged out at 130, and the monsters wished for them to leave, but the group hunted monsters even more proactively.

The Destruction Demon Army and the Army of Brilliant Light beings residing in that world ended up completely giving up. The fact that higher existences couldn’t use their powers applied to them as well.

In the first place, they thought that it would be enough with 4th class monsters, but the presence of Yumir had made everything go wrong. Yes, everything was doomed, completely, and perfectly.

Now, they only wanted to return to their camps. They also couldn’t return because the world was closed. However, as the world was still tightly closed, they could only wait obediently, and in that meanwhile, Yumir and co caused chaos everywhere and were pulling out the roots of monsters from this Abandoned World.

When 9 months passed, the world finally exited its isolation and acquired a possibility to be connected to another world.

The Destruction Demon Army and the Army of Brilliant Light exited first, and Yumir’s group also succeeded in opening a magic formation to go back to Earth by consuming magic stones.

“What do we do, what if Korea already met its doom? Can we really adapt well?”

“What are you worried about when Mr. Yu IlHan is there? Moreover, not to mention Korea, there should be no one who levelled up as fast as us, nooo?”

“That’s true, but…..”

Kang MIRae couldn’t stay still now that they were actually returning, but Na YuNa calmed her down with her ever-relaxed attitude.

Other than that, Flemir and the elite wolves sighed in relief as they had managed to protected Ericia safely, while Ericia and the elves also sighed in relief that they had protected Yumir.

Erta was purely happy that she could go back to Earth and meet Yu IlHan, and Yumir was happy, thinking that he had caught up to his father a little.

“Let’s go see dad!”

“Yeah, let’s.”

Like how they first came to this Abandoned World, Yumir lead everyone.

The group jumped into the gate with chaotic minds including worry and joy, and returned to Earth.

Only 10 days had passed on Earth.



Chapter 140

[The skill, Rule, has become level 30 due to the growth of your subordinates.]

The moment Yu IlHan opened his eyes after sleeping nicely thanks to Liera’s embrace-and-lullaby combo, he saw the notification.

“Eh? What?”

Yu IlHan blinked twice or three times before realizing what situation he was in. Yumir and his subordinates were growing rather rapidly at this moment!

Hurriedly checking his own status, Yu IlHan found out it wasn’t only the Rule skill, but Dragon-man resonance and Dragonic blood that had also risen in level.

Mir was alive. And he was growing! Pretty quickly as well!

“I thought the world was closed off….. so it’s still in contact with the Akashic Record?”

If not, there was no way Yu IlHan’s own record would be updates just because of their growth. Thinking up to there, Yu IlHan hurriedly checked his Rule skill.

To be exact, he was checking the status of his subordinates through it, and that method came back as a nice success.

[Subordinates connected through Rule skill : Yumir, Mirey, Pate, Jirl, Phiria, Ericia]

“……Good, they’re all alive.”

A small sigh of relief. If they were all alive, he could probably say that the others were safe as well. Although he didn’t know when they could meet again, he was relieved that they were still alive.

‘Since the forces on that side should have been weakened due to the battle on Earth, they should be able to endure well. Definitely.’

Although he didn’t know that less than 10% came out of the gate, but for now, not knowing was better for him.

“I’m hungry now.”

Now that his worry for Yumir and co died down, a sense of hunger came with it.

Just as he was about to sit up from his bed while loathing his own body for being true to his desires, he found out that he couldn’t move due to Liera sticking to him.

[Uuuum. Ehi, Uhuhu.]

“Eeei, this failure of an angel.”

Yu IlHan freed himself from Liera’s arms and legs which were coiled around his chest and leg respectively, before rolling this embarrassing angel that had stuck to him in her sleep.

It seemed that she had clung to him for ages, as her scent seemed to linger on his body. He had to put in quite a lot of effort in order to calm down his red face.

No matter how close they were… sometimes, he didn’t know how Liera thought of him from her actions. Sighing lightly, he stood up and stretched himself.

“Well then.”

Let’s eat and cheer up. Was what he thought as he opened his inventory when…

[The skill, Rule, has become level 31 due to the growth of your subordinates.]

“……Eh?”

The skill rose just now, but it levelled up again? Just how many monsters were they facing? He blinked again in shock.

However, the skill growth didn’t end with just that. After he ate lunch, after he finished his smithing at night, even as he laid down to sleep! Just as he was about to forget, the skill level of Rule rose and never once failed to make Yu IlHan dumbfounded.

[Isn’t it possible if you think that they are killing 100 3rd class monsters in 1 second? You have 6 subordinates so 16 each per second….. Hm, it’s impossible if it’s not IlHan huh.] (Liera)

“It’s also impossible for me without the remote collection.”

Of course, not to mention remote collection, the ones that went to another world didn’t even have an inventory. Just what was happening to them? Of course, there was no way of knowing. He could only ask once they met up!

His everyday life without Yumir and the other subordinates made him think back to his dropout period. As there were no other angels than Liera, it reminded him even more of that period.

Was it due to that? He also felt that time was flowing faster as well.

[They are all in a mess talking about the 2nd Great Cataclysm.] (Liera)

“Vanguard’s popularity is rising as well.”

The day of the battle against the Abandoned World, Yu IlHan had mentioned the 2nd Great Cataclysm, and the effect was huge.

The people of Earth were scared stiff after knowing that this already chaotic Earth would become even more chaotic, as they wished to raise their power and sense of security by several notches. As such, they all wished to trade with Vanguard, whose weapons showed amazing might in both personal weapons and install-style weapons.

Of course, there were many people that wanted to surpass Vanguard. Many companies thought that they could surpass Vanguard by fusing Earthen weapon development techniques and the weapon crafting skills of the Akashic Record, but that matter wasn’t as easily done as said.

Leaving aside nuclear bombs and hydrogen bombs that easily killed numerous humans prior to killing monsters, chemical and biological weapons that showed enormous might in wars between human beings did not work against monsters at all.

Going over to firearms, pistols only worked against 1st classes, and heavy arms could barely defeat a 2nd class. And this was assuming that the monsters stood still and got their weak points struck.

There were many problems as well in regards to non-nuclear explosive warheads; small-scale warheads were useless, and bigger scale warheads caused human deaths as well. moreover, the monsters had a much higher resistance to all kinds of gunpowder.

Decisively, even missiles that flew at over mach 10 would be useless unless it exploded right in front of the monsters’ faces and the majority could avoid them so large scale weapons were mostly useless.

Since things came to there, mankind turned their eyes into new materials that Earth had acquired due to the Great Cataclysm, but there was no way creating new weapons with new materials, was easy.

If so, who on Earth was able to do all that? Yes, there was only Vanguard! As such, the more they failed, the higher Vanguard’s name rose.

[Vanguard makes weapons by extorting aliens]

Was how people joked around after the battle with the Abandoned World. As weapons that couldn’t be seen even in other worlds, not to mention Earth, were popping out one after the other, it was natural for such things to be said. While in truth, it was all thanks to high level monster materials, Eternal Flame, and the max levelled blacksmithing!

On the 3rd day after Yumir and co were swept into the Abandoned World, Yu IlHan had safely undergone the 2nd advanced weapons trade, and became a globally wealthy man.

As he had overflowing amount of cash, in this trade, he didn’t only trade with cash, but with monster materials from those over 2nd class, buildings or land. But after he did receive it, it was a pain to manage all of them so he left them all alone. They weren’t that important to Yu IlHan anyway.

It was also then that he met up with Kang HaJin.

After the advanced weapons trade was over, the two headed to a clearing in Gangnam; the place where the gate connecting to Kiroa, the home of the wolves, was located.

“Are you alright?”

“To be honest, I’m not.”

Kang HaJin made a bitter smile. But even this was better than before. When they met in New York, he was so absent minded that he couldn’t even call out to him. No, well, to be exact, it should be said that Yu IlHan also wasn’t in the mind to do that.

“But we can’t stay still forever…… If it was MiRae or YuNa in my place, they would have also done this.”

Instead of saying something irresponsible like ‘since my subordinates are alive, it’s possible that your friend and sister might be alive as well’, he silently listened to him.

“Since the transference of land possession was completed smoothly, I was about to talk about it to you. And before that.”

Kang HaJin bowed his head towards Yu IlHan in apology.

“Mr. Yu IlHan’s subordinates were caught up in this due to my sister. I’m very sorry.”

“You don’t need to be, it was their own decision.”

Kang HaJin also relaxed a little at Yu IlHan’s honest reply. ‘Is that so?’ he asked before stepping back a little and asked.

“I heard the monsters you are ruling were also caught up in this. Although I’m sorry to ask this, can we still believe in those wolves?”

“Well, of course they’d leave my control if Ericia dies.”

“If so…..”

“I’ll take responsibility for everything, so you don’t need to worry about that.”

“……Thank you, and I’m very sorry.”

This was probably what he wanted to hear in the first place. Yu IlHan pitied Kang HaJin as he had to act like this since his sister was swept into an Abandoned World, it wasn’t like he didn’t understand him at all, he didn’t say anything.

At that moment, Kang HaJin opened his mouth again.

“May I ask one more thing?”

“What is it?”

“Do you have any plans on what you’re going to do on this land here? If there’s anything we can help you with…..”

“Oh, no. I do have something to do, but I will not be needing your help.”

Said Yu IlHan as he smiled.

“I’m planning to build a house.”

“A house…… you say?”

“Since I’m building one, I’m planning to make a big mansion.”

“Alone?”

“Yes, alone.”

Kang HaJin’s face colored in confusion and doubt. Meanwhile, Yu IlHan’s smile became thicker. He spoke with strong conviction and expectation.

“Before they come back, I’m planning to build a grand mansion.”

Although it was good to build a mansion, there was something else he had to make before that.

Which was, of course, the item that he even created a blueprint for while ‘running’ towards South America, wings! The wings with thousands or tens of thousands of thin feathers would become a perfect support type equipment that helps out in regard to battle, defense, and even mobility.

In fact, he was planning to craft it using dragon bones when he drew the blueprint, but after acquiring the level 267 volcanic demon beast corpse, his plan changed. To be specific, he changed his mind after finding a 4th class magic stone near its heart while dismantling it.

[Wow, this is really amazing……] (Liera)

Even Liera exclaimed after looking at that. The magic stone emitted a mysterious light, and was so big that it was unbelievable that it came out from a lower existence! Leaving aside the fact that vicious poison and curse dwelled in it, and was hard to even hold onto it, the magic stone was the manifestation of perfection itself.

“Good, I shall create the wings with this guy’s magic stone and bones.”

[How about creating a weapon since the magic stone is this good?] (Liera)

“Then let’s start!”

[Hey! Don’t ignore me!] (Liera)

Although he did decide after only looking at its heart, its bones were the best as well. its blackish-red bones from skull to toe bones made him wonder what it must have eaten for it to become so hard.

If there was one drawback, it was that not to mention processing, even cutting it was very difficult. Although the demon beast’s bones were metallic like the dragons, perhaps due to its ability while it was living, it had a perverse characteristic of absorbing fire up to a certain level, and even became even harder through it.

As even Eternal Flame couldn’t melt it down no matter how many magic stones he fed it, he called out the purple flames from his Eight-tailed dragon spear, added Blaze, and covered that with the Eternal Flame and fused them into one. Only then could he barely melt it down. As Yu IlHan himself had no mana potions, this process was very tiring.

The It was impossible to completely melt down the demon beast’s bones, and even if it did melt, it solidified almost instantly, so Yu IlHan had to craft the artifact with the mindset, and actions of that of a beast aiming for prey.

Yu IlHan’s carving knife, hammer, chisel and anvil all perfectly harmonized with each other to craft the demon beast’s bones little by little. That scene, was really, was so cool that it was a little bit of a pity for Liera alone to watch it. As Liera liked watching Yu IlHan holding the hammer the most from before, this period of time was like a blessing to her.

Of course, she couldn’t just play around. She had to support him in the process.

[IlHan, that place is solidifying!] (Liera)

“Uoooh!”

[There, a little below! It’s sticking!] (Liera)

“Uoooh!”

The battle that was even more difficult than killing the demon beast itself, continued for almost three days before it ended. Exactly 7,867 blade feathers and the skeleton frame that connected all of them, were completed.

[Wow, so pretty. Does this move only with your shoulder movements?] (Liera)

“Of course.”

Yu IlHan equipped the wings behind his back, and when he tensed his back and shoulder muscles minutely, the wings made of bladed feathers flapped while creating sharp and frightening sounds. He had implemented it so it could move just with physical power and not mana.

Of course, that technique itself was very amazing, but Yu IlHan’s ability to freely flex all of his muscles was more shocking.

[Are you able to fly now?] (Liera)

“Although I could probably control the direction if I’m falling from the sky, no matter how hard I flap these heavy wings on the ground, it does nothing more than training back muscles.”

[That doesn’t sound so bad to me. Slurp.] (Liera)

The current wings were already a legend ranked artifact. If he moved his shoulder muscles and back muscles well, it was possible to attack towards his back direction with the wings while attacking the front with his weapon. The attack power amounted to 7,000 purely as a weapon!

However, what Yu IlHan wanted wasn’t simply a weapon. He wanted a supportive tool for perfecting his rapid movements that had the Leap skill as its base.

“If I want to do that, I need to engrave each and every one of these feathers with magic language. I’m talking about these extremely sturdy feathers.”

[Uh, yeah….. do your best…..!] (Liera)

As such, this was the 2nd round now. With all types of flames available to him, Yu IlHan started engraving on the wings.

Had he not acquired the ‘Hero of fire’ title that increased his fire attribute attack by 40%, the fire output would have decreased, and it would have been impossible to craft these wings!

“Done!”

Yu IlHan had spent another 3 days before he could let the carving knife go. Looking at the magic formation that was completed through a work process that was incomparably more difficult to creating the Traps of Destruction, a smile surfaced on his face subconsciously.

However, the most important process in order to finish the job, was still left.

[Are you really going to use that magic stone?] (Liera)

“I’ve already extracted the options from the robe, so yes.”

Yu IlHan took a few deep breaths, and grabbed the 4th class magic stone that the demon beast left behind. As the magic stone’s power was overwhelmingly stronger than the option’s power, it should be possible to create new options that Yu IlHan wanted! It had to be able to!

Yu IlHan delicately put down the magic stone on the blade feathered-wings, and put his two hands on it before closing both of his eyes. It was now time to undergo mana crafting.

What he imaged was the strong and fast figure of the demon beast. The figure of the demon beast that was apocalyptic with just its presence alone! Yu IlHan did not doubt at all that that power would be imbued into these set of wings and help Yu IlHan in the future.

At the same time he thought up of the form of the completed artifact, a heavy and dark light covered the workshop. However, a streak of bright light burst out.

[Ruin Calling was completed.]

[The skill, Mana crafting, has become level 60. You can bring out the power of the artifact with less mana.]

The moment that messaged popped on Yu IlHan’s retina, he was sure that he had succeeded.

[Ruin Calling]

[Rank – Epic]

[Attack Power – 7,300]

[Defense – 6,500]

[Durability – 15,500/15,500]

[User restrictions – Hero of Fire, Physical combat mastery level MAX]

[Options –

1. All blades that make up the wings have a strong power of fire dwelling in them. All flames are absorbed within the limits of the durability, and can freely be released.

2. Reduces the activation speed for all physical combat-class skills, and increases their effect by 30%.

3. Creates a shockwave into a set direction by consuming mana. The power of the shockwave is directly proportional to the mana consumed.]

[A miracle created by the best smith using the best materials that could come out of a lower world.]

[……Huh?] (Liera)

Liera tilted her head.

[It’s really amazing that it’s epic-ranked…… but isn’t this just a weapon that’s stuck onto the back?] (Liera)

“Where did the second option go?”

[Exactly! It’s a physical combat skill enhancement! It’s a perfect weapon!] (Liera)

“Don’t you know that Superhuman strength is also categorized as a physical combat skill?”

[Uh, what?] (Liera)

Superhuman strength was physical combat-class, and of course, Leap was the same. These wings, Ruin Calling, would increase the performance of his leap skill by 30% just by equipping it.

Moreover, adding the 3rd option that was a strengthened version of the robe’s options, Yu IlHan’s speed would multiply by 3 times or more!

[I don’t think I’ll get it until I see for myself. So let’s first….] (Liera)

The moment Liera was about to say that due to not realizing the true power of the wings, Spiera’s hurried voice could be heard.

[Come to New York quickly with Yu IlHan! The Gate seems like it’s about to open!] (Spiera)

Liera abruptly raised his head and grabbed onto Yu IlHan’s arm. Regardless of his reaction, she dragged him and expanded her wings.

[IlHan, let’s use those wings right now. Let’s go!] (Liera)

“Wha, what is it?”

[Right now!] (Liera)

“The wings! I should take them!”

Ten days had passed since Yumir and co were swept into an Abandoned World.



Chapter 141

“The gate is opening!?”

[There are signs of it! So we need to hurry, we need to go now!] (Liera)

Yu IlHan had just finished making the wings, but he had already ran simulations on its use since the time he made the blueprint. The blade-feathered wings, Ruin Calling, naturally had a use in enhancing the Leap skill, but the core lay in the shockwave.

The shockwave he could release in any direction he wants by controlling the wings. If he wanted to, he could send it forward to attack the enemies, but the true usage did was not that.

“Okay, let’s go!”

[Wow, what’s that turbo booster?] (Liera)

When Yu IlHan leapt up into the skies using Leap and Re-leap, he inputted mana into the wings and activated the shockwave, backwards. Immediately, Yu IlHan’s body shot forward, as for the distance, around a hundred meters!

If he set the vector of the receiving force well, he could accelerate using the maximum power of the repulsion force, and the most amazing fact about this shockwave was neither its sudden acceleration nor the ability to accelerate.

It was that he could use the shockwave as a foothold instead of the ground, and deploy Leap and Re-leap again! This was impossible for someone who had no sense for or could not handle mana!

[Whoa! What the hell? That’s so OP!] (Liera)

“It is indeed OP!”

Yu IlHan acknowledged the fact as he accelerated forward again by sending out a shockwave. Liera, who was almost about to be left behind by a mere human with those funny-looking wings, flapped her wings and caught up to him.”

“Whew, this is nice alright.”

He could alter the direction by moving the wings by minutely flexing his back muscles, and even without being tense, he could move around freely thanks to the wings.

Well, although it wasn’t that inconvenient to use Aegis as foothold to jump, this was much more convenient, and about three times faster.

The most decisive change was that his vision had changed. He had to watch out for any obstacles ahead when running using Leap, but now, it was possible to see the ground while flying in a lying down position. Although it was not much of a difference, he found it enjoyable anyway.

“Huhahaha. Humans are mere specks of dust here!”

[I was wondering why you weren’t saying that…… You seem to enjoy it.] (Liera)

“It’s because I don’t need to worry about anything anymore.”

Said he with a bright smile. Even now that the gate was showing signs of opening, Yu IlHan’s subordinates were still connected to him. In fact, not to mention ‘intact’, they had grew so rapidly in those ten days that his Rule skill had reached level 50!

As such, their safe return was pretty much set in stone. Yu IlHan was sure that it was Erta who had opened the gate. How could he not be happy when he was thinking that they were all coming back safely?

[Yeah, it’s really fortunate. It really is.] (Liera)

Liera smiled while approaching Yu IlHan. Now that Yu IlHan could use Ruin Calling to fly rapidly in the sky, it would be fine for her to turn mini-sized and dig into his embrace or grab onto his hair, but it made her happier to fly alongside him.

[IlHan, you really grew up.] (Liera)

“Don’t raise any flags now. It feels like someone’s gonna die.”

[Hey, it’s been a while you mentioned foreshadows.] (Liera)

“I’m kinda scared now since obvious things are happening so obviously.”

Yu IlHan smiled a little while meeting the wind against his face. Liera also smiled.

It hadn’t even been a year since the Earth had met its Great Cataclysm, but Yu IlHan’s level was already 144. Earth was only nearing its 2nd Great Cataclysm, yet the average level of the people of Earth were bordering insane numbers for such a period.

Countless connections with other worlds for unknown reasons. The Destruction Demon Army, the Army of Brilliant Light, and the traitors who are scheme on Earth, when it wasn’t really that special……

Yu IlHan was caught up in the most chaotic incident Liera had met since she had become an angel. Would Yu IlHan be able to endure all the changes and grow up? Will he be able to not give up on Earth? Liera was worried about that.

And at one moment,

“Liera, I have something to confirm with you now that I think this is maybe the last time we can stay alone together.”

[Huh?……..S,s,s,s,s,s,say it!] (Liera)

Said Liera in panic when she was thinking about Yu IlHan.

What was this suspicious sounding intro? Raising flags? Isn’t this the flag for confession?

‘But thanks anyway. I’ll welcome it anytime!’

While Liera popped out fanfares in her head, Yu IlHan spoke.

“Does God really exist?”

[……Huh?]

Liera’s thumping heart, started thumping in a slightly different sense. However, Yu IlHan repeated his words while minutely flexing his muscles. He was still smiling.

“God, does he really exist?”

[Well…… yes. Didn’t I say from our first encounter? I came here to meet you on God’s orders. Thanks to that we’re still……] (Liera)

“And you met God, and directly received orders from him?”

Liera lost her words. She, who was thinking about her rose-colored future until just now, could not understand what Yu IlHan was thinking, and became dejected in an instant.

[It’s not that. Lord God is someone too sacred that an angel like me cannot meet….. That’s why we of Heaven’s Army exist. We spread his will across all worlds, protect the lower worlds, install Traps of Destructions…..] (Liera)

“Is that so.”

Liera somehow felt quite hurried. She was worried that he would fly somewhere else if she didn’t grab onto him. Naturally, she was sounding like she was persuading him.

[IlHan, I don’t know what you’re thinking, but there are too many evidences that prove God’s existence! Look at me! The fact that I could become an angel, and acquire these wings is also because of Lord God’s existence! A true God, and not a false god like the god of smithing, god of love, or the god of beauty!] (Liera)

“Okay.”

[Well, it’s not like I don’t understand your doubt since Earth has become like this, but in the first place, the fact that Earth still exists, is a proof of God’s existence!] (Liera)

Liera tried her best to persuade Yu IlHan. Of course, her final objective was to make him into an angel and have a wedding in Heaven! Yu IlHan only nodded without showing any signs of knowing or not knowing that fact.

“I got it already. I only wanted to ask once so don’t get so angry. I’m not thinking of rejecting your faith.”

Turning his face away from her, he looked at the front. However, Liera still could not understand what he was thinking. Why did things become like this, even though they were in a joyful mood just a moment ago. How?

[You, really understand me, right……?] (Liera)

Of course, Yu IlHan did not reply to her. He only flapped his wings to produce a shockwave to go ahead.

[Hey, wait for me!] (Liera)

Seeing that, Liera also flapped her wings to follow. Yu IlHan’s sudden question, and the ripple in her heart also disappeared along with the sounds of flapping wings.

He could have asked because he was curious, as he had said. She just ended her thoughts there.

The two succeeded in reaching the ruins near New York’s gate in exactly 17 minutes. Even Spiera, who was waiting with her spear in her hand while lining up the wolves, was surprised.

[Just how did this happen?] (Spiera)

[IlHan made OP equipment as always. It’s that blueprint from last time.] (Liera)

[……Oh, is that so.] (Spiera)

Although it hadn’t been a long time since Spiera became Yu IlHan’s contractor, she had already acknowledged the fact that it would be endless once she started retorting him. As such, she didn’t say anything even when Yu IlHan moved his bladed wings.

[It will open soon. I can feel a large scale formation beyond that place.] (Spiera)

[This formation…..] (Liera)

[Yes, it’s Erta’s doing. I should ask how she did it, when she shouldn’t have been able to bring out any of her powers as an angel.] (Spiera)

Spiera said in a small smile. Liera heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed that she was worried about Erta after all.

[It’s connected.] (Spiera)

[This aura is…..!] (Liera)

Soon, a black-haired, golden-eyed, very, very handsome boy around 11 years old, ran out. Although he looked around 4 to 5 years older than when they last saw him, Yu IlHan instantly recognized him as his son, Yumir.

“Mir!”

“Dad!”

Yumir ran into Yu IlHan’s embrace without a moment of hesitation. Yu IlHan instantly put away his armor with his well-trained switching technique, and hugged his son.

“It’s the real dad! Dad……!”

“Yes, yes.”

Yumir ended up crying now that he really felt that he was in Yu IlHan’s embrace.

Well, although it was only 10 days, they had experienced so many harsh things in order to level up so much. There would have been a lot of difficult and sad things. Yu IlHan silently embraced him and consoled him. His posture looked quite natural, and it was because there were some times when he was hugged by Liera in his millennium dropout period.

It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that the reason Yu IlHan grew up to be a man who can embrace others, was all because of Liera.

“It was hard, wasn’t it?”

“Yeah, *sob*. It was so hard. I wanted to see you so much.”

“Dad also wanted to see you, Mir.”

“Really?”

“Of course.”

While Yumir was being doted on by Yu IlHan, the others all jumped out from the gate.

“Master!”

“It’s fortunate to see you again.”

Ericia, who grew up so rapidly, and Flemir with a sharper aura, and the two wolves that supported them.

“Your Majesty!”

“His Majesty came here for us, what an honor……”

“Aah, His Majesty’s figure is as dashing as ever!”

“Your Majesty, we have protected the His Highness according to your orders! ……Although it somehow feels like we were protected instead, but anyway!”

The four elves, that made him doubt how they became so strong in just ten days of time, and continuing on, Erta……

[Yu IlHan!] (Erta)

It wasn’t the mini-sized Erta he saw normally, but a human-sized Erta, that ran into his embrace! Like Yumir, with all of her body!

Although he reflexively received her with one arm, Yu IlHan could only be dumbfounded.

“Hey, your character changed a lot!?”

[D, don’t get me wrong. I only approached in order to regain the close relationship that should exist between the angel and the contractor.] (Erta)

“What do you call this again? A tsu*…..”

[Shaddap! Shut your mouth and widen those arms a little more!] (Erta)

Yumir in one arm, and Erta in the other. Now that Yu IlHan couldn’t flinch, Liera took out her spear and aimed at Erta.

[Does that woman really want to die……] (Liera)

[She was in an Abandoned World until now. Considering her worry and tension, isn’t it fine to let her be for a moment?] (Spiera)

[……Hmph!] (Liera)

Very well, just for now! Just as Liera set her heart to let her go for just now, the gate spat out the last two people: Kang MiRae, and Na YuNa.

“Ah.”

“Mr. IlHan.”

“It really is Mr. Yu IlHan! He is still as ever! Wait, no, did he get more handsome?”

Although they had gotten stronger like the others. Somehow, both Kang MiRae and Na YuNa seemed to have gotten a little more ‘mature’ over the ten days. Just how much hardship did they go through?

Even though they didn’t have any intention to, Yu IlHan was planning to not let them off easily for dragging Mir into another world, but now, he felt pity for them.

But then, something unimaginable happened to Yu IlHan.

“Uh.”

Kang MiRae’s two eyes teared up after seeing Yu IlHan, then she suddenly threw her body towards him even though his arms were already full with Yumir and Erta!

“Huh? Huuuh?”

“Uaaan!”

Then she suddenly started crying in a loud voice while putting her arms around Yu IlHan’s neck!

“What the hell? Are they all under some weird curse!?”

Yu IlHan, who was not used to being in contact with women other than his family, panicked without knowing what to do. But then, Na YuNa, who thought that the situation was interesting, flew towards him and hugged him. The abundant scent of females around him made him panicked even more.

“How good!”

“What the hell? Get off me! You first get off! I really don’t like you so get off!”

“Don’t be like thaaat.”

Although Yu IlHan had the confidence to stay calm at any moment, he couldn’t win against the current one!

“What the hell? What the hell is up with all of you? Why are you all like this?”

“Yay, this is fuuun! Come here everyone!”

“Then please excuse me, Your Majesty!”

“Yahoo!”

Biting on Na YuNa’s bait, the elves jumped in on Yu IlHan as well! Erta and Yumir were almost about to suffocate, but they didn’t try to let go of Yu IlHan at all.

In the end, even Ericia joined in carefully and Yu IlHan couldn’t be seen from the outside anymore. Perhaps it was a consolation prize that Flemir and the two wolves didn’t join in.

[Just what is this!] (Liera)

[I’ve heard that there are three times when a human’s popularity peaks out during one’s lifetime…..] (Spiera)

[Not that, well, yeah, even though my IlHan is always so cool, but even so!] (Liera)

[This hopeless angel…] (Spiera)

Liera was too confused and couldn’t even get angry while watching that scene. Yu IlHan sent her an SOS signal as his limit was broken through a long time ago, but she was so confused that she couldn’t catch his signal.

“Ah sheesh!”

Yu IlHan exploded and shouted while pushing Na YuNa away with all his might.

“No matter what happened, why are you all like this when only ten days have passed?”

At that moment, everyone that was embracing Yu IlHan, stopped their actions.

“Huh?”

“Huuh?”

“Sorry?”

“……Ten days?”

“Your Majesty?”

“Ten days!?”

“……Huh?”

When Yu IlHan tilted his head due to their strange reactions, Yumir, who was still in his arm, raised his head and spoke.

“Dad, we spent 1,000 days in there.”

“What?”

Yu IlHan and Yumir’s gazes met.

“1,000 days?”

“Yup, 1,000 days!”

Yu IlHan raised his head. His eyes met with Liera’s. Her eyes were trembling non-stop. Yu IlHan must be making the same expression as her right now.

10 days, and 1,000 days.

Somehow, that was a rather familiar ratio.



Chapter 142

It took 5 minutes for Kang MiRae to stop crying and come to herself. Having stopped, she realized what she had just done, and shocked herself out of Yu IlHan’s embrace before lowering her head.

“I, I’m sorry. Please excuse my rudeness…….”

“It’s not to the extent of rudeness but….. Oh, you guys get off too.”

“Tch.”

Although Kang MiRae’s words sounded calm, from her reddened cheeks and eyes, it seemed that she wasn’t quite so. If they really did end up drifitng away for 1,000 days, it was quite understandable.

“I think I need to listen to you. Let’s switch locations first. Ah, hey, I said get off.”

No matter how he thought about it, this wasn’t the mood to scatter so Yu IlHan suggested with a bitter smile. This was an unimaginable way of thinking if he was still in his loner days.

“Yes.”

Kang MiRae slightly nodded and wiped the tears off her face. Then, she proceeded to rip Na YuNa off Yu IlHan and throw her on the ground, before picking up her phone, that didn’t have service for 1,000 days, and contacted somewhere.

“Ou-ou-ou-ouch. MiRae, you really are harsh.”

“Please fix your habit of sticking too close to someone you’ve given your heart to.”

In 5 minutes, limousines arrived at the venue. While Yu IlHan was feeling dumbfounded at this always-unrealistic scene, the drivers that came out of the limousines respectfully greeted Kang MiRae and Na YuNa. Liera exclaimed while looking at them.

[It’s amazing that they can still retain their power even after the world has changed so much. That shouldn’t be possible with money alone….. Political power is really something.] (Liera)

[Liera, please keep your basic dignity as an angel.] (Erta)

[Huh? I think I saw an angel weeping while clinging to IlHan just now, where did she go?] (Liera)

[I didn’t cry!] (Erta)

While the reunited angels were getting into a fight as always, Kang MiRae, who had now regained her composure, spoke to Yu IlHan with a faint smile.

“Please get on.”

Kang MiRae, who made Yu IlHan dumbfounded with those limousines, activated the golden combo of an aeroplane, along with several helicopters with 2nd class ability users to protect it.

“We’ll bring you to Korea right away, lady MiRae. Lady Na YuNa too.”

“Yes. Oh, tell my father that I cannot meet him right away.”

“Understood.”

Seeing several ability users trying to protect Kang MiRae and co from the skies as well as the ground, Yu IlHan thought that the money he had his hands on didn’t amount to much.

Having 2nd class ability users as subordinates couldn’t be done with just money alone. Only a history of loyalty, solidified over the years, could make that possible.

“Master, was there anything inconvenient while we were away?”

“Your Majesty. I think you became stronger!”

“And he turned more handsome too. I thought I caught up a lot, but I guess I’m still far away.

Well, he did have his own set of loyal subordinates.

Just that they weren’t human. Thinking that he didn’t have it too bad either, Yu IlHan smiled. In any case, it was fortunate that everybody came back safe. He truly thought that. He somehow felt a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment.

Everyone, excluding Flemir, who had to lead all the wolves waiting outside the New York gate, headed to Seoul together. Although Yu IlHan felt slightly depressed for not being able to show off his wings, Ruin Calling, the others didn’t notice that. Only Liera laughed.

Having arrived at Seoul, the group headed to Yu IlHan’s apartment. As everyone was Yu IlHan’s subordinates other than the angels, it was nothing strange.

Well, if you exclude Kang MiRae and Na YuNa that is.

“So you want to sleep here for 3 days.”

Yu IlHan was surprised by Kang MiRae’s sudden request. Kang MiRae spoke of her reasons with a very sorry expression.

“Of course, we’ll get a hotel room if it’s of any inconvenience to you, but if I book a hotel using my name, it is highly possible that my father or brother will come to find me…… If we stay here, those two will probably not interfere.”

Instead, it would be Yu IlHan’s point of view, that a terrible misunderstanding that may arise!?

“Mir! Let’s wash with Noona!”

“Yeah!”

“Na YuNa, you too, don’t run around like it’s your own home, and lower your head right here!”

The reason for Kang MiRae’s sudden request was this:

For Kang MiRae and Na YuNa, who had fought for 2 years and 9 months without rest, mental and physical stress had piled up beyond their limits. They had just avoided death by over exhaustion thanks to Na YuNa’s recovery maagic!

However, if they went back to their clans now, they would be flooded with work again. Kang MiRae had extremely rationally judged herself that she needed a rest. Whether it was the 2nd Great Cataclysm or the Lightning God clan, she would only be able to work after resting both her body and heart.

“Even so, I can only apologize as it’s…..”

“Dad, MiRae-noona is kind. YuNa-noona is kind too!”

Just as when Yu IlHan was about to reject, Yumir in his arms, spoke with clear eyes.

“Even so…..”

“Dad, is it no good?”

Just as when he was about to reject regardless of Yumir’s eye attacks, those two clear eyes dampened up. Critical Hit on Yu IlHan’s heart and conscience!

“Can’t I play a little more with these noonas?”

“……Who taught him this skill?”

“Me, me, meee! Mir is so cute, isn’t he! Ouch!”

Yu IlHan smacked Na YuNa on the forehead for the first time. However, that also implied his permission to stay.

Na YuNa made a ‘v’ with her fingers towards Kang MiRae even as she looked about to cry, and Kang MiRae also smiled a little.

The promised 3 days went past very quickly. Yu IlHan told the state of affairs on Earth to Yumir and the others, and they, told Yu IlHan their story. After hearing that, Yu IlHan’s impression was very simple.

“So Mir hard-carried everyone.”

“I fought hard!”

If it wasn’t for his concealment ability, it would probably have been the end the moment they went to the other side. What was more impressive that Yumir’s concealment skill evolved in a way that concealed his allies as well as himself. It was all thanks to him that they could massacre the monsters while enduring daily life in that harsh world!

A party-specialized evolution… It was impossible for a natural-born loner like Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan was satisfied that his son grew up to take care of everyone unlike himself.

“Dad, is it really true that only 10 days passed here?”

“Yup, not a single day less or more.”

“So that’s it. That’s good!”

“That amounted only to ten days……”

Meanwhile, the returnees from the Abandoned World went into a group panic after realizing that only 10 days passed on Earth while 1000 days passed in that world, but as all media including the News was the same as before, they acknowledged reality.

In fact, it was a great fortune that they were strengthened prior to the 2nd Great Cataclysm of Earth. Although, no one could answer why the flow of time was strange in that world.

[Do you really think that? Don’t you think it has too much to do with you consider it a coincidence, IlHan?] (Liera)

Liera’s retort. Yu IlHan heaved a deep sigh even though he had expected that reaction a little. It was annoying enough that he had suffered alone for a thousand years on Earth, but if it was due to him, then how would he feel!

“Don’t tell me you think that I have something to do with it?”

[But it’s too similiar to be a coincidence……] (Liera)

Yes, he was in fact a little suspicious. Didn’t Yu IlHan’s dropout period 100 times that of the expected period?

10 years into 1,000 years; ten days into 1,000 days… The ratio was too perfect to be considered a coincidence!

[Isn’t it that there is some transcendent power in the Yu family?] (Liera)

[Rather than their own power, I think that their hidden records may be connected to Earth to cause a change.] (Spiera)

[I knew it…… There was no way Yu IlHan is an ordinary human when he has a pancosmic-level title.] (Erta)

“Even if you look at me like that, you won’t get answers. And Erta, come with me to the rooftop later.”

In the millennium of his dropout period, Liera only explained it as an unknown error, and Yu IlHan who was busy living out that thousand years, didn’t look much into it. Even if he did, nothing would change anyway.

However, Yumir, who was born from Yu IlHan’s mana, ended up being trapped in an Abandoned World. If there was anything different from Yu IlHan himself, it was that he was together with allies, and the Akashic Record was connected to it.

He came back after spending a thousand days, and only ten days had passed on Earth in the meantime. Looking at the two incidents separately, it could be said to be a coincidence that can happen on a multiversal scale, but connecting Yu IlHan and Yumir’s existence together, the story became entangled.

[What if that unknown error is related to IlHan’s record?] (Liera)

[There’s nothing ‘what if’ about it. The other groups will wish to capture Yu IlHan and not kill him.] (Erta)

[That’s a good thing since IlHan is safer now!] (Liera)

“Being inside a tiger’s mouth would be much safer than my own position right now!”

However, there were too little samples to declare that Yu IlHan was the reason. At that moment, Liera clapped and spoke.

[Then you can just increase the samples, can’t you? IlHan, you can have a child!] (Liera)

[I’ll take the right.] (Spiera)

[Then I’ll beat up the left.] (Erta)

Spiera and Erta forced Liera into submission when Liera was acting all nervous, twisting up her body, saying ‘How is it, a genius idea, no?’.

With the worry that this idiot may commit a taboo if they didn’t make Yu IlHan into a higher existence quickly, Erta spoke.

[Yu IlHan, I’ll throw this idiot in the recycling bin. Meanwhile, please confirm if there was anything similar between your parents. It should be fine to get only the hints.] (Erta)

“Yes, then please recycle her properly.”

“I also want to go meet grandpa and grandma!”

“Okay, let’s do that.”

Yu IlHan had a glance at Kang MiRae and Na YuNa, who was playing ping pong with the elves, and thought about when they’d leave as this was the third day, as he left.

After concealing himself, it took a few flap of his wings to arrive at his house. Both of his parents were home, and Yu IlHan entered with Yumir in front of him. Yumir shouted this as he went in the front door even though Yu IlHan didn’t make him to:

“Grandpa, grandma. Hello!”

“IlHan, you’re here….. Oh?”

“It’s not IlHan!?”

Quite a lot of time was needed for the house, which flipped due to the sudden appearance of an 11 year-old-looking child, to turn calm.

“I’m not sure about incubation with mana or anything like that, but it’s your son alright. He looks after you. Of course, he’s much more handsome compared to you at that time.”

Yu YongHan, Yu IlHan’s father judged, after observing for a while. Yu IlHan added with a smile.

“He’s also your grandson.”

“And the child’s mother?”

Was the mother’s, Kim YeSeul’s, question. Yu IlHan honestly answered.

“She died before his birth. Dragons are born from eggs after all.”

“Oh my, sonny, you became a widower. Aren’t you lonely, Mir?”

“It’s fine because there’s dad. And pretty noonas too!”

“Oho? Pretty noonas? Mir, won’t you elaborate more on that?”

Kim YeSeul urged with a bright smile. Unlike Yu YongHan in a slight panic due to this unrealistic situation, she was very different. Moreover, she looked like she had become even younger after all this time.

Now it was for sure. Unlike his father who was stuck in 1st class, his mother was levelling up! And perhaps, she was at least 2nd class already.

2nd classes belonged to the top 3% of humanity right now. Although he thought this before, but if he had any talent, perhaps it was inherited from his mother?

Then perhaps his mother was…? Yu IlHan asked her with a slight nervousness.

“Mom, was there anything special that happened in the ’10 years’ youspent in Ya-umin?”

“Ya-umin? Ah, Oooh.”

Kim YeSeul tilted her head before laughing.

“Well, nothing happened at all. Even though I’m quite good if I look like this at my age!”

Hmm, it seems like she misunderstood. Yu YongHan laughed at her.

“What do you mean ‘good’. You’re an old lady.”

“Hey, everyone looks at least 20 years younger than you when I go outside. People talk bad about you, and not me.”

“Oh, she’s right about that, dad. Please level up even while taking it easy.”

“There’s nothing safe about levelling up, son.”

Hm, it seems like his mother wasn’t it. And from how his dad looked, it looks like it wasn’t him either.

Yes, of course. The twisted time axis in Yu IlHan’s and Yumir’s trapped worlds were simply coincidence. There was no way such a record would be hidden inside a guy who couldn’t even wield mana.

“Fuu.”

As his worries ended as just worries, he breathed a sigh of relief.

Although he never doubted the fact that he became this strong precisely due to the thousand years on Earth, never was it fun to talk about it with a light smile. If his parents suffered such pain, then Yu IlHan would also find it hard.

Now that he settled down, he became hungry. As he couldn’t go back home and eat when his mother was in front of him, Yu IlHan spoke firmly as if he had lent some money to them. It was the privilege of the son.

“Mom, food.”

“Food! Food!”

Although he looked 11 on the outside, Mir was still 1 year…… no, 3 years old. When he imitated Yu IlHan while laughing, Kim YeSeul stood up with a satisfied smile.

“Okay, I’ll make a feast so eat to your heart’s content.”

Then she seemed to head off to the kitchen, when she turned back and asked.

“And so? Who’s my daughter-in-law candidate among those pretty noonas? I’m completely fine with multiple candidates.”

“There’s completely none!”

Shouted Yu IlHan. Although someone’s face passed by in his mind, Yu IlHan denied that and spoke confidently.

“There’s no woman in this world that would marry your son!”

“That’s a boast? Then try saying that to everyone!”

Now, how could I send this son off to marriage? – Kim YeSeul about her son’s future, as she headed off to the kitchen.



Chapter 143

Yu IlHan and Yumir emptied about half of all the food available in the house before going back with icecream in their mouths.

The angels, elves, humans, and one wolf had already finished their ping pong match and were now playing a 4-player racing game on Playstation.

“Look at my drift skills! Yay!” (Na YuNa)

“It’s just your body that’s leaning!” (Kang MiRae)

[Kyak, a bomb!] (Liera)

[You keep covering the screen with those wings!] (Erta)

The members enjoying the game were two idiots and two retorters. The rest of the members were staring at the large screen as they moved their upper bodies along with the game, almost as if it was them who were playing it.

He could see friendship that couldn’t be created over just ten days. He found it amazing that Liera managed to join that group.

Yumir seemed like he wanted to join so he let him go, when Spiera approached him in his stead.

[It seems like there was nothing much.] (Spiera)

“Both of them were extremely normal. Fortunately.”

If any one of the two experienced a thousand years, then they should have reacted to Yu IlHan’s words in some way. Yu IlHan was sure that the two had lived ordinary lives as he had confidence in reading other people’s expressions.

[I also received reports from various angels from the two worlds that they went to. The two did indeed spend ten years with others, and they returned with the other humans. Although I can’t be sure yet, there’s a higher probability of some other element being the cause and not the genetic elements.] (Spiera)

“Right?”

Yu IlHan laughed as he nodded. Then, he realised the hidden intent in Spiera’s words and asked her while his brows were twitching.

“Why did you send me when you could do it yourself? No, well, it wasn’t for nothing since I could introduce Mir to them and I saw their face, but even so.”

[You should know very well that angels are imperfect. There may be some things that they have missed out. That’s why I wanted you to confirm for yourself.] (Spiera)

In the first place, if the angels were perfect, there was no way they would be annoyed by other transcender factions, nor would there be any traitors – Spiera added. Yu IlHan couldn’t say anything in return after all that.

“……Liera and Erta’s pride as higher angels shot through the skies when we first met, but you just acknowledge that fact…”

[There’s no progress without understanding of imperfection. Those two are also making progress as they understand that.] (Spiera)

“Yeah, you don’t say so.”

Yu IlHan muttered while watching Liera covering the screen with her wings, and Erta scolding her mercilessly.

Although he didn’t know how much progress they’ve made, from their looks now, they were hopeless. Even though they showed their smart sides in the beginning…

Although he liked their current states better, he sometimes missed their former figures. – As he was thinking that, Spiera spoke suddenly.

[Rather than that, prepare.] (Spiera)

“Prepare what?”

[The notice for the Battle of Competition went up. Just now.] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan’s movements stopped momentarily. He felt his relaxing body tensing up in an instant.

Battle of Competition. Why wouldn’t he know about that? He decimated an entire empire in another world due to that.

He had a glance at the people who were still playing the racing game and faced Spiera again.

“So you can talk about it now?”

[There’s not much time left. This will be told to all the people of Earth soon.] (Spiera)

“How many days is it?”

[In 3 hours, the stage to pick the participants will be set.] (Spiera)

Hours and not days!

“Hah, that’s quite a ‘lot of time’ you’ve given me.”

[There’s no need to hurry. Participants selection will be held over 24 hours. In New York, where the battle with the Abandoned World took place.] (Spiera)

Well, that place was the best since it was receiving the attention of everyone in this world.

[Anyone can participate if they want to bring back Traps of Destruction to Earth. Only 1 thousand individuals will gain the qualifications to participate in the competition.] (Spiera)

“One thousand……?”

Yu IlHan tilted his head. He found something strange.

If the number of participants numbered so high, was there a need to swallow Venezuela entirely? They wouldn’t need to send a force numbering millions!

[The rules of the competition differs according to the balance of forces in each world. Although the rule for this time is ‘Elite Forces Battle’, it is likely that Ferata had undergone an ‘All Out Battle’ in their 2nd Great Cataclysm.] (Spiera)

“That sounds horrible.”

That meant that the empire of Kadra may have spread their forces beyond Venezuela. Thinking about the possibility that he hadn’t prevented the invasion of Kadra empire, Yu IlHan felt the shivers.

Of course, the empire in question should currently be near extinction due to monsters….. While he was thinking about that, Spiera’s words hit his eardrums once again.

[You need to acquire a good position in this competition.] (Spiera)

“Even if you didn’t say it, I’ll do my best but…… why?”

[The Battle of Competition isn’t held that frequently. And Earth right now, is progressing at an incredible rate. I guarantee that there won’t be another Battle of Competition before Earth’s 3rd Great Cataclysm.] (Spiera)

TheBattle of Competition was held in ‘Lu Füera’, a higher world under Heaven’s Army. Naturally, no lower existence could enter that world. They could only enter that world in the Battle of Competition that was held regularly. As such, there was no way they could make an exception for Earth.

Yu IlHan’s instincts flared up after hearing that.

“A higher world huh. Now that’s making me feel worried.”

[While I understand what you’re thinking.] (Spiera)

Retorted Spiera with a smile.

[There will not be a case where other transcender factions would invade in a higher world under Heaven. That’s the same as angels invading beyond the Wall of Chaos and fighting against the main forces of the Destruction Demon Army, and coming back alive.] (Spiera)

“Hey, there’s one right there.”

[But that’s…… You’re right.] (Spiera)

To Yu IlHan who was pointing towards a cowardly angel who blocked other’s view just as her car was about to be passed by another car, Spiera could only nod.

[I’ll see to it that there will be more security in the venue.] (Spiera)

“Please. Oh, and get miss Na YuNa a proper angel. Although I don’t care about the person herself, but as it is now, miss MiRae will get caught up in it. Mir will be sad.”

[I’ll keep that in mind.] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan approached the gaming group after that. The game had just ended and punishment was being brought upon Liera.

“I win you lose you get the bap!”

“Big bap bap bap bap bap bap!”

[When’s the ‘bruise’ dammit!] (Liera) 

It seemed that everyone hated Liera as the simple punishment song was not ending and the total amount of hits was breaking through 300 hits. As he couldn’t watch forever. Ilhan finished the game with a smack on the forehead.

“Bruise.”

[Ah, I love you, IlHan!] (Liera)

“Aaah, you didn’t even play, so you get the punishment too!” (Na YuNa)

“It’s the household owner’s right. Game’s over, and rest is over too.”

Although they might feel a little disappointed as they didn’t fill the entire 72 hours, but there was no more time to waste. Kang MiRae’s expression also changed, it seemed that she noticed that Yu IlHan was about to say something.

“In 3 hours, there will be a stage to select the participants to participate in the Battle of Competition held by Heaven’s Army. From what I’ve heard, it has a lot to do with how successfully we can endure the 2nd Great Cataclysm. The details will be explained by Erta.”

[Why am I always in charge of explanations!?…… I’ll explain only once so listen carefully! The Battle of Competition refers to……] (Erta)

Erta’s shocking revelation continued. As everyone here knew that Heaven’s Army’s job lay in Traps of Destruction, they understood quickly.

In the process, Yu IlHan found something new, which was the rules of the competition. He thought that it would be alright with destroying everything, but it didn’t seem so.

[Each participants will be given a minimum set of safety devices. The purpose of Heaven’s Army is to distribute the Traps of Destructions, not to weaken the overall power of the worlds.] (Erta)

To do that, every participant will be given a membrane of protection on top of their skin, and that protective membrane will shatter upon receiving a certain amount of damage, and eject the participant back to his or her own world. And the outcome will be decided by how many enemy participants they’ve ejected under the duration of battle, or if the enemy side was all ejected.

However, even if they won the battle, the ejected participant will not be able to participate again, so the important things lay in preserving forces as much as possible.

“What if someone attacks with a force that could shatter and kill the participant at the same time?”

[That protective membrane is the best we can do. It’s a competition to protect their own worlds, so if they aren’t prepared for such things, they shouldn’t participate in the first place.] (Erta)

“That’s quite cold of you there……”

The Battle of Competition was largely categorized into Junior and Senior, with Junior being a competition between worlds that are about to experience the 2nd Great Cataclysm, and Senior being a competition between worlds that are about to experience their third or further Great Cataclysm. The form of the competition was a winner-proceeds form, and only the 4 strongest in the Junior and the 4 strongest in the Senior, will be able to get their share of Traps of Destruction made of better materials.

“Why is it not a fair league-type competition, but a tournament one?”

[There are currently 48 worlds qualified to participate in the Junior tournament. We can’t let the strongest thousand of each world fight 47 times. They’d probably rather give up on the Traps of Destruction.] (Erta)

“That’s true…..”

If it was an All Out Battle and not an Elite Forces Battle, then the situation would probably be more serious. Everyone accepted Erta’s words.

“Top 4 of 48 worlds…..!”

Kang MiRae sighed after realizing the significance of the situation, and Na YuNa looked dejected.

“Angels only tell us things when it’s just about to arrive.”

[Well, you wouldn’t be able to do anything even if you do know beforehand.] (Liera)

“But we still wanted to know early…..!”

[That’s not all.] (Erta)

Although it would be good if it ended there, it did not. After the top 4 teams on both Junior and Senior, were selected, the classification of Junior and Senior disappeared, and the true finals will start.

This was also the reason why Ferata invaded Earth before its 3rd Great Cataclysm.

“How?”

[It’s because there are cases where the participants in the Junior tournament are stronger than the ones in the Senior tournament. However, if the competition ended while the Junior and Senior were still divided, then the Junior will have complaints right? Of course, they can also choose to give up at that point.] (Erta)

Yes, the current forces of Earth was considerably strong considering that it was nearing its 2nd Great Cataclysm. Yu IlHan would also be annoyed if he was told not to fight when there was an opportunity to gain more Advanced Traps of Destruction.

[To sum up. You just have to fight until the end and not lose.] (Erta)

“Thanks for the obvious advice.”

“……We should hurry. We need to talk with the Front Line Alliance, and we also need to negotiate with the government of various countries in order to select a balanced party, and the most high-levelled party as possible……. Oh, when does the selection end?”

[24 hours from the installation of the stage.] (Erta)

“So we need to hurry even more.”

Kang MiRae packed her stuff quickly and called somewhere with her phone. It was probably to head to America.

“I didn’t want to go back to New York for quite a while, but we’re going back immediately huh. Mr. IlHan, if it’s alright with you, let’s go together.”

“Wait, I have something to confirm.”

Yu IlHan asked Liera.

“Can monsters participate in the selection?”

[There’s no restriction in the participants selection!] (Liera)

“Good, then elves too?”

[Of course. In fact, not to mention the participants selection, the entire competition is not that strict. Monsters on human side. People from other world participating. Such things were never considered in the first place. It’s Earth that’s bad!] (Liera)

So, that was why Ferata thought about participating in the competition with human skins on! Yu IlHan retorted to Liera who was giggling.

“Such, absurd, things, are, happening, on, Earth, right, now, isn’t it.”

[Hiik.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan emphasized each word. Veins could be seen on his forehead. Liera was shocked and hiccup’ed.

“So you need to fix those rules in the future, right?”

[Yes, sir!] (Liera)

“Since we were the ones who received damage, let’s leave this competition as is, and please do so from next time.”

[We shall.] (Liera)

“Good, good girl.”

Yu IlHan was ordering around an angel. Kang MiRae and Na YuNa were looking at that scene in amazement, while Spiera and Erta were sighing.

“Then……”

“Please speak, master.”

When Yu IlHan turned his head after making Liera promise him, Ericia was there. She looked very trustworthy from how she approached him and waited for him after noticing that it was her they were talking about.

“Please call Flemir. He’ll go to New York as well.”

“Although not satisfactory in your eyes, there are many wolves that are stronger than the people of Earth. Shall I gather all of them?”

“No, just Flemir will do. Instead, pick the strong ones and let’s make them protect Seoul while we’re away.”

“Yes.”

Ericia left immediately to call Flemir and the other wolves. While Kang MiRae and Na YuNa were making relieved expressions, as they knew Flemir’s strength, the elves approached him.

“Your Majesty, shall we gather the elves? If it’s the strong warriors that have directly received training from you, they will step up in order to become your power whenever you wish!”

“The elves have it hard in Dareu. I brought the four of you since I couldn’t help it, but I cannot allow any more than that.”

Although everyone was smoothly making progress, if he took out any more, then the race may as well go extinct. He couldn’t bring them here.

Moreover, the four elves here had an average level of 130. As Pate had the highest level at 134, there was no need to call any more reinfor……

He thought up to there when something came up in his mind.

“Paté.”

“Yes.”

Yu IlHan took out the epic-ranked bow sleeping in his inventory, Deathgod’s Trajectory, and handed it to him. After looking at that, everyone’s attention was focused on it, not to mention Paté.

“Your Majesty, such a treasure……”

“How is it, you think you can use it?”

“……Although it will be very difficult. I think I can barely do it.”

The user restrictions of Deathgod’s Trajectory was a 3rd class archer main class and strength and agility over 250 each. As Paté’s stats focused on strength and agility rather than health, he could barely meet the requirements.

Yu IlHan nodded and extended his hand.

“Then give me your previous one and use that one from now on.”

“Your Majesty!”

Paté became silent. He looked really feminine with tears glistening, so Yu IlHan pushed him away. Then he spoke to the elves who were looking at him.

“If you do well, I’ll make yours too in a while.”

“If we do well…..”

“If we do well! An epic!”

The elves burned in passion after thinking that they may be able to wield epic ranked weapons in the future. Kang MiRae spoke in a vain voice after looking at that scene.

“Although I knew you could create Legend-ranked ones since I saw it… you could even make Epic-ranked ones…..?”

Living together with Yu IlHan’s subordinates for 2 years and 9 months, she now knew that they weren’t human but elves, and that the weapons Vanguard sold world wide was all created by Yu IlHan.

The legend-ranked bracelet she received from Erta before the battle, was of very high quality, and it had helped out a lot in surviving in the other world. She was surprised that he was a smith as well but….. he could make epic ranked ones too!

However, Yu IlHan only tilted his head and spoke,

“Although I can’t make them as I wish, I get one if I get lucky once in a while. I’ll give one to you too if I make one later. Mir seems to like you too.”

“Mee! What about mee! I’m also close with Mir! Mir totally likes me!”

“However, I personally don’t like you so no. Ask me again after 300 years.”

“Wao!”

He could reject her so openly! Kang MiRae made a smile while seeing that. Even though it was supposed to be something bad for her clan, she somehow felt satisfied. Her heart fluttered.

Yes. She was feeling fluffy since it looked like she was receiving special treatment.

“MiRae! You just smirked now didn’t you! If I acquire an epic one, it will be used to help you!”

“No, I didn’t smirk at all.”

While Kang MiRae was acting clueless, Yu IlHan called Mir into his arm.

“While Ericia is away calling Flemir, I’ll go to my workshop for a bit. I’ll do a final check, and make Mir’s new armor too.”

“And you can do that in that meanwhile?”

“Of course.”

Yu IlHan did indeed return Ericia and Flemir returned to the apartment. Although, he brought back something ‘he didn’t expect’ on top of Yumir’s armor.

They headed to New York along with Kang HaJin and the Lightning God clan members which Kang MiRae and the rest hadn’t seen for a long time. A strict competition to pick one thousand people of Earth, was waiting for them.

…….or so it should have been.



Chapter 144

There was a time when Yu IlHan expected the people of Earth to fight each other to the death until only one thousand people remained in their raging passion to protect Earth.

“It’s the Susanoo party.” “I shouldn’t fight them and drain their strength.” “Their members are frightening right? They were all MVPs in the defense battle against the Abandoned World.” “Let’s get out of their way.”

However, immediately Ilhan’s party had entered the huge arena, some of the exactly one thousand people exited on their own accord.

“Huh?”

As this happened so suddenly, Yu IlHan had to judge what just happened with his eyes open.

“Did someone forfeit?” [Indeed.] (Erta)

Yes. The people who thought ‘Oh, I should step down here!’ had left the venue, and it was the exact same number of people as the party Yu IlHan brought! Like that, one thousand people was maintained on the stage, and at this point, Yu IlHan could also grasp how the participants were picked.

There were two methods to select the participants, the one on one battles and the group battles.

Those who wanted to participate in a one vs one battle would pick one of the individual participants within the one thousand, and challenge them. If the challenger won, then the loser would step down and the winner takes the place. It was also completely fine for people to step down voluntarily. The main point was that a maximum of 1000 people needed to be maintained on the stage.

However, group battles were much more complex in comparison. For Kang MiRae who came back at 120% power in just 10 days, to participate with her clan members, she had to pick out the single participants from 1000 people and match the numbers with her own number of clan members, and win two rounds of challenges.

Unlike the single battles that one had to bring out their full power on, there were a lot of other elements in group battles, so fighting twice was inevitable to prove their competence. Their participation would be set in stone if they won two battles. It was just a difference of fighting several times in succession and with random opponents.

Also, once they won the battle like that, the losers had to all exit the arena so there would be a blank in the participants. When some weak people joined that blank, then the people with ability would once again challenge them and take their place.

As it was impossible to come up to the stage once they went down, the arena was not as full as he had expected.

“Mr. Yu IlHan sure is amazing.”

Seeing Yu IlHan skipping all the annoying process and making the people accept his party’s participation, Kang HaJin exclaimed.

The always-cool fullplate armor, and the sudden appearance of the bladed wings made him look quite strange, but he still had an overwhelming level of charisma. Even the seven subordinates behind him would not lose out to anyone here…

“But in fact, wouldn’t it have ended easily if he just brought the strongest thousand of the wolves?”

Although it was no boast, the day humanity went against Kiroa, humanity would have lost without Yu IlHan. It was possible for them to battle only because Yu IlHan had entered the gate and took care of the strong ones on the other side. And the surviving wolves all became his underlings….

Kang MiRae answered his question.

“Of course it would have ended easily.” “Then why?” “Shouldn’t he be thinking that the current forces are enough?”

Kang HaJin’s jaws were left agape after hearing her answer.

Now, all of humanity knew about the circumstances surrounding the Battle of Competition; they knew about the number of participating worlds, and how the winner would be decided. Even if he could somehow lead them against worlds that had undergone their 2nd Great Cataclysm, how could he be confident in winning against the teams in the senior category?”

While Kang HaJin was thinking such reasonable things, his sister and her friend that became slightly strange after spending time in an Abandoned World, had gone a step further with their opinions.

“In fact, it should be much more efficient for Mr. Yu IlHan and Mir to go by themselves while we protect Earth.” “We cannot inconvenience him forever. We need to show him that we can do things even without him.” “Although you girls were full of confidence even before you went there, I think you can poke someone to death with that rocketing confidence now.”

Kang MiRae only replied with a smile, and looked at the Lightning God members that numbered 10 including herself.

Although the gap had increased as she had went to the Abandoned World, they were still elites that were handpicked by her. If they were polished through this Battle of Competition, they would be able to do well even after the 2nd Great Cataclysm.

“Please prepare. This is the start.”

Kang MiRae generated and grabbed golden lightning on one hand as she entered the stage. She was easily utilizing the options of the Legend ranked bracelet that had been with her for nearly 3 years.

“We will challenge a group fight. There are ten of us. Oh, we don’t want to fight the strong ones so please get out of our way on your own accord.”

It really played out the way that she had requested. The stronger teams realized how strong she was, and hid themselves. Meanwhile, the passionate ones that could not differentiate between left and right were fished by her taunt and were kicked out without even being able to use the Boom Bubble.

“Master’s magic is too strong.” “No, miss YuNa’s blessing was too strong…….”

Even the members that fought together were dumbfounded. Feeling their panic, Kang MiRae spoke with a faint smile.

“You would have to follow us ardently in the future.” “Yes!” “Understood!”

After that, many people joined the stage in New York. Many people excluding Yu IlHan’s group and the Lightning God dropped out, and some unknown experts had emerged as well. If there was anything for sure, it was that all of the members here had strength that did not lose to any other representatives of other worlds prior to the 2nd Great Cataclysm.

[I declare the end of the participants selection. In exactly 2 hours, the transfer to Lu Füera will begin, so please wait in the stage.] (Spiera) “So it ended.”

After the scheduled time was over, Yu IlHan immediately sat on the stage, and looked around him. Although they couldn’t show overwhelming force like Yu IlHan’s group or the Lightning God, many of the clans belonging to the Front Line Alliance were remaining on stage.

Of course, the majority of the clans that brought all their members in greed couldn’t avoid defeat, but in cases like the Demon Dragon clan which were mainly comprised of close-combat personnel, they easily gained victory by bringing only their elites with advanced weapons.

On the other hand, the Magia clan and the Metal Knights clan seemed to ride it out alone from quite a while back, and this time, they had picked out their elites and joined together to show a perfectly balanced party. Whether it was Carina Malatesta or Michael Smithson, they had grown completely differently from the Kantou battle.

“Hey, don’t you think Smithson and Malatesta have something going on between them?”

So, he was curious. What was it that occurred between the two clan masters!

[You sound like you talked a lot behind other people’s back in your highschool.] (Erta) “I think you’re mistaken. Because, the only time I opened my mouth was during register/roll-call, music period and lunch.” [I’m sorry! I’ll talk a lot with you from now on!] (Erta) “Nah, it’s alright. It’s my fault for not having any friends. Yes, I have no qualifications to talk behind other people’s back.” [Aawawaa, what do I do. I stepped on a huge landmine!] (Erta) “If that much is a landmine, my heart is a DMZ. Don’t worry about it so much.” [It makes me even more worried instead!] (Erta)

Erta blamed herself for her carelessness! Meanwhile, Liera, who becoming interested in other people’s love affairs after being blessed by the God of Love, judged quickly after looking at the man and woman standing next to each other.

[Ahaa… the woman seems to have taken an interest to the man, but her feelings are not being reciprocated. I can see he’s thinking about another woman.] (Liera) [From what I see, the woman is much better in both looks and ability, but how? Normally, the man would be the one clinging to the woman.] (Spiera)

Asked Spiera who returned after acting as one of the judges in the selection, when Liera replied back.

[True love does not have any relationship with such material things, idiot.] (Liera) [Really? Liera really does know a lot about love. I knew you were different since you were blessed by t#$%^.] (Spiera)

The 2nd super-mini war of angels was triggered. Yu IlHan, who had succeeded in putting away his high school trauma, proceeded to take out a clean wok from his inventory.

“I’m hungry so let’s eat.” [To think you’d think of eating in this situation… amazing……] (Erta)

Yu IlHan took out a small scale furnace, and started a fire with Blaze and placed the wok on top of the set up. When he started stir-frying dragon meat with dragon-fat rendered oil, everyone’s gazes fixed on him whether it was from inside or outside the stage.

[I’m really frustrated that it smells good!] (Erta) “Looks tasty.”

He took out the rice from the vacuum packed plastic bag in his inventory, and added various vegetables and sauce.

He added a little salt, and once he added the special dragon sauce, made by mixing Breath purified of poison by Na YuNa, and oyster sauce. It was the perfect dragon stir-fried rice.

[To think I’d see someone cooking on top of the selection stage in my life……] (Spiera) [I’m hungry now that I fought too. IlHan, gimme some too.] (Liera)

Even Spiera was shocked as she was fighting with LIera. Meanwhile, the other participants who were staving their hunger off with preserved foods, were only making gulping sounds.

“Food cooked by Susanoo…..” “Don’t even dream about it. We might end up getting cooked ourselves.” “Dammit, order some pizza! They should know the location if we say it’s the selection stage!”

Yu IlHan put away the helmet as he had no need for hiding and gathered the group and ate the freshly cooked stir-fried rice. Kang HaJin, Na YuNa, and Kang MiRae also came after mercilessly throwing away their clan members.

“Delish!” “Whoa? It really is tasty! Just what can’t you do!?” “Conversation, so please eat quietly.” “……”

Kang HaJin obediently ate the food after hearing Yu IlHan’s honest words. Of course, Yumir was an exception.

“Dad, I want more! I think I might level up after one more.” “Yes, yes. Mir should grow up a lot by eating a lot of food.” “……He levels up by eating?”

Eating with many people like this was a joy he couldn’t experience in his dropout period! Thinking about how participating in the annoying Battle of Competition was all to preserve this joy, he automatically brimmed with power.

After that, Yu IlHan had to cook two more batches in order to fill everyone’s stomachs.

A painful-for-some and joyful-for-some period of wait had finally ended, and it was finally time to head to a higher world. Some, resolved themselves while heading there, and some wished to become as famous as Susanoo through this.

Even when they had different thoughts, their objective as they entered the gate in the center of the stage was all the same: to bring back advanced Traps of Destruction to Earth by getting good results in the Competition!

[Oh, Lu Füera. I haven’t been here for a while.] (Liera) [It’s the first time for me. I never took care of this side.] (Erta) “Wao…..!”

The place they had arrived at after entering the gate, was a huge place that even Yu IlHan, who had been to three other worlds, Dareu, Kiroa and Ferata, was dumbfounded.

“So hot…..!” “No, it’s burning! Dammit, isn’t there any water-class mages here?”

As everything, including grass, trees, flowers, insects, and even the sun was more than 10 times larger than those of Earth, as a result, the environment was very very hot. Of course, Yu IlHan, who received the Hero of Fire title, wasn’t that affected by such heat….. but how could any life-forms grow here?

[They should be lifeforms that live in this world as they are in front of you, right?] (Liera) “Can I take a little?” [And you think you can?] (Liera)

Yu IlHan’s eyes shined. It was a ‘I-know-it-even-without-you-telling-me’ attack. Liera was defeated in 3 seconds.

[…..Of course, you can. It’s IlHan’s request. I’ll take responsibility so take only a little, okay?] (Liera) [Never!] (Erta) [Seems like I should step up now.] (Spiera)

Liera and Erta looked quite relaxed, but Spiera, who was acting as a judge on Earth, was different.

After checking that the thousand participants had safely crossed over to Lu Füera, she ordered the angels who were awaiting them in this place and spoke to Yu IlHan.

[I will become one of the judges from now until the tournament ends. Yu IlHan, Earth’s first battle will start soon so don’t relax. ……Although, I don’t even need to say that.] (Spiera) “Yup, don’t worry.”

Spiera did not say anything about how he secretly tried to pull out some of the grass here, and nodded. She flew away with a smile, and the participants were lead by the angels to one of the arenas for the battle in this wide world.

[The protective membrane will be generated the moment you cross this line. You will be summoned back to Earth the moment the membrane breaks, and even attacks from allies will damage it so please be careful. Also, you need to maintain that membrane until the end of the tournament once it’s generated. Please do not break the protective membranes outside of battle.] “Does the shield’s energy recover?” [It recovers over time. If you have received near critical damage, it’s the basics to step back and regroup yourself.]

The angels stepped back after the basic introduction, leaving behind words to enter within 10 minutes as the battle would start then.

“Once we cross this line……” “Traps of Destruction. The world I went to experienced a wave of 3rd class monsters due to the lack of advanced Traps of Destruction……! I shall definitely protect Earth!”

When the people stood on the borderline that faintly flowed without any devices, they all sighed in nervousness. It was natural for their steps to be heavy as they were shouldering the fate of Earth. They could only be careful even in their light movements.

However, loners always shouted ‘yes’ when others said ‘no’!

Yu IlHan didn’t even imagine that everyone else was being nervous and he crossed over. Yumir and the other subordinates followed his line.

“Wao!”

Na YuNa spat out her unique exclamation due to the lack of his hesitation. Then, she looked at Kang MIRae.

“Let’s goo too, MiRae!” “……Sure.”

Kang MiRae nodded and crossed the line. When she did, a higher class magic covered his body. With the resolve that she would acquire this kind of magic as hers one day, she raised her head.

The battle started. Earth won within 7 minutes.

The 3 battles after that ended in the same fashion. Earth was now in the finals.



Chapter 145

Yu IlHan decided to hold back and avoid acting too grandly, even though he believed that he was substantially stronger than the people around him. He genuinely wanted the people of Earth to surpass him some day, however, it almost seemed like that day would never arrive. The gap was simply too wide.

As such, he was worried that they would lose their passion to become stronger if he acted in an overbearing fashion.

“That must never happen! I would be annoyed to death if they left everything to me.”

[You looked cool before you said that. But now… you look a little pathetic.] (Liera)

If it was before, he would have let his subordinates rampage around in his stead, but after going to an Abandoned World, even the lowest levelled one was the elven thief Phiria at level 123.

As they suffered for about three years in harsh conditions, their already exceptional skill levels became even higher, and as their equipments had undergone refurbishment under Yu IlHan’s hands, their level of equipment was almost peerless.

As such, Yu IlHan ordered his subordinates to hold back. The best was pretending to fight after charging to the enemy with the allies. They would cooperate on a low level, and help out if anyone seemed to be in danger, while cleaning up the proactive enemies. He thought that just that would help out a lot.

The only problem was that they easily obliterated half of enemy forces even while holding back.

“Eeei! Are the humans of Earth monsters!”

“Don’t fight them! One of us was ejected with a single kick just now!”

Yu IlHan and co were a typhoon that travelled at slow speeds; it was alright if they didn’t approach, but once they were caught up, it would be the end for them!

Even after all that, it wasn’t so easy to attack the other people of Earth. Not to mention the members of the Lightning God Clan, the people of Earth that had been strengthened after the many chaotic battles on Earth also fought back desperately.

“I’m sick and tired of Dungeon Waves!”

“I will become the hero of Earth!”

While Yu IlHan and co were shooting a one sided cosmic-massacre horror film on one side, the other people were shooting a war drama. Endless tears filled with both blood and sweat flooded the land, while shouts filled the air.

“We’ll break through the center now!”

“Uoooh!”

Kang MiRae, who had leaped levels in the Abandoned World was leading them. Nothing could stop her lightning, and the magic that she had casted over a long time with Na YuNa’s buff, had enough power to blast a hole through the enemy forces.

“Insane……”

“How are we supposed to win this! Why is there so much of a difference? our world has also developed over 200 years after the first Great Cataclysm!”

The opponents lost their morale in front of her lightning. Of course, it wasn’t like there were no superhuman people that were especially stronger than others, but even those superhumans were cleaned up by Kang MiRae with Na YuNa’s buff.

As such, the result of the competition was not even worth mentioning about.

[Earth, Junior tournament top 4. 419 personnel remaining.]

The weaker participants from Earth were mercilessly ejected, and as a result, the final number of people remaining was 419. Only the elites amongst elites of Earth remained. Excluding Yu IlHan’s group, Kang MiRae, and Na YuNa, their average level was well over 90!

“We did it, top 4!”

“Can we really acquire advanced Traps of Destructions?”

“Dammit…… We actually did it!”

The heroes that succeeded in bringing Earth to solid grounds, hugged each other and cried while patting each other’s shoulders. How hard of a time did they have due to the hardcore waves on Earth? But now, they could finally, through their own power, make Earth safer!

“It’s not the end. Although we’re in the top 4 for the Junior Tournament, we still have to fight against the Senior teams so we’re top 8!”

“Yes, we must continue higher and higher!”

The people of Earth burned with passion. Yu IlHan watched that and thought that it was good that he restrained from doing too much. They weren’t weak people who were protected by others, but warriors that pioneered their own future with their own power!

Yu IlHan lightly clapped for them. And he confirmed with Spiera in a small enough voice so that they couldn’t hear him. She had just finishing the battle of Earth, and had come back to Yu IlHan.

“But even so, they’d be obliterated against the senior teams, right?”

Arrogance was simply being prideful while reality remained as such. Spiera lightly smiled and replied to Yu IlHan’s rational judgement.

[Isn’t that natural? Their lowest level is 130. Any more than this is breaking the rules so I can’t tell you anything else.] (Spiera)

Ferata definitely did indeed have an overwhelming power with overflowing numbers of 3rd class armies and 5 4th class personnel.

However, that didn’t imply that other worlds were weak like Earth. The worlds that were about to undergo their 3rd Great Cataclysms, had power that were at least half of the forces of Ferata, or more.

Thinking about the senior tournament, something tugged his mind and he asked Spiera.

“I’ll ask this just in case, but what happened to Ferata?”

[They lost. The surviving nobles and knights of the imperial capital did not participate at all, and although there was the forces of countryside nobles and forces from small countries….. they did not reach the top 4 in the end.] (Spiera)

“They didn’t participate at all……”

Well, half of them had just reached 3rd class, while the other half was still in the beginning stages, but if it was their cooperative power they showed that day, it wouldn’t have been impossible for them to reach 4th place. However, the situation of the empire wouldn’t have allowed that.

Thinking about the regrets and tears they showed that day, a slight sense of guilt flashed by his heart. However, he thought that this wasn’t even funny. Like how the survivors had no right to resent Yu IlHan, he too had no right to regret what he did back then, especially with the conviction that he held then.

He would have acted the same way even if a similar situation occurred again. As such, he decided to stop thinking about Ferata here.

There were 3 hours of rest until the finals. Yu IlHan called the group and fed them with dragon meat fries and wolf meat fries and declared.

“I think we should be more proactive from the next fight.”

“What about the ‘people’s growth’?”

Was Ericia’s question. Yu IlHan nodded, saying it was a great question, before replying.

“Did I say that I wouldn’t interfere for the Growth and free will of the people?”

“You did.”

“I lied.”

“Wao, commando!2”

Strictly speaking, it wasn’t really a lie. To be exact, he had no intention to act passively until the very end. He thought that this was around the limit for the current people of Earth. And that was after factoring in Kang MiRae and Na YuNa’s overwhelming power.

“Since they fought up to here, they should have grown plenty already. Rather than that, it’s more important that I get less work due to less Dungeon Breaks.”

If Earth was endangered even after he made the people strong and independent, there would be no point! Yu IlHan’s judgement was reasonable.

“Above all, the next guys are out of their leagues. The opponents are at least level 130 so even you guys would be kicked out if you get careless. Groups of monsters without intelligence and people who received special training are completely different in quality.

Even if they wanted to relax a little as they were confidence because they had annihilated an entire world, they couldn’t forgo Yu IlHan’s words as he had fought against much stronger enemies in Dareu, alone.

Moreover, didn’t he even obliterate half an army of enhanced humanity in another world? Judging by experience alone, there was no one who could retort to him. As such, they could only nod in seriousness.

“We know thaaat. The Abandoned World we went to had also experienced its 3rd Great Cataclysm. Of course, humanity was extinct there! Oh, this is too delishhh. Mr. IlHan, marry me!”

Even though it was Yu IlHan’s subordinates he was talking to, Na YuNa replied instead. And here he thought about why he could hear ‘wao!’s from awhile back…. Moreover, a dragon meat fry was in her mouth.

Yu IlHan mercilessly smacked her on the forehead.

“Ouch.”

“Don’t steal my kids’ food and go away.”

“Yes, Na YuNa, go away.”

Kang MiRae ate the fry that she received from Yumir and added more fuel to the fire. Yu IlHan looked at his son Yumir with a complex gaze as it was obvious that it was him who called the two girls here, before sighing and nodding.

“……There’s a lot of meat so eat comfortably.”

“Yesss!”

“Sorry for inconvenience you all the time.”

“I’ll pack some for the gulping ones over there so give it to them too. People might think that the clan master doesn’t even give them salary.”

It was a strange scene of the father’s communication skills increasing thanks to the son. The person in question, Yumir, though, seemed to be clueless. He was only eating joyfully with the others. It was the figure of a social butterfly that Yu IlHan dreamed of in his childhood!

“Dad, more!”

“…..Yes, eat a lot more. You are the only hope of the Yu family.”

Then what of Yu IlHan’s father, Yu YongHan? Yes. In fact, he was also a perfect loner that made him wonder how his mother succeeded in marrying him. Although he had no passive concealment skill!

The opponent for the quarter finals were revealed. It was a world called ‘Snuë’ in which 1,300 years had passed since their last Great Cataclysm! It was also a world that was nearing its 3rd Great Cataclysm.

The lucky two of the top 4 Junior teams seemed to have gotten each other as opponents… but Earth and another unknown world had gotten Senior teams as their opponents.

“Dammit…..”

“Although we thought that we wouldn’t have it easy, but did it still have to come to this…..!”

“How are the matches decided? Call the manager here!”

After their opponent was decided, some of the people sighed in rage, some somehow looked relieved, while some despaired and gave up, and some burned in passion. There could be so many different reactions to the same situation? Yu IlHan watched that scene as he bit on an apple for the dessert.

“Humans sure are interesting.”

[I knew you’d say that.] (Liera)

Unlike the preliminaries that took place in one stage, the finals had different environment for each match. However, that didn’t require the team to walk half the world.

Instead, the world matched their teams.

[Amazing, isn’t it? This is God’s power.] (Liera)

“It definitely is amazing. Really, quite absurd.”

A higher world, Lu Füera could change the environment, compress distance, expand space, put a target inside a barrier, and do a lot of other things according to the wills of the angels who governed the world! Anything was possible as long as it was not changing day into night.

“Angel-nims are so powerful!”

“Heaven’s Army, amazing.”

In the process of preparing for the finals, Yu IlHan and the other humans could see for themselves, the power of higher existences. He finally knew why Spiera was so confident.

“Liera, you came back alive from an environment like this?”

[You mean beyond the Wall of Chaos, right? That place isn’t as bad as there. It was the moment of proof that those perverse seeds are way inferior to God’s power! Right! So you too, IlHan, become an angel without hesitation!] (Liera)

[We welcome new angels at any time. Since we are clashing with other groups more than before, we are lacking in manpower…..] (Erta)

Now, even Erta was proactively advertising angels. Yu IlHan annoyedly pushed them away and confirmed the changed environment.

What first came to his eyes was that the lands were changing endlessly. When he looked down, they were on a giant platform, and it was flying through the air.

Oh, yes. This could be considered ‘in the air’.

[As worlds go through its 2nd and 3rd Great Cataclysms, the environment becomes more varied and more extreme. This competition is also a type of training grounds to train humans adapt to the new environments faster by making them experience such things beforehand.] (Erta)

The 419 people of Earth were getting onto different platforms each. Those platforms were nearing and distancing from each other in a range that wouldn’t make them clash, as it moved according to the air flow.

With opportune timing, even 7 year-olds could hop onto another platform, so there would be no cases of not being able to battle due to not being able to cross to other platforms.

If there was a problem, it was that there were people of other worlds in the same type of platform.

“So it’s not a many vs many battle but a numerous few vs few battles.”

The other side also seemed to have seen Yu IlHan and the other people of Earth, as they were glaring on this side. However, as the battle hadn’t begun, the ones who attacked now would be ejected.

[10 seconds until battle.]

An angel that was a judge like Spiera shot to the skies and shouted so that everyone could hear.

[8 seconds.]

Yu IlHan checked his surroundings. The other participants were clenching their teeth after confirming that the participants of Snuë were much stronger than them. It felt like morale was an all time low even before the battle.

[4 seconds.]

“Tch.”

Yu IlHan clicked his tongue. He didn’t like them giving up without even trying.

However, separate from that, he didn’t feel so good as he could foresee that they would have dejected looks back on Earth even though they had made a great achievement.

[2 seconds.]

Yu IlHan hated arrogance, but he thought that a certain amount of self-confidence was not bad. Acknowledging one’s own value was very a important part of making progress.

[Battle start.]

As such, it wouldn’t be so bad to heighten the morale of humans. Well, if they still thought that Yu IlHan belonged to ‘humanity’ that is.

“It can’t help it.”

Yu IlHan stepped forward. That, was the signal that switched his state of mind, and also a type of self-hypnotism that made him think he would be able to use his own abilities better.

“Kuhak!? What the hell are all these!”

“Throwing spears!? Just where are they falling from…… Eek, block all of them!”

Hundreds of throwing spears fell down with frightening speed in the air and attacked the Snuëans.

However, unlike the grand show, the attacks weren’t that effective. The opponent were not simple minded monsters, but 3rd class beings that grew up through numerous years of torment. And these people were strong enough to make it to the finals of the tournament!

Of course, as Yu IlHan’s spears were too fast, and very sudden, it wasn’t like there were no defeated enemies. The problem was that the spears were only a feint to hide his real attack.

As they were moving around in order to block the rain of spears, their battle formations instantly crumbled apart, and as they were too focused in the sky, there lots of openings. What Yu IlHan aimed for was those openings!

“Kahak!”

Yu IlHan swept the group after flying towards them with the wings at absurd speeds.

This place was not an Abandoned World, nor were the opponents dragons, as such, he did not receive any blessing or buff of the sort, but despite that, all opponents he attacked lost their shields in a single strike and were ejected to their own worlds.

“Kuhak!?”

“Just who…”

And a few seconds after that. Another battlefield seemed to have become a mess before calming down again. It repeated again in a few seconds in a different place, again and again. The ones watching had lost their spirits whether it was the opponents or allies, but unfortunately, that was not the end.

“Everyone charge.”

“Charge, charge!”

“We should at least defeat half what His Majesty defeats!”

Yu IlHan’s subordinates joyfully rampaged around as soon as he gave the order. Paté’s arrows were especially strong and even those higher levelled than him had a hard time blocking, and he achieved the highest rate. He did his job for getting an epic-ranked weapon!

The battle ended 15 minutes after that. The result was undeniably Earth’s victory. If the battlefield was narrower, it would have been over in half that time.

In that short amount of time, over 300 people of Earth retired and showed that a world nearing its 3rd Great Cataclysm was indeed very strong, but the people that returned to Earth were full of admiration and faith instead of despair for their own lack of power.

Admiration for the Deathgod of the battlefield that made the gap between them and the Snuëans pale in comparison!



Chapter 146

Although a disaster of 300 out of the 419 people being ejected had occurred, there was no need for them to be dejected by the difference in power between them and the participants in the senior tournament. It did not matter if it was them or the opponents, they were insignificant existences compared to Yu IlHan.

“And I actually tried to compete against him…”

“Dammit……!”

“I should’ve known from the time he easily wiped out the wolves of Kiroa. But one day I’ll……!”

Of course, there were some who didn’t like Yu IlHan’s actions. The ones that resolved themselves to surpass him one day, and people who didn’t like him from the beginning like Michael Smithson was in this category, but Yu IlHan didn’t think that it was such a bad thing.

The tears of the weak and the unrelenting resolve. That, would make their growth speed up. In any case, Yu IlHan would welcome anything if it would make the people of Earth stronger.

And in the semi-finals after that, Yu IlHan went a step further. Against 84 3rd classes and two 4th classes, he, with a scarlet-burning whip, took charge of a 4th class and fought on equal footing!

Flemir, who also had now met an opponent, also rampaged to his heart’s content with Yu IlHan’s permission.

“H, how is this a Junior…..!”

“You deceived me angeeel!”

“That’s a monster, dammit!”

“Yes, I’m the proud leader of the Royal Guardians of the wolfkin race blessed by the moon, Flemir!”

All of the 4th classes participating in the competition were agile and strong, but Yu IlHan and Flemir were even more so.

Thanks to the options attached to Ruin Calling, his Superhuman strength raised his stats to levels not inferior to 4th classes! Yu IlHan’s figure shooting shockwaves everywhere while shooting across the air and wipe the enemies out with his whip, was like a disaster.

“eeek, take care of the other Earthlings first!”

“Take care of that Lightning woman first!”

While the two 4th classes were put on their edges, the other 3rd classes reached the reasonable conclusion that they had to take care of Kang MiRae, who was using the most dangerous magic here, first, but unfortunately, they were ejected after being shot by the absurd number of wind bullets.

“Mir is so OP!”

“Yes, dad also called me OP!”

Na YuNa was now able to use even stronger blessing magic, incomparable to other priests/priestesses, after becoming 3rd class and receiving even stronger blessing from the Goddess of Beauty! Plus, Yumir who was shooting wind magic with her buff! The wind bullets polished in real combat, had already surpassed the capabilities of 3rd classes whether it was speed, destructiveness, or accuracy.

“Attack, now!”

“Now! Everyone charge!”

When he gained time like that, Kang MiRae’s wide range magic would wipe the 3rd classes into the ground, and the remaining members would just kick them to eject them from the field. It was a perfect combo.

Of course, as there were a lot of enemies, there was no way Yu IlHan and his group could take care of everyone, and most of the surviving people of Earth were ejected in this round. The remaining only amounted to 43. Yu IlHan’s group, and the core members of the Lightning God clan, and some of the clan masters and their elites.

However, everyone other than Yu IlHan’s group knew that their turn was over. Their turn was over since the preliminaries were over. As they had gone through many messy battlefields to reach here, they had grown a lot and they could now at least differentiate courage and overconfidence.

“He’s out-classed. I’m embarrassed that I tried to put him on the same line as me.”

“Even though some were ejected right in front of my eyes, I couldn’t even see how they were attacked…….”

“However, since I came all the way here, I’ll watch until the end. I think that is the respect I can give to the Deathgod fighting for the fate of Earth.”

Of course, Yu IlHan’s group were also surprised. Yu IlHan was pleasantly surprised at the increased abilities of his subordinates and Kang MiRae, but they, were shocked at the destructive growth of Yu IlHan that still left them behind in the dust.

“I think I’m scared of him even without his concealment.”

“When did he learn the whip?”

“Just when I thought I caught up, he takes a step further……”

“Is that about MiRae’s unrequited looove?”

“No!”

Meanwhile, Yumir, who, like a dragon, admired power, was excited after seeing Yu IlHan’s speedy fight using Ruin Calling.

“Dad, how can you fly so fast?”

“Mir is a dragon that wields wind, so you would be able to fly faster than dad if you acquire your 4th class. However, it’s more important to adapt to fight even in that fast speed.”

“I’m going to train hard!”

“Yes, yes. Well done my son.”

It was unknown when Yu IlHan’s son would reach 4th class, but he thought that it wouldn’t be so bad to let him train before that.

“Can I become strong like dad if I put in effort?”

“Of course, although, dad will have become even stronger by then.”

“Dad is so cool!”

Although Mir hadn’t grown over countless years like other dragons, if he used his biggest talents, wind magic and concealment, well, it might be the birth of an unprecedented dragon. Of course, as the rider, Yu IlHan would also receive similar benefits.

‘Oh, now that I think about it, there’s something I can use right now.’

As there was the skill, Dragon-man resonance, not to mention 10% increase in all abilities while fighting together, he could now also use Dragonic blood now that Mir had acquired 3rd class.

The skill that amplifies the power of other active skill by using them together! From then on, he thought about which skill to enhance in order to be praised

“Kuhak!”

At that time, something shattered the atmosphere of the people of Earth. Some people suddenly used their skills at their own hearts. Naturally, the shield was broken, and they were ejected. The problem was that this was not the end.

“What the hell are you doing!”

“I’m also retiring here. You stay here until the end with them. I’ll cheer you on.”

“It’s good that the Deathgod is here with us. We’ll go back to Earth first.”

While shock was spreading between the people of Earth, two more retired on their own volition. As there were only 40 or so people left, the gap felt like it suddenly got bigger.

“What the hell just happened?”

“Don’t tell me they were done in by some mental attack magic before?”

“Priests, where are the priests!”

Yu IlHan momentarily thought that his actions were too big and may have made the people of Earth feel very insignificant, but he managed to remember that all the people that just retired belonged to the same clan.

Then, there was something that came to his mind.

“What just happened?”

“Nothing at aaall. Other than the fact that our opponent in the finals is a world called Kenatoo, and it seemed like they are going to meet their 4th Great Cataclysm soon. Perhaps they were scared?”

Answered Na YuNa, who was tickling Mir. However, that was enough. Yu IlHan found this absurd and sighed.

“There was no need for them to do that.”

“Eh? Did you figure something out from my wooords?”

“I think Miss Na YuNa also knows.”

Answered Yu IlHan before standing up. He patted Yumir who was looking at him worriedly, twice, and opened his mouth in the center of the people of Earth.

“The ones that just returned to Earth now,”

All the people focused their attentions on him.

“were ejected by the opponents in our previous round. Everyone, please take it that way. Even if the participants of Kenatoo speak to you in ‘English’ or other ‘languages of Earth’, you can just ignore them.”

“How…..? Oh.”

Someone was about to ask back when it looked like he just realized what was happening.

“So that’s it. That’s why they retired on their own.”

“What? What is it?”

“Our opponents are from a world called ‘Kenatoo’. The ones that disappeared just now are most probably a clan that was formed by the ones that went to that world. This is also why he said they may speak to us in English.”

“Oh.”

If so, it was deducible that they wouldn’t be able to fight for the Traps of Destruction with the world they were acquainted with. For Earth, they had to attack regardless of any acquaintance, but for the clan members that grew thanks to their help, that wouldn’t have been an easy decision.

Yu IlHan, who specialized in thinking negatively, thought that there may be some other reason, but he didn’t say it out loud.

In any case, they chose to give up as they didn’t want to clash, and now. None of the participants of Earth had any connections with Kenatoo. What remained now was to fight to the best of their ability, just that.

The field for the finals was solely composed of ice. As it was too cold, 2nd classes found it hard to endure for a long time, and it was also unknown when and where a crevasse may appear, so it was a thrilling environment.

In such a field, did the people of Earth and the people of Kenatoo, met. As the forces on other side were very small compared to the preliminaries, the field was also reduced accordingly.

“What’s this? Twenty of them?”

“But they look stronger than the ones we met last time…….”

“How many of them are 4th classes? Shit, I never saw a 4th class in a world I went to……!”

The people of Earth numbered just over 40, but the opponents numbered even less. Well, the Senior tournament would have been battles between similarly high-levelled people, so it was not unreasonable. In fact, it was surprising that there were so many strong people remaining in the finals.

“Did the ‘Burning Flag’ clan die out?”

However, before the battle began, one of the people of Kenatoo, spoke to them in English. Well, now they didn’t even need to ask who belonged to the ‘Burning Flag’ clan.

Yu IlHan and the others’ predictions were correct. Kang MiRae spoke as the representative.

“Yes, they fought well, but they were all ejected.”

“Understood. Thanks for your kind answers.”

After he spoke in very bad English, he turned back and muttered in a language in their own world.

“Useless trash. Earth had come to the finals but they aren’t even in the members.”

“There are angels here.”

When someone else immediately said that, he immediately shut his mouth, but leaving aside angels, Yu IlHan, a master of the Language skill, understood it all.

They were useless because none of the members in the finals were not them? So they would have been of use if they were? In other words, this meant that they required something of the people that retired on their own.

And that ‘something’ would probably be…

“Hah……”

Sighed Yu IlHan. It would have been good for his worries to just end as worries, but annoyingly, they always came true.

The people who heard his sigh looked at him, but Yu IlHan was no longer in that place.

Well, it looked like he wasn’t there.

[Your concealment level is insane.] (Erta)

“It’s thanks to Mir.”

The title ‘Big and wide shadow’ Mir had acquired in the Abandoned World, and the characteristics of a Dragon rider enhanced Yu IlHan’s concealment skill by a step.

Yu IlHan took out his Eight-tailed dragon spear in that state, and activated Superhuman strength skill and lowered his body posture. The wings on his back extended outwards with a small sound of cutting through the air.

[10 seconds until battle.]

The countdown began. The people of Earth also poised themselves in fear of getting ejected instantly, and the people of Kenatoo, who weren’t aware of Yu IlHan’s existence at all, also poised themselves and went on guard against the people other than Yu IlHan.

[9 seconds.]

[Kuaoooh!]

Crunching sounds could be heard as he gripped on the spear tightly. Orochi, who loved battle and destruction, received Yu IlHan’s intentions and roared in delight.

[8 seconds.]

Yu IlHan activated one of the options on the Eight-tailed dragon spear. The spear tip separated into eight and now he could attack eight people at once, this option wasn’t one that he used normally.

[7 seconds.]

However, the form that could be seen now was slightly different from what it would be usually. The eight branches coiled around and extended endlessly! Although the spear was already very big and long, its current form was even more so.

[5 seconds.]

5 meters, 8 meters, and 10 meters! The coiled blade looked very dangerous as it had blades pointing to many directions, but they were delicately thin as well. However, Yu IlHan didn’t worry about that.

“You won’t break against these weaklings right?”

[Kruoooh!]

[4 seconds.]

Orochi roared, intending to say that he didn’t need to be looked down upon. Yu IlHan just smiled and added one last thing.

‘Dragonic blood.’

Muttered he in his heart, when his entire body started boiling. The violent power of the dragons possessed by Yumir was now being imbued into him! Whatever skill he was about to use, it would be incomparable to before he obtained this power!

[3 seconds.]

In that state, Yu IlHan activated the purple flames attached to the Eight-tailed dragon spear. Purple colored flames covered the coiled spear that was over 8 meters long.

However, even that wasn’t the end. When Yu IlHan flapped his wings, it seemed to emit bright light, before a flicker of golden flame broke off it and fused with the purple flames on the Eight-tailed dragon spear!

[2 seconds.]

Yes, although even Yu IlHan himself didn’t know, the alpha option on Ruin Calling, ‘the ability to freely absorb and emit flames’. could also absorb the Eternal Flame in his workshop!

Yu IlHan immediately moved its home from the workshop into his wings the moment he realized that. What Yu IlHan took from the workshop apart from making Yumir’s armor, was the Eternal Flame.

[1 second.]

The Eternal Flame, which had only shown its productive capabilities until now, was now able to rampage around in the front lines.

Although it’s attacking capabilities were slightly lacking with just Yu IlHan’s control over the flame, if it was fused with the purple flames of the Eight-tailed dragon spear, and the bloodflames of the Black dragon whip, it was possible to raise the flame beyond the highest possible output. Simply put, the Eternal Flame was the highest level flame buff!

‘Blaze.’

And the ability that supported the Eternal Flame and flashed the brightest, was none other than Yu IlHan’s class skill Blaze, that was enhanced thanks to the power of Dragonic Blood!

Blaze, which activated after the purple flames, Eternal Flame, and Dragonic blood were activated, covered the spear head of the Eight-tailed dragon spear and shined in white. If not for Yu IlHan’s concealment, no one on the battlefield would be able to open their eyes properly.

Yu IlHan’s mana consumption was crazy, but he had the confidence to finish everything before his mana was depleted.

[Battle start.]

“Hup.”

The moment angel decreed the commence of the final battle, Yu IlHan hurled out a shockwave towards the back and leaped, and re-leaped three times. Before the blink of an eye, he arrived in the enemy territory.

[Critical Hit!]

[The skill, Superhuman strength, has become level 66. The limits of muscle enhancement become even higher.]

With that, he swung his spear horizontally to eject seven opponents at once. That was amazing enough, but what was more shocking was that his trajectory had all four of the 4th classes belonging to Kenatoo!

The 4th classes were ejected without even being able to use their strength properly.

“……What?”

He attacked mid-concealment, and did not kill. As such, his concealment should have been dispelled. However, it did not.

To be exact, it was activated the instant it was dispelled.

“Kahk!”

“Kuak!”

The reason was simple. The moment he finished his attack, he used shockwave+leap to move faster than anyone’s eyes could catch up!

Even if concealment was dispelled, if the enemies cannot catch a glimpse of him, there was no meaning. The title of Pancosmic Loner, covered him with concealment the moment he escaped the views of other people.

“What on Earth…” 1

“Eek, you just now!”

The remaining people of Kenatoo were ejected without being able to even say anything. Crevice? Icy environments? They couldn’t tie Yu IlHan down for even 0.01 second. Repeatedly using shockwave and leaps in mid-air, he accelerated and changed directions fast and wiped out the enemy.

Eight-tailed dragon spear, and the not-inferior Ruin Calling ripped apart the enemies. If they did not have the shield of higher existences, the actual scene might have been quite gory and horrible.

“What the hell is that……”

“Ha, Haha…..”

The people of Earth became speechless after seeing the participants of a senior tournament, and ones that were about to meet their 4th Great Cataclysm even, were being cleaned out like insignificant specks of dust.

And even that wasn’t his all. He wasn’t raining spears from the skies right now!

“What do we do now?”

Someone belonging to the Earth side, asked Kang MiRae. They had no confidence in joining a battle of a completely different dimension like that. They just had the hope that maybe the clan master of the Lightning God may have something.

“We,”

Kang MiRae had a look at the enemy side that was half-obliterated in under a minute. As her abilities lay in magic, it was near impossible for her to catch a glimpse of Yu IlHan’s figure.

But somehow, she felt that she could see him. The smile that appeared on her face, was enough to deduce that she was a late-stage unrequited love patient.

“just need to smile, is what I think.”

The battle was over.

The final battle that ended the quickest among all Battle of Competitions until now, set a record of a world in its 1st Great Cataclysm wiping out a world that was about to undergo its 4th Great Cataclysm, within just one minute and 30 seconds, unprecedented, and un-post-cedented. Also, the battle was talked about a lot between the angels later on.



Chapter 147

Yu IlHan and the other participants from Earth returned immediately after the Battle of Competition ended. As the tournament itself was rather short, not many days had passed, and contrary to Yu IlHan’s fear of the Great Cataclysm occurring and chaos ensuing, Earth was relatively peaceful.

In fact, there was a parade to welcome the Deathgod and his subordinates who came back with a landslide victory from the tournament! It would also have been fine for them to hunt some monsters in the dungeon!

Yu IlHan ignored all that cheering and clapping and tilted his head.

“That’s strange. Nothing like Miss Na YuNa’s kidnapping or wars between Transcendent factions has happened. That’s strange. It’s very strange.”

[If everything happened as you expected, then we wouldn’t even be alive right now!] (Erta)

Even though he had moved after confirming that Na YuNa had passed through the gate connecting to Earth, he was slightly disappointed that nothing had happened at all.

“How kind. You always reject me but you like me, don’t you? Don’t youuu?”

“No, even if three suns rise from the south tomorrow, there would be nothing like that.”

“Wao, you’re being embarrassing!”

Na YuNa misunderstood his intent for nothing and her affinity rose! Yu IlHan pushed the annoying Na YuNa onto Kang MiRae and vaguely waved at the crowd that welcomed him.

His wave contained the hidden meaning that said ‘I appreciate your hospitality but I wish you’d all disappear since the population density is too dense here’, but unfortunately the people did not understand his intentions, and waved their hands even more frantically in response. Yu IlHan didn’t like that situation that made him feel awkward to death.

“This isn’t good. Mir, come here.”

“Ok.”

In the end, Yu IlHan ugged Yumir in his arm with a slight resolve. Yumir, with his 11-year old-figure body, accepted his hug without resistance.

The others looked like they were saying ‘why now?’ but Yu IlHan didn’t explain. Instead, he spoke to Flemir.

“Flemir, you did well. We won more easily thanks to you.”

“Not at all. I also realized a lot after looking at you fight. I feel like I found a path to become stronger.”

“I don’t think I’ll need to borrow your power anytime soon so go back to Kiroa as soon as you go back to Korea.”

“Uhh, sorry…..?”

Why say that now? The reason was very simple. Among the members here, only Flemir was the one he didn’t need to see back in Korea.

“Then I’ll take my leave first! Adieu!”

Yu IlHan extended his wings and leaped! He was several kilometers in the air in an instant, and used shockwave and leaped several times, thrusting himself even higher! With horizontal vectors on top of the vertical movement, no one could see him anymore. Yu IlHan meticulously deployed Leap as well.

[No way, the main character of this place ran away because he didn’t like people!]

[IlHan, wait for meee!] (Liera)

Liera shot up to follow him, while exclaiming certain things that made all the people left speechless. They could only stare at the sky absent-mindedly. Only Kang MiRae, who expected this to a certain instead worried about how to settle this place down with a bitter smile.

“Miraeee, you also think Mr. IlHan likes me, right?”

On the other hand, Na YuNa was speaking to Kang MiRae with a loose screw on her head, as if she was not thinking about anything, well, even though it could be that she wasn’t thinking about anything.

It seemed like Yu IlHan’s concern of her safety had struck her heart. Kang MiRae replied to her with a smile.

“Shut up, Na YuNa.”

“Wao!”

Yu IlHan, who set a world-record of reaching the apartment in Gangnam, Seoul, from New York in 15 minutes, first helped Yumir wash up. Liera, who caught up mid way and arrived together, tilted her head after looking at that.

[Why aren’t you washing up together?] (Liera)

“Because I’m gonna sweat in a while.”

[There’s still something you have to do?]

“Yup. As it had done some action this time, I’m going to give some food Orochi, while cleaning up the nearby dungeons. Actually…… I think something new is about to happen soon…..”

Replied Yu IlHan. Liera tilted her head in confusion, but exclaimed after the angel’s ring on top of her head began to shine.

[The Traps of Destruction that will be used on Earth… it seems like they plan to ask you to make that again.] (Liera)

“I knew that’d happen. If they aren’t planning to repeat the disaster from the 1st Great Cataclysm, they should do that.”

[But what if they ask you to make the ones that will be used in other worlds as well?] (Liera)

Yu IlHan looked at Liera with a weird gaze.

“Why should I do that!?”

[Well, you are better than the smiths from Heaven……] (Liera)

Liera was blushing in embarrassment even though she was saying that. Yu IlHan thought that he could let her off because she was cute. Moreover, if it was about making Traps of Destruction for other worlds…… there was something he wanted to test.

“Okay, just get me the materials. How long does it take?”

[There’s quite a lot. To go there now, submit the documents, have meetings, and rip as much materials as possible from the storage, it should take at least 13 hours.] (Liera)

“Okay, go then.”

[Ok, I’ll be back soon!] (Liera)

Liera tried to kiss Yu IlHan’s cheek as if it had already become a habit. Yu IlHan gave up trying to retort and obediently gave her his cheek. Liera kissed Yumir’s cheeks as well and disappeared from that place.

“The angel-noonas are busy.”

“Dad is also about to get busy, and quite a bit at that.”

Yu IlHan took out the Eight-tailed dragon spear from his inventory and let out a deep sigh. Although he didn’t hate Smithing work, creating Traps of Destruction used his mental power even more. Doing that in parallel to what he was bout to do, the difficulty would rise even more.

“Good, let’s start with a shout.”

[Kruoooh!]

“Okay, I got it. I’ll give you some food.”

Yumir watched Yu IlHan conversing with Orochi within the Eight-tailed dragon spear, and asked. His finger was pointing towards the Eight-tailed dragon spear.

“Is this guy alive?”

“Not quite. It’s a thought that split off from the monster. Although it’s not the soul itself, it is a fragment too. It might be that they are becoming unique existences by eating other life force and thoughts.”

“Dad is amazing.”

“This daddy is a Deathgod even though I don’t look like it.”

“Dad is so cool.”

Yumir’s admiration reached the extreme. Yu IlHan was proud since he didn’t need to show his bad side to his son. This could be said to be quite amazing considering that he was the father of a dragon. Yu IlHan acted quite proud.

“Then is this guy similar to the elf hyungs and noonas and Ericia-noona?”

Yumir’s words that weren’t thought out, pierced through Yu IlHan’s head.

“……What did you just say?”

“You said unique existences, so you aren’t ruling over it?”

“No, it isn’t quite like that, cooperation formed because what the Orochi and I are pursuing is quite simi…….”

He said that, when he felt something strange. He felt that his abilities as a Deathgod was resonating with the ability he had acquired by himself.

His heart pounded. He felt like he found a path that was open to him from the beginning, but felt like he couldn’t go there so easily.

[Kurururururu!]

Orochi cried, as if saying ‘you realized that just now?’.

Yu IlHan smiled in retort and activated the Rule skill without hesitation. He needed actions to confirm his feelings.

“You can’t reject now, right?”

[Kroaaar!]

Hmph, I can’t help it since I need to get my meals, or so was the nuance behind Orochi’s cry.

After that, the Rule skill activated successfully.

[The thought of Yamata no Orochi became your subordinate. The growth speed of the thought accelerates.]

[The skill, Soul enchant, receives affect from the Rule skill. The growth of the artifact accelerates if the soul enchanted thought is ruled.]

[The skill, Rule, has become level 56. It is possible to receive more subordinates.]

[The skill, Soul enchant, has become level 24. Suppressing and ruling thoughts of existences stronger than you, become easier.]

The moment the skill activated successfully and the bond between Yu IlHan and the Orochi became thicker, Yu IlHan shivered as mysterious and indescribable thrill and excitement shot through his body.

He felt like he finally found a path in which he should walk as a Deathgod. With this ability, he could do his work in an easier fashion!

How could he not realize until now, that the first step to becoming stronger is not learning advanced skills like the Comos-severing Spear, but finding a way to use his current abilities to the maximum and finding ways to apply that power.

And now, Yu IlHan was convinced that his first step could not be more successful.

“Mir, I love you.”

All of this was thanks to Mir. He was no different from a lump of luck.

“I also love dad!”

“Yes, yes.”

The father and son spun around like that. Well, until Erta, who arrived a little later than Liera, made a strange expression.

Yu IlHan really did wipe out all the dungeons in Seoul, to Korea, to Japan, to China, and even other nearby countries. Well, as they were dungeons in worlds that didn’t even undergo the 2nd Great Cataclysm, it was as easy as 3-minute microwave curry for Yu IlHan, as he was strengthened through experiencing Dareu, Kiroa, and Ferata.

[The taste really isn’t good.] (Orochi)

Perhaps due to the Rule skill itself, or perhaps its intelligence was enhanced due to the Rule skill, Orochi could finally transmit its will to Yu IlHan using human language.

Well, as Yu IlHan had the language skill, he could understand its words before, but conversing directly like this was a leap forward. Yu IlHan shrugged his shoulders and consoled it.

“I gave you most of the thoughts I got in Ferata. Be satisfied with quantity rather than quality for once. I should leave some to use for others.”

[Hmph, I will eat to my hearts content instead then.] (Orochi)

Although he felt this before, the thought from the Orochi which was about to bring disaster upon Japan, was quite cute unlike the original. Well, its current form would be closer to a completely different existence though.

Erta, who noticed that Yu IlHan had pioneered a new realm, asked him with sharp eyes.

[What happened in this short while? I think your spear became stronger.] (Erta)

“Secret.”

Although Yu IlHan’s spear could be safely said to be on the peak level, now that his emotions with Orochi were deepened, he could now wield the spear like he was handling the Eternal Flame.

Although he didn’t enjoy using the technique that split his spear into eight branches, his thought changed after using the power of Orochi for real.

Orochi butchered the weak mobs by swinging the eight branches, with more elegance and power than the time it had pressured Yu IlHan with its eight tails. That figure made Yu IlHan look more like a mage than a spearman.

It wasn’t that the absolute amount of his attack power had increased a lot. However, it was clear that his methods of attacking became more varied. That, in the end, would make Yu IlHan stronger!

Yu IlHan became even more thrilled and rampaged. The monsters that could just breathe now that the strong people of each country had left their countries for a while, were slaughtered without even being able to stretch themselves, and Orochi had a full meal.

However, he couldn’t do that refreshing workout forever. Just as he was about to go to the next ocean after cleaning up all the dungeons distributed over two continents and one ocean, Liera came back with her inventory full of materials for the Traps of Destruction.

[There are places where the Great Cataclysm just began! Let’s start, IlHan!] (Liera)

“Dammit, I planned to achieve level 60 for the Rule skill!”

Yu IlHan realized that the tools to create the Traps of Destruction were already inside his workshop. Angels… they worked quickly only at times like these.

“Good, good. Let’s see. Are the rewards plenty?”

He nodded with a satisfied smile and took of his armor before tying a headband for sweat absorption on his head with a cool pose, and confirmed about the rewards.

[First, there is one passive skill and 40 status points ready as rewards. This is the basic reward.] (Liera)

“That sounds a little lacking considering the enormous amount of labor. I’ll think about it if you add 100 bottles of advanced mana potions on top of the basic reward.”

Liera pondered for a little before looking towards Spiera. Spiera nodded.

[The angels believe in your ability. I’ll add another 50 bottles of advanced mana potions on top of what you just said.] (Spiera)

“Done deal.”

Yu IlHan accepted and unequipped Ruin Calling as well. Of course, he didn’t forget to extract the Eternal Flame in the wings into the furnace. Using the Eternal Flame was compulsory in making Traps of Destruction! It was the alpha and omega.

He did raise the Eternal Flame until now, and was now quite used to wielding it, so he would have an easier time making Traps of Destructions…… he thought until there when something else flashed in his mind.

“Wait, Eternal Flame is also a living being, isn’t it?”

[Didn’t we say so until now?] (Liera)

Liera tilted her head in confusion. This was nothing new. Yu IlHan said ‘right?’ and smirked.

There was a saying that ‘Regretting after is better than regretting for not doing it’. He thought that this was the time to do it.

‘Activate Rule skill.’

Eternal Flame expressed its will of submission as if it had waited for it. Their relationship was already close to a master-servant before!

However, what was the problem? That the league of Eternal Flame is much higher than himself? The Rule skill wasn’t successful and deactivated mid-way. He tried twice more, but it was no good.

[IlHan, don’t tell me you…?] (Liera)

[No way!] (Erta)

[No, IlHan already has the title, ‘Hero of Fire’. Moreover, his class is also related to fire too. His fire affinity and resistance is absurdly high right now, perhaps he……] (Liera)

It was no good right now! Then what did he need to do, how could he enhance the Rule skill? Superhuman strength was no good, Na YuNa’s blessing wasn’t either.

However, if it was the Dragon rider’s skill it may just be possible!

‘Dragonic Blood.’

The mana in his body started boiling. He finally felt it. This skill wasn’t just a simple enhancement skill, but one that raised his league, forcefully!

If there was a next stage to this skill, that wouldn’t end with just being active but would change his existence entirely!

“Rule!”

Although he had no need to shout it out loud, he felt like doing it, so he instinctively did so. He would leave the embarrassment for later before going to bed! And his try achieved a miraculous success with Eternal Flame’s proactive submission!

[Eternal Flame has become your subordinate. Eternal Flame’s growth accelerates.]

[The skill, Rule, has become level 63. The abilities of your subordinates become stronger.]

[The goddess of fire wants to give you a blessing. If you achieve one more requirement, you can receive the Blessing of the goddess of fire!]

“Oh, gawwwd.”

The text he expected and the completely unexpected text filled his retina, when Yu IlHan wanted to swear.

[What is it IlHan? Did some penalty occur since your skill failed!?] (Liera)

[Didn’t I say Eternal Flame was impossible? There was no way a human can endure a flame that lasts for eternity!] (Erta)

“No, it’s not like that.”

Yu IlHan raised his hammer while replying powerlessly. The angels asked him in anticipation.

[Then what is it!] (Liera)

[Yes, just what is it!] (Erta)

“Not telling…”

Yu IlHan replied with a rotten face.

“…Returns”

This was a historical moment when the blessing of two gods were awaiting one human.



Chapter 148

The Eternal Flame was a treasure on a scale where describing it as simply ‘amazing’ was unjust. The characteristics of being able to burn forever and continually growing by feeding and absorbing various things were definitely an absolute ability.

When Yu IlHan first acquired it, it was only at the level of being a ‘good flame for smithing’, but how about now? Having absorbed numerous records, the scale and temperature of the fire had expanded in an absurd fashion, not to mention that it acted as the core element of making all sorts of unique armaments starting from the Giant’s Rubber Band?

Heaven had initially went through a long period of deliberating before bestowing upon Yu IlHan the Eternal Flame. In the initial stages of the Great Cataclysm, when Earth had met with unprecedented challenges, if it had not been for Ilhan, at least two or three more countries would have perished.

Despite that, the accumulated achievements were nowhere near enough to allow the Eternal Flame, belonging to Heaven, to be passed onto a human’s hands. Unknown to many, it also counted as an additional reward to compensate Yu IlHan’s millennium of solitude.

There was also Liera, who was Lita back then, who actively pushed for the decision. She acted as if she would rob the entire treasury of Heaven’s Army for Yu IlHan. The bestowal of the Eternal Flame was derived almost entirely from her efforts!

However, even Liera herself did not think that they would reach a situation where a human would be able to rule over the Eternal Flame with a skill.

[Hm.] (Erta)

[What do we do? This is unprecedented…… If this gets found out, I don’t think it would just end with some simple paperwork.] (Liera)

[Even though we gave the Rule skill as a reward, we never imagined that things would reach this point. Spiera, we need the endless wisdom from your wide experience!] (Erta)

[Help us, Spiemon!] (Liera)

The angels were relying on their higher-ups since they couldn’t restrict Yu IlHan on their own accord.

Spiera, who inwardly grumbled that they only treated her as a superior in times like these, seem to fall into deep thought, before abruptly opening her eyes.

[Hm….. Let’s see, let’s do it this way.] (Spiera)

[Oooh, as expected of Spiera] (Liera)

[We had faith that you might have an idea! How very reassuring!] (Erta)

[Hanging out with Yu IlHan ruined these angels……] (Spiera)

Liera and Erta clapped. Yu IlHan was thinking about why accepting the Eternal Flame as his subordinate was such a big deal, but it seemed like the situation was more complicated than he initially believed.

Liera urged Spiera on.

[So? What’s the method?] (Liera)

[We did not see this.] (Spiera)

[……Sorry?] (Erta)

[We do not know anything about this. No one in this world knows that the Eternal Flame is being ruled by a human. Heaven’s Army will do our work as always. We, also, shall support Yu IlHan to the best of our abilities.] (Spiera)

The angels that were ruined due to hanging out with Yu IlHan wasn’t limited to just Liera and Erta!

The angels’ expressions turned stiff. Their expressions were rather comical to look at. And the following cycle of conflicted looks on their faces! Spiera asked as if to hit the nail on the head.

[Liera, answer me. What just happened?] (Spiera)

[……Dunno, was there anything?] (Liera)

[Erta.] (Spiera)

[I also don’t get what you’re saying……?] (Erta)

The angels came to a compromise with reality! Following that, all three of them glared at Yu IlHan. The desperate eyes of the angels denying reality and Yu IlHan’s absent-minded gaze met in mid air, causing sparks to fly.

[Yu IlHan, what are you doing now instead Traps of Destruction? I’ll add another 30 mana potions so start moving those arms right now.] (Spiera)

“So you want me to shut my mouth by giving me bribes, huh…….”

[What do you mean bribe? I don’t get what you’re saying. Will you be willing to work if I give you an additional 20 bottles?] (Spiera)

“……And I like that! Let’s start immediately!”

He just needed to stay still, and they were giving him 50 extra bottles, so it was a profitable trade indeed! Yu IlHan picked up a lump of harkanium from the pile in his workshop and placed it into the furnace while humming.

And as such,the enjoyable work began.

He had a wealth of experience from making Traps of Destruction the previous time. Of course, this time, the situation was quite different, and the blueprint he was given also had some major differences.

“So this enhances the original Traps of Destruction scattered over the world, huh.”

[Now you’re instantly analyzing them….. You’re right. To allow for the entrapment of more as well as stronger monsters. What you’re making can be considered an upgrade kit that enhances the nearby dungeons.] (Liera)

The Traps of Destruction that Yu IlHan made before for Earth were able to enhance other nearby Traps of Destruction, but if that was changing the properties of mana, what he was going to make this time was capable of upgrading all the nearby dungeons by a tier.

And the ones made with rarer materials, were the super versions that could entrap 3rd class and 4th class beings in the dungeons without a problem!

[We are conflicted that we cannot give these out to every world. If such dungeons aren’t scattered all over the world, they may end up like Dareu some day. Although, Dareu was quite, no, very much more serious than the others.] (Liera)

“Just ten dragons on Earth would horrify me already.”

Even looking back right now, he had no idea how he could defeat those frightening monsters. He thought that he could never let that happen on Earth.

As such.

“Can I change the blueprint a little?”

[Huh?] (Liera)

“You guys use the language of Heaven, but you don’t use the dragon tongue or ancient elven language, do you? If we use that, although there will be a slight increase in mana consumption during the mana crafting process, I think we can increase its effects and reduce the probability of dungeon breaks.”

[And you do not think that you’re exceptionally strange for being able to pull it off?] (Spiera)

Spiera thought about it for a little but eventually nodded.

[We’re forcing the production work on you, for Traps of Destruction to be used in other worlds, so it might no be so bad to give you a little freedom…. However, experimenting comes first. Can you first make a sample? We shall officially give you permission after testing its safety and efficiency in a higher world.] (Spiera)

“Of course, of course.”

Yu IlHan modified the blueprint right there and then. He drew a minute amount of the Eternal Flame onto his fingers, and dragged it on the surface of the blueprint to draw tiny lines by burning it. From his figure, it could be seen that he had definite control over the Eternal Flame.

“Done.”

[Hm, I don’t understand it. We will not be able to know the effects without a sample.] (Spiera)

“Wait a moment.”

Yu IlHan picked up the hammer while humming. He ripped slight bits of the half-molten harkanium and made it into a cube, before adding elements needed in Traps of Destruction.

He hammered and chiselled while communicating with the Eternal Flame, and ended up form-creating and inlaying within 40 minutes. A new record.

“It will become faster from now on. I’m aiming for under 15 minutes.”

[Inhuman.] (Spiera)

[Let’s do the mana crafting right away. There’s two 6th class angels, so there won’t be a need for a third angel.] (Liera)

The mana crafting was done as quickly as grilling beans with lightning. There was no need to mention the completeness. As this was a sample to be used in a higher world, they couldn’t use rare materials, but what if he added a spice that won’t be known by anyone?

[The skill, Soul enchant, has become level 25.]

“Complete.”

Yu IlHan handed it over to them with a smile. The angels looked at the Trap of Destruction and exclaimed.

[I can feel a great power. If it’s an unintelligent 4th class, it might be able to entrap it.] (Spiera)

[My mana crafting skill levelled up too……] (Erta)

[Spiera, be quick with the experiment, okay?] (Liera)

[Then I’ll go immediately. If the experiment is successful, this blueprint may be accepted officially.] (Spiera)

[I don’t think anyone other than Yu IlHan can make it…… Anyway, see you later.] (Erta)

Yu IlHan stretched his arms after confirming that Spiera had left. It wasn’t that he was tired; he still had to make hundreds of these. It was only to calm down his excitement a little.

In fact, he felt like a gambler betting his life right now.

The reason he used Soul enchant on the Trap of Destruction was definitely to enhance it, but he did not tell that to the angels. They wouldn’t even be able to imagine what had happened, so he did not see the need to tell them, and if they knew what he was trying to do, they might urge him to stop.

Now then, what he was trying to do through the Trap of Destruction, was,

He slightly closed his eyes and called out a record he wanted. It was the skill evolution criteria of a certain skill that was at level max the moment he awakened it.

[The following is the skill evolution conditions of the skill, Language.]

[3rd class magic stones 24,498/1,000]

[4th class magic stones 22/100]

[5th class magic stones 0/1]

[Record of worlds 7/100]

“So they didn’t activate it yet.”

It was the Language skill. The one that supported him in unexpected times, such as just now, when upgrading the Traps of Destruction.

[IlHan, what is it?] (Liera)

“Nah, I’m just wondering what ‘record of worlds meant.”

[That’s very vague. Although your immunity towards new worlds increase as you visit more of them, I don’t know a lot about it either.] (Liera)

[I never thought that we’d hear that from a lower existence.] (Erta)

When Yu IlHan first peeked at the evolution criteria of the Language skill, it was not long after he acquired it. At that time, he didn’t think much about it since there were absurd things like 4th class and even 5th class magic stones, but if an advanced skill required such conditions, he wondered what abilities that skill would bring.

What tugged at his mind the most, was the last requirement, the record of worlds. He had assumed that he had to acquire records of many worlds, including Earth. However, he couldn’t even begin to imagine how he could acquire records from one hundred worlds.

Living on Earth acquired him the record of Earth, and killing the 4th class mage that came to Earth, he acquired the record of the world he came from, and acquired Dareu’s by going there, Kiroa’s by confronting them, and Ferata by visiting them.

Up till here counted as five, and the 6th was the higher world Lu Füera from a while back. The reason he asked Liera to take some grass was also because of that.

Although he wasn’t granted permission in the end, gaining victory in that world, and coming into contact with various organisms and natural phenomena, he successfully acquired the record in that process.

The remaining one was, surprisingly, was the record of the Abandoned World that his subordinates, had been to. Thanks to the actions of his subordinates connected to him via the Rule skill, their records transferred over to him!

Although he didn’t think much of it when he realized that, when Liera asked him to create Traps of Destruction to be used in other worlds, he thought ‘perhaps?’ and pondered about it.

And when he realized the combo of the Rule skill and Soul enchant skill, he felt like lightning had struck inside his head.

With this, it was possible. If a Trap of Destruction had his subordinate’s soul in it, it was possible to gain the record of a world that the Trap of Destruction was used in! – was the conclusion he arrived at. 

He moved his thoughts into practice without hesitation, and reached this stage smoothly. As such, what was left now……was to wait.

[Subordinate, Giant Snake, absorb a portion of the record of the higher world ‘El Tièfè’.]

[Record of Worlds 8/100]

Yu IlHan’s mouth curved into a smile.

It looked like his gamble was a success.



Chapter 149

Spiera came a while later. As her face was very flushed, it was possible to predict the outcome of the experiment. Yu IlHan spoke to her as if it was nothing.

“Awesome, right?”

[It was indeed awesome.] (Spiera)

“But don’t you think you need to observe it a little more?”

[Just going by the decision of the meeting, yes. And as such, it is unfortunately currently impossible to replace all the Traps of Destruction…… The decision was to test it by making a quarter of your version first. In this way, at least one of Traps of Destruction of your version will go around to each world.] (Spiera)

Wasn’t that exactly what Yu IlHan wanted? He even doubted whether the angels knew of his wish. Well, of course, they couldn’t possibly know.

“Good, I’ll accept your request.”

He picked up the hammer. As he had been granted the permission, it was time to start work!

Although he used a record-breaking time of 40 minutes to create the first one already, in the process of repeating that work, the time taken on each trap sped up as he had said before. The work process that was reduced to 34 minutes by the end of the day, decreasing further to 20 minutes by the 4th day.

The problem was instead in the angels. Like before, angels possessing a higher league of mana were compulsory to complete it, but as all of them were busy doing work, there weren’t that many to help his work.

As such, Yu IlHan piled up the Traps of Destruction after he form-created and inlaid it, in one corner of his room.

By doing that, the angels who needed to install the Traps of Destruction in the world they were in charge of would come to find him and complete the mana crafting before taking away the completed Traps of Destruction.

[Don’t you think what we’re doing right now is similar to pre-ordering cakes for Christmas, and collecting them on the day itself……?] (Liera)

[You just had to say it!] (Erta)

In this process, Yu IlHan got to know numerous angels, incomparable to before. Even the angels who he had never met knew his name, and there were also many who tried to befriend him right now.

[You were pre-ordered to become an angel. Since you’re much more successful than the newbies, don’t forget me by that time.]

[You are the first lower existence to have two 6th class angels as guardians. You are aware, right?]

Through this quest, it seemed like most of the angels were treating him as a trainee angel, but Yu IlHan didn’t bother correcting them and left them to their own devices. Honestly, it annoyed him to correct them anyways.

Although the production of the Traps of Destruction ended within 6 days, as there was no room in the schedule of the angels, and requiring their mana, the finishing was delayed. In that time, Yu IlHan enjoyed using the smithing tools he hadn’t met for a long time.

[Only he would be so perversely happy about smithing tools, right…..] (Erta)

[But IlHan, what are you making?] (Liera)

He wasn’t repairing his equipment, they were done long before. And it wasn’t like he was making new ones either.

Currently, he was cutting and sanding a huge monster bone on one side, while melting the monster materials that had a metallic property before pouring them into square molds and leaving them to solidify. In other words, no one knew what he was doing.

“Building a house.”

[……Huh?] (Liera)

[Isn’t it better to practice the Great cosmos-severing spear instead of doing something nonsensical like that?] (Spiera)

“That will be for after I finish this quest. I should make the most of these smithing tools while I still can.”

As they couldn’t possibly interrupt Yu IlHan’s work, they only watched. Just like that, the days of endless labor flowed on and on.

Meanwhile, the world was spinning like mad. Since it was officially announced that the 2nd Great Cataclysm was coming, burning stones had fallen on everyone’s feet.

The phenomenon of trying to acquire information or items from the worlds they were connected to, became more serious, and as the rumors that the Earth will not be able to overcome the 2nd Great Cataclysm, spread, various crimes such as violence or scams, became more serious as well.

If there was a biggest profit that all humankind had earned while spending 10 years in other worlds, it was their limits. They all knew until what extent they would be able to grow.

It would be good if everyone could grow into 2nd classes and 3rd classes, reality wasn’t that easy, and there were many who hadn’t even acquired their 1st classes properly.

Before the Great Cataclysm, there were few threats to their wellbeing in their everyday lives, but once they experienced the 2nd Great Cataclysm, a life where they didn’t know when they would encounter a monster, would arrive. Some people were compelled to commit suicide after learning about that.

The governments of various countries were on fire as well. They just started implementing building using new materials they could acquire from the 1st Great Cataclysm, but now it was the 2nd already!

If monsters that weren’t entrapped in dungeons rampaged around, or if a Dungeon Break occurred, there was a high probability that cities on scale of Kantou, New York, or LA being vaporized.

They desperately contacted the ability users and bought all new materials and monster materials they could use in architecture. Eventually, there were various country-wide scale projects, and many people who lost their jobs after the Great Cataclysm, were put into these projects.

Each of the clans were also busy cleaning monsters that were proliferating rapidly prior to the 2nd Great Cataclysm. As there were many cases of Dungeon Breaks after they cleaned a dungeon, it could be said that they were in battle constantly if not sleeping.

As the mana concentration on Earth increased, there were plenty of cases where monsters suddenly appeared in the middle of the city, and our strong friends from Suppression were also forced into endless battles.

They had to train in order to go against the strong monsters that would appear after the 2nd Great Cataclysm, but forget training, they were doing real life practice daily! Of course, Korean representative ‘beauty’ ‘Lieutenant’ Han YeoRang was also fighting day and night to protect the country.

“I! Will! Definitely! Quit! The! Military! And! Marry! A! Rich! Guy!”

“I swear she says that every time she gets dispatched.”

“Just who is that Yu IlHan that she always talks about? It’s not the Vanguard president Yu IlHan, right?”

Yu IlHan, who never imagined even in his dreams that someone who was only acquainted to him was calling him by his name every single day, was busy in productive activities, and didn’t move himself, but he did not stop his subordinates from fighting either.

As they were mostly 3rd classes, they wouldn’t be able to acquire any experience from 2nd class monsters, but as 3rd class monsters were quite frequent right now on Earth, and materials from 2nd class monsters could also be used to make standard Vanguard equipment, they continued hunting.

For your information, the corpses of the monsters they had hunted in the Abandoned World were mostly left behind in that world, but Erta took the stronger 3rd class monsters and 4th class monsters’ bodies into her inventory, and gave them to Yu IlHan upon their return.

Although Kang MiRae and Na YuNa’s share wouldn’t be small, the girls ended the deal by asking Yu IlHan to make equipments from the 4th class monster materials. Strictly calculating, they were overwhelmingly in debt!

Of course, no matter how many materials he had, he did not make those equipment. He only polished pillars, plates, etc for making his own mansion.

As his work speed was insane, he was really piling up an amount that might turn into a house. Of course, his objective was not merely that!

Even in that meanwhile, the angels came to him frequently and received the completed (with mana crafting and soul enchant) Traps of Destruction, and Yu IlHan’s skill level also increased day by day. Perhaps, this could be said to be the most peaceful days he spent on Earth. Truly ironic.

Rumors about Susanoo also started there.

The perished island countries in the Pacific and Venezuela, while mankind was busy fighting against the Abandoned World. People were claiming that the ones that killed them weren’t the monsters but Susanoo himself.

[This clip where Susanoo is massacring humans as if monsters were taken by the tourists at that time……]

[As the truth that Susanoo did indeed not appear in the battle against the Abandoned World, this video clip…….]

People who were there in Venezuela at that time should remember that Yu IlHan had killed were not exactly the people of Venezuela, but rather the people of Ferata in human skin who had shown their true colors and tried to kill the tourists.

However, that video clip which spread through the various media companies of many countries, were edited with malicious intentions to make him look like a madman that massacred everyone he sees, and the testimonies of the survivors were also those that said they were nearly killed by Susanoo.

Behind that series of flows, there was the malicious intent to bury Yu IlHan, who was currently at the center of the world, in a mountain of negative sentiments. This was a scheme that could not be implemented if not for the countless people behind it. They should really be protecting Earth if they have any time to do that!

Of course, Kang MiRae, who heard the story about Ferata from the person himself, knew that this was a scheme, and tried to shut it down by using all the power she could in her family. Kang Chan, who was also half-treating Yu IlHan as his in-law, supported him with bright eyes.

However, this could be said to be absurd, or natural.

That scheme instantly perished in exactly 3 days without the need for any help from the Kang family.

[Perhaps Venezuela went against Susanoo’s will.]

[Everyone should know from living 10 years in other worlds, don’t you still get it? If Susanoo was a bad guy, then Earth would have been doomed long before. Why do you suspect Susanoo and not Venezuela?]

[O, Lord Deathgod, I did not see the video clip at all. The one that clicked ‘play’ is not me but my cat.]

[There was a single 4th class in the world I went to, and when he clicked his finger, at least hundred people instantly died. If you still have any sanity, stick your head on the ground and beg for forgiveness before Susanoo is annoyed.]

[We’re already in pain because of the 2nd Great Cataclysm, and here, idiots are picking a fight with the last hope of humanity. Hey, if Susanoo planned to do that, then the people in that place should have all died, how could the guy that took the video be still alive?]

Not to mention the internet, various forms of media attacked the ones that schemed against Susanoo. In Yu IlHan’s shoes, it was just an annoying piece of work, but somehow, something like religious cult had formed with him as the central pillar!

This incident did not end there. The counteractions against the scheme were more vicious than he thought, and the ones that were already stressed out from the 2nd Great Cataclysm stood up as well.

The argument against the ‘high people of society’ that tried to bury Susanoo in old ways like how they buried celebrities or politicians socially, even though the common sense of this world had changed long before!

[This is fucking annoying. Which era do you guys live in?]

[The world changed, so why do we still need to have them above us?]

[We need to replace them with people who know and can plan for the world after the Great Cataclysm.]

The ones who schemed probably intended to restrain Susanoo’s overwhelming influence, and restrict him by creating anti-fans; as it was now, it was only a matter of time until the power structure of the world changed due to his influence!

Yes. This, was exactly how Earth played out before the Great Cataclysm; exaggerating the faults of the ones in power, making flaws that does not exist, and reducing the popularity among the people, and burying them completely using political power as that person became nothing.

Perhaps, they thought that this method would still work after the Great Cataclysm, as they still had overwhelming financial power, political power, and ability users loyal to their family.

However, there was a limit to that. They shouldn’t have picked a fight with Susanoo. They should not have equated the new value that appeared in humanity, with the old values.

“Let’s clean those maggots out!”

“Not to mention welcoming him, they are treating like a mass murderer. Let’s burn them all!”

A riot. Not to mention the weak, ability users, and especially the clans that participated in the Battle of Competition along with Susanoo, were violently enraged, and stood at their front. In other words, the core elements that protected the safety of each country, had turned their backs to the people in power.

The ones that realized that the situation had taken a turn for the worst tried to cover it up with a sacrificial lamb, but there was no way that was possible.

This days where they could cover the eyes of the people using media had long passed, along with the days where they military force was a viable option. The strongest on Earth were able to withstand heavy firepower without so much as a piece of cloth, and dodge missiles with a snort. And there wasn’t just one ‘strong’ individual!

They were already way beyond the point what they could handle using the media. If they took the wrong step, the country would be split into tiny fragments.

In the end, each country had to make a big decision in order to keep their country. Of course, it was to throw about all the people behind it outside of society!

With this, some of the deeply-rooted families that took control of the country in the dark for several generations, were completely weeded out.

People didn’t stop there, and completely brutalised the people related to this incident socially. In the places where the riots were in larger scales, the various governments almost collapsed.

Like that, society had met a true cataclysm before the 2nd Great Cataclysm.

This, took a month and half. All because of a single person, Yu IlHan.

Anyways, what Yu IlHan was doing about this incident, was…

“I’ve finished all the materials. I only need to piece them together now!”

“I’m also going to build a home!”

“Yes, let’s do it together. Home sweet home!”

[Pancosmic Loners aren’t just called loners without a reason alright……] (Liera)

He did not care about what those unrelated people were talking shit about him, and was under the operation ‘Home sweet home’.



Chapter 150

[It’s quite wide.] (Liera)

Muttered Liera while looking at the enormous clearing around the gate connected to Kiroa. No, calling it a ‘clearing’ was an understatement. It was overwhelmingly large, to the point where building a park or two was feasible.

Although this place was once reserved for the rich in Gangnam, with several apartment building complexes, it had received substantial damage, firstly with the generation of the dungeon gate, and secondly due to the connection with Kiroa. What had cost more than its weight in gold became worthless, and it all came into Yu IlHan’s hands.

[So you’re going to build your house here…] (Liera)

“Take your time to look over these.”

Yu IlHan unfurled tens of bundled up blueprints, including the cross-section and the floor plans of what could only be described as a truly enormous mansion. The intricate designs and attention to detail gave off the impression that a renowned architect had crafted it.

Cold beads of sweat formed on Ericia’s forehead as she glanced through the blueprints.

“Master, these were all made by you?”

“Yeah. I studied it a little when I had time before.”

Yu IlHan proceeded to take out an enormous whiteboard and stuck all the papers on it. Following which he distributed the materials along with specific details and descriptions about the parts they had to handle in building.

“Well, then.”

The elves and Ericia had dumbfounded looks on their faces, while Yumir was hyped up for no reason. Yu IlHan confirmed with the three angels sitting on his head.

“How long do we have until the 2nd Great Cataclysm, again?”

[By Earth standards, around one month. That’s almost one year since the first.] (Liera)

[So it’s been a year already. Although, it’s actually much longer than that since we used the Hourglass of Eternity.] (Erta)

Yu IlHan even activated the Hourglass of Eternity while making the building materials for his house. He was drowned in the thought of building his fortress of a house before the 2nd Great Cataclysm, no matter the cost!

“We have one month. If you master the manuals I gave you, then there will be no problems. We only need to – solidify the foundations, construct the parts on top of it, and mana craft it!”

[You’re planning to make the entire mansion into a single artifact!?] (Erta)

1,800 3rd class magic stones, 1 4th class magic stone to serve as the core. He had prepared everything long ago.

That mansion was no different from the crystallization of Yu IlHan’s countless experiences from making equipments, learning magic language with his Language skill, and handling various materials that he plundered from monsters!

“We won’t build it right in front of the gate. First, we’ll build a large fence with the gate as the center, and make a training ground to gather the forces of Kiroa just in case we need it. And I’m going to build the house around here, and make a wall that covers much more than that like this…….”

Yu IlHan’s mansion building lecture continued on for 20 minutes. His subordinates had a hard time keeping up in order to save that information in their heads.

“Your Majesty?”

The most loyal and wisest elf, thief Phiria, asked in a careful tone.

“What if something goes wrong in the middle of building? Like doing things in wrong order, or getting the position wrong……”

“I’m going to fix minor mistakes with mana crafting so it’s alright. You only need to work hard.”

There was no way out! They could only accept their fate (as slaves)!

He designed the mansion rather humbly with 500 pyong (1600m^2) for each floor for a total of 3 floors. Of course, it was a little lonely to build just the main building, so he also planned to build a smaller multi-purpose shed on the side, and a dormitory for the wolfkin when they came out.

[‘Humble’, yeah right!] (Erta)

“I’m not going to mind much about the rear garden since the wolfkin would trample on it whenever they come, but instead, I’m going to build a magnificent swimming pool.”

[Swimming pools are good!] (Liera)

Cheered Liera. She was already simulating on what swimwear to put on in order to seduce Yu IlHan. Meanwhile, Spiera spoke with a slightly bitter face.

[I thought you didn’t like petty decorative aesthetics… what you did in that precious time was some child’s play like this……] (Spiera)

[Humans have dreams. Although we forget from time to time, Yu IlHan is still a lower existence. In fact, it’s not so bad to have a side like this. A little bit is alright…] (Erta)

However, what Yu IlHan was doing now couldn’t be called ‘a little’ no matter who looked at it!

[I get that you want to build a sturdy and cool house. But this is still a little too much!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan, who was still in the state of being hyped up, ignored her and continued speaking.

“I’ve finished the structure of the mansion, so I’ll go on to the next stage.”

“There’s still something left!?”

The bravest, but at the same time, most ignorant of the elves, warrior Mirey, shouted in shock. Her brain had already reached the limit!

“Yes, there’s the most important thing left.”

However, Yu IlHan mercilessly nodded as he spoke. However, what he spoke next was in a slightly different direction to what Mirey was imagining.

“What I’ve discussed up till now is the facade of the mansion that can be seen from the outside, and from now, I’m going to talk about the detailed options after the fortress ification.”

[…….fortress?] (Liera)

“Yes, fortress.”

Yu IlHan’s eyes shined.

“This mansion shall become the strongest fortress on Earth. Although it’s still impossible right now. I’m ultimately aiming for it to fly and hunt monsters!”

[So your dream was not a lowly mansion but a mobile fortress!?] (Erta)

“That’s it!”

Even the swimming pool on the front garden was a facility that reflected his plan to use as a weapon by using the functions on his armor. How frightening!

[This is not architecture…..] (Liera)

Liera, who finally realized the truth, muttered in a dark voice while Yu IlHan was explaining the various weapons and traps here and there in the mansion, all while humming.

[It’s just an enormous-sized blacksmithing!] (Liera)

[At the same time, it’s also mana crafting.] (Erta)

After all people here were enlightened on Yu IlHan’s true intentions, Yu IlHan solidified the foundations on where the mansion would go, after piling up the enormous amount of materials.

Normally, this was a huge-scale construction work that was simply out of the question for the realm of a private construction. But with IlHan’s inhuman strength and the inventory’s remote collection function, there was nothing impossible in this world.

“Now we lay out the floor.”

The construction work that looked like it would take several months at least, progressed according to Yu IlHan’s finger movements, akin to a conductor partaking in an orchestral concert.

The subordinates realized that there was no way out of this construction for them. Now, they could only hop onto this big wave that Yu IlHan had made!

“Good, let’s begin.”

“Yes!”

“Phew…”

Like that Yu IlHan and co started the absurd construction of the fortress. This was about constructing a fortress with blacksmithing and mana-crafting as the foundation, One that couldn’t be seen even in worlds that had went through the 3rd Great Cataclysm!

***

After various clans, conglomerates and even countries perished after offending Yu IlHan, the rage of the people cooled off a little and the situation calmed down as well.

Although some fanatics were claiming that they should destroy the existing countries and build new ones, now that the 2nd Great Cataclysm was imminent, there was no time to make new countries and solidify their foundations.

The various governments who witnessed firsthand the consequences of slandering Susanoo, were worried for their respective futures, shifting away from conventional politics and pouring all their resources into preparing for the 2nd Great Cataclysm.

Many shelters were constructed with whatever little new materials they had, while clans and the military took care of security around the densely populated areas, and they were told of the various locations where dungeons would emerge in the future and they relocated the various populated districts.

Meanwhile, Vanguard lowered the prices of standard-tier equipments and allowed many to arm themselves. It even started selling self-defense artifacts that could be used by people with no power, propelling its already high status to another level altogether.

“The president of Vanguard was that famous Deathgod, right?”

“So Susanoo really was Korean.”

“His real name was revealed. He’s called Yu IlHan apparently.”

“That’s quite a name.”

The governments of many countries wished to meet Yu IlHan. The Kang family wanted to prevent all of their attempts beforehand, but it was now beyond what they could handle. Above all, the Battle of Competition that allowed him to bring back a large number of advanced Traps of Destruction, was the largest factor.

Starting with Japan, the second most delusional character after Kang Chan, believed that Yu IlHan was their own, America, China, Russia, Britain, France, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, Canada…… numerous countries sent love-calls to him. For some of the countries that lost most of their power after the Great Cataclysm, the leaders even came to Korea themselves!

However, all of them failed to achieve their purpose; Yu IlHan had surrounded his land with enormous walls (feat. Dragon bones) prior to the construction. Phones off were the basics.

As such, the people set Yu IlHan’s family as their next target, but this was also impossible. Yu IlHan’s father, Yu YongHan, was working at Vanguard, and his mother Kim YeSeul, did not let anyone into the house other than Yu YongHan!

It wasn’t that none of them tried ‘slightly’ forceful methods, but all of these people ran away after experiencing ‘slightly’ near-death experiences. The people finally found out that Yu IlHan’s mother was a person of tremendous ability as well.

“Just what does this family do!”

“Ugh, I knew he wasn’t of ordinary birth, but even so……!”

Yu IlHan already gave the solution to humanity, known as Vanguard. He had nothing else to give out to the ones who weren’t satisfied and wanted more. As such, he did not reply at all.

With the challengers all gone, Kang Chan became more delusional again, and the mysticism of the Deathgod Yu IlHan rose by the day.

[See, he isn’t a human.]

[Don’t you think he’s an angel that’s acting as a hero?]

[The moment the great changes arrives on Earth, the hero that protected humanity since the ancient times, opens his eyes again……!]

At this rate, urban legends about him would be made. This meant that humanity relied on him and had their hopes in him that much. If Yu IlHan didn’t restrain his actions, then this wouldn’t have ended there. Perhaps the religion ‘Uniquism’ may have been created. 1

“……Things are like this outside……”

Kang MiRae finished explaining and looked at the scenery with the almost finished mansion in the backdrop, when her eyes colored in inexplicable emotions.

Liera’s figure, holding up a heavy piece of ceiling while flapping the two pairs of wings in the middle of the construction site, was particularly impressive.

“Mr. IlHan, you were creating a mansion here…….”

“Hey! It’s tilting! …… Sorry? What did you say?”

Yu IlHan, who was both the director-on-site and the number one construction worker, asked after turning his head to Kang MiRae.

“Mr. IlHaaan, marry me! I also want to live here Kuhk!”

“Oh, it’s nothing.”

Although it was ‘nothing’ by Kang MiRae standards, to Na YuNa, who was being sleeper-choked by her, it was a very big matter.

However, as he believed in the friendship between Kang MiRae and Na YuNa, he didn’t say anything. Instead, he continuted to shout towards the working subordinates.

“It’s just a little more! We need to finish it before the 2nd Great Cataclysm arrives!”

The subordinates shouted back with vitality, and just when Yu IlHan was about to go back to work. Green text continuously popped up on his retina, even though he didn’t do anything.

[Subordinate, Kiera Monkey, absorbs a portion of the records of the world ‘Niurad’.]

[Record of Worlds 100/100]

[You have acquired the title ‘The frog that leaped out of the well’. You are able to return to your birth world no matter which world you are in. By consuming mana, you are able to bring others as well, there is a cooldown time of one week after using it.]

[IlHan, what is it…..?] (Liera)

[Yu IlHan?] (Erta)

“Mr. IlHan?”

“…..Oh, it’s nothing.”

While confirming the new and amazing title info, he thought about what absurd situations he would be forced into in the near future now that he acquired such a revolutionary power. He let out a deep sigh.

2 weeks after that, the 2nd Great Cataclysm arrived on Earth.

However, the problem was that something else that never happened in other worlds, was beginning to unravel on Earth.



Chapter 151

“We’re done, yaaay!”

“Hurraaay!”

“Yesss!”

“This nightmare is finally over!”

“Yeeaaahhh!”

The mansion construction had finally ended, leading to a scene not too unlike Korea’s independence after years under the Japanese regime.

Not to mention the main building, everything that Yu IlHan designed – the dorms for wolfkin, swimming pool up front, garden, and the rear training grounds were all completed in their respective locations. Even the interior construction was perfect!

[That’s a pity, we’d have made it in time for the 2nd Great Cataclysm if we finished just 3 hours earlier.] (Liera)

Liera muttered while looking at the outwardly spectacular mansion.

Yes, Earth had already met its 2nd Great Cataclysm. Mana within the atmosphere increased explosively, violent waves surged across the seven seas, and even more violent shocks split apart the lands. The changes that occurred every single moment as the skies continuously transitioned in color, were a proof that the Cataclysm had once again befallen Earth.

Mana had just begun its natural generation when Earth had experienced the 1st Great Cataclysm, while plants and animals evolved. These were just relatively minute changes.

However, the 2nd Great Cataclysm could only be described as Earth casting off its shell and acquiring a newly metamorphosed body. It was a phenomenon that occurred as mana evolved every object in this world.

As such, it was best to hide somewhere wide and safe until Earth had finished its shedding. Nowhere could be designated as completely safe, due to the uncertainties like when and where the grounds would suddenly sprout upwards or split apart.

Of course, there was a better alternative for the people of Earth – going to other worlds!

The ones that were awaiting the Great Cataclysm, and those without any physical ability, left for other worlds as soon as they saw signs of change. They should probably come back after a few days.

Meanwhile, the situation was a little different for the clans that fought against monsters on the front lines.

The implication of explosive increases in the mana concentration was expectedly, more monsters, and there was no way the Traps of Destruction made by angels would be able to handle all of them!

As such, they were preparing even more arduously than before the Great Cataclysm, rushing off to wherever the saturation of mana was the highest and subjugating the monsters there as quickly as possible. If something went wrong, mana would overlap itself several times and give birth to an unimaginably powerful boss monster.

[Just the 1st Great Cataclysm was hectic enough for Earth, and now it’s the second…… so don’t you think that it will be similar to other worlds after their 3rd Great Cataclysms? In fact, the mana concentration is only a little below that of worlds after the 3rd Great Cataclysm.] (Erta)

Erta said in a careful voice, as she had experienced the hectic times on Earth after the 1st Great Cataclysm, together with Yu IlHan. Spiera also nodded with a bitter smile.

[If you think like that, it’s no wonder the transcender factions are eyeing Earth. Perhaps Earth will be reborn as a higher world some day.] (Spiera)

[……Then there will be a vicious invasion.] (Erta)

[The people of Earth would all die at that time.] (Liera)

The three angels voiced their worries in succession. Their gazes were all focused on one person as well, whose identity was none other than Yu IlHan.

[IlHan should be the key right?] (Liera)

[Why do you think I’m teaching him the Great cosmos-severing spear?] (Spiera)

[But what he’s doing now is…..] (Erta)

The human Blazing Reaper, Yu IlHan, who shouldered the responsibility of the fate of Earth, was currently in the process of checking the distribution of magic stones over the mansion.

“Since the 2nd Great Cataclysm happened, mana crafting will become easier huh.”

[My dear IlHan? Won’t you go hunting monsters with this noona?] (Liera)

“This is an important moment, so don’t interrupt me.”

[Yes, sir.] (Liera)

After checking, Yu IlHan moved his steps to the central study of the mansion. Everyone that helped in the construction followed him.

[Will it really work?] (Liera)

[It’s been a long time since I’ve observed mana crafting of such scale too.] (Erta)

[It looks like he’s starting.] (Spiera)

After taking a deep breath, he took out a 4th class magic stone into his hands. Then, he closed his eyes.

‘I only need to do what I planned to.’

All magic stones were placed in their correct places. If they fulfilled their roles well, then it would be possible for the mansion to be completed as an impenetrable fortress. Of course, he was planning to upgrade it into a mobile fortress later.

‘Good, let’s start.’

When Yu IlHan commenced mana crafting, light shot out from the magic stone. Although this scene was very normal around Yu IlHan, what came next was beyond everyone’s imagination.

As if resonating with the magic stone, the desk in the study started emitting light, before diffusing into the floor, creeping up the pillars and coloring the ceilings, and branching out into various places within the mansion and the surrounding land as well!

[This is a frightening mana storm. There was no way the magic stone Yu IlHan used would bring out such effects though……!] (Erta)

[That simply means that IlHan uses mana more efficiently than you, Erta, right?] (Liera)

[……I, it’s because this is a combination of blacksmithing and mana crafting!] (Erta)

The light did not die down and burned continuously. In that process, the 3rd class magic stones installed in various parts of the land melted down to give special properties to various items exactly as Yu IlHan had planned for.

Following that, the magic language circuit etched on all items in the territory resonated and amplified that power!

[It’s uselessly spectacular!] (Liera)

“It reminds me of the day when the magic formation of the ancient elves shook the entire continent…”

“His Majesty is enveloped by the light!”

“He won’t ascend to the skies like this…… right?”

Of course, that light did not continue on forever. When the 4th class magic stone in Yu IlHan’s hand completely melted down and fused with the mansion, the light covering the mansion and the territory finally died down.

Although there was still faint light glowing in various parts of the mansion, unless someone imbued mana, they would soon dissipate into the atmosphere. The mana crafting was successful.

At that moment, green text covered Yu IlHan’s retina.

[Bittersweet Persona was completed.]

[Bittersweet Persona]

[Rank – Chaos]

[Durability – 5,312,500]

[User restriction – Yu IlHan. Possible to transfer ownership to beings with Language skill level Max.]

[Options –

1. Recovers durability by absorbing the mana and life energy from the destroyer.

2. Automatically attacks everyone that enters without the master’s permission.

3. Grows by absorbing the records of opponents.]

[A battle fortress disguised as a grand mansion. All items inside can be used as weapons, and the system that attacks enemies from long range is at the peak of mana engineering. The battle fortress would grow as it experiences more battles. If there is a disadvantage, it is that it is impossible to completely hide its mana due to the absurd functionality, and may attract nearby monsters with high probability.]

Chaos? Just as Yu IlHan tilted his head at the completely new ranking, a blinding explosion of light occurred with Yu IlHan as the center. The light was a strange mixture of black and red.

“What is it now!”

“Don’t tell me this light is…..!”

“Evolving? Dad is evolving!?” (Mir)

Unlike before when the light of the magic stone covered everyone including Yu IlHan, now, Yu IlHan himself was emitting light from his body.

While everyone was panicking in this strange phenomenon, the sole being that already experienced this had her mouth open in shock. Yes, it was none other than Liera!

[Huh? IlHan’s state is as if……?] (Liera)

“Dad is evolving after all?” (Mir)

It was that moment when text that numbered even more than when he created the Bittersweet Persona, had appeared.

[You have fulfilled one of the conditions in order to acquire the blessing of the god of blacksmithing. All conditions were fulfilled.]

[You have received the blessing of the god of blacksmithing! Resistance and attack power increases by 20% when fighting against or wielding all weapons, and fire attribute resistance and attack power also increases by 20%.]

[You succeed the record of the god of blacksmithing. You are now able to make artifacts above Chaos rank.]

The light dissipated. Yumir, who was looking forward to his dad’s evolution, tilted his head when he found that Yu IlHan didn’t look that much different from before, but the angels didn’t get deceived.

“Uuuugh…… my head aches so much.”

[I knew it.] (Liera)

Like how Liera’s eyes had developed a tinge of red after receiving the blessing of the god of love, Yu IlHan’s body had also received minute changes in the process of succeeding the record of the god of blacksmithing. To be specific, a part of his hair became ash-colored.

Also known as highlights. This was a small, unnoticeable change if someone did not touch his hair in purpose, as expected of Yu IlHan.

“I think I just felt a malicious intent, ooouch.”

[You’re overthinking it.] (Liera)

[Yu IlHan, you’ve just received the blessing of the god of blacksmithing, right? With this, there’s already two human beings who received the blessing of gods on Earth.] (Erta)

The angels were expressing their joy, surprise or confusion in various ways, but Yu IlHan was in no situation to respond. New information flooded his head and made him chaotic.

Informations on items or types of artifacts that blacksmiths of various worlds had created, their creation methods, tools, experiences and memory, and various materials oe metalworking of metals that made up the world. Yu IlHan felt like his brain was exploding, and collapsed while supporting himself from the sides.

“Your Majesty, are you alright?”

“Master!”

His subordinates hurriedly held onto him. Mir also cast whatever healing magic he could, but the headache did not settle. It would only become better once all knowledge took root in Yu IlHan’s head.

[I don’t think he’s in any state to go monster hunting.] (Liera)

[It looks like the influence of the blessing of the god. Liera, you have experience, do something about it!] (Erta)

[Ah, okay.] (Liera)

Liera seriously nodded and flew towards Yu IlHan before grabbing him.

[I’m sorry I urged you to go hunt monsters, IlHan. Leave the rest to the others and let us go have a nice sleep. You’ll be better after a long rest.] (Liera)

[I told you to do something about his headache, not to fulfill your own desires!] (Erta)

The mini-3rd war had began on the side, but Yu IlHan didn’t mind at all. Instead, even while grabbing his aching head, he stood up from that place.

While his subordinates were looking at him with worried eyes, Yu IlHan opened his mouth after a short breath.

“Let’s prepare for battle.”

[You want to hunt monsters in that state? No, you should rest here with me!] (Liera)

[Now I really admire your unbending spirit!] (Erta)

“Let’s talk later. Ugh.”

He pushed aside the angels and sat on the soft chair in front of the desk. At that moment, the monitor installed on the desk turned on and showed the outside. it was the perfect security system that watched over both the inside and the vicinity around his land!

In that same monitor, it could be seen that there were thousands of monsters charging towards them. Even though it was just after the 2nd Great Cataclysm, the horde was too large. Moreover, there were plenty of 3rd class beings among them! If left alone, they would destroy a city within moments.

“They’re in a hurry as if they’ve found a treasure. What amazing morale.”

“Just what is this thing that they want and where is it…… we need to chase them!”

“No, you don’t need to.”

Yu IlHan decisively cut off Phiria and Paté’s conversation. With one of his hand still on his head, he pointed towards the monitor. The rest turned their eyes on it, and realized that the thousands of monsters were rushing towards Yu IlHan’s land.

“What is…….?”

Muttered Ericia in confusion. Yu IlHan replied with a cute smile.

“The treasure they’re looking for is here.”

“Sorry?”

“You don’t need to chase them, so kill them as soon as they come here. For a period of time, more monsters will be drawn here.”

Everyone understood Yu Ilhan’s words. To think back, whether it was the light from the mana crafting, or the faint fragrance of high-class mana that still leaked from various places, both of them did feel quite attractive.

Of course, if they lost to that temptation, they would become a Breaker! 1

“……”

“……”

“……”

While the group had lost their words, only Paté shouted with a smile.

“Now you’ve even made a cutting-edge monster attraction system! As expected of Your Majesty!”

“Cut the flattery and go fight.”

“Yes!”

Like that, on the day the 2nd Great Cataclysm arrived on Earth, the grand and spectacular mansion defense started autonomously as if to celebrate Yu IlHan receiving the blessing of the god of blacksmithing.

They didn’t even know what the other people of Earth were currently facing!



Chapter 152

Carina Malatesta the clan master of the Magia clan wasn’t feeling well during the past few days. Whether it was endlessly running around battling monsters endlessly in order to ‘protect Earth’, or the fact that there were people who still hadn’t evacuated to other worlds, but above all, what she was annoyed about the most of all was her own emotions.

“There’s no way I…”

“Miss Malatesta? I think the monsters here are all dead.”

“I know that!”

“Whoa!?”

The conversation between an armored man who approached her carefully, and Carina Malatesta who got angry at the ability user from the Metal Knights clan for no reason continued.

“We’ll depart soon so don’t you dare order me!”

“Yes, ma’am!”

When she swung around her staff in a fit of rage, the man replied in shock and retreated.

Carina realized that she was very agitated and breathed deeply and thought – why am I so annoyed right now – Even though she had felt happy when she filled the blank tanker spot by cooperating with the Metal Knights.

While she was pondering about why her emotions were boiling, the Magia clan members who were recovering their mana and collecting spoils of war, whispered to each other.

“Our members dispatched to England should be doing well, right?”

“At first, I thought that man was just all brawns and armor, but he surprisingly has very good manners and a head.”

“Yeah, clan members exchange is what he thought up of too.”

Yes, clan members exchange! She became emotional from that time onwards! Inside her head, the conversation she had with the leader of Metal Knights, Michael Smithson, replayed.

‘Although it will definitely be efficient if we stick together, we both cannot leave our own countries. How about we divide our clans in half and exchange the members? Although it will be impossible for other clans, I think I can entrust my clan members to you and your clan, Miss Malatesta.’

‘Sorry? But then.’

‘I will not let any of your clan members die. Trust me. If it’s us, not to mention Earth, we can also protect all our comrades! I’ll finally catch up to Susanoo so he can’t say shit about me!’

‘……Yeah, well, if you say so, then I’ll believe in you. Please take care of my members.’

That was the end. Metal Knights and Magia divided into two halves and returned to their own countries! The problem was that she subconsciously accepted his proposal due to his handsome words. That’s why, now, she was so…..

‘Problem? What is this problem I’m thinking of?’

Michael Smithson’s proposal was very reasonable. In fact, it was unbelievable that it came from him!

Of course, Carina Malatesta also thought that a similar situation was necessary. But the reason she didn’t suggest that even though she knew about it, was because if they did the two clan masters would……

“Master……. Are you perhaps a little bored since Sir Smithson isn’t here?”

One of the members who saw through her thought process a little hit the bullseye while being roundabout. Carina Malatesta snorted.

“Me? I’m too comfortable now since I don’t have a person to look after. There’s no way I’m thinking of such childish things like being annoyed due to his absence, is there? In fact, I’m wondering if he’s the one being lonely in England right now.”

The clan members of the Magia clan and the Metal Knights clan confirmed their thoughts – this woman had more than just a good impression of Michael Smithson!

However, Malatesta, who would never acknowledge her own emotions even if she died, shook off her hesitation and surging random thoughts, as she pointed towards the front.

“I can see monsters generating over there! Let’s clean them up quickly and go to Milan”

“Understood!”

The Metal Knights members who found her behaviour cute replied in unison as they proceeded forward in formation.

However, just as Malatesta raised her staff to vent her annoyance onto the monsters, she realized that there was a huge mana vortex being created up front.

She shivered the moment she saw that. She had already seen this before.

“Overflow!?”

“Say what!?”

Overflows were nightmares to the ones who had fought against the Orochi in the Kantou region. They were powerless to do anything, while Susanoo swung around his weapon courageously on top of the Orochi’s huge body.

It was horrible to think that such scene would replay here, but what was more horrible was that Susanoo wasn’t even here!

“We need to take care of it now! Activate Concentrated magic!”

“Understood!”

As the environment on Earth were too harsh, the members of the Magia clan had to grind and suffer endlessly and became quite well-trained as a result. The same members instantly came into formation and lead their mana into Carina Malatesta. She received the mana that were focused on to her, and used the strongest magic she could currently use!

“Great Explosion!”

There was an enormous explosion. As an absurd number of monsters that were rushing towards the vortex instantly vaporized, the levels of each members even rose, including Malatesta’s own level.

Once, reaching it was far away in the future, but right now, due to the environment on Earth and her own actions, it might actually be possible to reach 3rd class before she became 30!

‘I’ll show that I can reach it faster than that person.’

Even while thinking about something else in her heart, she gripped on her staff and checked the flattened landscape.

From what she experienced of Overflows, it would be impossible to completely block it with just that. Unfortunately, there was no choice but to drink another potion and pour attacks once aga…..

“Once aga…..?”

However, the next moment, she was met with a too-confusing scene and said her thought out aloud. Well, that wasn’t unreasonable, since the vortex currently……

“Gate?”

“Is that a dungeon?”

“No, I don’t think so. What you see beyond that gate is another world……”

“Another world?

……changing into something that was billions of light years apart from an Overflow!

“No way, is that an Abandoned World?

“Shit, request for SOS! Request for……!”

“What do you mean SOS when we’re the ones doing the SOS!”

Malatesta wanted to cry while seeing the scenery of another world beyond the gate. Why did it have to happen to her when she was away from that person! She didn’t know what kind of frightening monsters awaited inside!

“Michael that stupid idiot! What do you mean ‘divide up’? Idiot, stupid, dumb head!”

“Master, your true thoughts are leaking now that your life is in danger……”

“If you guys don’t wanna die then prepare to fight!”

Even while swearing at the absent Michael Smithson, she was about to get into fighting mode when! a person’s face showed up on the other side of the gate.

“Eh?”

The moment she confirmed that face, Carina Malatesta’s tension snapped and collapsed on the spot.

“Why did such a gate…… Huh, aren’t you Carina? Why are you sitting down there?”

“Master, that’s what I want to ask.”

Coincidentally, the one that peeked out was her own mage master and palace mage in the other world she went to for 10 years!

Meanwhile, such phenomena wasn’t just restricted to Carina Malatesta alone. The iron-armored Michael Smithson, who, perhaps now have a 10 year longer lifespan due to eating Malatesta’s swears, was in the same situation.

“We need to break that vortex somehow before the Overflow occurs! Mages, go with a more powerful one!”

“But we have no mana nor potions!

“Master, monsters are gathering from other side as well!”

“Ugh! You guys defend that side first! We cannot let Miss Malatesta’s clan members be injured!”

The giant vortex that appeared in the capital city of England, London. The moment he found that, Michael Smithson’s objective was fixed to preventing the Overflow. However, he couldn’t expect any other form of help as all the other members were busy blocking monsters!

To make matters worse, monsters were rushing towards the vortex, so it was just hard enough preventing that.

“Shit.”

He swore.

“If Miss Kang was here, then things wouldn’t have become like this.”

“Our master of Magia does not lose to the Lightning God clan’s master!”

“Yes, she’s also amazing. However, both of them are not here right now.”

Smithson, who alternately thought of the two woman with the highest single-attack magic on Earth right now, wished that he could call theme here with just his imagination as he clicked his tongue.

Susanoo? Of course, he would be stronger, but if he actually appeared and cleaned the monsters that popped out, then Michael Smithson would have to kick his blanket in his sleep in defeat.

“……Even so, I wish he was here right now.”

His pride being trampled was still a million times better than his home country being trampled. Didn’t he spend 10 years in another world, and raised his strength after the 1st Great Cataclysm all to protect England?

“Master, the vortex is expanding!”

“……eeek, you guys stay out of this! Protect the mages!”

Declaring that to his clan members, Michael Smithson threw his shield on the ground, then he took out the great sword on his back.

In the 2nd advanced weapons trade, he bought this unique ranked greatsword from Susanoo, well, Yu IlHan! Although this was ‘unique ranked’, it was absurdly strong, making him wonder why it wasn’t of Legend rank.

Yes. Yu IlHan did not do something petty like refusing to sell or selling incompetent goods no matter how much someone hated him. He always acknowledged other people’s values, and gave them the weapons at a price that was no different from 0.

Although he was a hateful guy, Smithson respected him for that.

“If there’s no one.”

He stepped up front. A monster rushed towards him so he split it in half. The greatsword had a function to enhance his strength, and amplify his body weight and imbue it into the weapon.

“I need to do it.”

Also, there was a function to make a blade of mana that was more horrifying than any magic, by burning his own mana. If he didn’t have enough mana, it would sacrifice his records!

“Master, no!”

“Shut up. You guys run while protecting the mages! And tell that man, Mister Unique, that there is an Overflow here! Until he comes, I defend alone!”1

“Master!”

“Masteeer!”

Michael Smithson courageously charged towards the vortex. In that process, he heavily and mercilessly slashed apart the monster obstacles, and struck down on the vortex with all of his mana. He struck down again and again until it was cut apart!

The vortex finally showed a reaction. The spinning seem to stop before causing a strong mana explosion!

“Ugh!”

However, Michael Smithson endured. As a knight that protected the front, he could never step back, against any kind of opponent!

He would protect – the country he was born and grew up in; this planet!

He sturdily went forward and faced against the explosion!

Of course, the scene after the explosion was similar to the scene that Carina Malatesta was facing in Italy.

“……Sir Smithson? What are you doing in there?”

The gate that appeared after the vortex disappeared – beyond it was a person who approached after noticing the presence of a gate while training. Somehow, he had a memory of this person.

“What are you saying…..? Why are you on Earth?”

“Earth was Sir Smithson’s homeland. For me, I’m always in Melotra and tr….. Hm? Why is the scenery different there? Is it a special type of dungeon?”

It took 5 minutes for Michael Smithson to realize that what looked like signs of an Overflow, was just a preparation to open a gate to other worlds.

Although such vortexes that absorbed the mana of humans that fulfilled certain criteria, were creating gates that connected to the world that they were connected to, Yu IlHan and his friends were in the middle of mansion defense, and didn’t realize such a thing was occurring at all.



Chapter 153

Painful cries resounded within the perimeter and around the border of Yu IlHan’s mansion grounds

“Kiaaak”

“Kugagagak!”

“Kahak! Kihiii!”

Would hell on Earth, be like this?

A variety of monsters, over a hundred just by species, were executed in various ways.

“Kihiiik!”

The moment the land monsters crashed against the fences to destroy it, the fences absorbed their mana and transformed it into heat.

50% of the courageously charging monsters dropped out here, and the others who tried to destroy the fences with skills dropped out soon after as the fences spat out even more fire by using the mana from the skills.

“Khiii…..!”

By now, even brainless monsters would realise that coming into contact with the fence would be dangerous. Of course, this applied to only the extreme minority, and the rest had already been vapourised after crashing into the fence!

“Kuhaaah!”

In any case, the monsters that felt the impending crisis spun their heads a little instead of charging recklessly. The answer they came up with was jumping! Whether it was stepping off another monster’s back, or leaping over the fence with their own leg power, they thought of various ways to get over the fence. It was an extremely reasonable judgement.

“Kuoooh!”

And the moment the ‘cleverer’ monsters landed inside the grounds, the 2nd wall inside the ground shot up and pushed them back into the pits of fire!

“Gakukkagagagak!”

“Kihak!”

The other half of the monsters were ground apart here. By the way, there was a 3rd wall, so the ones who could step into the mansion grounds either had enormous leaping ability or were aerial monsters in the first place.

“It sounds horrifying if I ever have to attack this fortress.”

“Well, thanks to that the monsters we have to face were reduced by a very large number.”

The elves who rushed out to the garden while mentally preparing themselves to fight against thousands and tens of thousands monsters in the horde, watched the monsters dropping out of the preliminaries and thought that Yu IlHan was a frightening man.

However, the walls and fences were just the beginning. The artifacts disguised as trees or grass in the garden grabbed and snipped at the passing monster’s ankles, or suffocated them while emitting extreme poison and as a result, their numbers decreased even more.

Even a beautiful-looking flower shot petals at monsters that approached it! Of course, the petals were made of 4th class monster’s bones. 2nd class monsters would not be able to avoid death, and even 3rd classes would receive fatal injuries.

“Master is truly great!”

“His Majesty’s so cool!”

“Dad was cool from the beginning!”

Any ordinary person couldn’t help but be in shock, but despite that, Yu IlHan’s subordinates only exclaimed in excitement at the prospects of their (great and glorious) leader. However, their leisurely attitudes slowly came to a stop. The monsters who managed to approach the garden despite facing all those traps had to be the stronger ones.

“You shall not step inside the mansion!”

“Kihaaah!”

“Kyaak!”

While Paté, who was in charge of the aerial monsters, shot arrows into the air, the rest of the subordinates including Ericia and Yumir, battled against the stronger 3rd class monsters.

A fun and enjoyable mansion defense! Everyone’s experience was rising at a quick rate.

As the mana absorbed by Bittersweet Persona increased more and more, not to mention the nearby cities, monsters over all of Korea charged towards it after feeling that enormous amount of mana. The clans in Korea were shivering in fear, not knowing what was happening, but no one was there to tell them what was really happening.

And Yu IlHan, who was controlling the Bittersweet Persona in his study, was currently in a very difficult situation.

[You have earned 6,284,485….]

[You have earned the record of Lv 108 Twin-headed snake.]

[You have earned 4,586,100….]

[You have earned the record of Lv 104 Ultra Monkey.]

[You have…….]

[You have…….]

“My head hurts enough already but now even my eyes hurt with all these notices!”

[You even get the experience from the ones that died in traps!?] (Liera)

Shouted Liera in shock, but Yu IlHan snorted even while grabbing onto his aching head.

“Humans advance.”

Well, yes. Before, he had confirmed that no records and experience would be gained from the deaths resulting from pre-installed traps or landmines. However, since he knew, there was no way he would repeat that mistake!

“These are not traps. It’s the fortress that I’m directly in control of. To put it, I’m grinding monsters by swinging this massive fortress as my weapon.”

[Even though one would usually think about moving themselves if pre-installed traps don’t work, but he even found a way to gain experience from it!] (Liera)

[That’s one scale, alright.] (Spiera)

Like how installed landmines would not give experience if it killed the monster, but how thrown grenades would give experience if that killed a monster, if Yu IlHan directly activated the traps and the options in the fortress, their records would be transferred to Yu IlHan. He had implemented the fortress to be like that in the first place.

“Of course, records of 2nd class monsters have no meaning to me, so I’ll let the Bittersweet Persona absorb it. With this, it grows and I grow. Killing two bird with one stone.”

He wished that he could soul enchant a thought to take care of the Bittersweet Persona, but unfortunately, Yu IlHan didn’t possess a thought that was on the same league as a chaos-ranked artifact. He thought that maybe higher existences would.

[You have…….]

[You have…….]

“If monsters keep coming like today, then I might be able to level up once.”

[I won’t be surprised. I definitely won’t be!] (Erta)

More and more monsters gathered towards the mansion, almost as if all monsters in the world were attracted to it. There were thousands of aerial monsters in the air, comparatively, the flood of monsters on the land were more than ten times in number. The screeches resounded like an orchestra, with Yu IlHan as the conductor .

The clans in Korea also realized that monsters were currently gathering towards one place, but as no one had the courage to charge towards more than ten thousand 3rd class monsters. The clan members could only watch while sucking on their thumbs.

That didn’t mean that they had nothing to do. Currently, Earth was a monster haven. If the Earthen and aerial monsters aimed for Yu IlHan’s mansion, they left them to do as they wished, and they confronted the sea monsters surrounding the Korean peninsula.

“Guoooh!”

“It’s a giant squid! I repeat, giant squids! More than 100!”

“Everyone charge! Today’s snacks is lightning-fried squids!”

The monsters that crawled out of the sea outnumbered the number of sand grains on the beach. This was discounting the fact that the Traps of Destruction scattered by the angels had entrapped more than half of the monsters real-time.

[We’ve received a report.] (Spiera)

Just as Yu IlHan was defeating the monster horde by controlling various things in his study, Spiera spoke with a slight sigh.

[Although we did expect this to a certain extent, I think that the Traps of Destructions scattered over Earth are not catching up to the magnitude of the monster wave.] (Spiera)

[However, the efficiency should have risen after we let Yu IlHan create the Traps of Destructions?] (Erta)

[I meant that even the increased efficiency is incapable of catching up.] (Spiera)

It wasn’t like this situation was abnormal. Traps of Destructions, were, in the end, just to prevent monsters from covering the entirety of the world, not an absolute device that put all monsters inside dungeons.

Originally, it was quite common to see a portion of a world being covered with monsters after every Great Cataclysm. At times like these, the intelligent species of that world would select zones that had to be protected no matter what while sacrificing others to the monsters. Like that, the monster zones and would be differentiated from the inhabited zones.

How good would it be if it was possible to kill or entrap all monsters into the dungeon? However, that was no more than a delusion. All worlds now, sacrificed the habitable zones little by little.

However, due to Yu IlHan’s desperate attempt, the average level of the people of Earth increased dramatically, and the functionality of the Traps of Destruction also increased drastically.

Also, Yu IlHan himself had created a weapon of mass destruction known as Bittersweet Persona, in preparation for the 2nd Great Cataclysm, so it was instead the monsters that were in a pitiful situation, not the humans that tried to protect Earth!

As such, the angels kinda expected that the people of Earth would perhaps manage to protect Earth while overcoming the 2nd Great Cataclysm, but…….

[Not to mention 2nd Great Cataclysm, the number and level of monsters appearing is closer to a 3rd Great Cataclysm. Don’t you feel it as well? Originally, there is no way there would be so many 3rd class monsters.] (Spiera)

[At this point, I’m even wondering if Earth is walking in a different path of evolution than all other worlds…… If so, we of Heaven will only be able to give you only limited help.] (Erta)

The angels’ voices sounded slightly helpless. However, Yu IlHan consoled them with a bright smile.

“Nah, it’s alright. I put away any kind of expectations I had of you guys after I dropped out.”

[From the time you dropped out!? That means you never had any at all!] (Erta)

He shrugged his shoulders after hearing that.

“The word ‘Expectations’ is rooted in giving up. Expecting something of others means that I myself do not have the ability to solve it myself.”

[And where did you hear that?] (Erta)

“I had no one to rely on until now. And so, I could only do everything myself while crying.”

[And another sad story!] (Erta)

“So be quiet and watch.”

Yu IlHan touched on the monitor. At that moment, mana was concentrated in the scene in the monitor, and reacted with the surrounding artifacts to cause an explosion, killing hordes of monsters.

Even the process of reclaiming the consumed mana from the dying monsters was perfect.

[You have…….]

[You……..]

A series of green text filled his retina.

Although this explosion was an extremely strong one, capable of damaging even 4th classes, if there was any drawbacks, it was that the mana vibrations were too big and caused a wide-area aggro. Naturally, all monsters nearby, within the borders of the country, in the sea, in the air, and even in neighbouring countries noticed the burst of mana.

However, Yu IlHan did not stop there. He activated all the sniping devices installed inside and outside the mansion ground while emitting mana!

Looking at Yu IlHan who was causing a massacre-festival by consuming his own mana, the angels hugged each other in fear!

[Yu IlHan, are you insane? It wouldn’t end with just a hundred thousand!] (Spiera)

“That’s what I want.”

Replied Yu IlHan, his lips curved into a smile.

“I said I can’t rely on others, didn’t I? That’s why, I could only wipe everything out myself.”

[So such a mutant…thing… is born when a loner meets extra time and talent.] (Spiera)

[You have…….]

[You have…….]

As if to delete all the green text that covered his eyes, he activated the options on the fortress again. Monsters died in hordes again. Of course, As Yu IlHan’s subordinates were still in action at that time, the actual number of deaths numbered even more.

And at one moment, the mana ejected from countless dying monsters overlapped again and again to create a huge mana vortex inside Yu IlHan’s mansion ground as well!

Everyone screamed after looking at that.

[That, looks like a concentration of mana, but it’s actually closer to a naturally generated gate! How can a gate…..!](Liera)

[Oh my, I received a report! Mana vortices are being generated worldwide, and if a person that fulfilled certain criteria imbues mana into it, it explodes and a gate connecting the world he or she went t, appears…..! Erta, you were right! Earth is developing in its own way!] (Spiera)

“Uoooh!”

Yu IlHan, who didn’t listen to the angels’ words, thought that it was the signs of an Overflow, like the others, and clicked on the monitor like mad.

All the mana inside the mansion gathered in the vortex and caused explosions. It was an explosion caused from an absurd amount of mana that no one on Earth could use right now! The nearby monsters all vaporized as well. Even his subordinates had to retreat.

The vortex couldn’t endure it until the end and caused a massive explosion! What everyone else on Earth couldn’t do, was achieved by Yu IlHan!

[?????????????????? experience.]

[???????? records of Lv ??? ???????]

[You have become level 146. 3 Strength, 2 Agility, 2 Health, 2 Magic increases.]

On the place where the vortex exploded, there was nothing, not to mention a gate. Just that, the absurd amount of overlapped mana lost their force and went in control of the mansion, and completely refilled the consumed mana.

Yu IlHan was satisfied that he prevented an Overflow, but tilted his head after a series of question marks filled his retina.

“Huh? Although I did have a lot of experience piled up, what did I just kill to level up twice? No matter how great the explosion was, there should be a limit to the damage, so I can’t kill 4th class monsters with it……. Moreover, what’s up with all these corrupt letters? Is the Akashic Record bugged up or something?”

[…….]

[…….]

[…….]

The angels all stared at Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan tilted his head again, and the angels gave up. Nothing would come out of them interrogating Yu IlHan.

“Why are you looking at me like that?”

[Cuz you’re handsome. If you don’t like it then stare at me too.] (Erta)

“Well, if you say so……”

The moment new history was being written on Earth, human history was being written anew.

The mansion defense continued.

For the chaos from the 2nd Great Cataclysm to die down, a little more time was needed.



Chapter 154

2 weeks had passed.

Yu IlHan and his subordinates fought bravely inside and outside the mansion grounds. They killed so many monsters that the huge vortex of mana appeared a few more times after that.

As such, Yu IlHan focused all the mana in the fortress to ‘kill’ the vortexes and let his subordinates take care of the 3rd class monsters, but despite that, the experience from the vortex was truly enormous and he achieved level 155 within two weeks.

Yu IlHan had a short opinion of this phenomenon.

“I knew I’ve done well to build the fortress!”

[Whatever this guy makes, there will always come a time when he needs it….. it’s so frustrating!] (Erta)

[From how it gives me experience, it means that it is an existence with a record, right? And it turns into a gate by inserting other people’s mana……] (Liera)

[It’s also not possible by just anyone. From the current standards of Earth, if it’s not the highest rankers, no matter how much mana is inserted in any way, they would eventually disappear.] (Spiera)

Even the angels couldn’t give a clear answer to the identity of the vortexes. That was because Earth was the only world among countless worlds that caused such phenomena.

Then, the only answer was the human Yu IlHan who was gaining its records, but like how the Akashic Record only put question marks all over, Yu IlHan also only felt ‘I feel like I know it but I don’t!’ no matter how many vortexes he ‘killed’.

“But wouldn’t it be a good guy? It obediently disappears without attacking, and it even give me experience!”

[It’s a problem because it’s connecting gates to other worlds in other places. Well, it might be alright for you, IlHan, since you aren’t connected to any other world.] (Liera)

Like what Liera said, confusion was arising on Earth due to the sudden appearance of portals leading to other worlds in various places on Earth.

Although they were worlds where the people of Earth had lived in, and were different from Abandoned Worlds, they were still other worlds.

Didn’t all the schemes by the Army of Brilliant Light had to do with connecting Earth with other worlds? But now, they didn’t have to do anything, and Earth would automatically connect with other worlds! Things would turn annoying according to how they enticed the people from those worlds.

[What’s fortunate is that not only there are very few people who have enough mana to create gates, the gate also closes very soon unless additional mana is inserted.] (Spiera)

[Yeah, it’s just one day. It’s good that everyone was wary against that gate, if someone actually went over and the gate closed…] (Liera)

“That sounds really annoying.”

They would be trapped on Earth until another vortex forms. People from other worlds would be annoyed, and people of Earth would also be put in a difficult position as well. There was no guarantee that there would be no riots.

Of course, the reverse was possible as well. What if the gate closes after someone enters it from Earth? Well, of course, that person would be able to go over to the world he or she was connected to, but would not be able to come back to Earth. Moreover, if that happened several times……

[There is a possibility that all sorts of people will get mixed up on Earth!] (Erta)

“Now that sounds tremendously annoying……”

But could it be considered as fortunate? As they were busy researching into the gates connected to other worlds, for the last two weeks, everyone on Earth was in a busy situation. No matter where they went, monsters were present in large quantities!

The people of other worlds also restrained themselves from coming to Earth because they vaguely knew of the harsh situation. Well, anyone with rational thinking would not bring disaster upon themselves by going over to another world filled with monsters. It was just the people related to the Army of Brilliant Light and the Destruction Demon Army that were crazy!

Like that, Earth that was undergoing harsh times after the Great Cataclysm had even dragged other worlds in. This could be said to be a period of nightmare for everyone other than Yu IlHan.

Then, to Yu IlHan? Of course, this was a period of exp boost and grinding.

“I wish this would go on for one more month.”

[You are fine controlling the fortress from inside, but the other guys are suffering outside, aren’t they? They would swear at you if they heard you.] (Liera)

[Yu IlHan, there’s another vortex.] (Spiera)

“Yesss, let’s do this!”

Truly fortunately, when a few more messy days went past, people started to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Tens of thousands of monsters had been reduced to just a few thousand.

“The monster horde definitely did decrease.”

[Well, of course it would be like this after exterminating them in such a large scale!] (Erta)

[I think your subordinates also leveled up by an average of 3.] (Spiera)

All sorts of monsters that could fill Earth more than once, were all cleaned up as well. Of course, this was excluding places like the islands in the Pacific, or Venezuela, which had met its downfall since the 1st Great Cataclysm.

Even though people were noisy about protecting the territory of humans, the people of Earth had no choice but to give up on some places. The monsters that weren’t entrapped by the dungeons gathered at areas outside human influence such as the seas, mountains, and countries that had long since fallen.

Oh, this was about monsters that weren’t influenced by Yu IlHan’s Bittersweet Persona. If Yu IlHan had not created this fortress, the map of Earth would have changed drastically by now.

[Considering the happenings in the past few days, didn’t about 20% of the monsters that appeared in the 2nd Great Cataclysm die here?] (Liera)

[Liera, measure the mana concentration 30 seconds away from here. If that place could be considered as instant coffee, this place is a cup of gourmet espresso.] (Erta)

As there were way too many monsters that died within the mansion grounds, the mana in this place was near to physical manifestation and had formed a light fog.

Due to the power of the artifact, Bittersweet Persona, the mana could not escape and as a result, the fog did not disperse, enveloping the mansion and its perimeter.

The monsters appearing nearby would be attracted by the fog, and as such, they would contribute to the mana in the fortress. It seemed unlikely that such a state would change anytime soon.

[Somehow this looks like a mansion from a horror game……] (Liera)

[Don’t mention games, this situation is horrifying enough.] (Erta)

How could a horror game even compare to this mansion where beings entering without permission would die in the most horrifying ways. Moreover, as there were too much mana within the grounds, there would naturally be monsters born inside the grounds, although, the traps would activate and instantly kill them.

“I think it would look cooler if the fog was a little thicker.”

Yu IlHan spoke nonsensically as he controlled the fortress to deliver a finisher attack to the decreased number of enemies, when Liera flapped her wings and stood up.

[Then since things are settling down here, I’ll visit Heaven. The quest to create Traps of Destruction ended so I need to give IlHan the rewards.] (Liera)

“Cleaning up the confusion after the 2nd Great Cataclysm also counts as a quest, right? Don’t forget to separate the rewards.”

[Of course, of course. Well, then, in compensation, quickly lemme.] (Liera)

“Eeei.”

Liera playfully replied and kissed his cheeks instead of exchanging goodbyes. Erta’s eyebrows twitched after seeing that Yu IlHan obediently let her do so.

[To think you made Yu IlHan accept skinship so naturally…..!] (Erta)

[Ufufufu.] (Liera)

Liera flashed a victor’s grin at Erta before leaving. She, who had lost miserably, could only grit her teeth, but Yu IlHan only went back to controlling the fortress.

“Okay then… from now, let’s focus on recovering the monster’s bodies….”

[eeek.] (Erta)

Erta was met with Yu IlHan’s back as he stood up, and she felt really inclined to kick at it. However, Spiera only thought that she was playing along despite being a higher existence.

When four or five more hours went past, the situation finally calmed down. The decreasing monsters reduced even more from a certain moment onwards, and in the end, the endless throes of monsters rushing towards Yu IlHan’s mansion died down completely.

“How can this be.”

Yu IlHan fell into despair while looking at the empty scene in the monitor. Not to mention the giant vortex that connected gates to other worlds, there wasn’t much of a single monster within the screen!

“I’ll be level 160 if I just level up one more time!”

[Don’t go around saying that, the others will die due to high blood pressure.] (Erta)

After checking that the long battle had come to a complete finish, Yu IlHan immediately let his subordinates return. Such was the end to the enjoyable mansion defense.

“Your Majesty, you were amazing.”

“That mana explosion that wiped out the monsters was really……”

“I can’t use that too often. Anyway, you guys have done well too.”

Yu IlHan even felt sorry after seeing their appearances. They had to fight for 20 days in a row without even being able to wash up. However, it was unknown why the elves boasted superior aesthetics even though they should be dirty.

“Wash well and have a nice sleep. Thanks to you guys, we won’t have to worry about monsters for quite a while.”

“Yay!”

“Your Majesty, then please excuse myself to rest.”

“Mirey, let’s wash together!”

“Okay!”

Although everyone was given a room of their own, Mirey, Phiria, and Ericia found it difficult to rest properly alone, and slept together in one room, and this was the same with Paté and Jirl.

Yu IlHan thought that they should all sleep together while at it, but accepted the outcome after remembering that Paté and Jirl were male.

Meanwhile, Yumir seemed to have longed for his dad after fighting hard for so long, as he changed into his pajamas after washing with Yu IlHan, before falling asleep in his arms. His body temperature was warm and felt good.

Although he looked like a perfect 11 year old on the outside, he was still a baby on the inside, prompting Yu IlHan to let out a smile, however, he couldn’t stay smiling forever.

“He’s already level 140. Wow, that’s insanely fast.”

[That’s what you’re unsatisfied about!?] (Erta)

As Yumir was the one with most action in the 2 years and 9 months in the Abandoned World with Kang MiRae, he levelled up the most as well. It was the same this time in the mansion defense, and decisively, it was possible to have such an insane speed of growth because eating dragon meat let his level increase.

Yu IlHan thought back to the mountains of dragon meat in his inventory, and realised that Yumir may actually reach 4th class faster than him.

[Mr. IlHan, can we come in?] (MiRae)

[Yaaay!] (YuNa)

At that moment, guests arrived.

Yu IlHan smiled after checking the guests through the monitor. It was none other than Kang MiRae and Na YuNa.

They actually came to find him as soon as the monsters retreated? It seemed like they like Yumir so much – thought Yu IlHan (wrongly) as he controlled the mansion to let them in.

However, the moment Yu IlHan entered the guest room, something flew in through the window like lightning.

[I’m back!] (Liera)

“Whoa!”

It was Liera. As Yumir was sleeping in one of his arms, he raised his other arm when she ‘dove’ into his arms.

[Receive the rewards! And receive me while at it!] (Liera)

“You’re heavy!”

Immediately after Yu IlHan barely managed to hold Liera while not waking Mir up, a hot aura was transferred from Liera to him, and green text covered his eyes.

[Heaven’s Quest, 07, 08 complete!]

[All status increased by 20. Strength increased additionally by 10.]

[You have acquired the passive skill, Magic engineering. You are now able to bring out the power of an artifact more easily, and the success rate of mana crafting increases.]

Yu IlHan sat down, with Yumir in one arm, and Liera in the other. Then, he tilted his head after checking the skill he had just acquired.

“According to Bittersweet Persona, I’m already at the peak of magic engineering?”

[That’s just practical stuff without the theory. You are no different from having made a semiconductor from just its appearance. Of course, that’s very amazing, but magic engineering isn’t like that. It’s a field of study and a skill that one has to learn if one wields magical languages and mana crafting. It’s also a study that developed naturally across numerous worlds hundreds of years after a Great Cataclysm occurs.] (Liera)

“Hmm.”

No matter how he thought about it, it sounded annoying, but if the performance of his artifacts increased by raising its skill level, then he couldn’t ignore it either.

There would be improvements in the combination of soul enchant and the artifact, it would definitely assist in completing the mobile fortress. And even to the equipments he had to stop on the design phase!

Good, now that he thought like that, his motivation surged. Yu IlHan asked Liera with an expectant face.

“And so, how can I train in magic engineering? It wouldn’t just end with repeating mana crafting, right?”

[Well, I don’t know either.] (Liera)

“I should have expected this from how confident sounding you were!”

[Kyaaak!] (Liera)

Yu IlHan moved his fingers on her waist to tickle her mercilessly. He never could have possibly imagined that it was the best reward Liera could get!

[Ugh, even I only know the basics of magic engineering…..!] (Erta)

[Are you frustrated because you cannot teach Yu IlHan magic engineering, or because you cannot take Liera’s place…..?] (Spiera)

Erta only watched the scene in frustration, and Spiera looked at her with narrowed eyes. Yumir was sleeping soundly as ever.

“……Mr. IlHan?”

“Oh.”

And now, the forgotten guests were standing outside the guest room with eyes wide open.

“I’m sorry. The door was wide open so I entered when I could hear some people speaking…..”

“Can you employ me as a maid hereee?”

“No, I don’t need one. And so……”

However, just as when Yu IlHan was in a difficult situation, pondering about how to get out of this situation, Kang MiRae blurted out something completely unexpected.

“Magic engineering…… is quite well-developed in the world I went to.”

“…….What did you say?”

A savior had arrived.



Chapter 155

Kang MiRae explained her story while drinking the tea that Erta brewed. Meanwhile, Yu IlHan pulled Liera off him and sat down carefully so Yumir wouldn’t wake up.

“The world I went to, Lanpas, has an empire called Palladia, where I’ve been to. Oh, thanks for the tea. It’s very nice.”

“I think I’ve heard of it.”

“It’s the country that succeeded the Magic Kingdom of Illta. As it is an extremely ability-centered country where meritocratic ideals are placed onto a pedestal, anyone can become the emperor as long as they are talented enough. It lead to all sorts of magic being developed to the extreme.”

She also mentioned that magic engineering was one of the fields that were relatively advanced; and that she was sure since she had found a few books about the basics of magic engineering.

“Will you really help me out?”

Yu IlHan became agitated after hearing that. Kang MiRae, while looking at him, felt that she had somehow calmed down and discovered that her fatigue from the long battle had dispersed a little. Truly befitting of a case of unrequited love.

“Compared to what debt I’ve accrued until now, it’s nothing much. Although it is currently impossible due to the situation on Earth, I’ll look into it as soon as things clear up.”

“Thank you!”

“I said it’s nothing much.”

Just as Yu IlHan was puffed up in expectation for his soon to be mobile fortress, Na YuNa, who didn’t feel so good about the two looking at each other with such affectionate expressions, tapped on Kang MiRae and retorted.

“Don’t play around and work!”

“Oh, yeah.”

Kang MiRae remembered why she was here to see Yu IlHan in the first place and returned the sidetracked conversation to the original topic.

“What is this mana that’s being emitted from this mansion? The reason that so many monsters gathered here was probably due to the mana…… To think that mana formed a fog…… I’ve never even heard of it.”

“It will be like this for quite a while. Until the mansion grows, it will be difficult to control all the mana.”

“……Did you just say that the mansion ‘grows’, did I hear that correctly?”

“Yes.”

Kang MiRae intuitively felt that she would be better off not prying any further.

Thinking back, this man had wiped out an enormous number of monsters that gathered from all over the world during the past 20 days. Every time she thought she had gotten used to it, a new surprise would be sprung onto her, it was getting more and more tiring.

“Although there were no casualties, there was a lot of damage to the properties nearby thanks to this mansion attracting all sorts of monsters. Although it’s a little funny for me to be saying this, there will definitely be people who complain about why you caused things to turn out this way.”

“Oh, that’s true. Should I give them compensation for the damages?”

Kang MiRae smiled and shook her head.

“Not at all. Whether it’s chasing monsters out or attracting them, countless people’s lives were saved thanks to your mansion. It’s nonsensical to put properties and human life on the same scale in the first place. I only wanted to say that you needn’t care even if such people appeared.”

Yu IlHan once again felt that Kang MiRae was a truly good natured person. It was unbelievable that she had grown up under the delusional Kang Chan.

However, it seemed that she didn’t know that Yu IlHan would not have been bothered about such people in the first place.

“It’s a very fortunate thing in the viewpoint of protecting Earth. We could worry less about human casualties when monsters appeared here. It’s just that I’m worried about you, Mr. IlHan, as you will be exposed to monsters in the future…….”

“This fortress, I mean, this mansion has an auto-shooting function, so it will be alright. Normal 4th class monsters won’t be killed, but it will be able to tie them down temporaryily.”

“……”

This was a meticulous fortress that relieved the worry from people’s hearts. Kang MiRae decided to not talk about it anymore. Instead, Na YuNa tilted her head and interjected into the conversation.

“Now that I see it, Mr. IlHan.”

“It’s Yu IlHan.”

“Mr. IlHan, did you kill a 4th class monster this time rouuund?”

Yu IlHan shook his head.

“Unfortunately, none appeared. And, it’s Yu IlHan.”

“That’s straaange. We also didn’t meet one.”

“It would have been dangerous if we did. No matter how strong we became, 4th classes are too hard without Mir. Moreover, Earth is only in the initial stages of the 2nd Great Cataclysm, why would there be 4th classes? There are very few 4th classes even in worlds after the 3rd Great Cataclysm.”

Kang MiRae chided Na YuNa, reminding her to not talk about such unlucky things, but Yu IlHan was able to infer that Na YuNa wanted to talk about something from her eyes.

“Is it strange?”

“Yeees.”

“In fact, it’s not like I haven’t thought like that either.”

No matter how many monsters the Bittersweet Persona attracted, there was no way 4th classes would randomly charge here.

However, if they didn’t get caught by the Bittersweet Persona, it was very likely that they weren’t caught by the Traps of Destruction, so if there were 4th classes born of this Great Cataclysm, it could be deduced that they had hid away from human eyes.

“But if they ‘just’ hid themselves, that’s not a problem.”

“Do you also think that there are 4th class monsters?”

“If we think about how Earth behaved until now, yes.”

Monsters were a problem because they attacked humans as their prey. Even Ericia or Flemir would think it was natural that they were hunting humans for records if they had not been under Yu IlHan’s command.

It looked bad since Yu IlHan was in the shoes of humans, but originally, there was no ‘good’ or ‘evil’ about monsters’ actions. It was the same as how humans raised and killed cows and pigs for meat. Likewise, humans could kill monsters for experience without any sense of guilt.

However, if such monsters didn’t appear in his eyes, and hid themselves because they hated to fight, he thought that there was no need to exterminate each and every one of them. Rather, it would be questionable if it could even be called a ‘monster’.

“What if they had another reason for hiding? A very bad reason.”

As such, Na YuNa’s words sounded even more persuasive.

“What do you think, Miss Na YuNa?”

“I’ll talk about it if you call me ‘YuNa~’ with overflowing love.”

“It was unpleasant to have met you until now, and let’s not meet again. Good bye.”

“I’ll say it! I’ll say it!”

Na YuNa pouted and brought out her thoughts. From the scale of the monster hordes in this Great Cataclysm, there definitely should have been 4th class beings appearing, but as if this was all planned beforehand, there was not even much of a single one, and that was very suspicious.

Precisely because it was now that people were being relieved after the monster wave had gone past, it was the time to move.

“Although we have no evidence, it feels a little quirky to ignore it…… why didn’t you say anything until now?” (MiRae)

“Because currently on Earth, only Mr. IlHan can fight against 4th classes.” (YuNa)

“What if you were just overthinking things?” (IlHan)

“Then I can’t help it. I’ll give you a kiss inst….. ouch!” (YuNa)

Yu IlHan watched Kang MiRae and Na YuNa’s affectionate skinship as he obediently drank tea. Meanwhile, Yumir woke up and clung to the girls alternately, so it seemed like Kang MiRae’s anger had dispelled a little.

“You can ignore her words, since she’s an idiot.” (MiRae)

“No, I’ll take a look around. Although Miss Na YuNa’s head seems like it’s empty, there is a sharp point about her, like a small shard of glass in the endless beach.” (IlHan)

“Wao!” (YuNa)

Yu IlHan stood up with Mir hanging on him like a koala. If it was the him of before, he would have been scared stiff at such a mission, but with Ruin Calling, he would have found it easy even if it was a planet ten times that of Earth.

“If you go around and find nothing, tell me. I’ll kiss you!” (YuNa)

“I refuse.”

“You’re being embarrassed!”

It seemed like Na YuNa still thought that Yu IlHan liked her.

Kang MiRae left with (well, if you can call putting her on the shoulders after electrifying her, ‘with’) Na YuNa, adding on that she would contact them soon. Yu IlHan put down Yumir who woke up and prepared to leave.

“Can’t I go too?”

“I’ll come back soon so rest a little more at home. If you become hungry, there’s Jangjorim (meat simmered in soup) and rice.”

“Ok.”

Of course Jangjorim referred to the one made with dragon meat. A homemade food containing Yu IlHan’s consideration for Yumir! There were also sister products – boiled dragon ribs and dragon dumplings.

He took Yumir to the bedroom and made Erta stay with him before leaving. The vast clearing of a garden, came into his view.

“Fuu.”

[Wow, how clean.] (Liera)

The mansion grounds were cleaner than he had expected.

Because all monster corpses disappeared? No way. It was because the mansion repaired itself by absorbing the remains and corpses of monsters.

Of course, this was after he had collected the remains of monsters above level 150, it was a waste to give it to the Bittersweet Persona.

“It’s completely intact, let’s go now then.”

[There’s no way there are 4th class monsters though……] (Liera)

[It wouldn’t be surprising even if there were, Liera.] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan flew up to the skies with the still disbelieving Liera, and Spiera who accepted reality. As Yu IlHan’s flight speed became faster as he adapted more to the Ruin Calling, the angels also had to fly relatively quickly in order to not get left behind.

[Should we really be able to find 4th class monsters like this?] (Liera)

“Whether it’s people or monsters, if they hid from others, then I have the confidence to find them. I think about things from their viewpoint…… I have a lot of experience doing that, so I know very well.”

[I had no intention to attack IlHan’s heart, but I stepped on a landmine again!] (Liera)

[You can just call it the power of the concealment master.] (Spiera)

However, even though Yu IlHan had looked over every single place on Earth with the two angels, he couldn’t find any 4th class monsters. This was including the Pacific where it had completely turned into a monster zone.

Although he found some that had potential to grow into 4th classes soon, it was true that there were no 4th classes currently.

“But since there are so many monsters here, let’s clean them up first.”

[It’s the first time I see a human who can use the word ‘first’ when talking about cleaning up an entire country.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan’s assault came as disaster was wrought upon the monsters. The endless storm of dragon bone spears accompanied with flashes from the Black dragon whip!

In fact, Yu IlHan kind of expected to see another vortex if a large number of monsters died, but it seemed that it wasn’t something that generated just because one wished for it to appear, but there was ALSO a sign of the vortex when Yu IlHan cleaned up the monsters in about 2 hours.

[Even though it’s happening right in front of my eyes, I can’t see through its mechanism!] (Liera)

[Wouldn’t it be a type of monster as expected? Even if we know everything else, we still do not know the mechanisms of monster appearances…….] (Spiera)

While the higher existences were busy making hypotheses, Yu IlHan cleaned up the nearby monsters and approached the vortex. Liera asked while seeing that Yu IlHan was putting away the whip and was taking out his spear.

[So, what are you going to do now? Although it was possible in the mansion since you had mana explosion, would it still be possible now?] (Liera)

“I should try until it shatters. It’s not like it will connect to another world.”

Declared Yu IlHan confidently and inserted mana into his weapon. Eternal Flame, purple flame and Blaze were fused into a white flame, following which he deployed the Spear of Untraceable trajectory while trying to imbue the power of a sword, whip and hammer into it at the same time.

“Hhhhp!”

Yu IlHan’s strike with all his power pierced through the vortex several times!

However, as it was still insufficient compared to the time he attacked using the power of the fortress, he attacked several more times while bringing up all the strength he could muster…… or so he was about to, when the vortex suddenly started to expand with a strange light!

“Goddammit!”

[Ah, it’s exploding!] (Liera)

[Yu IlHan, dodge!] (Spiera)

Before the angels even warned him, Yu IlHan called out Aegis in front of his eyes to protect him. Although the vortex caused a grand explosion, it could not overcome Aegis.

Yu IlHan realized that there was no green text on his retina, and realized that he could not break the vortex alone, and was putting away his Aegis…..

When he was met with a gate that showed a frightening scenery inside.



Chapter 156

A world that was different from any other world Yu IlHan knew of. Such was the world within the gate in front of him.

The sky was dyed a deep red, the lands were black and strange trees that reminded him of Baobab trees were everywhere. The creepy mana flowing out of the gate was absurdly thick and murky and suffocated him.

If there was hell, wouldn’t it be like that? – thought Yu IlHan while taking a step back.

“……And? What is this, angels?”

[A gate.] (Liera)

[It’s a gate…….] (Spiera)

“That’s different from what I’ve heard!”

Shouted Yu IlHan. He could not comprehend this phenomenon.

He could accept that he could not finish off the vortex due to the lack of his ability. He also learned a lesson that he could not destroy it without the firepower of his fortress.

That was fine, but why did a gate that connected to a world which looked like something was ‘definitely’ going to happen in it, suddenly get generated?

“There is no world I’m connected to though.”

[Yeah, that’s for sure. Even the worlds you’ve been to cannot be said to be ‘connected’ to you.] (Liera)

That was also the reason why Yu IlHan attacked the gate without holding back. If it was any other people on Earth, a gate would form before the vortex was destroyed, but if it was Yu IlHan, there would be no gate!

Or so he thought and was relieved, but he was suddenly presented with this situation.

“What the heck is that? From the level of mana emitted from it, it’s nowhere near any world I’ve been to until now.”

[Eheh. You’re so bad, asking me when you know that I don’t know the answer *tehee*.] (Liera)

“Yeah right!”

Yu IlHan stared at the unfamiliar world beyond the gate and pondered on what to do, before retreating with a sigh.

“Looks like I’ll have to stay here for the next 24 hours.”

[Are you not going in? If it was your personality, I thought you’d be interested to experience it firsthand.] (Spiera)

Correct. In fact, Yu IlHan wanted to try going into the world beyond the gate.

However, in the current circumstance, that was beyond reckless.

“If it was any other place, I’d try, but right now, I have too little information. Moreover, even if I go in, this gate would be sustained until the mana runs out, right? Even if I’m alright, if a 4th class suddenly pops out then the situation would turn complex, if it’s a person from another world, it would be even more so.”

He couldn’t enter the gate, nor could he ignore it and go home as it was emitting a creepy aura. As such, the only option Yu IlHan could choose was to stay and guard until the gate closes.

He stepped on poop while trying to level up.

[Kihiiik!]

[KyaoooO! Kyahaaak!]

However, as time passed, it didn’t seem like it was such a bad thing. It seemed like the gate he had generated was very attractive, and the nearby monsters were all gathering towards it like the time with Bittersweet Persona!

[To think there’s still so many monsters in the vicinity….] (Liera)

[It seems like even the monsters that crawled deep into the sea are coming. I guess this could be called a misfortune followed by a fortune.] (Spiera)

“Spiera, could you please go look up the definition of ‘fortune’ in the dictionary.”

Replying as if grumbling, Yu IlHan took out the Eight-tailed dragon spear. Since he had nothing to do anyway, this was a good thing. He could practice the Great cosmos-severing spear while he killed monsters.

“Well, then. Should I warm up a little?”

Yu IlHan took out a Breath from his pocket and sucked on it before charging into battle.

With this, the preparations were perfect. What he had to mind about right now, was to deploy Transcendent Regeneration whenever necessary, to relieve fatigue, and be careful not to get drunk on Breath. Just these two things.

[You look slightly happy, tell me that’s a mistake?] (Liera)

[I’ll watch over the gate. Rampage around as you wish.] (Spiera)

“I’ll leave it to you, Spiera!”

Yu IlHan charged towards the monster horde. As if answering him, the monsters cried and met him head on.

24 hours passed from then.

Slashing the monsters like mad, Yu IlHan succeeded in achieving level 160. However, as he had expected, there were no 4th classes among the ones he fought.

“It really is quite suspicious……”

Collecting useful monster materials and magic stones while flying around, he muttered after checking that there were no more monsters.

[I think we’ve seen more than 30 monsters over level 190, although, it’s strange that there are no 4th classes…….] (Liera)

[4th classes are like that. You should also know the difference a single level brings.] (Spiera)

“Yes, I do. However, it’s because I do and because this is natural that I feel like someone’s telling me ‘this is how it should be’.”

Of course, nothing would change even if he knew. What could he do about them when they didn’t appear no matter how hard he searched?

Yu IlHan turned his body while grumbling. He resolved to get strong enough to clear anything and everything that he met with.

[Looks like the gate is about to close.] (Liera)

Said Liera. The gate that was emitting creepy mana for 24 hours, but was obediently starting to shrink. Yu IlHan, who was afraid of higher existences appearing, was relieved to see that.

“That’s true. Then let’s go home and have a nice sl…..Ugh!?”

[Kyak.] (Liera)

[Hm!?] (Spiera)

Just as he thought that this was just a small incident, he instinctively forced Liera and Spiera into his arms before jumping back as quickly as he could.

Immediately after that, the mana forming the gate was compressed to a singularity before exploding!

It was a horrible explosion, incomparable to the one 24 hours ago, but Yu IlHan was safe as he had jumped high into the air.

“Do the gates always close like this?”

[There’s no way it would.] (Liera)

[Really, we can’t let our guard down.] (Spiera)

Spiera quickly turned mini-mode and crawled onto Yu IlHan’s head, but Liera clung onto Yu IlHan as if saying ‘lets go back like this.’

However, Yu IlHan mercilessly shook her off!

[Why!] (Liera)

“A monster!”

Curtly replied Yu IlHan before raising his spear.

Liera finally turned her eyes on the ground, and she was met with a mana cloud that formed from the vortex explosion absorbing all the monster corpses scattered around.

[Wao!] (Liera)

[It’s fortunate that we’ve recovered the strong ones’ corpses and magic stones. Well, if we knew things would come to this, we’d have collected everything……] (Spiera)

“I’m afraid that I might get caught up in it if I go down right now.”

That, was a scene too similar to the birth of the Orochi. A naturally occurring gate controlled the mana flow until one point, before changing the mana instantly with an explosion and gathering that changed mana to cause something similar to an Overflow!

“The other gates didn’t react like this, right!”

[If they did, we would know already. Rather than a problem with the gate, it’s likely to be a problem with the world it connected to!] (Liera)

Liera also realized that the situation was serious, and turned mini-mode before getting on top of Yu IlHan’s head.

Meanwhile, Spiera bitterly laughed while looking at the monster corpses being dissolved into the murky black current of mana.

[Rejoice, Yu IlHan. It looks like the 4th class you want to meet so much is here.] (Spiera)

“I didn’t want to meet one like this……!”

Yu IlHan aimed for the center of the black mana current while gripping on the spear hard. He was ready to instantly pierce the monster upon its birth!

Eventually, the monster that was born after sucking everything nearby, showed itself. It was a giant-type bipedal monster.

[Guaoooh…….]

A huge muscular body, tinted in black with blood-red lines scattered all over like scribbles was already bad to look at, but the surface of the skin endlessly vibrated, causing ripples along its body; topped off by the hundreds of strands of tentacles from its back!

This was a monster that looked like it was born after mixing all sorts of bad elements in this world.

“That looks exactly like…….”

[I remember that! It looks like the monsters in the perverted anime that IlHan stores on his computer!] (Liera)

“Hey!?”

To think she brought out the treasures permanently sealed in his heart? Wait, before that, she checked the contents!?!!

[Kill it quickly, Yu IlHan. I’m afraid it might actually do the things that appear in that anime when it meets other humans.] (Spiera)

“You also know about it!?”

The monster inflicted severe mental damage on Yu IlHan upon appearance! Yu IlHan glared at the monster while blood laced tears streamed down his cheeks.

“Ugh, I cannot forgive you!”

[Nice shift of blame there!] (Liera)

Yu IlHan brought up the power of Superhuman strength as much as possible, and threw his spear with all his shame and rage, and an extra purple flame+Blaze+Eternal Flame+Dragonic blood combo.

The moment the spear left his hand, he added an extra element of weight of all his inventory, full of monster corpses!

[Critical Hit!]

[Kuaaah!]

The moment the spear landed, ‘it’ cried a horrifying shriek. The power in the spear was truly enormous, and embedded itself deep inside its body after being pierced like tofu even though it was tens of meters tall.

Moreover, the strong flames on the Eight-tailed dragon spear was burning it from the inside, so there was no need to mention the pain it was feeling!

[Kihik, Kuhaaak!]

Not only was there the additional attack increase due to this being a surprise attack, there was also the additional fire attribute damage on Blaze, purple flame, and all sorts of other fire.

To top it off, wasn’t Yu IlHan now an expert of level 160? This was an attack that had all of his abilities inside it, so it wouldn’t be strange even if a 4th class died instantly.

And precisely because of that, it was shocking that it had endured that strike.

“Couldn’t it have been easier…”

[Guoooh!]

The monster glared at Yu IlHan in the air with the Eight-tailed dragon spear still in its body. The single scarlet eye, and the ripped mouth added on to it’s disgusting-ness.

[Hiik! It’s looking here! IlHan, save me!] (Liera)

[Hurry up, Yu IlHan. I do not want to look at that disgusting thing anymore.] (Spiera)

“Uoooh!”

The lines that added on to Yu IlHan’s sense of embarrassment instantly brought up Yu IlHan’s reaction time to the extremes! He poured out dragon bone spears from his inventory and dived vertically down.

The rain of bone spears from the sky with each of them weighing several thousand tons. However, the monster didn’t even think about dodging, and just received it head on, but what was shocking that none of the raining bone spears could pierce its body and just reflected back out!

“Wut!?”

[Oh my god. Look at its skin. It’s reflecting the spears by vibrating at insane speeds at the moment of impact!] (Liera)

“That sounds like it’d get sued!”

It raised one of its hands amidst the raining bone spears, and at that moment, a strong energy shockwave was emitted from the tip of the hand. It was probably the same vibration-type ability like the thing happening on its skin!

[Goooh!]

“Hhp!”

However, as Yu IlHan had expected it to counter attack, he turned in the air to let his wings face the front with shocking movements, releasing a mana shockwave. The two shockwaves that met with equal power caused a massive sound and a grand explosion!

Immediately after that, Yu IlHan went through the explosion and charged towards it.

[Gwuhhh!]

“I shall tell you……!”

It was unknown when he took it out, but right now, Yu IlHan’s two hands were holding onto the thunderhammer. Although all the bone spears were reflected off, the Eight-tailed dragon spear he had thrown at the beginning was still inside its body. This was why he was trying this.

Yes, Orochi’s bones were also included in the range of the thunderhammer’s resonance. Perhaps it was because the Orochi was actually a dragon, or perhaps it was because the resonance on the thunderhammer included all types of dragonkin bones as well.

It could bounce back an object on its skin by vibrating it? He’d welcome that. The vibration it created in order to protect itself would shatter its body completely!

“This, is what it means to kill something!”

[I knew you’d say that!] (Liera)

The moment he neared the head of the monster with a hole due to the Eight-tailed dragon spear, Yu IlHan increased the size of the thunderhammer and struck down!

[Gwuaaahn!]

The moment it was met with the hammer, it emitted an overwhelming vibration on its head. The moment the vibration was transferred to the hammer, Yu IlHan transferred all of the weight of his inventory onto the hammer and jumped back to avoid any damage on his body!

[Guouuwuuuh!]

[Critical Hit!]

At that moment, it tried to shoot a tentacle towards the escaping Yu IlHan, when it was forced to kneel down due to the absurd vibration in the Eight-tailed dragon spear in its body.

[Guhak, Kyahaaah……!]

It looks like it wasn’t able to endure an internal vibration. Its entire body seem to shake, before the strands of tentacles approaching Yu IlHan could no longer endure the vibration and shattered!

[Kwuhhh!]

[Kuhuuu…..]

While the Orochi cried in victory, it collapsed on the ground powerlessly unlike the force that appeared with it. It was a perfect self-destruction.

That was its end. Had it appeared anywhere else on Earth, it would have caused an apocalypse, but unluckily for it, Yu IlHan was the first to meet it and the monster died without even being able to bring out its abilities properly.

[??????????? experience.]

[??????????? Lv ??? ??????????]

“Ah, yeah. I saw that coming.”

Yu IlHan chased the messages full of question marks with a shake of his head, and recollected the Eight-tailed dragon spear, thunderhammer, and the dragon bones scattered around, before putting the horrifying monster’s body into his inventory.

He planned to dismantle this when Spiera and Liera weren’t here, if possible.

“Sheesh, that scared me. If I didn’t start off with a surprise attack, that would have been hard.”

[That monster’s name…… yes. Let’s call it ‘Perverted Vibration Demon’.] (Liera)

[That’s surprisingly a direct name. It would really scare me if it appeared in my dream.] (Spiera)

“So that’s that done, let’s go home!”

[Auu, IlHan’s last vibration attack was awesome.] (liera)

“Stop it. My sanity points are already close to zero!”

Although this was a minor mob that came and went like the wind, it seems like the mental damage it left on Yu IlHan wouldn’t be recovered anytime soon.



Chapter 157

Even when Yu IlHan travelled back to Korea after defeating the ‘Perverted Vibration Demon’, his subordinates were still sleeping. Having endured 2 years and 9 months in the Abandoned World influenced them in a way, to sleep as much as possible whenever they could in preparation for when they had to expend energy.

Although there were signs and traces of thousands of monsters having tried to break into the mansion, the automatic interception system seemed to have cleaned them up.

Because it was an automatic interceptor, Yu IlHan’s experience didn’t rise, but the growth of the Bittersweet Persona would be accelerated. He was satisfied.

“Okay, great. I’ll wash up quickly and sleep. ”

Yu IlHan ran checks on the mansion’s perfect security system and entered while humming. Unlike apartments in Gangnam, he could always sleep at ease here.

Until now, it had been impossible to be completely at rest because he did not let his guard down even in his sleep, but within the mansion, he could soundly sleep with the power of a Resting skill master.

[That wasn’t your full power? You foolish!] (Liera)

[Don’t take him seriously every time, Liera] (Spiera)

Listening to the angels’ usual banter, he entered the mansion when he felt an aura from the study. Why did anyone enter when nothing in the study would work without Yu IlHan?

[Welcome, Yu IlHan.] (Erta)

When he entered his study in a state of confusion, there was Yumir, sleeping on the black leather chair that Yu IlHan used while he defended the mansion for two weeks, and Erta, who greeted Yu IlHan and co after noticing them.

[Why are you so late? Were there really 4th classes in a place out of everyone’s reach?] (Erta)

Hearing Erta’s reasonable question, Yu IlHan’s head started aching again and he vaguely nodded.

“There was one fourth class. That was something really shocking, but Liera will explain the details. Rather than that, why is Mir sleeping here? ”

[He woke up as he was hungry then cleared out an entire fridge of dragon meat, before looking around the mansion for traces of you, until he arrived in the study and started sleeping on the chair.] (Erta)

When Yu IlHan lifted Mir up, he instinctually attached himself to Ilhan. Originally, he wanted to wake him up, but forgot about it after seeing Mir sleeping so soundly. Rather, Yu IlHan’s eyelids became heavier instead.

“I’ll have some sleep before I work too.”

[You have stayed up for 20 days without proper sleep. I would have knocked you out if you tried to do something again in that state.] (Spiera)

[Let me sleep with you!] (Liera)

[You come here!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan temporarily handed Yumir over to the angels, took a shower and then took the child back before diving onto the bed. As a master of the Resting skill, he fell asleep in one second. The angels now had to do some piled up work.

[Earthly matters will get even more complicated …….] (Liera)

[Are there any gates on Earth that remain connected to other worlds? If there is such a gate, have at least one angel watching over it.] (Spiera)

[No, leaving it to an angel is too naïve. We couldn’t completely clean up the traitors last time. We need to ask for help from the people of Earth. We should give out Heaven’s Quests.] (Erta)

[Looks like the power of the Heaven’s Army is going to be lowered even more. We’re already on a tight budget thanks to IlHan.] (Liera)

[We have to undertake this risk. Earth has long past the point of being treated like a lower world.] (Erta)

[Yes, we’ll have to take a firm stance. Looks like I have to propose for a Reserve Territory for Earth.] (Spiera)

[We need to go that far?] (Erta)

As two 6th class angels somehow ended up on Yu IlHan’s side, the discussion between the three of them influenced a lot of the matters on Earth

[Bye.] (Liera)

[I will finish it soon.] (Spiera)

After the three reached a consensus, Spiera headed to Heaven as their representative. If it was her, she could negotiate for the best the Heaven’s Army could do; both Liera and Erta sent her off without any complaints.

[She’s gone.] (Liera)

[She did.] (Erta)

After sending her off, Liera and Erta looked at each other for opportunity, but they soon came to a silent agreement and extended one of their hands in a flash.

Liera’s was fist, and Erta’s was paper.

[Fuu…….] (Erta)

When Erta kissed her fingers in satisfaction, Liera shouted while gritting her teeth.

[Let’s go with three rounds!] (Liera)

[Victory is always decided with one round.] (Erta)

Erta’s will was like a steel wall. As Liera laid next to Yumir after crawling onto Yu IlHan’s bed with a crying face, Erta cautiously leaned on IlHan’s side and held onto his sleeve.

[I think I can sleep comfortably for the first time in a long while.] (Erta)

[Hmph, I’ll spare you for today.] (Liera)

Liera looked at Erta, who looked like she was satisfied with just holding his sleeve, with complicated, subtle eyes, but soon fell asleep. It looked like Erta didn’t say that for nothing, as she also fell asleep quite soon.

Yu IlHan’s subordinates also slept well without waking up. Although all the monsters in the vicinity gathered towards the mansion, they were cleaned up by the automatic interception system without harming a single thing on the mansion

Like that, all the inhabitants in the mansion fell into a quiet sleep.

Even at this point in time, the whole world was struggling due to the residue of the weeks of battle, as well as the gates that were still there, but only this mansion was separated from such chaos.

A few hours after that.

[I’m back. Why is the mansion so quiet?…… Oh.] (Spiera)

Spiera, who came back from Heaven after the meeting to decide new rules that would be applied from that moment onwards, found it absurd that even Liera and Erta were asleep, but left them alone after thinking that they had suffered quite a bit.

Because, things would get even messier from now onwards

Meanwhile, at that time, the master of the Lightning God Clan, Kang MiRae was troubled. It was because she had received a request from a high-ranking person who even she could not ignore, from the other world Lanpas.

“Trade, you say.”

“I’m not talking about the resources of Earth.”

The First Imperial Princess of the Great Empire of Palladia, Irma An Ill’ta, replied.

“Aren’t there pathways to countless other worlds? MiRae, as you probably know already, all worlds seem to have similar resources, but have slightly different ones.. Of course, monsters are different as well. In the process of studying them, we would be able to get a variety of unimaginable, high-quality records… and it will be a great opportunity to develop the magic of our world that has stagnated. ”

“It’s dangerous. We do not know when the vortex would be generated, and even if I make a gate to this place and the people of the empire can temporarily come over, if the gate somehow closes due to a mistake…… ”

“There’s MiRae. What should I worry about? Someday you’ll make another gate.”

Irma An Ill’ta was burning with her desire for progress. Kang MiRae, who had a deep relationship with her, knew very well that she would no longer listen to anyone at this point

“I can assure you. People in other worlds are definitely thinking like me. I am talking about magic, but some may want items, others want monsters and some, human resources. Sooner or later, there will be a market for trading on the earth. ”

She giggled. It was pleasure for her to think that things that have never been imagined so far will happen in reality.

“Earth would have to prepare well. If you cannot control it, it will be very difficult. The management of the Gates, the management of the people who passed through those Gates, as well as the management of the transaction … MiRae, I’ll advise you as a friend. Before someone else does it, Make a place that everyone would need. That way, you would be able to get a lot of things on your hands.”

“Fuu.”

With the sighing Kang MiRae in front of her, Irma Anilta, laughed and added with a smile.

“Perhaps Earth is one of the types of worlds that will someday emerge in the many worlds. Think positively. You can act as a trade center for many worlds. ”

“I wish that there will not be a big mess. Currently, Earth is not in a situation where we can afford to think about other things. But precisely because of that … it would be best for me to step up in order to decrease the potential mess as much as possible.”

Kang MiRae’s expression stiffened. Of course, the ability users with enough power to open gates to other worlds were limited, but even if that was the case it was unknown when an unexpected situation would occur.

The reason the people of other worlds did not harm the people of Earth was because of the contract with the Heaven’s Army, and once they came over to Earth, that contract would lose effect.

Even the Imperial Princess in front of her might cause a stir once she goes over to Earth. Meticulous management was mandatory!

Kang MiRae recalled to the matters about Ferata. While she was fighting in an Abandoned World with others without knowing anything, Yu IlHan was fighting alone against an entire world in order to stop them. Thinking about that, a fire rose in her heart.

She couldn’t rest the Earth on Yu IlHan’s shoulders alone. Now it was time for someone to take away some of the burden on his shoulders.

Kang MiRae wanted to become that person. She was excusing herself that such actions befitted a partner.

“I’ll definitely make it happen.”

“And you think of it that way… You really will suffer miserably. If anyone sees you, they might think that you’re the one protecting all the people of Earth, ”

The Imperial Princess was prepared to have a fight of words when she said that, but Kang MiRae only smiled bitterly.

The Imperial Princess pouted when she saw that Kang MiRae didn’t talk deeply about herself, but she also knew of her personality well. Without stepping any further, she retreated.

“In any case, do your best. Everyone would want to become the main character of Earth. ”

“It’s easy for you to say as an outsider”

Kang MiRae sighed while imagining the people of Earth participating in this incident.

Human greed would not disappear until everyone fell into destruction at the same time. If it was possible for anyone to make the vortex a gateway to another world, then the Earth would have been in a really big mess since a long time ago.

Even at this moment, the leaders of the countries would be racking their brains to think of countermeasures, but even they would also be thinking about how to use this opportunity for their country. This was a natural thing

“The easiest way is to create Earth’s local specialty. If everyone wants a piece of it, then the trading area would be focused there, right?”

“That’s why I’m saying, it isn’t that easy to pick out items that are special to Earth…. oh wait.”

Kang MiRae was retorting when she exclaimed. It was instead the Imperial Princess that was surprised.

“What, there really is one? No matter how great Earth is, it had just undergone the 2nd Great Cataclysm, you know?”

“There is, well…… a ‘specialty’ that anyone and everyone would be greedy about”

Kang MiRae responded with a sigh.

Why was she sighing when she was saying that there were special products? The Imperial Princess was curious, but that was natural, since the ‘special products’ she thought up of referred to the brand Vanguard, whoever was supplied the goods was practically in charge of defending Earth.

‘Why is that person so good at everything!’

It was just a while ago that she wanted to relieve the burden on his shoulder, but she immediately thought of a method that would be reliant on him. She wanted to dig a hole and crawl into it right now.

“So what are those special products? You can let me know, right?

“It’s not that difficult. But before that, I have a request. … It is also a request that your Highness must accept in order to obtain the Earth’s specialties.”

Kang MiRae’s ‘request’ sounded very sinister. That was because the last time such a thing came out of her mouth, a large portion of the mana potions belonging to the empire all went to her!

However, Kang MiRae had practically became the mascot of the Empire. She couldn’t forgo her request lightly. The Imperial Princess opened her mouth after resolving herself.

“Okay, ask me anything. What do you want from me? ”

“Materials related to magic engineering. Anything that exists in the Empire. ”

“Eh?”

An attack from an unexpected direction. However, she soon nodded her head because it was much easier than she thought.

“Okay, I’ll look into it. If it’s the fundamentals, I have some right now in my room…… But the existence of craftsmanship is indispensable for the magic engineering, so in fact, in this era, research on that side isn’t advancing a lot. If you’re the one planning to learn it, then be prepared.”

“No, it is not for me to learn … Actually it is also related to the specialties that your Highness is also wondering about.”

Question marks were rising on the Imperial Princess’s face. Kang MiRae thought that it was about time to reply to her question, and extended her bracelet towards her with a quiet smile.

“Is it a gift?”

“I can’t ever give this to you even if my head falls off. Just check the information.”

The Imperial Princess put her hands on the bracelet even while pouting. At that moment, a series of green text appeared on her retina and…..

“Th, this, this this this this craftsman!”

“How is it.”

The Imperial Princess stood up from her place and shouted without being able to hide her excitement.

In response to the expected reaction, Kang MiRae smiled while putting her bracelet back on.

“Is the value of the special product high enough?”



Chapter 158

“And so I came here to ask for his opinion…… Oh.”

After explaining her story to Yu IlHan, Kang MiRae exclaimed after drinking the tea in front of her.

“The tea is great. What did you do to get this fragrance?”

“I received the most valuable tea leaves from the elves in Dareu. It’s called Fyylita.”

Of course, there was an additional processing through the Giant Bucket, but since she wouldn’t understand even if he explained, he didn’t see the need to say so. Instead, he thought over about Kang MiRae’s proposal.

“To place Vanguard at the center of attention, you say…”

“Although it will probably become like that even without me doing anything…… If we could control that process, things would become much smoother. And there is a precondition for all of this.”

Kang MiRae’s eyes shined.

“Do you have any intentions on selling the advanced weapons to the people of other worlds?”

“You’re right. That’s a big precondition.”

If Yu IlHan refused to sell no matter what, then there would be no solution. As such, it was Kang MiRae who confirmed this up front. And so, Yu IlHan replied with a question of his own.

“If I cooperate with you, do you have the confidence to control the influx of otherworlders?”

“I do.”

Declared Kang MiRae.

“The equipment you make are literally ‘unique’. Just that fact alone would be sufficient to flip everyone’s eyes over, but if you offer a piece of legend tier equipment… even if it was just once in awhile…… I’ll guarantee that everyone from the other worlds will cut off their arms if you ask them to. The villains who try to secretly come over to Earth? The masses will kill them for you.”

“Is it really that significant…..”

“It really is. You are much more amazing than you think you are.”

Yu IlHan shrunk back a little after seeing a madness beyond that of conviction, in her eyes. However, she, had only judged Yu IlHan’s worth precisely. To be specific, the ‘worth’ from what she had seen from him until now.

Yu IlHan, as expected of a loner, was feeling very pressurized from the strong sense of faith from Kang MiRae, but now that he had received the blessing of the god of smithing, it wasn’t much of a load to make a few more advanced weapons, so if the bothersome things decreased with him doing that, he thought that it may be a better conclusion for him as well.

“Very well. I’ll cooperate. What do I need to do?”

“You only need to make the equipment. You do not need to make a lot, and in fact, it should suffice to make only small amounts and put it on an auction. I’ll do the rest myself. I’ll control the people of Earth as well as those from other worlds.”

Kang MiRae sticking her fork into an unknown fruit coated with sauce on the table, as she spoke those words that made Yu IlHan’s life much easier. After that, her eyes rounded.

It’s the first time I ate something so rich and refreshing and so… interesting. What is this?”

“There are fruits in Dareu which become richer if two are put together. I sliced them up and submerged them in the honey that the wolfkin brought over from Kiroa.

Of course, that ‘submersion’ process happened within the Giant Bucket, but… rest omitted. Kang MiRae extended her hand to the cookie next to the fruits.

The cookie itself, was of course, baked in a normal oven, but the dough and the spices were put in the Giant Bucket to….. and you know the rest.

“…..Delicious. So delicious. I’ve never eaten such delicious cookies before.”

“That’s good.

“You made it, didn’t you, Mr. IlHan.”

“Yes. My cooking skill rose quite a lot.”

“You know what. Let’s sell these too.”

“…… Sorry?”

When Yu IlHan raised his head at the sudden proposal, he saw that Kang MiRae’s eyes were spinning. Even though she acted quite meek outside of battle, she was currently fidgeting excitedly with cookie crumbs scattered on her lips.

“I’ve never tasted such excellent desserts before. There probably won’t be any people that have experienced such things in other worlds either. Let’s launch a brand that sells desserts exclusively! Mr. IlHan. this item is one that can grasp the upper echelons of other worlds! This will become a specialty not losing to that of the equipment. I guarantee it!”

“No matter how delicious it is, it’s just dessert, though…”

It wasn’t hard to make them. The tea leaves, fruits, and the cookie dough were all mass-producible. In fact, Yu IlHan had also thought of selling these when he first tasted it.

However, not to the point of Kang MiRae’s words just now. No matter how delicious something was, something that wouldn’t lose out to the equipment? Did that even make sense?

However, if Yu IlHan lacked something, it was experience of living as an upper echelon of society. The psychology that he would never understand even if he died, just by reading books and other materials. Kang MiRae, on the other hand, knew it too well.

“It’s not ‘mere’ dessert. It’s an amazing dessert! If there are two things that people are most concerned about, first is the practicality, and the second is pride. An absurdly expensive dessert that is just as delicious, and produced only in extremely small amounts, only on Earth. This can only go well!”

Kang MiRae finished her words and sipped her tea again. Then, she narrowed her eyes.

“It’s not just the things you told me, is it? There is a special process for this, right?”

“Correct.”

“I knew it. You wouldn’t have only crafted equipment with smithing…… Ah, so delicious. We must start a brand.”

“Okay, I get it, so calm down.”

Kang MiRae received another cup of tea and emptied the dessert dishes. Although Yu IlHan was surprised, as he thought that she had a low desire for food, seeing as how cute her figure was when eating a cookie, Yu IlHan also smiled in satisfaction.

Although Liera pulled on his hair, he ignored it.

“……I didn’t plan to do this. Sorry for my appearance.”

“There are still plenty left, so it’s fine.”

Kang MiRae, who finally realized what she had done after clearing everything, coughed meekly while covering her mouth; then she spoke.

“The production method, I’m curious but I won’t ask. Instead, please pack me some of those tea leaves and desserts.”

“Pfft.”

The high-class luxury dessert brand, Angel Tear, that spread its fame as widely as the brand Vanguard, was born.

After Kang MiRae received a clear answer about Vanguard and Angel Tear from Yu IlHan, she contacted a few clan masters in the Front Line Alliance that cooperated with her to control the entry and exit of other worlders coming to Earth. Together, they made Gangnam the center of all worlds.

That confident-sounding, and in fact, a little over-the-top sounding objective, became reality with just two conditions.

First, Vanguard sells items to the people of other worlds; exclusively to the people of other worlds who had a clear record of entrance. And also, to the ones who registered for the official trade market that would be created in Gangnam!

Second, countries, who do not leave a record and does not manage the people of other worlds as well as the creation and management of gates, will have the rights to purchase Vanguard equipment.

There was no need to advertise a lot. The ones with enough ability to open gates right now on Earth, were all those that had bought Vanguard items before. The ones who would pass through the gates to Earth, should know of the existence of Vanguard, or have their own predictions about it.

If so, what remained was very simple – importing a policy to meticulously manage the positions of the people from other worlds.

If anyone refused, then that person would be returned right away, and if that failed, not only that world, the country that opened the gate would also be excluded from the trade with Vanguard.

When this was all announced, many countries who were making various plans due to the 2nd Great Cataclysm, angrily ripped off the Lightning God Clan and Vanguard; that a mere equipment brand was trying to place earth and the people of other worlds on their palm!

The problem was that they had no choice but to be swung around as Vanguard wished to. Without Vanguard’s equipment, their national power will fall behind that of other countries, and will only face their doom against the monsters that grew stronger by the day!

Vanguard had already became an indispensable existence for all countries. And Kang MiRae, knew that very well.

Kang MiRae proceeded with the plan without shedding any blood or tears. She couldn’t care less about the well-being of other countries. Her only aim was to calm the chaos of the Great Cataclysm down, and make Earth as peaceful as possible!

Of course, the ones who were already in possession of Vanguard items could try to trade those items on their own, but Yu IlHan had already announced that if his equipment was found to have been resold, not only would the item be confiscated, that person, as well as the country that person hailed from, would no longer be in trade partnership with Vanguard. 1

No one would try to cut the stomach of the golden-egg-laying duck. If anyone tried to, their own stomachs would be cut open instead.

If there was a problem, it was the ones with malicious intentions without any concern for any trade with Earth. It was highly probable that even the people of Earth accompanying them were on their side.

This was the most headache-inducing case, and it could only be prevented by requesting cooperation from other clans as much as possible. And if the crime was exposed, then their stomachs would be cut as well.

“Once the initial chaos dies down, and the trade with the other worlds stabilizes, we can make a 2nd branch and a 3rd branch in the countries where the clans that cooperated with us, are from. We will make it so that you can raise your heads up in your respective countries.”

“The countries and clans in Miss Kang’s country would not let that be though.”

When Michael Smithson, the leader of the Metal Knights from England, who had decided to cooperate purely based on ‘good will’, asked, Kang MiRae smiled and shook her head.

“They can only prepare the related laws and venue, and cannot affect us in any way. The ones who have the power behind this is me and Mr. Yu IlHan alone. The core is with us, so no matter how much they shout, it’s meaningless, no? This position of authority will not reverse.”

“Miss Kang, if you really mean it, can we sign a contract? In front of the contract with magical effects, you won’t be getting off easy if you try to scam me.”

Those were the words of Carina Malatesta, the leader of the Magia Clan of Italy, who decided to cooperate, not based on good will, but had ‘her own circumstances’, and was in fact, full of complaints and jealousy inside. However, Kang MiRae nodded her head.

“If you can sign the contract I’ve prepared, then of course. In the long run, it is not good for a single country to have overwhelming power. As I’ve said before, what I want is as little bloodshed as possible. Look at Earth right now. We have no room to fight amongst ourselves.”

Carina Malatesta had to back off while biting her lips. If she rejected here, only she would look petty!

Other than that, the other clan masters also thought about this a lot in their minds, when they said they would cooperate in fear of not being able to trade with Vanguard if they didn’t, but they had no way of enduring without hopping on the big wave lead by Kang MiRae.

The world started changing yet again. Laws related to the residence, and trade with the otherworlders, were created, and many new facilities were built as well.

The place that was met with the biggest change, was of course, Gangnam. Many skyscrapers were erected one after the other, and not to mention the people of the globe, the people from other worlds who visited Earth also focused their attention here.

No one rejected the simple identity check and management process that Earth had put up. This was because Vanguard equipment was the best across all worlds.

Heaven’s Army gave out Heaven’s quests related to the gates to other worlds, and the people moved accordingly. Gates that connected with other worlds opened up one after the other, and there was even a newly created job of maintaining the gates by injecting mana.

A huge wind of change, incomparable to the 1st Great Cataclysm, was billowing over Earth.

In the center of all this were Kang MiRae and Yu IlHan, but unlike Kang MiRae who had to run around without even being able to dry her hair, Yu IlHan was spending time quite leisurely.

How much suffering did he and his subordinates go through until now? From Earth to Ferata to Kiroa, and another Abandoned World too! They had gone against entire worlds in succession. Their fatigue wasn’t one that would be relieved after one or two days of rest.

Yu IlHan knew very well that his subordinates were not masters of Resting unlike him. As he knew about their prior circumstances, he allowed them to have a proper rest this time.

He fed them everything they wanted to eat, and allowed them to do anything they wished to. Comparing this to how all the other people on Earth were faring now, this was no different from paradise.

Since around 20% of the monsters generated over the world were finding their way over to the mansion anyway, they could also raise their experience while playing around.

[What are you going to do about that strange world, then?] (Liera)

“Nothing happens unless I open that gate, right? And for me to invade that world, I’m still not ready yet.”

[I don’t think that’s something you’d say!] (Liera)

Yu IlHan also forgot about the matters he was faced with, and rested like his subordinates. He read books he couldn’t read until now, and played with Yumir.

[Ah, a vortex appeared in the garden!] (Liera)

“Uoooh! Nerf this!”

Of course, if a vortex appeared nearby the mansion, he tapped on the monitor like mad and made them burst. The perverted vibration demon was beyond horrifying just by imagining it. He didn’t want to face another one like that anytime soon.

And like that, time flowed past.

When Yu IlHan judged that he had enough rest.

To be exact, when exactly one month had passed since he lastactivated the Hourglass of Eternity.

Yu IlHan moved the workshop located in the underground floor of the Vanguard building, to the underground workshop of his mansion, and even upgraded it. After that, he gathered all of his subordinates in it.

“Is everyone here?”

“Of course.”

“This will be a harsh 2 months. Everyone is prepared, right?”

The subordinates simultaneously gulped. Only Yumir was all smiles as always. It was a heart-purifying scene, but he now had to restrain from playing around with him for a while.

“I want to start right away, Your Majesty. My body’s all itching since all I did was resting.”

“Ugh, in fact, me too……”

They were at the point of being awkward with resting since they suffered too much! Yu IlHan blamed himself for making them like this, but nodded his head anyway.

“Good, then let’s start. The two months that does not last an instance. We will recreate the brand Vanguard, and the brand Angel Tear.”

[Stop with the details and open it already.] (Erta)

[I thought you spent most of them during the creation of Bittersweet Persona. When did your inventory fill up again…..?] (Liera)

[Great Cosmos-severing Spear! Let’s train the spear already!] (Spiera)

He was now used to the angels’ banter as well. Yu IlHan laughed each of their words over, and activated the Hourglass of Eternity after checking that everyone was there.

Such was the moment when the miracle that would connect Earth with other worlds, was born.



Chapter 159

Before activating the barrier, they had already been assigned roles.

The four elves were in charge of dismantling, and Yu IlHan would craft with the materials that were dismantled as well as the products of Angel Tear – Fyyrita tea leaves, cookie dough, and the fruit dessert, while Ericia and Yumir were in charge of supporting and packing everything that was made through the Giant Bucket.

[There’s no spear training anywhere in your schedule! Roaar!] (Spiera)

“I can do that in the spare time. Don’t worry.”

As no one could catch up to his working speed, there was enough time to train in the Great Cosmos-severing Spear without setting on a specific schedule. However, Spiera didn’t seem to be satisfied with just that.

[Why do you waste your exceptional talent to do something like……!] (Spiera)

[He has too much talent, what can you do about it.] (Erta)

[Fufu, so you don’t want the cookies?] (Liera)

[Your words piss me off….. although, I’ll still eat them!] (Spiera)

Like what Spiera said, the shortcut may be focusing on training and getting stronger himself. Just learning another advanced weapon technique would raise his overall capabilities a lot, and he would have an easier time against any enemy coming at him.

However, due to the expansion of the brand Vanguard, and the launching of the Angel Tear, if they could control the chaotic Earth after the 2nd Great Cataclysm, they would be able to prevent various annoying accidents from occuring.

As the chaos dies down, mankind would be able to develop again, and in conclusion, there would be no more need for Yu IlHan to take care of every single thing.

“So, I work. Until the day I won’t be bothered anymore.”

[I’m not sure if he’s cool or if he’s dumb…… Huh, I think this happened before.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan first proceeded with the processing of the large amount of tea leaves he got from Dareu using the mana circulation on the Giant Bucket.

A strange circulation of mana by the hearts of dragons embedded on various places of the Giant Bucket! The process of amplifying and changing the minute amount of mana in the tea leaves using that, quickly progressed along with Yu IlHan’s cooking skill. He could even see with his naked eye that the tea leaves were changing.

“So if I raise my magic engineering skill, I can wield the Giant Bucket more proficiently, right?”

[Usually, one would think about using weapons more proficiently first…] (Spiera)

[No matter how I think about it, I cannot leave it to that woman, Kang MiRae. Even if I have to look through the Heaven’s Library……] (Liera)

[Anything within the Library is forbidden from being removed. We have to leave as many things up to the human realm as possible.] (Erta)

“Good, the tea leaves will be done soon, so now, it’s…”

He turned around after letting the Fyyrita tea leaves mature, and checked on the elves’ progress, before starting to make advanced weapons using the parts he could metalwork with.

“Burn a little more, that’s it.”

He stuffed the Eternal Flame, which basically lived within Ruin Calling now, with a little bit of spare magic stones causing it to burn bigger. Yu IlHan ignored the prank that it did by flickering its ‘tongue’ out, and processed the materials that had metallic properties, first.

“Fuu, hup.”

The work speed was very fast. Although he was used to repetitive work, not only was he become able to wield Eternal Flame better after receiving it as his subordinate, he also acquired countless records, including the techniques related to metalworking, when he had received the blessing of the god of smithing, contributed to the increased efficiency in all his endeavours.

“But it’s still not enough. Isn’t there some kind of ‘Great Blessing’.”

[Every single blacksmith who hears you will pick up their hammers and try to whack you.] (Spiera)

[So all of those weapons are unique…] (Liera)

[There are legends once in a while…] (Erta)

It wasn’t like Yu IlHan could intentionally restrict his abilities, so when he used the materials from minimum 3rd class monsters, legend-rank weapons popped out from time to time.

The problem was that as there was about one legend when there were 50 uniques, just counting the legend-ranked gears created in this workshop, was waaay beyond the number of legend-ranked weapons produced in a single world, over countless years.

[It’s a little bit of a pity to give them to other worlds…….] (Liera)

[They are insanely strong weapons. Did you not think about a situation where the ones with your weapons may turn against you?] (Spiera)

“It’s alright. I’m going to apply a secret option that only I can see. Even if they die and revive again, they won’t be able to go against me.”

[So evil!] (Liera)

Once a legend-rank came out, Yu IlHan soul-enchanted on it; using the exceptional souls that became loyal to Yu IlHan through Orochi’s assistance! Even Spiera was speechless at Yu IlHan’s meticulous actions.

After all that ended, he set them aside for auction, as Kang MiRae had said. Anyone’s eyes would flip seeing these gears. As such, he had no intention of selling them cheaply. Even if he jacked up the prices, there would be a bomb load of buyers.

What should he receive as currency? If it was rare metals, he had enough he robbed from Dareu, so it would probably be the best if he could receive rare minerals and materials that was specific to each world. Wasn’t it exciting to make a weapon using materials from countless worlds?

“Good, let’s go faster!”

[Even faster than now!?] (Liera)

With the subordinates that struggled to catch up to his speed, Yu IlHan was absorbed in work. Of course, he couldn’t possibly ignore Spiera’s desperate gaze and had to practice the Great Cosmos-severing Spear from time to time!

[Good, you’re becoming better……. Shockingly, that is.] (Spiera)

“Fuuu….. Hup! Hah!”

[So it’s hard to imbue it all at once, huh?] (Liera)

At this point in time, where he could imbue all of the: sharpness of the sword, speed of the whip, and power of the hammer; he only had to fuse them all into one with the power of Physical Combat mastery.

Although this was the most difficult step, Yu IlHan didn’t think that it would take tens of years like what Spiera had described. This was a kind of intuition he had gained after training in various martial arts for many years.

Of course, if he said that out loud, it was obvious that Spiera would be pissed off, so he silently swung his spear; while praising himself for learning to read the mind of a higher existence.

[Quicker! LIke the time you faced the Perverted Vibration Demon!] (Spiera)

“Why does that come out here! Uoooh!”

[Ah, his spear swings became so much quicker!] (Liera)

[So embarrassment and speed goes hand in hand….. That manga was definitely quite embarrassing to read.] (Erta)

“Erta, you know it too!?”

***

Yu IlHan spent a very busy time that he longed for a rest again.

He replaced his insufficient rest with Bloodrink and Breath that refilled his rest energy, but on the second month, there was not a drop of Bloodrink left.

Breath was also decreasing at a rapid speed, but since he had a lot of supplies anyway, he still had room.

The problem was that Breath was extremely alcoholic.

“*burp*, if I get drunk, hit me with magic that will wake me up.”

[Don’t worry. I’ll smash you with a super-strong magic that will blow you out into the universe, not to mention coming to yourself.] (Spiera)

[Don’t send him anywhere! Hold him here!] (Erta)

When a month and a week passed, Yu IlHan finally finished the fruit dessert and the tea leaves, and went into making the cookies, which could be considered the core item.

It wasn’t that the butter was special, nor the egg, nor the sugar, nor the flour. He only left the ordinary cookie dough in the cooled Giant Bucket instead of a refrigerator, to cause the absurdly delicious changes.

Even while watching the circulation of mana that occurred inside it, Yu IlHan and the angels did not have the confidence to recreate that phenomenon. They could only take it as a miracle made through a thousand 4th class dragon hearts!

At this time, Yu IlHan made a new cookie by adding Fyyrita tea into the dough, and received great results from the angels.

[This cookie is insane. It will make America cry.] (Liera)

[Why America. Let’s just go with the world.] (Erta)

[My cooking skill rose by 3 levels just eating it. Although it’s frustrating, I can’t not acknowledge this…… Crunch crunch.] (Spiera)

[Hey, that’s mine, don’t eat it too!] (Liera)

Ignoring the 4th super-mini war between the angels, Yu IlHan kept on making more batches of cookie dough.

On one side, Yumir and Ericia were using cookie moulds to separate them, before baking them in the oven. Once baked, they would package it after cooling them off a little, which would then head into Ilhan’s inventory.

‘Hmmm. I should finish this quickly and start making again…..”

[Kyaak!] (Erta)

However, just as he was about to knead the dough while sipping a pack of Breath, Erta, who flew from being uppercutted by Spera, hit Yu IlHan on the back of his head and what was in his mouth poured onto the cookie dough.

The cookie dough was drenched in Breath, and became dyed in red soon after.

“Ah.”

[Ahh……] (Erta)

[Spiera did it!] (Liera)

[Are you some grade schooler who tells the teacher every bad thing other people do?] (Spiera)

When Yu IlHan turned stiff, Erta became so as well, while Liera told Spiera off before looking at Ilhan. The longer he stayed stiff, the more worried the angels got, but in fact, Yu IlHan didn’t become like that due to anger.

[The skill, Cooking, has become level 78!]

He was stiff due to a new discovery!

“Yes, alcohol could be added to the cookie dough!”

[Hey, that’s extreme poison there, as well as alcohol!] (Liera)

Yu IlHan boldly ignored Liera’s comeback, and kneaded on the dough drenched in Breath

In any case, there was too much alcohol added to the dough, so he added more dough, and kneaded as carefully as possible with all the power of his level 78 Cooking skill. Then, he let it mature inside the Giant Bucket. The angels watched that process throughout the entire time.

[What could this possibly be to make me flutter.] (Liera)

[You can’t even eat it without extreme poison resistance… There’s a limit to how high a hurdle can be to eat a single cookie.] (Erta)

“Just watch silently.”

The cookie dough was placed in the center of the Giant Bucket. The dragon’s mana filling the bucket sensed the foreign object and mercilessly infiltrated the dough and changed it.

The flow of strange mana circulating around the dough, could be clearly seen in Yu IlHan’s eyes. The angels also watched that spectacle and commented.

[Don’t you think you can upgrade the Giant Bucket with mana crafting?] (Liera)

[Such a frightening thought. Isn’t it already at a strange balance? If we interfered any more with it, we might end up losing an artifact.] (Erta)

[Hm, that cookie looks delicious…….] (Spiera)

Listening to the angels, Yu IlHan thought that the idea of upgrading the Giant Bucket using mana crafting was not some distant dream, once he acquired a deep knowledge of magic engineering. Somehow, his dreams on magic engineering were becoming bigger and bigger.

Meanwhile, the cookie dough finally started emitting light. Breath, which had already been processed through the Giant Bucket once, resonated with the mana in the bucket while combined with the cookie dough, and was making an incomprehensible magic reaction. Or so Yu IlHan thought.

[So you don’t get it either?] (Erta)

“Quite sharp……”

The cookie dough kept on emitting red light for a while before calming down again. Yu IlHan left the dough as it is for quite a little more, but he couldn’t endure the ‘you know what to do, right?’ attack from all three angels and had to pick the dough up.

“Mir.”

“Yeah!”

Putting it into moulds, and baking them in the oven didn’t take that long. Yu IlHan opened the oven himself, and an indescribable fragrance spread out through the workshop. At that moment,

[The skill, Cooking, has become level 80! You are now able to make all dishes more deliciously. You are also able to bring out the effects of the dish beyond the limits of the cooked product.]

“My cooking skill rose by two levels at once……”

“They look tasty!”

[Gulp.]

Once during kneading, and two during baking. Considering that Yu IlHan’s Cooking skill was at a very high level due to various circumstances, it was easy to predict that the cookie made with Breath and through the Giant Bucket, was no ordinary item.

The elves, who were arduously dismantling on the side, as well as Ericia, who was packaging the cookies, all looked at Yu IlHan with desperate eyes, but since Breath was added into the mixture, he couldn’t let them eat it so easily.

Only Yu IlHan, the angels, and Yumir, who had Extreme poison resistance from birth, had the right to eat this cookie!

“The poison wouldn’t have been strengthened, right?”

[We won’t know without eating it!]

Liera courageously threw a cookie into her mouth. Spiera immediately after, followed by Erta and Yumir. Now that things became like this, Yu IlHan also bit on the cookie with resolve.

“Huh?”

Yu IlHan exclaimed in surprise. He ate the remaining piece and chewed on it.

“Dad, this is too delicious!”

[Delicious…… It’s too delicious!] (Erta)

Yumir’s eyes were full of stars. Erta also widened her eyes in a wave of pure emotion. Yu IlHan agreed with their comments. Despite being made by him, he thought that people may do anything and everything if it was like this.

However, there was something more amazing to it.

[I feel like the components of the poison has all turned into taste….] (Liera)

“Wait, there’s no poison left at all!?”

Yes. As if all the poison within the Breath had turned into another substance, no poison was left!

“Your Majesty, then…….?”

“Very well. Come here and eat.”

“Yes, sir!”

As soon as they got Yu IlHan’s permission, the elves and even Ericia gathered and ate a cookie each. Looking at them becoming emotional due to the fragrance and the taste, he felt a soft sensation spreading throughout his body.

A magnanimity like the cookie, that felt like it could enwrap all existences! Yu IlHan thought that this was a temporary feeling, but it wasn’t. The next moment, Yu IlHan’s mana reacted and waved as if to greet it.

[For 45 minutes, until the cookie’s power dissipates, Magic increases by 65. Consuming more will extend the duration.]

[You have realized the secret of assigning power to the ones eating the cooking. The skill, Cooking, has become level 90!]

[The effects of the buff increases according to the rise in skill level.]

“……”

Yu IlHan read the text on his retina, and saw that everyone else around him became still just like him. Everybody must be thinking the same thing.

[A food buff… It’s the first time in my life as an angel…….]

The net of the sleeper… ended up tugging on the sleeves of the goddess of fortune.



Chapter 160

“This thing is not for sale.”

[Of course.] (Liera)

[40 Magic? That’s 8 levels worth of stats. It’s the same as your level being increased by 8 for 30 minutes. Don’t even get me started on how absurd such a thing is.] (Erta)

In fact, for Yu IlHan, the effect was increased to 75 magic for one hour, due to the increase of his Cooking skill to level 90, and the effects of the cookie increased accordingly, but he decided not to say it. Instead, he kept on baking cookies.

[Shouldn’t you look into how such a magic reaction happened first?] (Spiera)

“Even if you appeal to me like that, I won’t give you any more. The birth of the Giant Bucket is a result of coincidence in the first place.”

[The only hypothesis is that Breath, made of dragon blood, must have resonated again using the cookie dough as the media, with the Giant Bucket. As you know, dragons are a race of mystery.] (Erta)

Despite having told off Yu IlHan, Erta had made the exact same remark. When Yu IlHan stared at her, she pretended to not know anything and turned her head away, but her cheeks were still red.

[Dragons…… So I need to go kill dragons…..?] (Spiera)

[There’s Mir here so don’t even joke about that!] (Liera)

Spiera, who unexpectedly had a high propensity for good food, seemed to be completely smitten by the cookie, and watched as Yu IlHan kept on making more. Yu IlHan quickly packaged them and stored it in his inventory, to protect the cookies from her demonic hand.

“Let’s call this ‘magic stuffed cookies’.”

[Simple is the best!] (Liera)

[That’s a good name. You wouldn’t be able to say it cuz it’s embarrassing, even if there’s an occasion where we have to say it!] (Erta)

Like that, the magic stuffed cookies that received positive feedback from everyone. About 50,000 more pieces were produced, using 100 liters of Breath, and they all went into Yu IlHan’s inventory. This would make the already strong Yu IlHan even stronger.

Training in the Great cosmos-severing spear, creating products, baking cookies, and producing Breath – Yu IlHan’s schedule was still jam-packed. If possible, he wanted to finish the two months like that…… but the end had arrived.

“Your Majesty, we have no more monsters to dismantle.”

“I think we’ve procured enough products and inventory for Angel Tear as well.”

[IlHan, let’s dismantle the Perverted Vibration Demon now!] (Liera)

“Uergh!”

Yu IlHan vomited blood and twisted his body. However, the cruel angel did not forgive him.

[I’m so excited about what he’ll make.] (Liera)

[Well, it really was a special type of monster.] (Erta)

[I don’t want to see it again. It keeps reminding me of that manga.] (Spiera)

“Manga?”

Mirey took the bait! At this rate, his emperor-in-name status would go down the drain!

With a vicious expression, Yu IlHan turned to the three angels and asked.

“What is it that you want?”

[Cookies.]

[Cookies.]

[Kis……Cookies!]

He opened a pack of magic stuffed cookies and put one into each angels’ mouth. He received the ‘more’ gaze, but since they may threaten him even more, he planned to give them out in timed intervals.

Then, he took out the Perverted Vibration Demon’s corpse from his inventory.

“Whoa, what the heck is this disgusting piece of… thing?”

“Even though it’s dead, the skin is vibrating……”

“Shush, you guys go do some free sparring or something.”

Yu IlHan took out a dismantling knife, and fell into deep thought before he went to work – how should he dismantle this… thing that was still vibrating with a buzz. No matter how he was a dismantling master, he couldn’t know that immediately.

‘Is it vibrating due to the innate properties of the skin? No, there’s no way it’s like that. The tissues are connected. To the heart….. yes, I knew it. There’s a separate magic organ.’

After coming to that judgement, Yu IlHan finally started wielding the knife. Although the vibration was less than when it was alive, he had to spend an enormous amount of strength and magic power in order to cut through its skin, and he ended up having to throw a few magic stuffed cookies into his mouth and raise the output of Blaze in order to cut.

The head which he had pierced entirely – starting from there, he cut the body in exactly two halves, and flayed its skin.

In that process, he had to carefully take out the strands of magic power that stuck to the skin, in which he had to cut through the flesh and slice the bones in order to pull out the entire strand of magic string.

Finally, he scooped out the heart, and took out the unpleasantly vibrating sphere, that was colored in greyish white. This was the core magic organ that made the skin vibrate.

[That feels unpleasant.] (Liera)

[You’re quite brave to be handling it with bare hands. I feel a horrible curse from it.] (Spiera)

“Yeah, my higher curse resistance proficiency is rising by the minute.”

The magic organ contained an absurd amount of mana, making him wonder if it was actually the magic stone, but unlike magic stones which the user could freely control, this thing was changing the properties of mana in a single direction at the same time of producing mana = vibration power.

“I think I can only use it like this.”

[Why do you sound so weak? That’s unexpected.] (Liera)

All of the materials Yu IlHan had handled until now, were those that did their purposes by itself. There were some that mutually benefited other materials, but this was the first time it was physically connected like this.

“Even the skin has countless small magic organs, and not to mention the magic strands, the core is the same. If I had to describe this, this is a completed artifact in and of itself.”

[So it’s difficult for you to do any additional processes on it, correct?] (Erta)

“Indeed.”

Nodded Yu IlHan with a bitter smile. Of course, he could make something out of it by bringing out the structure of this, if he tried, but that would amount to nothing more than an inferior copy of the perverted vibration demon. He needed to look into this material.

He thought about how to use this disgusting, but exceptional material for a while, and murmured.

“Magic engineering.”

Yes, perhaps it would be possible with magic engineering. He felt like the living blessing of the god of smithing was saying that. So, he first decided to keep it in his inventory.

[Is the rest just garbage?] (Erta)

“The flesh and the bones are quite peculiar too. They have the ability to amplify and emit energy while retaining the properties of the energy received.”

[That’s like……] (Liera)

“Yes, resonance. Although the resonance ability lacks much more in the viewpoint that it has to be in contact of the energy, like the Thunderhammer, but the amplification ability itself is actually quite good.”

This was also why its ability had almost no time delay. Not to mention the skin, even the bones and the flesh had magic organs. This was proof that this monster was quite different to the ones he had confronted until now.

However, if there was a disadvantage, it was that it would amplify even outside sources of energy that had invaded the body. The vibration from its magic organ, and the vibration from Yu IlHan’s attack had overlapped to tilt the balance, and claimed its life.

Meaning, this was a double-edged sword, but of course, it would become an exceptional weapon if Yu IlHan processed it in a suitable way.

“It would have been better if there were one or two more.”

[I was wondering why you didn’t say it…] (Liera)

Yu IlHan first tested if he could process the bones using Eternal Flame, but the result was a miserable defeat. There was a considerable ratio of monsters which their bones had metallic properties, but this monster wasn’t one of them.

Moreover, it would just burn once in contact with a flame, and would vibrate and cause a mess once he tried to cut it, so it was a material that almost annoyed him to death.

“Fuu.”

[You’re giving up?] (Liera)

“No way, the word ‘retreat’ doesn’t exist in my dictionary. There’s only left and right turns!”

By ‘right turn’, he meant that he would just break the flesh and bones into fine pieces, and drain the moisture, to make a powder out of it.

The options on the Mixed bone full plate armor came to light in this process. Using the ability which allowed him to create ice by using water and mana, he gathered the moisture in the bones and the flesh, to create ice outside, resulting in instant drying!

[That skill sounds like an OP skill in battle.] (Liera)

“Yeah, if there are any opponents that stay still while I drain the moisture out of them.”

Yu IlHan kindly answered Liera, and poured all the powder into the Giant Bucket. This was because the properties were too weak right now, to be used in anything.

The innate properties of the powder was very strong, and the dragon mana composing the Giant Bucket also couldn’t invade easily, but as there was nothing the Giant Bucket couldn’t conquer until now, he decided to leave it like that.

If it went as Yu IlHan had predicted, then the weapons he would produce would change the weapons industry once again!

[Then what are you going to do while that matures? Are you going to spar like them?] (Lieara)

“No, although it’s quite sorry to say this, they’re too weak to be of any help in my training……. and, yeah, I should train in the Great cosmos-severing spear.”

[Hm, Good.] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan ended up picking up his spear as he couldn’t endure Spiera’s sparkly eyes that looked straight into his. He resolved to learn it quickly to get rid of Spiera’s nagging!

3 days passed since then.

Now, there wasn’t much time until the barrier was dispelled. Yu IlHan finally judged that the powder had finished maturing.

[They all turned red?] (Liera)

[What in the world are you planning to do with this powder?] (Erta)

[On the outside, it even looks like crystal powder. Since I know it was originally bones and flesh, it disgusts me even more.] (Spiera)

“If you see its abilities, you would probably retract that statement.”

During the 3 days of processing inside the Giant Bucket, the dragon mana had compressed the powder particles and made them smaller and harder, even enhancing the properties, and now, they had a property that would explode with frightening power even when Yu IlHan just heated them up with Blaze.

He tested it, and he judged that a palmful of that powder would probably disintegrate a 3rd class monster at level 120.

[Huh?] (Liera)

[This is……] (Erta)

“Yes, gunpowder.”

And a gunpowder that was different from the original ones, in the sense that it would contain bigger explosive power the more energy was imbued into it, whether it was fire, or lightning!

This was a revolution that would overcome the absolute flaw of mankind firepower against monsters.

[So that’s it. You could do that with it.] (Liera)

[I couldn’t even imagine. I thought it was a relatively inferior version of resonance, but never did I believe that it would be amplified by the Giant Bucket.] (Erta)

The entire volume had shrunk while he extracted moisture, and the particles were even more compressed inside the Giant Bucket, so the final amount of powder Yu IlHan had acquired was only about 300 kilograms. However, if he tried igniting all of this at once with Blaze, an entire country would be blown to smithereens.

[This is a top-tier danger material. Perhaps it’s the most dangerous material on Earth right now.] (Erta)

[Are you planning to sell these too!?] (Spiera)

“No, this will only be used for the equipment that I’ll make for myself.”

Yu IlHan already had the motor engine known as the Giant’s Rubber Band. The pile bunker was also something that used the elasticity of the Giant’s Rubber Band.

But what if he added a gunpowder that would generate even more forces by borrowing fire from Blaze? Wouldn’t there be an unimaginable result from the two motor engines working in concert? Things that should have been impossible until now, would become possible.

Especially, in regards to the trial he had to undertake recently.

[Are you preparing it just in case you need to go inside that world?] (Liera)

[Ah, so that’s it. So your aim is to……] (Erta)

“Correct.”

Yu IlHan acknowledged without hesitation. Although it was incredibly unpleasant to say it with his mouth, he couldn’t help it right now.

“I need a weapon with enough firepower to penetrate the skin of the perverted vibration demon, even when I’m not in concealment.”

Not long after that, the barrier made by the Hourglass of Eternity, dispelled and Yu IlHan’s group came outside.

Not to mention the renewed multiversal brand, Vanguard, he had created years worth of stock for the high-class dessert brand Angel Tear, and he had even made new gear to obliterate the Perverted Demon Beast, that had easily deflected Yu IlHan’s long-range remote-collection spear rain technique.

The curtain to the Earth-Trade era had risen.



Chapter 161

Until now, dimensional travel was a privilege for people of Earth. Although they could only move to worlds they were connected with, but despite that, they had gained many things by using the ability to shift between worlds, and the people of other worlds couldn’t hide their envy while watching them.

But now, a path was open to them. If there was anyone on Earth, that was connected to their world and had a level around 90, they could open a path that connects other worlds to Earth!

Of course, no matter how fast the people of Earth developed, there weren’t many that had surpassed 90 levels, and could be said that the restrictions were quite tight, but despite that, over 10 worlds were connected with Earth.

If anyone and everyone came over to Earth, then the people of Earth would have a hard time managing them, so the ones with high social status in that world, and those among them who had close connections with the person that opened the gate, had priority in coming over to Earth.

Mostly, they were high class nobles, who also acted as an ambassador for big countries along with their knights, and sometimes, even the leader him/herself, Naturally, this was because the prospects of vanguard were attractive enough for them to undertake the risks. Of course, it could also be said that they looked down on Earth a little.

“Do we have to attach the name tags to our clothes?”

“Please compromise a little for us since this law was created in order to decrease the chaos that will occur due to people of many worlds gathering on Earth……”

“Hmm…… Very well. Instead, let’s go to this place called Vanguard quickly.”

Controlling the people of other worlds was going relatively smoothly. Well, this was no wonder, because the fame of Vanguard had long since spread to other worlds. Countless people wanted Vanguard, and the countries that had to maintain the gate, had to guide them to Korea while crying tears of blood.

While Gangnam became the center of all worlds like that, Yu IlHan, who had exited the barrier, launched the new brand, Angel Tear, on the 12th floor of the building in which Vanguard was located in.

“Huh? That design looks similar to Vanguard’s……”

“It says the president is Yu IlHan! A new brand on top of a gear brand?”

“Don’t tell me…..!”

Of course, this a brand that was unexpected for everyone on Earth, except one. The most luxurious brand that only accepts magic stones and rare metals as currency! The main products were: Fyyrita tea leaves, various cookies, and a fruit immersed in honey from various worlds.

“It should be a different person, right?”

“It should be some idiot who’s trying to hop on Vanguard’s, fame, no?”

“I just said their president is the same person!”

The ones who disliked Vanguard already started pouring out insults when they found out the brand made by Vanguard’s president, only handled mere desserts and were tremendously expensive as well, but the ones who had bought their products once, couldn’t possibly insult them.

[How can such a taste be even possible?]

[I cried the moment I took a bite. Expensive? This is absurdly cheap dammit.]

[For the first time in my life, did I feel that it’s fortunate that I’m alive. Anyone with me to go hunt 3rd class monsters to take another bite?]

Despite the fact that not anyone could eat it easily due to the transcendent prices, the taste was incredibly exceptional, and rumors about it spread it quickly. Naturally, they went into the ears of the people of other worlds who had visited Earth.

They, who were touring around Earth while insulting Vanguard for not announcing any kind of schedule, quickly came to Gangnam, and was met with a product that was more valuable than any other thing on Earth.

“Oh my god.”

“This was produced on Earth?”

And their reactions to the products of Angel Tear was even more exaggerated than the people of Earth. That was because, they were living in a world that created all sorts of luxurious desserts made of all sorts of luxurious delicacies in worlds that had lived for hundreds and thousands of years after the Great Cataclysm.

And precisely because of that, they knew how incredible these snacks, fruits and tea, were.

“I want to make him the palace chef.”

“Ah, the fruit desserts I’ve eaten until now are all trash.”

“Dammit, I’m lacking money. I should probably go back first and bring back some jewels.”

“We need to procure all the inventory that’s out right now. For the next 30 years, this cookie will be the mark of the emperor of high society!”

The reactions of the people of other worlds, to the products of Angel Tear, was literally explosive. Even though there were some that weren’t that interested in weapons, they couldn’t pass Angel Tear by.

“Aah…… how can a human make such a treasure?”

“If he has such technique, I can safely trust in Vanguard too.”

“The fact that gates to other worlds opened on Earth was not a blessing for Earth. It was a blessing from God that let people of other worlds taste the tears of angels!”

The desserts by Angel Tear was on top of every kind of luxurious food, and it became even more famous because Vanguard’s president had personally created the brand.

Since everything was sold out the moment they were put on display, commotions arose between customers, and there was even an auction.

“That sells well……”

Muttered Yu IlHan while watching the pile of 3rd class magic stones and various precious metals from other worlds.

Next to him, Kang MiRae, who had come to see Yu IlHan’s face, in excuse that she had to watch over the situation on the brand, got all excited, unlike the usual her.

“Didn’t I say so? Mr. IlHan is amazing! From now on, people of many worlds will pay attention to your fingertips. I guarantee it.”

[Why is ‘she’ getting excited, when it’s IlHan who’s doing the production?] (Liera)

[Don’t you think it’s similar to how ‘you’ get excited whenever Yu IlHan does something amazing?] (Erta)

[Great. So I first need to kill you and that woman, right?] (Liera)

While making some new items using the materials that newly arrived, Yu IlHan prepared for the auction leisurely.

Kang MiRae handed him the materials containing the list of people of other worlds who came to Earth, as well as the outline of the people in power in that world, and even the standard of weapons they preferred, at the same time, erecting plans to raise prices to the maximum by fanning competition. The higher the bid is in the first auction, the higher Vanguard’s influence will be!

At that time, the trade center also started to take shape. That was because Kang MiRae had brought in all the power of her family after realizing that more and more worlds were being connected to Earth.

The people of other worlds, who came to Gangnam for Vanguard and Angel Tear, had no choice but to register in the trade center. Many worlds lowering their heads in front of a single brand, could only be said to be a miracle.

Like that, one and a half month after Earth had met its 2nd Great Cataclysm, everything was prepared, and communications with other worlds started out for real.

“Fireta’s items look very peculiar.”

“Are all weapons of Merere like this? Aha, so there are a lot of large-scale monsters.”

Those wanting trade, those who protected them, those who watched, all of these people turned the city upside down. Of course, their average capabilities were high as well, so all monsters that were born in Gangnam, as well as the entire Seoul, were obliterated the moment they appeared.

Well, that was if it was possible to catch them before they all ran off towards Bittersweet Persona.

“Just what is this flow of mana? Does Earth have some different kind of Trap of Destruction that attracts monsters?”

“Seeing as how dungeons are operating like normal, it’s not an Overflow or a Dungeon Break. That’s strange. Such a strange world.”

Earth itself was nothing strange. Although civilization on Earth had quite a lot of differences to the other worlds, there were plenty of worlds that had developed in a way similar to Earth.

What they found special was the grand mansion Bittersweet Persona, that attracted monsters, Vanguard, which handled weapons that were unheard of, as well as Angel Tear, which handled unprecedentedly exquisite desserts. In other words, everything related to Yu IlHan.

The people of Earth found it curious as to how a being like Yu IlHan could be born on Earth, and could not believe that such advanced weapons could be produced on Earth, when only 1 year had passed since the 1st Great Cataclysm.

“So the first auction starts in 3 days.”

“Just the mass-supplied weapons are like this. What kind of things would appear in the auction……”

In the end, the people who came from other worlds, all waited for the auction that would be opened in 3 days. This was a large scale event that the representatives of 17 worlds would participate in!

Yu IlHan, as a loner, who would never be bothered to move himself if something was out of line with his interests, wanted to take care of everything on the 14th floor of the Vanguard building, but to produce maximum visual effects, the auction was held in the central plaza of the Gangnam trade center.

“If you want to decrease the bothersome stuff as much as possible, you need to show off once, in an especially grand manner. Not to mention the other worlds, you need to give a proper performance to the people of Earth as well. Instigating the pride of the buyers, you can spread the value of Vanguard far and wide, and prevent any incompetent trash from scheming.”

Kang MiRae’s words sounded merciless, but Yu IlHan could only agree. There were two legend ranked items among the equipment introduced this time.

Excluding the items Yu IlHan had privately made for Kang MiRae, there were no legend-ranked items branded under Vanguard. The symbolism of this auction, where the first legend-ranked item would be introduced, could be said to be very significant.

The people would realize how much power Vanguard had, and would have no choice but to accept that the communications with other worlds would have to be centered in Gangnam.

To be exact, they would pretend that they were alright with it even when they were not, in order to not get on bad terms with Vanguard. This was one of the things Yu IlHan hated the most, and it seems like Kang MiRae’s biggest worry was this as well.

“You will probably become the target of admiration and jealousy for everyone on Earth, as well as those from other worlds…… Although everyone would be laughing on the outside, the dark emotions behind their laugh are frightening.”

Whether it was admiration or jealousy, this would be the first time Yu IlHan would receive so much attention from so many people. He felt suffocated just by thinking about it. However, compared to Yu IlHan thinking about it relatively lightly, Kang MiRae’s expression was a little dark.

“Regardless of how proactively you’ve toiled in order to protect your precious ones, there will be a lot of people who would hate you and resent you just because you are a great person with many capabilities. You will face many such abominable emotions in the future….. and I’m worried that you may be hurt at that time.”

Somehow, it didn’t seem like she was talking about someone else. Perhaps it was one of her past experiences. She probably had a lot of occasions meeting such emotions until now.

She was smart, pretty, and there was no need to mention her background. And now, even her magic was exceptional. She would have been the center of attention wherever she went, and that attention wouldn’t always be positive.

However.

“It’s alright.”

Yu IlHan didn’t take Kang MiRae’s worries seriously. He always had a trump card that he could use.

“Alright? What do you mean.”

“I only made Vanguard and Angel Tear to protect Earth. It’s not like I have any emotional attachment to it. If things come down to it, I can just leave them behind and…… huh.”

Just as he was about to answer that all of their schemes would become useless once he disappeared using Concealment, Kang MiRae suddenly grabbed Yu IlHan’s hand.

“Ah.”

However, she came to herself and let go of his wrist, her cheeks reddened almost instantaneously. Just as Yu IlHan was feeling a little off with his new experience of ‘having his wrist grabbed by a woman’, Kang MiRae made an excuse with a tiny voice.

“I’m sorry. I subconsciously did it because I felt like your figure was blurring……”

[She read the signs of a skill……? That’s an absurd talent. If not for Yu IlHan, she should be the strongest of humanity.] (Spiera)

[Hey, she’s seducing IlHan, isn’t she!] (Liera)

Why would Kang MiRae seduce him? It’s not like she lacked anything. Yu IlHan ignored Liera, who sounded like she was being picky her little brother’s girlfriend-to-be, and shrugged at Kang MiRae.

“I’m not disappearing. Well, not for quite a while, anyway.”

“You must not disappear. I’ll take care of all the incompetent maggots that try to crawl up, so don’t you ever disappear.”

“I got it already.”

Kang MiRae said something frightening due to her emotions not having been calmed down yet, and Yu IlHan replied nonchalantly. Kang MiRae’s affection was progressing smoothly, and Yu IlHan’s denseness was reaching a godly level, just like before.

Progress wouldn’t always necessarily be in a positive way either.

[And Liera’s rage is about to pierce the heavens!]

[Shut up!]

3 days later, the auction started. Absurd amounts of people gathered to obtain absurdly powerful items, which in turn received the attention of an even larger audience of people!

Someone said that this was the signal for Earth becoming the center of all worlds, but some thought that this was a birth of a disaster.

Of course, to Yu IlHan, who couldn’t care less about what other people thought, it was a day for replenishing his metalworking materials, a day where he would rob almost all the other worlds of them.



Chapter 162

“The auction will start soon, please remain silent.”

Central plaza, a charming elf in tight black suit was speaking into the microphone. As that elf was using an artifact from Heaven, the hundreds of people gathered in the plaza could understand what he said in their own respective languages.

“I repeat. The auction will start soon, so please be seated. Those whose items haven’t been appraised yet should have it done as soon as possible.”

The honey-sweet and spring-calm voice spread out to all the people in the plaza through modern technology.

Perhaps due to that, everyone listened well. Well, in fact, they were all enchanted by the absolute beauty of the elves.

“Is it the legendary elves? My god, to think I’d see an elf with my own eyes.”

“To think he’d treat those noble elves as mere servants…… and such a beautiful one too.”

“There were elves on Earth? Looks like it will get dangerous once this gets into the ears of elf hunters. Don’t we need to do something about it?”

They were treated as ‘mankind’ in Dareu, but multiversally, elves seemed like they were a pretty rare race.

In truth, most of the races here were human, and although there were variations of them, such as being 2.5m tall, or less than 140cm tall, or had a small horn, or had three legs, there were no elves to be seen.

“As expected of Pate, you are the most elf-like amongst the four of us.”

“But Pate is a man though…”

The other elves were also acting as support in the auction like Pate, in their suits as well. Just that, due to a fair, and objective vote amongst them, they came to the conclusion that Pate had the prettiest face, and he was chosen as the head.

“No matter how pretty he is, he’s still a man. Why do those human men have slack jaws right now?”

Mirey, who was a female warrior, but was decorated with tight blouse and a short skirt to emphasize her healthy curves for today, tilted her head. The shield warrior, and the most muscled of the four, Jirl, solved her doubts while laughing.

“Mirey, do you care whether the fish you eat are male or female?”

“But fish are fish though. They just need to be tasty.”

“That’s it! Regardless of gender, if they’re tasty, it’s all……. ugh!”

The lightning-fast jab from the female thief, Phiria, knocked Jirl over at that time. Her eyes had turned scary.

“Shut up, Jirl. I don’t care about you getting into dire straits due to your absurd words, but if it influences His Majesty……”

“Okay, I get it so put your dagger away!”

“Thanks for the work, Phiria.”

“Nah, it was easy since there was less rejection than I thought.”

She had just finished handing out auction coins, by appraising the items that the participants brought.

The master-level smith, Yu IlHan, would see through the value of an item he saw for the first time with absolute accuracy, then he would set a price for it. Ericia would hand the coins out, while Phiria would support that process.

Although she thought that some may not accept the price and try to rampage, there were unexpectedly none of such occurrences.

That was because, first, Yu IlHan’s appraisal was ridiculously on the mark, second, he told them that they were welcome to not trade if they did not want to, and just take them back. Yu IlHan now vaguely grasped on how to wield his absolute authority.

“Fu, His Majesty is so cool for overwhelming those crowd.”

While Phiria fell into another delusion, Mirey asked.

“If it’s only possible to buy items with the supplied coins, is anyone able to afford a legend-ranked artifact?”

“If so, then they wouldn’t be sold in the first place. But it looks like a history of an entire world is quite impressive. There were precious metals that were unheard of, and there was even one person who brought a box full of 200 4th class magic stones.

“Whoa? 200? That’s amazing! Even we only got about 20 after cleaning up an entire world.”

In fact, it wasn’t that surprising. Humans growing up to 4th class was very difficult, yes, but 4th class monsters appeared quite often in worlds after the 3rd Great Cataclysm.

Although hundreds, and thousands of people would die in the process of hunting such monsters, they would eventually end up getting hunted, and despite the low probability, magic stones would appear as well.

Unless they could process that magic stone, those magic stones would forever sleep in the treasury of those in power. Fast forward hundreds of years and 200 4th class magic stones wasn’t unacceptable.

“A single coin is a 4th class magic stone’s worth. It’s nothing to get surprised about.”

“So that means only those who can trade in 4th class magic stones are allowed to participate in this auction…?”

“That’s really amazing…….”

The elves once again bathed in enlightenment after realizing how great their ’emperor’ was.

Well, yes, they did admire him before, like how he made legend ranked weapons like it was nothing, and even bestowed an epic-ranked bow to Pate, but somehow, they considered legend-ranked items as ‘natural’ from some time onwards…… but seeing the scale of the people who gathered here to buy such things, they newly felt his ‘greatness’.

“I’m Kang MiRae, in charge of the auction. I’ll immediately start from the first item.”

“It’s starting. Everyone prepare.”

“Okay.”

“Roger that.”

The presenter was Kang MiRae. although there was an idea to bring a professional auctioneer, they came to a decision that Kang MiRae, who was already quite famous on Earth, and had a clear distinction of power to boot, was better. The neatly decorated elves also helped out.

Of course, the crafter of the items, Yu IlHan, wasn’t present. For him, auctioning was impossible even if he died and came back to life, and as he knew that well, he volunteered as the security.

Pate steered the cart onto the stage. On top of the red cloth was a pair of gloves covered in thousands of small, red scales.

“The first item is a set of battle gloves, made of three different types of leather from 3rd class monsters, and dragonkin scales. Rank is unique, attack power is 4,100. The auction will start from 1 coin.”

“1 coin.”

“2 coins.”

“3 coins.”

The first item was, in a sense, an appetizer. Although the attack power was higher than the official Vanguard items, they were still of unique rank.

Since the price rose despite all of that, it could be seen how cheap Yu IlHan had sold his crafts to the people of Earth.

“Sold at 7 coins. Then, we’ll go over to the next item straight away.”

The people of Earth, who could participate without any items corresponding to a 4th class magic stone’s worth, were flabbergasted after seeing how the gloves were auctioned off at 7 coins.

“Insane!”

“Did that just get sold for 7 4th class magic stones just now? There are no 4th class magic stones at all on Earth right now…….”

Whether they were here in person, or was watching through a TV, or other forms of media, the global attention was focused on the auction in the central plaza in the Gangnam trade center right now.

When they saw the broadcast about how a unique ranked artifact was sold for a price corresponding to 7 entire 4th class magic stones, they were almost knocked out.

“Sold.” (Kang MiRae)

The second item, a unique ranked full plate armor, was even more expensive at 11 coins. Everyone who watched that scene, gulped.

“That’s fucking insane!”

“So it’s really the powers gathered here. And they’re prepared for all of this…..!”

“Looks like Vanguard will take all the magic stones over all worlds at this rate. It wouldn’t be strange if he made a country!”

As the auction progressed to the 3rd and 4th items, the final price kept getting higher. Despite knowing that the latter items would be better in quality, the people could not help but bid because the items shown were too good.

“So Vanguard is collecting wealth in real-time.”

“How would the Korean government think? Wouldn’t they scheme to take taxes off him?”

“I wish they did. He’d leave Korea that way. I’ll definitely make him our citizen.”

“Sold.” (Kang MiRae)

There were a total of 30 items. 28 of them were bid off instantly, and at that moment, Vanguard had gathered a total of 841 coins.

No one was surprised anymore. The people of other worlds were happy to acquire such exceptional items, and Yu IlHan slowly prepared to go out while looking at the magic stones and metals that would become his soon, in satisfaction.

Then, Kang MiRae took a short, deep, breath.

“Pate.”

“I’m going.”

Pate, who introduced the first item, drove the cart again. On top of it was a single longsword. With an extremely sharp blue-tinted blade, a luxurious design that went along the entire length of the weapon was immaculate and undoubtedly impressive.

“That looks like it’s on a completely different level.”

“Who’s the one that crafted such a thing? I felt a chill run through my neck just by looking at the edge of that sword.”

The majority of the people of Earth only thought of it as a pretty sword, but the people from other worlds, who were comprised of at least 3rd class beings or above, immediately realized that the sword was not ordinary.

“This item.”

Kang MiRae took another deep breath before speaking.

“is a longsword crafted by sharpening the bones of a 4th class monster with the ability to freeze the land. It was mana crafted with the original monster’s magic stone, successfully transferring the original ability of the monster and its attack power is 5,500.”

“What?”

All the participants whispered to each other after finding out a mere longsword had an attack power of 5,500. What was even more amazing was that it even had a special ability! What that meant was that……

“It’s a legend ranked item. This will start from 100 c-”

“Now!”

“Hah!”

The moment the word ‘legend’ escaped Kang MiRae’s mouth, there were some people who, hidden at the very back of the stage, jumped onto the stage, They were hiding their presences using artifacts!

What more, was that they scattered magic smoke by throwing more artifacts along with their appearance. They were really prepared for this ambush.

“Heh!”

Pate and the other elves, whose senses wouldn’t be affected by mere magic smoke, attacked the perpetrators with weapons hidden on their bodies, but they were already prepared for it. They had considered human sacrifices and made them block the elves with a wall of flesh!

Meanwhile, one of the attackers, extended his hand, and grabbed at the item!

“Kergh!”

Then froze on the spot, never to move again.

“This side is clear.”

“This side is clear as well.”

“Can’t I kill these things?”

“Although His Majesty will take care of everything, we do need to some of them as evidence.”

Not long after each of the elves completely suppressed the attackers, the smoke dissipated. and the participants, who prepared for a potential battle, felt odd after seeing the perpetrators on the ground, and a frozen man grabbing the sword.

“It shouldn’t be some low-levels that attacked… To think they’d capture them so fast.”

“So they aren’t just pretty flowers.”

Although unintentional, this served as an opportunity to let the others know that Vanguard had fighting power as well. Of course, there would still be some idiots who would aim for Vanguard’s items.

“Fuu.”

Kang MiRae checked that there were no more attackers around, and let the elves move back, before continuing her explanation while pointing towards the ice statue, which was once a man.

“As you can see, it also has an ability to freeze anyone who does not have permission to touch it from the master.”

“Pfft.”

“What, so this was all planned out beforehand? Quite the foolish show there.”

Seeing how she explained like this was all a performance, some of them even laughed. However, the next moment, their smiles froze – Kang MiRae smashed the statue into smithereens with her staff.

“Hup.” 1

Of course, as a result, what was once a man, shattered and fell onto the ground.

“Whoa?”

“She killed him…..!”

If this was a rigged game, no one would have been killed. The people finally realized the faint fury on Kang MiRae’s face. They were all overwhelmed by the strange aura she gave off, and turned silent.

“The auction will start from 100 coins.”

The sword was sold for 214 coins. The most common weapon, and with exceptional abilities. If the participants had any more wealth, it probably would have been sold for an even higher price.

Then the final moment came.

“Next is the final item. It’s a necklace created by mixing tens of different types of mana-reactive jewels, and 4th class black dragon’s tooth. It accelerates mana recovery speed and magic incantation speed, raises the scale of the magic, and has the ability to create protective shields by reacting to the crisis afflicting the user. The rank is legend. This will also begin from 100 coins.”

“Dragon!? 110 coins!”

“Oh my god, just what dragon did they kill and from which world!? 135 coins!”

The necklace, which any mage would sell his soul to acquire, was sold at an even higher price for 350 coins. The one who acquired it was of course, Irma An Ill’ta, the first imperial princess of Palladia empire from the world of Lanpas, who came herself!

“That necklace is now mine! I can do whatever I want with it!”

She rejoiced and jumped around the moment the necklace was auctioned to her, and the other participants, who missed the artifact that would represent that world once acquired, could only clap in bitterness. Although they wanted to cause a mess since the auction didn’t go as they planned, any such thoughts were vanquished once they thought about the attacker that was shattered to smithereens right in front of their eyes.

The auction ended like that. The ones who successfully bid stood up to get their items, and the ones who didn’t, stood up to trade back their coins, when the realized one more thing.

“Kyak!”

“Co, corpses!”

The attackers weren’t just those that assaulted the stage. The ones who schemed to attack, in fact, planned to cover the entire venue!

How they knew that, was because there was a mountain of thousands of people who all died due to an attack ‘that pierced their hearts’ on one side of the plaza. As if it was a show.

“How can this……”

“We didn’t even know there was a battle outside.”

“That’s obvious. This is no battle, but a one-sided massacre. They were all killed in a single strike.”

What was more amazing was that they were all 3rd class beings, and one was even 4th class! They should have hunted exotic monsters with this kind of force, but justice was hammered upon them while they tried to acquire profit for no work!

However, Yu IlHan, who was the sole perpetrator behind that scene, was moving in order to give the items to the bidders, without a single drop of blood on him. In his head, various thought-souls, that came with lifeforce of various people, were crying loud.

“Orochi.”

Said Yu IlHan as if humming.

“Begin.”

[I can eat them once I am done, right?]

“Of course. Oh, there’s a 4th class one too! You’ll be having a feast today.”

[Hmph.]

Orochi snorted at Yu IlHan’s words, and began interrogating the thought-souls. His interrogation techniques were developing by the day, so Yu IlHan moved in light steps without any worries.

The attackers did not take Earth lightly, and attacked after a meticulous planning. They failed despite that, and they were severely punished. And from this moment onwards, ‘they’ would be in an even more sorry state.

Whether ‘they’ be the country that didn’t manage their gates properly, or the world that planned this attack, and any people of Earth that helped out!

‘I need to make it so that they won’t even dare to think of such things again.’

Yu IlHan’s eyes turned sharp for a moment, but calmed down immediately after. In front of him were the treasures that had become his!



Chapter 163

Thanks to the interrogations by the special agent Orochi, the circumstances behind the scheme were revealed in due time. The ones behind this was the country ‘Tsnoer’ from the world ‘Mishta’ which had experienced its 3rd Great Cataclysm and the citizens of The Netherlands who had opened the transport gate there.

The Netherlands had no strong people to speak of, and was out of everyone’s attention. Naturally, they could not participate in the two meetings that traded Vanguard’s advanced weapons.

But at some point in time, the head of the clan alliance in Netherlands miraculously reached level 85, and somehow opened a gate before scheming to steal all the items in the Vanguard auction by persuading the king of the mercenary country, Tsoner. Their conditions were to split the loot in a ratio of 8 to 2.

They probably felt that The Netherlands would no longer have any future at the rate its citizens were levelling. That was probably why they thought of such things.

Moreover, the one that helped them was the king of the mercenary country, who had experienced all sorts of battles and a 4th class thief to boot. They probably thought that there was no way they could fail.

Of course, they were all massacred by Yu IlHan, and failed in executing their plans.

“I can understand why people may think that Vanguard’s advanced weapons trade is unjust and unfair, and that people may hate it. It is in fact, unjust. The choice I made, was to help strengthen the strong people even more.”

[Yes.] (Liera)

“I can understand why they might become restless; and I can also understand that they had to become stronger at any cost. This can’t be helped as humans.”

Any human had the ‘right’ to struggle for survival – he truly did think so.

However, he also thought that they had to bear the consequences of their struggle by themselves.

[It sometimes scares me that IlHan thinks like that, you’re scarily cool!] (Liera)

[This woman’s already done for. The god of love poured poison onto her brain.] (Spiera)

[Yu IlHan’s thought process is now becoming like that of a higher existences’. I don’t know whether to feel happy or sad about this.] (Erta)

The time Orochi spent extracting information was not even 20 minutes after the auction. The Netherlands would have never dreamed that Yu IlHan would have found out the culprits like this, and as such, there was no need for him to hurry.

Slowly, but surely. That was the trick to not failing.

So, he first finished all the auction related trades.

“To think we’d really acquire this sword….. Vanguard, I’ll remember it. I’ll definitely not make you regret selling this to me. I’ll bring some presents next time.”

“I’ve come to take back my items. Shit……!”

“Give me my necklace! My necklace! Ah, MiRae, hi!”

“I’ll check 350 coins worth of items.”

“So stiff.”

Yu IlHan couldn’t care less about the happiness and despair of those who either got or didn’t get the items, as he traded the items with the coins. This was also finished quickly with Kang MiRae and Ericia’s support.

“Finished!”

“Wow, so much.”

Kang MiRae was flabbergasted after seeing the items remaining in Yu IlHan’s possession after the auction.

“That’s amazing. Mr. IlHan. Really, amazing.”

“That’s true. I didn’t know I’d get so much out of it.”

With a single auction, he acquired nearly 700 4th class magic stones, as well as metalworking materials he could use in the future. Although he did expect things to become like this to a certain extent, it still was an amazing amount.

“So many 4th class magic stones……”

“Master, what are you going to do now?”

“First, I’ll need to swap out all the artifacts.

Until now, he needed to scringe and save on the 4th class magic stones he acquired, but now that he had so many it would no longer be the same. Whether it was weapons, armor, or even accessories!

Yu IlHan could stamp out uniques and legends with just 3rd class materials and magic stones. With this many 4th class magic stones, he had the confidence to decorate himself with legendary equipment in every possible slot.

And with these magic stones, which would obviously have enough left over……. yes Yu IlHan spoke to Kang MiRae, who had an even deeper expression than him, while looking at the profits.

“You helped me out a lot this time. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have sold the items so efficiently, or could have made such a large profit. Thanks a lot.”

“Not at all! As I said before, it is thanks to you that a lot of chaos died down and the people became safer….. It was all possible because you listened to my opinion and helped me.”

Answered Kang MiRae in shyness. She felt like she could fly into the air right now, but she was forcing herself to think that it was a sense of satisfaction from doing her job 120%.

And Yu IlHan’s unexpected blow struck her heart.

“No, it was very good since the annoying matters were reduced thanks to you. Since things became like this, I’ll make a new accessory, what would you like?”

“Sorry!?”

An accessory, by Yu IlHan himself? Kang MiRae looked at the thin, white fingers on her hand, and abruptly raised her head. There was also her cheeks, to which tomatoes would acknowledge as ‘Unni!’

“It, it’s really fine! I’ve already received so much, if I receive any more, I wouldn’t be able to raise my head anymore……”

“Yap.”

Kang MiRae was waving both of her hands in refusal, when a woman appeared from her back and grabbed those hands.

“Kyak.”

“Huh.”

Just as when both Kang MiRae and Yu IlHan were blinking their eyes in surprise, the culprit extended Kang MiRae’s hand in front of Yu IlHan’s eyes, while saying –

“A ring would be nice. A ring that matches MiRae’s white and pretty fingers.”

“Oh, definitely, she has such beautiful…… huh? You two know each other?”

“…….Your Highness.”

Kang MiRae, who finally figured out who the culprit was, sighed and pushed her hand away.

“You’ve seen her before, but I’ll introduce her again. This is the first imperial princess of the great empire of Palladia in the world I was sent tot.”

“I’m Irma An Ill’ta. Let’s be friends from now on! And please call me by my name from now on.”

she spoke in fluent English, while extending her hand towards Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan also replied in fluent English.

“I’m Yu IlHan. I don’t have any intentions on being friends with you so please never call me by my name only.”

“Aren’t you a strong enemy!?! How are you so similar to MiRae in this respect? Wait, are you two close because you’re like that?”

“Your Highness, please get off me.”

Irma An Ill’ta was a fair-looking lady with blond hair, that looked like she had never touched a drop of water in her life. Moreover, her two round eyes looked pure when said positively, and idiotic when put badly.

Seeing how such a person was screaming ‘kya kya’ while clinging to Kang MiRae, Yu IlHan couldn’t help but smile as she rather resembled Na YuNa. Why was Kang MiRae so popular with such women.

Just as when he was thinking that, the imperial princess threw a sharp question.

“The one who killed the ones outside was you, Mr. Yu IlHan, wasn’t it? Even though I look like this, I’m skilled enough in magic to read such traces!”

“I have no intentions on hiding it. On Earth, only I am capable of such a feat, so I can’t even hide it anyway. Did you come here to ask about that?”

“No, it’s not that…… but why is your face turning rotten like that so suddenly?”

Was it that unpleasant to talk with her!? – The imperial princess was slightly shocked on the inside, but the reason why Yu IlHan’s expression turned rotten was because he had found the figure of Na YuNa who was running over here with a bright smile on her face.

Her chest made pendicular movements whenever she moved around violently, putting Yu IlHan’s heart in a difficult position, but what was even more difficult was her existence itself.

‘There’s nothing more frightening than two Na YuNas in the same place.’

She clung to him so much nowadays even without this, saying that it was unfair that he only hung out with MiRae. Yu IlHan hated her, whether it was her four-dimensional actions, speech, and mysterious wishes, as well as her childish actions.

So, Yu IlHan decided to ditch whatever ‘slowly, but surely’ he had in his mind, and decided to leave this place right now.

“I have something I need to look into, so I’ll take my leave first. Ericia, I’ll be back soon, so clean up and rest. Oh, Miss MiRae, I’ll make the ring soon so please wait a little.

“Sorry!? R, ring? No, I-!”

While Kang MiRae was at a loss of what to say in panic, Yu IlHan extended his Ruin Calling.

“Oh my, how cool. Just what is this……”

“Hup!”

The moment Irma An Ill’ta blinked her eyes in surprise due to encountering such a weirdly shaped pair of wings, Yu IlHan jumped on the spot and disappeared. He had leaped several kilometers into the air in a blink of an eye!”

“Wao!”

Na YuNa, who arrived a step late, exclaimed in her usual banter.

“He ran away because he’s embarrassed to see me, didn’t he? How cute!”

“……That’s one optimistic view you have there.”

Kang MiRae, who finally regained her calm now that Yu IlHan was gone, lightly pushed the imperial princess away, and straightened her clothes. However, her expression contained a slight satisfaction. It was cute how she was straightening her sleeves without showing it.

“You need to thank me, no?”

The imperial princess, who would never such an expression, spoke in a teasing tone. Kang MiRae snorted with a hmph, and replied as if nothing had happened.

“If it’s not a ring for the ring finger, there’s no meaning in it.”

“Oh? You already thought that far?”

“Uh!”

Kang MiRae’s cheeks instantly reddened like a volcano about to erupt. She took a severe blow this time.

“What are you two talking about?”

Asked Na YuNa in a naïve voice. Kang MiRae refused to speak, and the imperial princess whistled, and Ericia, who watched the process throughout the entire time, snorted.

In Ericia’s view, not to mention Kang MiRae, all three women in this place were not worthy of Yu IlHan.

No, in the first place, it was funny how Kang MiRae thought of Yu IlHan as a potential lover. There was such a large disparity in strength, and she couldn’t understand why human tradition brought morals, society and whatnot to place everyone on the same level.

What about the wolfkin Ericia? After the complete defeat whether it was in simple fighting power, or strategy, Yu IlHan was a target of idolization and servitude. She would follow whatever he orders her to do, and he would give her a reward if she satisfied him.

Although it would be thankful if he bestowed a blessing to Ericia for the future of wolfkin, she would never ask for one herself. That was natural.

So, she had to do what he ordered her to do, to the best of her abilities.

“I’m going to clean up here and go. What are you going to do?” (Ericia)

“I have something to consult Mr. IlHan about, so I’m going to wait. I’ll help out while I wait, Ericia.” (MiRae)

The two capable women immediately found work and began. Na YuNa and the imperial princess who were left out, looked at each other for a moment before closing their mouths. Although they were introduced to each other through Kang MiRae, they weren’t close yet.

But at that time, the imperial princess shouted in realization.

“Oh yeah. I had something to talk to him about! Magic engineering!”

“Why are you bringing that up only now!”

Kang MiRae, who was incinerating the documents on the desk with lightning abruptly turned her head and shouted. A strand of lightning escaped her and made the imperial princess flinch.

“It was fun teasing MiRae, so….. I’ll wait here too.” (Irma)

“I also came here to talk to him, so I’ll wait here too.” (YuNa)

“Then please work hard while you wait. There’s a lot to clean up.” (Ericia)

Ericia Declared. The imperial princess, and Na YuNa, who hated physical labor, both took a step back, but Ericia lifted them up by the neck in no time with an even brighter smile.

She was a wolf, and she would never let go of a prey once captured.

“Please present your respect to master in action. So, work.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

While the wolf was making a princess and a holy maiden work, Yu IlHan was flying towards the Netherlands. Even New York took only 17 minutes, so Netherlands took an even shorter time.

[What are you going to do? Kill all of them?] (Erta)

“The clan alliance? Nah.”

Yu IlHan laughed as he shook his head.

“Although it angers me that they attacked the auction venue, the current situation is a lot different to Ferata. Even if I kill all of them, only the innocent people living in Netherlands would suffer due to the lack of a shield.”

[Then what are you going to do there?] (Liera)

“To steal.”

[……To steal?] (Liera)

Yu IlHan soon arrived at his destination. The gate that the Head of the clan alliance of Netherlands, opened in secret, leading to Tsoner of Mishta!

That place was strictly guarded by the members of the clan alliance, but no matter how many people there were, it was impossible to catch Yu IlHan in concealment. Yu IlHan smiled and posed himself.

“Yu IlHan, departs!”

[You really don’t get tired, do you!] (Erta)

He immediately ran into the gate. Just as when he let his body relax into the strange sensation he would never get used to, the scenery in front of his eyes became different.

Unlike Earth just before, there was a gloomy ash-grey sky. It was raining slightly, so he immediately realized that he was really transported to another world.

At that time, a voice, not belonging to the people of Earth, flowed into his ears along with the rain sounds.

“When is His Majesty coming back?”

“He was already so strong, but if he gets his hands on such a weapon…… I look forward to it.”

“Hey, stop talking.”

An even more number of people were guarding the gate, and it looks like they couldn’t help it since it was their King that had went through.

“That’s one strict guard.”

[It looks like it was done in secret.] (Erta)

What good was having guards, when they couldn’t even see a single Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan waved at them while exiting that place.

The place the gate was placed, was inside a giant castle made for warfare. This castle was like a symbol of the mercenary country where the king took care of what little administrative affairs there were.

“And there’s also a secret treasure vault too.”

[How did you know that?] (Liera)

“Our proud Orochi found that out.”

[Krrr. That’s nothing.] (Orochi)

Ignoring Orochi, Yu IlHan quickly found his way to the treasure vault, and entered after breaking through the front door. Although he made a loud noise, there was no concern. Unless he attacked someone and failed to kill them, his concealment would not wear off!

“Wao.”

The treasure vault was full of glittering precious metals. Not only that, there was also a large amount of precious metals unique to this world, which made Yu IlHan nod in satisfaction.

“Was this some thief country and not a mercenary country?”

[Well, there’s not much difference between the two. Oh, that necklace looks pretty.] (Erta)

[IlHan, I want that crystal ring over theeere!] (Liera)

“Yeah, yeah.”

With this much, they could have taken a unique rank without difficulties even if legend rank was pushing it a little. Well, human greed always brought doom upon them.

Well, since Yu IlHan had made a huge profit thanks to it all was good. He transported everything inside the vault into his inventory. Remote collection’s action time! Concealment and remote collection. Now that was the ideal thief skill set.

“Good, I’m done.”

[I thought I was looking at disappearance magic and not remote collection.] (Liera)

What was just as important as quiet infiltration and quick work, in the line of thievery, was quick retreat. Unlike the poor skills of the thieves that infiltrated the auction venue, Yu IlHan perfectly robbed the entire place, and left that place while still in concealment, until he reached the gate.

“Well then.”

Checking the figures of the warriors waiting outside the gate without even knowing what happened inside the castle, Yu IlHan stepped half into the gate, before throwing the Tsoner kings’s head that had been in his inventory.

The head flew quite far and smashed into the castle walls with a ‘splat’, and the people immediately found out the identity of the person whom the head belonged to.

“Th, His Majesty the King has…”

“His Majesty died!?”

“Just what… Who could kill him when he reached the 4th class…….!”

“No, this must be a fake. This is a fake!”

Now, from now was the real deal – Yu IlHan thought while jumping into the gate without hesitation.

A portion of them would come over to The Netherlands in rage, and at that time, Yu IlHan would be able to decide on his further actions according to the reactions of the clan alliance.

He would probably have no choice but to kill someone. If it was possible, it would be good if as little blood was shed as possible, but now that the pimple was popped, he had to squeeze out all the stuff! Yu IlHan thought that this was the most foolproof method.

“Oh, well then. Should I confiscate the mass-supplied weapons in Netherlands first?”

[I don’t even get who’s the bad guy now.] (Erta)

The people of Tsoner reacted more violently than Yu IlHan had thought – all the forces guarding the gate, as well as the military inside the castle invaded Earth!

Netherlands panicked, and the clan alliance panicked even more. They didn’t know why those people were reacting so violently, but there was no one to explain. Like that, everyone was sucked into chaos.

The Netherlands incident only calmed down after 11 hours passed.

The actions of Netherlands, the clan alliance, as well as Tsoner, became known to everyone in the world, and after that, gates connecting to Mishta no longer opened on Earth.

Vanguard had confiscated all of the weapons sold to the Netherlands, and declared that they would have no further interactions with the country and its main clans, resulting in many people residing in Netherlands seeking asylum in other countries.

Moreover, since the clan alliance, the core faction that protected the country, was doomed, Netherlands soon failed to hold up its functions as a country and met its downfall.

A completely intact country falling into the depths of history, while trying to scheme against Vanguard, became a frightening warning to the other countries on Earth. They realized that anyone would be fucked up if they tried to touch Vanguard.

That was the moment when the order of the world was clearly engraved into everyone.



Chapter 164

Around two days time was taken for Yu IlHan to: 1. confiscate the mass-supplied Vanguard gear, 2. finish up the battle between Tsoner and Netherlands, and 3. Checking that the gate was completely closed. It had taken more time than he had expected.

When he came back Korea after cleaning things up, all traces regarding the auction in the central plaza was gone. Of course, this included the attackers that died there.

It hadn’t even been 3 days, but the people were walking around in liveliness as if nothing of the sort had happened at all, while embracing the joy of inter-versal trade.

[Humanity really is amazing.] (Spiera)

[But they won’t be able to forget it. It should have become a plenty of a warning to the others.] (Erta)

Yu IlHan succeeded in spotting Kang MiRae and Irma An Ill’ta in the overflowing crowd.

“Ah, they’re still here.”

[Why isn’t that woman going back? Don’t tell me she has ulterior motives for IlHan……] (Liera)

[There’s no way that all women in the world like Yu IlHan. Please calm down, since a cool man in your eyes may not be the same for others.] (Spiera)

It wasn’t just Kang MiRae and Irma An Ill’ta. Ericia, Na YuNa, the elves, and even Yumir were with them, and were attracting attention from everywhere, so it would be strange if he couldn’t find them instead!

“Dad!”

“Yes, yes. I’m back.”

At the same time Yu IlHan lightly landed next to them and folded his wings, Yumir, who noticed his presence, jumped up into his embrace. Just as when Yu IlHan was hugging Yumir, Kang MiRae, who was watching asked him with narrowed eyes.

“I thought you said ‘I’ll be back soon’ and you’ve destroyed an entire country, eh?”

“I wanted to do it as peacefully as possible.”

So, I’ve scattered a country instead of killing people. Although it was unknown what change of heart he had after going to Ferata, it seems he had evolved in the worst way possible.

“Peacefully, you say……. haha.”

Kang MiRae could only make a bitter smile at his reply. On the other hand, Irma An Ill’ta and Na YuNa greeted him with bright smile.

“We were waiting, Mr. Yu IlHan.”

“Hi!”

Yu IlHan also replied in a small voice.

“Hello, and goodbye.”

“Wao!”

Then, he turned around to lead his subordinates back to his house. Na YuNa desperately grabbed onto his sleeves.

“I have a request for you! Go with me to Breya~!”

Breya referred to the other world Na YuNa had been to. It was a world where various religious influences were very large, and because of that, Na YuNa got a lot of special treatment there.

Yu IlHan replied with a kind smile.

“Please look elsewhere.”

“The reward is the highest-quality holy stones, though?”

At that moment, Yu IlHan’s body was inflicted with a stun.

Holy stones referred to the minerals that have the power of gods in them. Yu IlHan also had an experience of processing the god of beauty’s holy stones to make Na YuNa and Kang HaJin’s weapons.

Although he once pondered deeply on how holy power from gods that were a collection of records were realized, and how they could be imbued into a mineral. Right now, he had come to a vague conclusion that even the holy power was a record that people made as a group.

And holy stones had an enormous mana concentration, in any case. It was absurd. That meant, that the performance was guaranteed no matter what he made. If he made weapons with that along with the metals he gained through this auction……

He turned around and asked carefully.

“……Can I even use them? I’m probably one of the furthest people away from the word ‘beauty’.”

“If I bestow a holy blessing, you can use it! Even though I look like this, I’m a holy maiden!”

Declared Na YuNa confidently. Her attitude seemed like Yu IlHan had already accepted her request! Yu IlHan was frustrated that he had to go along with her, but it was also true that it was too seductive of a reward to refuse it based on his emotions.

“Then let’s hear it.”

“Yay!”

“Wait, I wish you’d listen to me first before you listen to her.”

This time, it was Irma An Ill’ta. She pushed Na YuNa smoothly away from Yu IlHan, because Na YuNa was clinging to him, and took out a few thick books from her pockets and gave them to Yu IlHan.

“But first, here are some magic engineering texts. This is the original text which has a tremendous value both historically and literarily, containing the fruits of the researchers during the magic kingdom days. So you must return it back to us ‘sometime’.”

“Aha.”

When he gave a glance towards Kang MiRae while putting the book into his inventory, she nodded with a slight difficulty. This felt quite suspicious – he thought, when the imperial princess continued speaking.

“But in fact, this is not the complete version.”

“How is it not? Is there some restriction that forbids you from taking them out?”

“If you say that, what I just gave you now is also forbidden from being taken out. I took it on the princess’s rights.”

She took a sigh before continuing.

“Although there were a lot of ups and downs for us to stand up again using the name ‘Palladia’ after the magic kingdom of Ill’ta fell, we’ve succeeded in restoring most of the magic texts. But there are some which were unlucky to be not included in the ‘restored’ texts……”

“And you mean to say that magic engineering is one of them.”

“Yes! Magic engineering, due to its characteristics, is the easiest to learn if learned along with metalworking. However, after the magic kingdom fell, there were no talents in that area, so neither research nor technology was passed down properly.”

“However.”

Kang MiRae intercepted.

“It seems there is a ruin with traces of magic engineering. The imperial princess coincidentally found one while researching into materials to give you, Mr. IlHan, and excavated it. So perhaps, there might be texts that may enable you to deepen your magic engineering knowledge.”

“Wao!”

She found a ruin and even excavated it in just a few days, she was one capable princess alright! Just as Yu IlHan was exclaiming, the imperial princess took the baton again. However, her expression wasn’t so good.

“The problem starts here. No one amongst us are capable of entering those ruins. It was a place full of walls with unknown characters. We can’t just destroy it either. Even though we can feel a flow of magic, we have no method of doing to it……”

“So that’s it.”

That was why she said it wasn’t the complete version. They could have said that the job was done with just the text she gave her now, but it seems like she was an honest person, like Kang MiRae.

However, the imperial princess’s words hadn’t ended yet.

“However, I came to the thought that if it was you, Mr Yu IlHan, who can make such exceptional artifacts, you may be able to do something about it.”

“Hm, yeah. well, probably.”

Indeed, Yu IlHan also thought that he maybe able to do something about it. Not only did he have the language skill, enabling him to comprehend any kind of text, he also thought himself to be more capable than anyone in regards to handling artifacts.

“So, Mr. Yu IlHan. Come with me to Lanpas.”

“Wuh.”

So, he should have expected for such an offer, but as he had no experience being invited by someone else, he was slightly taken aback. At that moment, Na YuNa shouted instead of Yu IlHan.

“Mr. IlHan will go to Breya first!”

“Our empire is also waiting for him. He’s a savior that traded such an artifact with us.”

Despite the fact that the person in question, Yu IlHan, didn’t say anything, Na YuNa and Irma An Ill’ta started having a staring contest. It looked like they were having a competition to take him to their world first. Kang MiRae only let out a sigh as she stood between the two.

[IlHan’s so popular now.] (Liera)

[Isn’t it good? He’s going to visit another world, not to invade it, but for another objective. We can think of it as a gift from the 2nd Great Cataclysm.] (Spiera)

“That sounds like the gift has a lot of strings attached to it…”

The 2nd Great Cataclysm brought about a big change, that made Yu IlHan visit another world peacefully, when all he did before the 2nd Great Cataclysm, was to destroy worlds.

He would be able to observe how other people lived in other worlds, and it would become a good experience for him as well…… but would the situation proceed so optimistically like this? Yu IlHan thought that it was not possible.

“Whenever something good happens, something much worse happens later. Like how when school finished early, and you come back home in joy only to find out that it’s cleaning day, and have to help out; or how you apply for a slightly higher uni than your grades when you got a good test result than you had expected, only to repeat a year.”

[You’re making me worried because that sounds so realistic!] (Erta)

Of course, that was because it was his actual experience. Yu IlHan sighed while looking at the imperial princess and Na YuNa, before smacking Na YuNa on the forehead, because he couldn’t do that to the imperial princess. The staring contest ended with Na YuNa’s defeat.

“Ouch.”

“So, did you open a gate going to Breya?”

“No, not yet!”

She shouted, as if all that staring contest until now was nothing. Yu IlHan made a bright smile and turned around after smacking her once again on the forehead.

“Well, then. Let’s go to Lanpas.”

“Wao, Solomon!”

Na YuNa acknowledged her defeat. Yu IlHan was seeing through her quite well! Looking at the dejected Na YuNa, Kang MiRae laughed before speaking.

“Na YuNa, you stay here and make a gate to Breya.”

“Even if you didn’t say so, there was a dungeon extermination order, so a few clans are waiting. Gate connecting to Breya will be handled by HaJin-oppa!”

“Oh, there was him.”

Although the big battle immediately after the Great Cataclysm had ended, it was still true that the number of monsters in each of the dungeons were rapidly rising, so the clans gathered their strength to exterminate them.

Although this was experienced in the battles after the Great Cataclysm, the most probable place to connect gates to other worlds were places with a lot of monsters, and where most of them were killed. Naturally, dungeons were the number 1 candidate.

A few vortices formed while the alliance clans exterminated dungeons, and if someone wished to open a gate, they would set on an order, and take turns to open the gates after a suitable process.

And now, it was the Lightning God’s sub-master, Kang HaJin’s turn to open a gate to Breya! Of course, the guild master, and the core member, the priestess, would not be present!

So, there was no problem even with Na YuNa tagging along. Kang MiRae pondered for a moment, but came to a conclusion fast, as she judged that Na YuNa being with her and Yu IlHan was the safest instead of by her brother’s side.

“Okay, then. Let’s leave that to him and go.”

“Yay!”

“……Sir Kang HaJin is quite pitiful.”

Like that, The first imperial princess of the empire of Palladia, Irma An Ill’ta, Kang Mirae, and Na YuNa, travelled to another world. Other than them, there was Yumir, who didn’t want to be apart from Yu IlHan.

“Kill some monsters until I’m back.”

“Yes, we’ll do our best!”

It wouldn’t be the end of the world for Yu IlHan to take all of his subordinates, but it wasn’t like he was going there to destroy the world like he did last time, and was just going to visit a ruin, so they wouldn’t be of help even if they went anyway.

Moreover, the level gap between Yu IlHan and his subordinates widened again just as they had began to catch up a little due to the Bittersweet Persona destroying the vortices, it was time for them to level up a little through hunting.

“Earth looks like it will do fine for a while with the other clans, so you can go over to Dareu to help the elves, or to Kiroa to help the wolfkin, or do whatever you want.”

“Understood!”

As soon as Yu IlHan’s words ended, Ericia and Mirey did a rock-paper-scissors, and Mirey won with scissors. Yu IlHan, who saw them off as they went to Dareu, finally prepared to depart.

“So, where’s the gate?”

“It’s close, it’s in Gangnam.”

Yu IlHan thought that she had one tremendous influence. As long as the gate was connected, wouldn’t the imperial princess be able to find her way to the trade center even while on a stroll?”

Although, he did make a gate connecting to Dareu in his own house as well!

[We didn’t know it was possible for the elves to create gates too. They’re not like the people of Earth who are connected to other worlds, and just tagged along with IlHan.] (Liera)

[Perhaps it’s not much different since the people on Earth are opening gates to the world they ‘belong to’ while on Earth. What’s strange is Yu IlHan, who opened a gate where that perverted vibration demon came from.] (Erta)

“Shut up.”

Only 10 minutes were taken with the limousine Kang MiRae had called. The ones guarding the gate weren’t the members of the Lightning God clan but the people under the Kang family. As soon as the company arrived, they bowed their heads.

“Guard it well.”

“Yes! Please take care, lady!”

“Please take care, Sir Yu IlHan!”

Yu IlHan felt slightly strange that they were being overly respectful to him as well, but passed it off as it being because he was her friends, as he passed over the gate.

The imperial palace of Palladia, was awaiting him.



Chapter 165

[Although I did expect a certain level of power, but this world sure has a higher league than most others. It’s probably one of the top worlds that have been through the 3rd Great Cataclysm.] (Liera)

Was Liera’s comment as they entered the truly enormous imperial castle. Yu IlHan agreed with her. Although Ferata, just before their 3rd Great Cataclysm, had also possessed 5 4th class people in one empire, Lanpas was in a different league.

“Fufu, so you feel it.”

Said Irma An Ill’ta with pride, as she was the imperial princess of the empire of Palladia.

“The forces in our empire is tremendous. We even have three 4th classes, when others would consider themselves lucky if they have one.”

“Your Highness, is it fine to tell him that?”

“What good is hiding it? If it’s him, he would have felt their presences even without me telling him.”

“Three huh. That’s amazing.”

Vaguely answered Yu IlHan to the imperial princess who acted very proud.

However, what Yu IlHan wasn’t surprised at, was not that. Well, it was no surprise since in regards to militaristic power, even Ferata was better than Palladia.

“And there are more than one hundred of those who are at the doorstep of 4th class, but have not been able to step through it due to lack of opportunities and records.”

Yes. What Yu IlHan was surprised at, was the fact that experts on magic, in a stable empire, numbered overwhelmingly higher compared to that of Ferata’s!

[If there are few geniuses in Ferata, then there are many talents here.] (Spiera)

[However, they will die unless they reach the 4th class. How unfortunate. I think I can sympathize since I too had a time when I was stuck at the doorstep to becoming a higher existence for a long time.] (Spiera)

[Oh, really? I never felt such a thing.] (Liera)

[Hooh, are you picking a fight with me?] (Spiera)

Such was the beginning of the 5th Angel War. Despite the battle on top of his head, Yu IlHan leisurely followed the imperial princess and Kang MiRae while guessing how many wars they would have in total.

Yumir’s eyes were shining in Yu IlHan’s arms, as he looked at the gigantic imperial castle, and Na YuNa walked in a graceful way, unlike her usual self. YuNa walking quietly was beyond beautiful, to the point that he accepted the reason why the god of beauty had bestowed a blessing on her.

And since that figure nagged on his mind more and more, he asked.

“Why are you so quiet, its unlike you?”

“Whenever I’m at a place I’m unfamiliar with, I need to be quiet.”

She said as if speaking the obvious.

“I’m too pretty so wherever I go, people will aim for me. So I need to stick to a person I can trust.”

“Damn you and your first world problems.”

“But it’s the truth, so I can’t help it~.”

How could she spout out such first world problems like that so naturally? Yu IlHan was shocked, but had to accept it after noticing that the maids, mages, and knights alike that they passed by on the hallway had focused their glances on her.

Yu IlHan was natural with her since he was too used to the beauty of the angels around him, but in fact, her beauty had enough power to make everyone ignore the first imperial princess that was with her.

So, the imperial princess became slightly upset.

“……Hey, you. Cover your face with a mask or something.”

“That’s the last resort~. It’s fine to expose my face where people don’t come at me like they’re mad. And there’s a splendid knight beside me too!”

“I only protect myself.”

“Wao!”

Yu IlHan’s loner-ness wouldn’t be shaken with Na YuNa’s beauty alone! This was no exception to the next challenger, the imperial princess.

“Mr. Yu IlHan. I’ll prepare a banquet tonight, so rest easily for today, and let’s go there tomorrow.”

“No, I’ll go there immediately if you tell me the location.”

“Still, the imperial family has prepared a welcome fea-”

“I’ll finish before that. I’ll go by myself so tell me the location.”

“……Fuu.”

The imperial princess let out a laugh after feeling Yu IlHan’s firm will.

Fortunately, she had met with a lot of strange people in her life until now. Interestingly, all of those with exceptional abilities had a weird point about them. She thought to herself that Yu IlHan was one of those people.

“Then let’s delay the banquet until after. And since we can’t send you alone….. can you wait 20 minutes for us to get prepared?”

“That’s fine.”

After the imperial princess left to prepare, Yu IlHan, Na YuNa, and Yumir waited in the room where Kang MiRae stayed in the imperial castle. Although he couldn’t imagine what Kang MiRae did in order to acquire a room inside the castle, Yu IlHan didn’t ask.

“There might be a battle in the ruins. There were a lot of such devices during the magic kingdom era.”

“Although I did suspect things to be like that, it really is?”

“That’s like an RPG!”

“You wouldn’t think so leisurely after confronting those trap. Testing the door openers or whatever they say – aren’t they all meaningless if the entrants die……?”

Seems like Kang MiRae had a history with ruins. Yu IlHan stroked Yumir who was nibbling on a cookie in his arms, before thinking of something and took out a bag of cookies from his inventory to hand over to Kang MiRae.

“If a battle occurs, eat one, and just one.”

“Is this cookie made by you? And what do you mean in battle…..?”

Kang MiRae accepted the cookie while tilting her head, and turned stiff after checking the information on it.

“Mr. IlHan. This is……?”

“You probably guessed it, but it’s not for sale.”

“What is it? What is it?”

Na YuNa, who received the bag of cookies from Kang MiRae also stiffened very soon. However, she exclaimed soon after.

“Wow, this looks very expensive!”

“It’s not for sale. To anyone.”

Kang MiRae, who guessed the meaning behind those words, took the bag of cookies back from Na YuNa and put it inside her chest pocket. When Na YuNa nagged about wanting to eat one, Kang MiRae gave her a smack instead of a cookie.

Not long after, the imperial princess, who was riddled with all sorts of earrings, rings, tiara, and bracelets, and looked like she was preparing for a ritual, appeared. She shouted courageously.

“Well, then. Let’s go!”

“I thought there was a restriction on the number of accessories you can equip?”

“I have a subclass that allows me to increase the number of equippable artifacts!”

Now that was a meaningless subclass for anyone other than a princess of a huge empire!

Yu IlHan knew of the infinite potential of subclasses as he himself had the Angel’s Partner, and Dragon Rider subclass, but he could only admit defeat in front of the princess’s subclass. He also wanted that class.

[You do know that just because you want to get one doesn’t mean you will, right? Like how you acquired the Angel’s Partner and Dragon Rider are special cases.] (Liera)

“Of course. So, first, let me try making accessory-type artifacts for the next few months.”

[Yup, you aren’t listening at all.] (Liera)

While Yu IlHan was deciding in his heart, what subclass to earn for his next class, the imperial princess’s words came to a climax.

“We’ve prepared an airship so let’s go immediately?”

“…….Miss MiRae. Is this empire really wealthy?”

“Yes.”

Kang MiRae immediately nodded and explained further.

“I thought all worlds were like this, but it looks like they aren’t.”

“I want to get on the airship!”

“Everyone, hurry up!”

The airship prepared in the flight zone in one corner of the imperial castle, wasn’t as big as he had expected, but it had a tremendously sturdy and beautiful outer appearance.

“That’s amazing. You’ve mana crafted the magic stone itself.”

Yu IlHan exclaimed while checking the various artifacts installed according to their roles in various parts of the airship. When mana crafting on a magic stone, it had a higher probability of transferring the power contained in the magic stone, and it also enabled the magic stone to emit mana more stably.

If there was a drawback, it was that there was an extremely high possibility of the functions of the completed artifact being restricted, and the conclusion was that more magic stones had to be wasted in making an artifact that had the same function! Yu IlHan felt deplored after seeing many 4th class magic stones embedded in various places throughout the airship.

“Fuuu……”

[Ah, IlHan is in a silent rage!] (Liera)

[The soul of a meister is crying…..] (Erta)

“Amazing, isn’t it?”

The imperial princess acted proud without knowing what he was thinking. Yu IlHan decided to not speak about how he could make a better item than this with just two 4th class magic stones, as he seated himself.

However, unlike Yu IlHan, Yumir was very excited.

“Dad, are we going to fly in the skies with this?”

“Yes. Although, it’s much slower than me.”

“Dad is amazing.”

Even though she wanted to retort, she couldn’t say anything since she saw Yu IlHan using Ruin Calling to fly just 3 days ago. Irma An Ill’ta activated the airship after feeling a little down.

The magic engine activated to levitate the airship, and immediately after that, another engine activated to push the airship forward. The speed gradually increased over time, but the inside of the airship was quiet and comfortable as if they were on the ground. Only, the pilot was busy activating and controlling many artifacts at once.

“How is it?”

After the airship completely took off, the imperial princess looked back at the group with shiny eyes.

Kang MiRae kept quiet as she had experience riding in these before, and Yu IlHan did think that it was quite unexpected since it was more comfortable and wider than an aeroplane, but didn’t say anything.

Yumir was looking at the outside scenery in joy, and only Na YuNa replied with a bright smile.

“It’s a lot worse than an aeroplane!”

“Wut!”

“Don’t compare it to the first class seats!”

The atmosphere became cold in an instant. The imperial princess stared at Na YuNa, but the person in question only nonchalantly smiled. Yu IlHan decided to play with the kind and cute Yumir rather than meeting eyes with those idiots.

The airship arrived at the destination in exactly one hour. It was a location in the middle of a huge stone mountain, completely outside the city, and from the fact that there were traces of big explosions nearby, it seemed like they had used magic in the excavation process.

A truly humongous and grand monument was rolling on the ground, and nearby was the entrance to the ruins. He thought that that monument may have been blocking the entrance to the ruins.

In any case, the entrance to the ruins had opened. A path entirely made of pure, white metal, could be seen connecting to the central regions of the stone mountain. Although it was unknown how deep it was, it was incalculable to the eyes from the outside.

“Your Highness!”

“Yes. Some of you come here and guard the airship.”

The knights and mages protecting the entrance to the ruins immediately ran over after noticing that the airship had landed. The imperial princess naturally gave them orders, and guided the group to the ruins.

“You need to enter here. We had a hard time cleaning out that monument.”

It seems like Yu IlHan’s predictions were on the mark. It was amazing how there were traces of burns and craters all around the monument, but the monument itself had no scratches at all.

Yu IlHan approached it. There were incomprehensible archaic characters everywhere and after reading them for a moment, he asked the princess.

“Did you not think that there was another way to open the ruins?”

“We did try, but there was no other method.”

“So that’s why you used such a stupid method.”

“Stupid!? Even I don’t want to use magic against such a sturdy stone! I brought 2 4th class mages to do it!”

Yu IlHan was talking about how stupid it was to remove the monument with raw strength, but it seems like the princess had misunderstood.

‘This person has both a sharp side and a stupid side. I don’t want to get caught up with her in the future, if possible.’ – thought he, as expected of a loner, while extending his hand to the monument.

“What are you going to do to the monument?”

“I’m going to open the entrance.”

“Huh? But I’ve already opened the…… so that’s it. I did not actually open it, correct?”

“Yes.”

The imperial princess had understood correctly this time. Yu IlHan made the group back off with a wave of his hand without much words. An incomprehensible language to anyone in that place, came out from his mouth.

“(Welcome to this place, O, strange one.)”

“Huh? What did you just say?”

“Don’t tell me he’s reading the archaic text on the monument!? How can a person from Earth like Mr. Yu IlHan read the archaic language of this world…….?”

He ignored the reactions of everyone present as he read on. The more he read, the more light the monument started emitting, and accordingly, mana started boiling within the ruins.

“(The devotion of the juniors willing to continue and research the meaning of magic engineering……)”

“Amazing, the ruins are reacting! I knew it was right to have brought him here!”

“Although Mr. IlHan was already amazing, never did I know that he had the ability read archaic languages……”

Yu IlHan was now reading the last sentence on the monument.

“(I leave behind here, the essence of magic engineering that I’ve dedicated my life to researching. I wish for the junior to see the ends of magic engineering, which I was not able to catch even the slightest glimpse of, due to the lack of my ability.)”

The monument glowed in blue. Following that, the path made of white metal, started trembling and the light intensified. The high-level mana crafting technique had leapt beyond time and started breathing again!

Yu IlHan explained to MiRae and company.

“It seems like it wasn’t activated properly since it has been such a long time since the ruins were made, but it looks like reading the text on the monument was a trigger to activate all the magic engines again. It did take a little of my mana in the process……. in any case, the ruins will be active now.”

“So now we can acquire everything inside the ruins!”

Shouted the imperial princess in emotion. However, immediately after that, an explosion with a ‘boom!” could be heard at the summit of the stone mountain.

It was fortunate that the ruins hadn’t collapsed, but the explosions did not stop there and gave a bad feeling to all those present.

“No, it ‘was’ like that originally, but the situation is slightly different now.”

When everyone’s gazes were on the summit of the mountain, Yu IlHan refuted her comment. However, as the group was being shocked while seeing a gigantic… ‘something’ raising its ‘body’, they didn’t listen to him.

“Miss Ill’ta brought two mages here and fired off magic like mad.”

“But nothing happened at that time, though?”

“Like I said, the ruins will act normally ‘now’.”

Nonchalantly replied Yu IlHan as he warmed up his body. He was preparing for battle.

“Although it’s a little late, now that it’s functioning properly, it’s trying to ‘exterminate the invaders’.”

[To think it will do a timed attack, nice going!] (Liera)

[Please be a little more nervous. No matter how you look at it, it’s a colossal monster over level 250!] (Erta)

Kang MiRae took out the bag of cookies from her chest pocket, and threw one in her mouth, and gave one to Na YuNa and Yumir each. Na YuNa became happy from the cookie even in this situation.

“Mr. IlHan, marry me after defeating that thing!”

[Guoooh!]

Replied the colossal monster on the mountain instead of Yu IlHan. Na YuNa grumbled.

“I didn’t ask you!”

“Nah, it’s fine. I have the same opinion.”

“You’re too much! At least reply to me in Korean!”

“Fine, I refuse.”

“Wao!”

“And please buff me.”

“Wao! And I hate myself for buffing him so obediently!”

[Attack power and defense increases by 30% for 20 minutes. When ambushed, a shield will appear to protect you, and all attacks will have an additional effect from the god of beauty, Leytna’s power.]

Yu IlHan expanded his Ruin Calling as soon as he received Na YuNa’s buff full of ‘love’ and ‘devotion’. After letting Yumir go, he also took out a magic stuffed cookies, and threw it in his mouth.

“Uiiik! Who would’ve known that such a monster existed in the magic engineering ruin!”

“Mir, don’t approach it and attack from long range, okay?”

“Got it!”

While the imperial princess gathered the knights and mages that protected the entrance to the ruins with a crying face, Yu IlHan instructed Yumir as he flew into the air with a leap.

At that place, was ‘it’. ‘It’ being, a ludicrously large monster that made him think it would be possible to have a 100m dash on top of its back.

[Kuoooh!]

The monster that had grown after eating a tremendous amount of mana during the long years of hibernation – the giant golem; born from the essence of the magic engineering era’s top technology – let out a deafening roar!



Chapter 166

While the golem did not notice Yu IlHan in concealment and roared, Liera asked him in a defeated voice.

[IlHan, that looks like it’s no small fry what are you going to do?] (Liera)

“I’m also thinking about it.”

Although it was currently only roaring and doing nothing else, it would start acting soon; and by ‘acting’, it was highly probable that it would aim for the illegal trespassers, Irma An Ill’ta as well as the mages she had brought here before.

‘Meaning, that it will rampage till it reaches the imperial capital where the 4th class mages are residing in.’

At this rate, there would be a blood party. Trying to enter a ruin would destroy an entire empire.

There should be a better line of defense than that of Ferata’s, but he couldn’t just watch it as it walked over there and destroyed everything. Yu IlHan took out a pile bunker first, and checked with the angels.

“It’s the first time I’m facing a golem, but how do I go about it? In fantasy novels, there are things like cores, that will stop the golem once destroyed or removed. Also, I’ve seen cases where people made a new golem out of it.”

[Well, the Metal Hearts you’ve hunted before indeed had a nucleus. However…..] (Erta)

[Golems are magic life forms. Moreover, that thing is an ‘artificial’ life form at the peak of magic engineering technology to bring out the power containing within an object to the best efficiency. Think about it like this – if you made it, would you make a weak point for others to destroy?] (Liera)

“Nope.”

[You just need to smash it. What are you hesitating for?] (Spiera)

Pushing Erta and Liera, who were talking in a roundabout way, aside, Spiera gave him the answer. Yu IlHan ended up laughing.

“So, I need to ‘smash in pieces’, that… thing that’s over 100 meters tall and made of silver metal that even I, blessed by the god of smithing, cannot recognize?”

[Yes, just split it in half or something.] (Spiera)

“Now that sounds sooo interesting!”

Yu IlHan’s vision became dark thinking that he now had no choice but to take the suffering route. If there was anything good, it was that he was still in concealment and was able to attack the golem in surprise and inflict additional damage.

However, just as when he was preparing the pile bunker, he thought of something.

“Wait, does that thing count as ‘life’?”

[If artificial life forms counted as life, then the creator would be God, not man, duh.] (Liera)

Damn, the advantage he had as a Deathgod in battle had disappeared! Like this, Na YuNa’s buff just ended up filling that gap.

Well, it wasn’t so bad, since it said his attacks would contain the power of the goddess of beauty…… Yu IlHan grumbled as he checked the information on the pile bunker in his hands.

“It’s fortunate that the option I applied to help out in the fight with the perverted vibration demon is of help.”

[David’s Stone Thrower]

[Rank – Epic]

[Attack Power –

1st stage : 2,100

2nd stage : 3,200

3rd stage : 4,500

4th stage : 5,800

6th stage : 9,800(Consumes 1,000 maximum durability)

7th stage : 12,500(Consumes 10,000 maximum durability)

[Durability – 15,780/15,780]

[Options –

1. 40% increase in power when facing an enemy twice as large as the user. 50% decrease in power when enemy is less than that size.

2. Additional 30% increase in power when facing an enemy 10 times as large as the user.

3. Additional 50% increase in power when facing an enemy 100 times as large as the user.

4. 50% increase in fire attribute damage of the projectile.

5. Possible to recover the maximum durability by consuming magic stones.]

[A masterwork made by the best smith, designed with a flash of insight and meticulous construction, using two kinds of driving force. It contains the pure wish of the crafter to make those taller than him, kneel before him, and will grow the more gigantic enemies are defeated.

A masterpiece made with recovering durability in mind, from the previous experience of single-time use strong weapons. However, the drawback is that it is very hard to load, and may fail to load properly even after drawing strength from the user’s time as a baby, sucking on the mother’s breasts, from the previous life.]

He didn’t know that he would have to show his trump card here. And, this was against a monster that was worse than the perverted vibration demon!

[Kuwoooh!]

[IlHan, it looks like it’s about to move! It’s trembling!] (Liera)

Now, he had to attack. If he didn’t start by dealing a massive damage, they would lose any chances of defeating it here.

However, Yu IlHan was conflicted. That was because the pile bunker was currently loaded to the 6th stage. Well, he thought that the 6th stage would be enough against the perverted vibration demon, and recovering 10,000 max durability would make him consume well over 100 3rd class magic stones.

“No matter how I think about it, 6th stage doesn’t seem enough……”

He wished that since it was big, it was sky-scraping big. But unfortunately, its height was around 120 meters.

Although that was plenty jaw-slackingly big…… the 3rd option attached on the pile bunker, ‘100 times as large’ only referred to height!

“I wish that I was a 120cm midget!”

[Even dwarves are bigger than that, so calm down, Yu IlHan!] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan came to a judgement quickly. He had to inflict a big strike with a surprise attack, but 6th stage power was not enough. Even though the magic stones to recover the durability was a little wasteful, he now had to be bold and go with a 7th stage attack.

[Guwoooh!]

On the other hand, the titan started moving slowly after roaring once more. The group with the imperial princess, who had formed a defensive line and started chanting offensive magic, seemed to be scared stiff by the moving titan that exceeded the realm of their imaginations.

“On that day, mankind received a grim reminder……. Uuuugh! Mommy!”

[I… wanted to say that too!] (Liera)

“Uuuugh! Grandma!”

Yu IlHan was speaking nonsense with his mouth, but his two hands were busy loading the pile bunker to the 7th stage.

He had to deploy Superhuman strength, and twist the bone ammo with all his power! By 7th stage, the structure of the giant’s rubber band enveloping the ammo had also turned complex, so he not only needed strength, but technique as well. That made it even more shitty.

“Ughuuughuk! Great grandmaaa!”

[Don’t make strange moans!] (Erta)

[He’s at great grandma already……] (Liera)

“Kyak!”

“Whoa, that’s big!”

“Your Highness, this happened because of you, not him.”

“Although I don’t have any intentions on denying my responsibility, but do you really have to say that now when it looks like we’d all die!? You sure care for your hubby!”

When the golem’s advance speed became faster, the group fell into panic.

Yu IlHan did his best to load before it was too late. He deployed Superhuman strength to beyond its limits, and kicked it off by another notch by regenerating the horribly ripping muscles that couldn’t endure the load, with Transcendent regeneration!

[The skill, Superhuman strength, has become level 75!]

[The skill, Transcendent regeneration, has become level 61!]

Now, he didn’t even have any spare piece of mind to read the skill level up notifications. Yu IlHan focused all of his attention on the bone ammo that was gradually pushed to the inside while spinning ever so slightly.

“Huuup, great-great-great-great-grandpaaa!”

And at one moment, the 7th stage was loaded with a clack! The moment he noticed that he had succeeded in loading, he deployed Ruin Calling to launch shockwaves behind his back and rush forward. The other people were in a mess right now.

“The titan’s coming! The titaaan!”

“Leaving aside succeeding technology, this ancestor wants to destroy the empire instead! Gigantic Thunder!”

“Oh, we’re doomed. The empire is doomed!”

Even Kang MiRae’s most powerful attack while being buffed by Na YuNa, only ended up taking a single toe. In fact, that was already a shocking power, but the enemy was too strong this time.

[Kuguoooh!]

The titan turned stiff for a moment, before raising its leg to step forward…..

“Uoooh!” (This is MC)

……unsuccessfully, that is, because Yu IlHan had flown on top of its head and struck with the pile bunker, right on top of its head!

At that moment, the Eternal Flame stimulated the stored magic gunpowder inside the ammo to cause a giant explosion, and at the same time the ammo was shot out, covered in fire, the 7th stage Giant’s Rubber Band loosened in an instant to add another layer of driving force!

[Kuaaah!]

[Critical Hit!]

Without exaggeration, it sounded like the skies were collapsing. Just the sound from the explosion from the Eternal Flame was already so overwhelming, but the snapping of the rubber band as well as the noise at the moment of collision with its head was even more booming!

The vibration from the shockwave at that moment was also enormous, causing everyone in that area to lose their balance momentarily.

“It’s dad!”

“Whoa, that golem was so easily…..”

The results from depleting 10,000 of the maximum durability of the pile bunker, was, as expected, quite devastating. the golem’s head measuring 3 meters in diameter was instantly obliterated, and the projectile proceeded even further to embed itself deep in the body!

What’s more was that the tip of the projectile was still burning, so the golem was constantly taking damage.

[Kuwoooh! Kuhaaah!]

The golem roared without being able to come to itself. Did it feel pain despite being an artificial life form? Even if it didn’t, it was definite that it reacted sensitively to the loss of its body parts.

“Phew…… Kergh!?”

The moment Yu IlHan put the pile bunker, which did its job splendidly, into his inventory, the scraps of metal that were scattered around after the explosion, all rushed up into the skies, before shooting towards the shoulder of the golem, i.e. where he was standing right now.

He immediately equipped Ruin Calling on his front to shoot shockwaves to knock them down, and his face turned stiff.

“Don’t tell me it’s trying to stitch itself back on!?”

[Although that’s quite a frightening imagination, but yeah. It looks like you’re on the mark.] (Liera)

[Cheers to Yu IlHan’s amazing perception.] (Erta)

[I don’t know who it is, but it looks like this person had learned magic engineering properly. Rejoice, Yu IlHan. It looks like the materials you will get to see will be quite amazing!] (Spiera)

“That makes me tearfully happy dammit!”

These damned angels always got along each other at times like this! Yu IlHan, who wanted to cry, shouted.

“Mir!”

“Uh, yeah!”

“Scatter these damned fragments!”

“Got it!”

Yumir, who had initially been unable to act in front of the gigantic golem, finally found his job. After receiving a buff from Na YuNa, he used wind magic to blow away the fragments that tried to fly back into the golem’s body.

Kang MiRae also found her role. Although it was scary to approach the gigantic golem, compared to Yu IlHan on top of its body, she had it easy.

Her eyes glistening, she wrapped her two arms in lightning. She would thoroughly melt and burn the fragments to prevent the golem from recovering!

“Haaap!”

“Hey, let’s do that too! We can do at least that, right?”

“But if the golem takes a single step forward, we…….”

“Forward!”

“Understood!

An order from the imperial princess was heavier than their lives! The mages all started chanting, and the knights charged forward. Unless they destroyed every single golem fragment, or died, they would never regain peace of mind again.

“Fuuu, now that’s less interference.”

Yu IlHan noticed that the number of golem fragments flying towards him had decreased thanks to the others’ actions, and heaved a sigh of relief.

He could now finally proceed to the next stage!

“Death Driver!”

[That’s quite a naming sense.] (Erta)

When Yu IlHan took out another weapon from the inventory, Erta interjected blandly. However, this wasn’t named by Yu IlHan but by the Akashic Record, so there was no helping it. He snorted with a hmph and equipped it.

That was a weapon, comprised of two parts, with a thick and long handle, and had two blades intersecting as if a cross shaped driver, which made it look a little funny.

[Powerful and Bright Wind Death Driver]

[Rank – Legend]

[Attack Power – 5,200]

[Durability – 9,700/9,700]

[Options-

1. Possible to spin the blade rapidly by consuming mana and durability. attack power and piercing power increases by 40% when doing so.

2. 40% increase in fire attribute attack power.

3. 60% increase in spinning power.]

[A weapon that generates an absurd amount of rotational force by using mana and the Giant’s Rubber Band. It consumes durability rapidly, but can generate a proportional amount of attack power. However, in fact, this is merely a tool to use other weapons in a stronger way.]

If someone saw this, they would ask if it wasn’t just a massive electric cross shaped driver. And Yu IlHan would not deny it.

And coincidentally, there was a conveniently placed ‘screw’ embedded here as well. Yu IlHan’s gaze looked downwards.

There, embedded in the body of the golem, was a bone screw that conveniently had a cross etched on it, and looked very convenient to spin with a driver.

[You’re a genius.] (Liera)

“No, I’m not a genius.”

Yu IlHan stabbed with the Death Driver, down with all his might – Clack! With such a sound, the bone screw inside the golem’s body, and the Death Driver was perfectly combined.

[G, Guwoooh!]

Perhaps it instinctively felt crisis dooming upon it, as it started rampaging while roaring like mad. However, Yu IlHan had long since mastered the art of standing still on top of a rampaging monster!

“I’M ME!! Yu IlHan the Digger!”

[You’re no digger!] (Liera)

Yu IlHan, who ignored minor remarks, firmly gripped on the handle of the Death Driver, and poured mana into it – all of it, including the portion that had grown with him eating a magic stuffed cookie!

[Ku, Kuuoooh!]

When the Death Driver started spinning with a resounding sound, the bone screw connected to it naturally started spinning as well. As Yu IlHan had made spirals blades on the bone screw like an actual screw, in the process of making the pile bunker, once it started to move, the golem’s body started being ground apart.

“Uoooh!”

The golem’s body was harder than any of the bones of creatures he had faced off against until now, but right now, not only was the bone screw deeply embedded, it was weakening the surroundings by emitting fire. The bone screw that emitted fire while spinning at insane speeds, pierced through the golem at a faster rate over time.

[Kuwuahhh!]

“My drill, is one that will pierce the heavens!”

Yu IlHan thought while grinding the body of a golem that was over level 250.

That it was worth it to create this item, just to say that line.



Chapter 167

”What the hell is that!”

“It’s raining golem fragments…..!”

“A drill! So cool!”

Yu IlHan’s new weapon shocked not only the golem, but the others as well. He actually used the bone ammo as a screw? And equipped an ‘electronic’ driver?

Above all, he was grinding that giant golem real-time!

[Kuwaaak!]

“Uoooh!”

[So fast! He’s already dug 5 meters already!?] (Liera)

[Frustrating…… so frustrating!] (Erta)

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan had ended up learning a new skill. He had entered a realm he hadn’t in his one thousand years of solitude.

[You have acquired the skill, Excavation. All abilities related to excavation rises as the skill level rises, and the quality of the items excavated becomes higher as well.]

Never did he imagine there would come a day he’d learn such a skill!

“There really is no end to the path of labour.”

[I’m actually starting to be scared now that he may try to master all possible paths of manual labour……] (Liera)

Liera retorted to Yu IlHan’s honest remark. Yu IlHan wanted to retort to her about what she saw him as, but he wasn’t one to talk, since he was literally grinding a golem, so he held back.

[The skill, Excavation, has become level 2.]

[The skill, Excavation, has become level 3.]

[The skill, Excavation……]

[The skill…….]

The more he dug into the golem’s body, and the more the drill spun and scattered the metal fragments around as the Excavation skill level rose. No matter how skilled Yu IlHan was in labour, it was abnormal for a skill to rise so rapidly from level 1.

However, the ‘target’ of excavation right now, in terms of the excavation realm, could be considered to be the final boss, a golem made of archaic alloy metal! It was no wonder the proficiency increase was incomparable to swinging pickaxes to dig iron ore!

[The skill, Excavation, has become level 15.]

Originally, the skill had to rise even faster, but since the scattered fragments that comprised the golem’s body was still controlled by the golem, Yu IlHan’s excavation was in fact, actually not successful at all.

Meaning, Yu IlHan was actually piling skill proficiency while trying and failing! It could be seen how amazing and horrifying of an opponent this golem was.

[Guwoooh!]

While Yu IlHan was enjoying a two-birds-with-one-stone time of training skills and training skills, the golem felt a sense of crisis from its body being ground apart. Even when it tried to regenerate its body by picking the fragments back up, the puny humans beneath its feet was desperately preventing that, so it couldn’t do so!

So, it ended up choosing the extreme choice. The enormous amount of records and mana it had piled up over a long period of time on this stone mountain! – utilizing all of that, it had implemented a trump card attack that should have been impossible for it normally!

“Huh?”

Since Yu IlHan was focusing on drilling through the golem’s body, the first one to notice the change was Na YuNa.

“The ruins is emitting some strange light!”

“Why would the ruins glow….. everyone back off!”

Kang MIRae shouted after her. After that, the entrance exploded with a ‘boom!’ and the white metals composing the corridor inside all shot up into the air! Na YuNa shouted with shiny eyes as soon as she saw that!

“It’s a fusion!”

“Stop! Stop that!”

Shouted Kang MIrae while shooting a spear of lightning. a strong lightning, that was way above just 3rd class magic, struck on a portion of the white lumps of metal, but the mysterious metal didn’t seem to be damaged at all.

“Haaap!”

The next batter was Yumir. As he had seen Kang MiRae’s failure just now, he tried to blow them far away instead of destroying them, but the metal actually completely devoured the windstorm he had made. This was dragon’s magic, albeit 3rd class, we’re talking about!

“*Cries*, dad!”

When he failed, he looked for his dad! Fortunately, at that time, Yu IlHan had also sensed the change in the stone mountain. Right now, only the metals making up the ruins were reacting, but in Yu IlHan’s eyes, this golem’s deeds wouldn’t stop there.

From the minute vibrations on the ground, or the suspicious movement of mana, he was quite sure. In the worst case scenario, the entire stone mountain may as well disintegrate and fuse into the golem’s body!

“Ugh, I can’t help it…..!”

Even while grumbling that he was about to be robbed of everything when he had just come here to learn magic engineering, he took out the next set of cards he had.

While he himself was still holding onto the Death Driver, he called out something using the remote collection function of his inventory, onto the top of the golem’s shoulders, which was……

“Death Ballista Quartet!”

[The names are quite generic.] (Liera)

[But do you really have to shout like that every time you take something out?]

[Do you not know, Erta, it’s where his dreams lie in.] (Spiera)

Surrounding the massive hole Yu IlHan had made while digging, four huge ballistas appeared in the east, west, south, and north directions. They were loaded with cartridges containing a maximum of 50 loadable sharp blades.

Actually, from its appearance alone, it didn’t look that much different to the installation-type ballista he had made before, but he refused comparisons with those as this ‘did not need human hands to operate’.

“Hup! Eat some bone spears you alien monster!”

Yu IlHan let go of the drill for a moment, and took out 4 3rd class magic stones from his inventory and threw them fast. When the four magic stones emitted bright light in the air, the ballistas, now supplied with mana for activation, all started firing.

They first stuck themselves on the ground and adjusted their trajectory with squeaking sounds, before aiming at the metal fragments that tried to fuse to the golem body.

The magic gunpowder and the Giant’s Rubber Band he had made a lot of, was used in those ballistas, so they had incomparable destructive power from before, and they were starting to smash into pieces, the white metals that tried to regenerate the golem!

[Critical Hit!]

“What the hell is it now!”

“That looks painful.”

“Mr. Yu IlHan. Did you really not learn any magic engineering…..?”

“We don’t have any time to speak! Your Highness, the entire stone mountain is trembling!”

[Kuguguooouuuh!]

The golem also noticed what was happening on its shoulders. The metals it called out to recover its body was exploding and raining down!

However, just that alone wasn’t enough to extinguish its will. The mana in this area was already resonating with it. Accepting the will to become stronger and sturdier in order to defeat the invaders, the mana was giving the land for it to use.

[Kuoooh!]

If it was impossible top-down, then it will just start from the bottom! The lands that the people were setting foot on, arose as if it had a will of its own, and fused into the golem’s body. Naturally, earthquakes occurred, and holes appeared everywhere, and the people on the ground had to focus on saving themselves first rather than battle.

At this moment, this golem was the ruler of the area!

[You’re going to die trying to learn magic engineering!] (Liera)

[Ah, we’re doomed. The ruins completely collapsed.!] (Erta)

“It’s alright. it will be fine if we do something about the golem!”

[Splendid, Yu IlHan. That’s the spirit!] (Spiera)

[In my eyes, he just seems hopelessly optimistic, though!?] (Erta)

Yu IlHan gritted his teeth, and put more strength into gripping the Death Driver. In any case, Yu IlHan was digging deeper into its body. If he drilled all the way to the bottom, then no matter how it tried to reinforce itself, it would fail to move!

“The ruins completely collapsed!”

“The collapsed ruins is all fusing with the golem!”

Regardless of whether the grounds were collapsing, or the fact that the body of the golem was getting larger as time passed, Yu IlHan only focused on drilling through the golem. He poured as much mana he as he had, and focused on the drill and on himself.

Labour was something that would rapidly increase in efficiency the moment the body and soul looked towards one direction! Like how Yu IlHan became one with the spear once before, and one with the sword, he became one with the drill and kept digging through the golem!

[The skill, Excavation, has become level 30. Efficiency related to all excavation increases, and you’re now able to excavate magic metals that cannot be excavated by normal means.]

That was the moment of miracle.

[Guhuk, Guwoooaaah!]

The white metal fragments, that still moved after being drilled by Yu IlHan, under the golem’s control, all stopped moving!

Yes. Becoming able to excavate magic metals, meant that the magic metals excavated by Yu IlHan were no longer under the golem’s control. Of course, he had to spend a certain amount of mana in order to possess the magic metal, but right now, that was hardly a burden!

[The skill, Excavation, has become level 31.]

[The skill, Excavation, has become level 32.]

[The skill, Excavation,…….]

[The skill……]

When the possession of the magic metals he couldn’t acquire until now, all came over to Yu IlHan, the Excavation skill started rising rapidly again.

However, Yu IlHan ignored all the levelup notices on his retina, and did what he had to do now – which was, putting all the stationary magic metals into his inventory. Before the golem started doing anything else with it!

“Huh.”

“Somehow it feels like the golem’s pressure is being reduced….. is it just me?”

Nope.

Well, the golem’s body was increasing faster than Yu IlHan could dig, but that was all just boulders making up the stone mountain. The core power behind the golem, the magic metal, was entering Yu IlHan’s inventory real-time!

[Guwoh, Guwoooh!]

The golem roared as if to say that it was unacceptable to be excavated by a human while alive. At that moment, sharp spikes protrude out from the wall of the hole that Yu IlHan had dug through with the Death Driver and the bone screw!

“Kergh!?”

[Yu IlHan!] (Erta)

[It can change the form inside its body as well!?] (Liera)

Shouted Erta and Liera in shock. Yu IlHan avoided injury as he had called out Aegis as soon as he sensed a change in mana, but the golem focused on shape shifting its insides, and pulled out tens, hundreds, thousands of spikes!

Not only that, slowly, very slowly, but surely, the hole Yu IlHan had dug was shrinking as well. Since Yu IlHan had put all the pieces of metal making up the body into his inventory, this wasn’t regeneration. It was just compressing the body like mad while making up the outer parts with just boulders!

Yu IlHan did not let go of the Death Driver even after confirming that the hole was shrinking, but he couldn’t help but sweat cold sweat as hundreds of metal spikes hit Aegis.

“I think I saw a similar scene in Saw……!”

[Kyaaak! Don’t mention such a scary movie!] (Liera)

No matter how good the defense was on Aegis, he couldn’t guarantee that the could hold out forever. Yu IlHan checked while blocking the spikes that appeared from below him.

“How much further do I need to dig until I reach the ground?”

[You are almost all the way through the magic metal parts. No matter how it tries to form its body using boulders from the mountain, in the end, the reason it can move its body was because it is made of magic metals, so if you can sever that, you can kill it. The problem is that……] (Erta)

[Is that we’ll get swallowed up before that happens. Yu IlHan, we need to escape this place first.] (Spiera)

“No.”

Yu IlHan interjected Spiera.

“There’s no solution if we attack from the outside. We need to finish it from the inside. So…… Let’s use the final card.”

He sighed a little. Had he mastered excavation, he wouldn’t have needed to undertake such risks!

Yu IlHan boldly put away the Death Driver into his inventory. The golem roared in victory after noticing that the drill had stopped, but Yu IlHan hadn’t died yet!

He covered his entire body with Aegis, and took a deep breath.

“I really didn’t want to use this.”

[Uuuh, that sounds very suspicious.] (Liera)

[Yu IlHan, no matter how high your fire attribute resistance is, that’s just….] (Erta)

‘It’s alright. Probably.”

The most important thing started now. While the bone screw was still holding out inside the golem! Yu IlHan’s eyes glistened mysteriously.

Even now, the inside of the golem’s body was shrinking little by little. If the bone screw was ejected, then it would immediately try to fill the gap.Yu IlHan planned to plant a bomb before that gap was filled – using the swap technique he had practiced so much. Collecting and releasing at the same time!

“Fuu.”

If he didn’t do it precisely, then Yu IlHan’s life would be in danger as well. Although he had fire attribute resistance, he had no explosion resistance. So he had to prevent himself from being hit by the explosion no matter what.

He stared at the bone screw, and at one moment, he blinked. Immediately after that, the bone screw disappeared, and the golem shrunk that part and filled the gap. It really was a blink of an eye – a moment that seemed like no one could do anything about it.

Even as the hole was shrinking towards him, Yu IlHan was smiling.



Chapter 168

[Yu IlHan, now…….?] (Erta)

[Now!] (Liera)

“Yes, now!”

While Erta was unsure, Liera was, and Yu IlHan agreed while crouching in a fetal position. At that moment, a grand explosion occurred!

[Kuwaaah!]

“Uaaah!”

The golem roared, but the one who actually wanted to scream was Yu IlHan. The effect of the explosion was so large that, Yu IlHan’s body sprung upwards due to the impact! He only endured while putting his faith into Aegis and his armor. Also…..

“Damn, this thing still isn’t dead! Then……”

[You really are going to do that? Do you have to do it?] (Liera)

“I don’t know anymore!”

Yu IlHan took out his Eight-tailed dragon spear, and activated purple flames, enhanced it with the Eternal Flame, and activated the Dragonic blood-enhanced Blaze.

[Are you really going to do it?] (Liera)

[You’ll really die!] (Erta)

“If I die……. please blast my the (D:) drive on my laptop to smithereens without asking!”

An absurdly high temperature heat appeared on the spear, and Yu IlHan struck beneath his foot with it.

“Uoooh!” (This is MC)

BOOOOOOM! An explosion incomparable to the one just now, occurred! The once-exploded magic gunpowder on various parts of its body (scattered due to the first explosion) was affected by Blaze and caused a secondary explosion!

[Kuoooh!]

The true might of the bomb only started now. The magic gunpowder scattered deep inside its body, amplified the already volatile energy of Blaze to the extreme, and instantly melted its body into a pool of magma. That which melted the golem’s body, also tried to melt Yu IlHan as well.

No matter how high Yu IlHan’s fire attribute resistance was, it was impossible to endure without a single scratch amidst all that. In the pain that made him feel like his guts were melting, he glugged on Breath like mad and endured. He actually found it quite endurable after a while.

“Hey, it’s actually pretty warm once you get used to it…..”

[Even a higher existence like me is feeling hot! What was that!?] (Spiera)

[IlHan, come to yourself! You must not sleep!] (Liera)

[I can understand your worry for him, but that’s a death flag for the snowy mountains!] (Erta)

How long had he endured in that state? The moment Yu IlHan decided to take out a new cheer pack, the surroundings turned silent as if everything was a lie. Until just now, his ears were almost numb from the golem’s roars, the churning of the insides, and the trembling from everywhere, but now they had all disappeared.

Immediately after that, the text that signified his victory, etched onto his retina.

[You have earned, 488,910,776,003 experience.]

[You have become level 162. 2 Strength, 2 Agility, 2 Health, 2 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 270 Keshna Golem.]

“Urgh.”

And at that moment, an enormous quantity of information flowed into Yu IlHan’s head. To exaggerate a little, it was similar to the time he received the blessing from the god of smithing.

Yu IlHan didn’t imagine that such a thing would happen, but the golem named ‘Keshna Golem’ had absorbed the records of the ruins in the process of fusing everything into its body, and with Yu IlHan defeating the Keshna Golem, all the records had flowed into Yu IlHan’s brain now!

No….. well, to be exact, this was precisely what those ancestors intended!

“This fucker! This is no trap, but something that would activate either way!”

[Sheesh, there really are some lunatics out there. Do you think humanity dies out in places because of psychos like this one…..?] (Liera)

Of course, it wasn’t like the magic engineering researchers had intentions to destroy the empire with a golem levelling 270. The problem was the golem they had created!

Keshna. This magic metal possessed incredible mana absorbability, tensile strength and was counted as one of the highest-tier metals, but other than that, if it was processed through a special means, it becomes possible for it to absorb the records from another object and preserve it in its entirety.

That was why, the ancestors created a golem from it, intending for it to absorb the records, and enable the successors to defeat it and absorb all of those records!

…….. That, was, the original intention, but the record absorbability of the Keshna Golem was beyond their imaginations. It would have been good if it just ended with absorbing the magic engineering-related records, but while it was waiting in darkness, it had rapidly grown stronger by absorbing all sorts of other records!

Contrary to the ancestors’ intentions for a successor to find the place soon, it was left alone for countless years, and the golem which became stronger through absorbing records alone for a long period of time, had actually broke through to the 4th class, and reached level 270!

And, as intended, it lifted its body in order to defeat the invaders. Result being the scene that had just taken place.

In other words, the ancestral researchers wanted make a ‘golem that can act as a device to transfer all of the records in its entirety’, but ended up creating a ‘golem that infinitely becomes stronger’. This was a result more absurd than inventing post-its while trying to develop adhesives!

“And this must be their karma.”

The angels who heard Yu IlHan’s short explanation could only smile bitterly. They, decided to stop at the conclusion that mana crafters, whether new or old, were all psychos.

[So, how are you going to get out, IlHan?] (Liera)

“Oh, this is all mine now.”

Replied Yu IlHan while avoiding the still uncooled magma. He swung his Eight-tailed dragon spear to procure a place to stand, and without much difficulty, he put away the golem, to be exact, the parts that were only composed of the magic metal.

One moment, and the space was empty. Yu IlHan, took out spears from his inventory and destroyed his way out.

Beyond the traces of the stone mountain, which looked like a disaster had struck, his group was waiting for him.

“Dad!”

“Mr. IlHan!”

“So cool…… It will be perfect is there was the white letters ‘END’ at the bottom left of the background~!”

First, I’ll smack Na YuNa on the forehead – he decided, as he walked towards them.

Well, there was something else he had decided on.

He wouldn’t even look in the direction of Lanpas from today onwards!

***

“I’m extremely sorry! I was planning to repay you for the necklace, but to think I’d ended up causing an inconvenience…..!”

“It’s alright. I’ve got the experience and the magic metal as well.”

The imperial princess couldn’t lift her head in front of him. Yu IlHan didn’t bother mentioning the fact that the golem would have activated either way. The opponent was being humble, so he didn’t find a need to relieve her burden at all.

Well, he did express his thanks saying that he had acquired plenty of materials related to magic engineering.

“Oh, and I won’t be going to that banquet either. I want to go back quickly.”

“But you’ve suffered so much. Why don’t you rest for a day here-”

“If you really want, then please give me the food that will appear in the banquet.”

Said Yu IlHan while taking out a Lock&Lock box.

“I hate people, not the food.”

“Put it…… here? The food?”

“If you can, pack an assortment into it.”

The imperial princess couldn’t possibly say no, and accepted the box with a strange expression. Then, she looked towards Kang MiRae for help. Kang MiRae noticed that, and said as well.

“We’ll wait for you to come back, so please be on your way.”

“Traitor!”

The imperial princess walked on the hallway while stomping on the ground. Yu IlHan smile at that and asked Kang MiRae.

“I’ll borrow the bath though. My body’s a mess right now.”

“Yes, this way.”

“I wanna bathe with daddy too!”

“Then me too, with Mr. IlHan~…… ouchouchouchouchouch!”

Na YuNa’s attempt to go with them was for naught. Thanks to Kang MiRae’s consideration, Yu IlHan and Yumir could enjoy a luxurious and leisurely bath.

Of course, he had also set up a luxurious bath in the Bittersweet Persona, but it did lose out when compared to the one in the imperial castle. Yu IlHan entered the bath with Yumir and stretched his body, while trying to find any points to learn from the bath facilities of the imperial castle.

“Dad, wasn’t it scary?”

These were Yumir’s words while he scraped Yu IlHan’s back with a soft towel. Yu IlHan thought about what he was referring to, and realized that it was the battle a while ago.

Scary, huh. It looks like Yumir had felt a sense of fear facing the overwhelming size of the golem. Well, it was no wonder, since the golem did indeed have an overwhelming size, and an overwhelming strength to go with it.

If he did not have the magic gunpowder or the Death Driver, Yu IlHan would have had to put much more effort into defeating it. Although, he didn’t think he would lose.

So, it was natural for Yumir, who was both young and still weak, to get scared. Perhaps Yu IlHan was a bad parent for forgetting that he was only three years old now…

“You don’t have to worry about the big-sized guys. Dad won easily, didn’t I?”

“Was it easy?”

Yumir’s voice turned serious, so Yu IlHan pondered seriously as well. Of course, the conclusion was the same.

“Yup, it was easy.”

Yu IlHan had already prepared a lot to fight against large enemies, and had coincidentally met one that just fit that criteria. Naturally, there was no other outcome than victory, and so, he won.

Well, yes, he did panic when the enemy used an attack he didn’t predict, but in any case, they were all attacked that he had put up countermeasures against. It wouldn’t have been so easy if his Excavation skill didn’t rise at the decisive moment, but in any case, it was quite an easy battle.

“Then what is hard to you, dad?”

“Higher existence.”

Yu IlHan immediately replied.

“If it’s the others, I feel like I can face them with my techniques artifacts or wits, but I still can’t find a solution against higher existences. I feel like I can do it once I am 4th class, but for now, it’s still impossible. No matter how stealthily I move, it will be meaningless if I cannot penetrate their skins.”

“So that’s it. Dad is strong after all. Your standards are completely different from others.”

Yumir nodded, but his voice was trembling as if slightly frustrated. Yu IlHan could feel more pressure on his back.

“I wanted to help dad, but I was sad because I couldn’t do anything.”

“You helped out plenty.”

“No, it’s not that.”

His abilities rose just by fighting together, and he also inflicted a fatal strike with Dragonic blood, so he couldn’t say that Yumir wasn’t of help. However, Yumir didn’t seem to be satisfied with just that. As expected of a dragon.

“I want to become stronger. I want to fight a lot, and eat a lot.”

“Yes.”

“And I’ll become a dragon that suits you, dad.”

“Yes, you will be able to.”

In fact, Yumir was plenty strong right now, but Yu IlHan thought that it was not a bad thing to give a positive stimulus to the child. And also……

“Now I got my hands on magic engineering knowledge, I’ll make a present for you Mir. However, I’ll only give it to you once I see that you’re growing fast.”

“Really!?”

A suitable reward would help his desire! Yu IlHan could feel that the mana in Yumir’s body was thumping, in a positive way. Yu IlHan felt better since he thought that he took a step forwards as a father.

[I wanna bathe too! With Mir~~~!] (Na YuNa)

[……come, here, and, sit, down.] (Kang MiRae)

[Hiik!] (Na YuNa)

At that moment, faint voices could be heard. It looks like the people out there didn’t think that it would be audible inside the bath, but Yu IlHan’s senses were already beyond that of a 3rd class. Mir was the same. The father and son looked at each other and laughed.

When the father and son exited the bath, the imperial princess was waiting outside. Her expression of achievement was quite impressive.

“Here, I’ve put in every single one of them! By me! For Mr. Yu IlHan only!”

“Splendid!”

Yu IlHan took back the Lock&Lock box from her. However, the imperial princess also handed him a jewel that was emitting violet light.

“This is?”

“It’s an item that was found when we first went to the magic engineering ruins. Mana can be felt from it, but we can’t do anything about it, so I’ll give it to you.”

Yu IlHan accepted the jewel. He also checked its information, but for now, he had the same conclusion as the imperial princess. This was an item that was already processed once, and its uses were incomprehensible right now. Perhaps he would understand after he made all the magic engineering knowledge his.

“Our empire wants to be on friendly terms with you in the future. I implore you to please remember this.”

“……Got it.”

He did expect this, but it looks like she still had a sense of guilt.

Well, it was no wonder, since, although such things were everyday life for Yu IlHan, for her, it was a disaster that would only have a chance of happening once every few hundred years. It was natural that she thought that Yu IlHan had a bad first impression of the empire.

“It really is alright. If anything, I profited since I levelled up.”

“Even so…..”

“Then let’s do it this way. This jewel is my compensation. Oh, and when you enter a newly found ruin, please be careful. It looks like the magic kingdom had quite a lot of psychopaths.”

“Yes, sir.”

[As if he’s not a psychopath…..]

[Shh.]

Although they had to do something completely different from what he had expected here, Yu IlHan, Yumir, Na YuNa, and Kang MiRae could safely return to Earth. They had harvested more than they had expected too!

And the next day, he set off for Breya after repairing his equipment.

Time to acquire a new source of metal and holy stones.



Chapter 169

Breya was a world with a particularly large number of people worshipping recorded gods, influencing their civilization such that there were lots of technology and culture related to those gods. At the same time, a world where holy power belonging to priests and priestesses rivalled political power and influence.

With the same members that had journeyed to Lanpas, Yu IlHan arrived at the holy empire of Elforce, where the faction worshipping the goddess of beauty, Leytna, had the most say. Perhaps, as a sign of devotion to the goddess of beauty, there were a lot of pink-colored buildings.

“Lady maiden, hello!”

“Hi!”

“Holy empire, huh…..”

“Well, how is it!”

Yu IlHan was looking around when Na YuNa asked as she moved her face close to him. Yu IlHan pushed her forehead away and replied nonchalantly.

“It’s similar to Earth.”

“Ah, it’s the holy maiden!”

“Hello! …… well~ look at this~.”

Yu IlHan listened to Na YuNa’s words and looked at the surroundings with widened eyes. However, he couldn’t comprehend what she meant.

“Lady maiden!”

“Hi!”

The people walking around didn’t have any special type of clothing either…. no, wait.

“Lady maiden!”

“It really is the holy maiden!”

“……You’re quite popular here.”

“Heheh, that’s it!”

With a proud face, Na YuNa pushed out her chest in a proud manner. It looks like she had wanted him to notice that from the beginning. Really, she was no different from an elementary schooler.

“I am treated like this here~! So please give me some love too in the future, Mr. IlHan~!”

“You don’t have to worry about me, so play tic tac toe with the guys here all you want.”

“Hiin~ that’s not it……”

Leaving aside the dejected Na YuNa, Yu IlHan walked the streets with Yumir. Even the food from the banquet in Lanpas had splendid food. Eating the local specialties was one of the true joys of travelling! He was planning to enjoy everything that he wouldn’t be able to back home.

[Looks like Na YuNa is quite dejected but….. well, you must be thinking about food.] (Erta)

[Even if IlHan falls into hell, he’ll look for tasty food and special metals first.] (Liera)

[I’d find it fortunate if he did not plan to enhance the flames in hell with the Eternal Flame.] (Spiera)

“You guys are too much!”

Leaving aside Liera, who had lived with him for the longest time, even Erta and Spiera knew him too well! While being shocked, Yu IlHan silently added hell tourism onto his bucket list.

“Give me two of these Kavur ice cream.”

“Two Kavurs, right up.”

Then, he ordered two ice cream from the store in front of him, in a pronunciation more fluent than the locals and shared the ice cream with Yumir.

“Dad, this is delicious!”

“That’s true.”

It looked like some kind of fruit or spices unique to this world was added into it. Yu IlHan thought that he had achieved his objective just by experiencing a new taste. Then, he bought two more ice creams before returning to Kang MiRae and Na YuNa.

“Cheer up with this. There are plenty of people in the world, other than me, who would be delighted to play with you.”

“I want to play with you though….. Ah, so nice.”

Even while grumbling, Na YuNa deliciously ate the icecream Yu IlHan gave her. Kang MiRae looked at the scene with dumbfounded eyes, but she too, fell silent as the ice cream was very good. Yu IlHan decided to take the ingredients of this Kavur ice cream or whatever it was called, back to Earth.

“So, what do I need to do here? What, do I need to fight a golem made of holy stones now or something?”

“And if I say yes?”

“Of course, I’d welcome it. Afterwards, the holy stones will all be mine.”

Now, Yu IlHan had the confidence to defeat golems with his eyes closed. The drill…… the Death Driver and the Pile Bunker were plenty strong – he had confirmed that! Moreover, he had some grenades that made use of the magic gunpowder and the Giant’s Rubber Band, so he had nothing to be afraid of.

“I don’t want to. It was the worst battle, with me unable to do anything.”

“Me too.”

Unintentionally, it looked like the battle with the Keshna Golem ended up as a sort of trauma for Kang MiRae and Yumir. Yu IlHan sought to change topics and urged Na YuNa.

“So, what is it?”

“You’ll know if you come with me!”

Na YuNa pulled on Yu IlHan’s sleeve. Yu IlHan couldn’t hide his worry, for now, he decided to follow her obediently. It should at least be better than his time in Lanpas, right?

There was a time, when he thought that was true.

“Tada!”

The place Na YuNa lead him to was a ruin.

“It’s here!”

“What’s here?”

Yu IlHan asked back as he looked around.

He estimated that there was something important, as they had entered deep into the forest guarded by numerous priests and priestesses along with paladins. And when they arrived, it was a ruin; one that looked like it used to have a slightly very tall building!

The building itself looked like it was built a considerable amount of time ago, but from the context of the request, he guessed that it wasn’t too long ago that it collapsed. While his questions grew bigger and bigger, Na YuNa opened her mouth.

“This place is a super high-tier sacred place that is said to be where the goddess of beauty, Leyta, had once descended upon. It is also the location where the original Leyta Temple was built as well as where the baptism ceremonies were carried out……. in any case, you can consider it the most important place in our church.”

“I have two questions.”

“If you kiss me, then I’ll ans…… ouchouchouchouchouch.”

Yu IlHan pinched on Na YuNa’s soft cheeks so it would leave a faint mark, and asked with a nonchalant face. It wasn’t like he didn’t want to ask how a recorded god descended on the land, but for now, he focused on the necessary information first.

“Why is such a place in a mess?”

“Not long ago, there was a grand battle with a super-sized 4th class monster over level 250. There were so many casualties that we decided to lure it to this place to fight it. This is because the the goddess’s holy power is amplified in this place~.”

A shocking reason was returned to him. He regretted pinching Na YuNa’s cheeks, and spoke in a slightly difficult voice.

“…….It’s fortunate that you’re safe, miss Na YuNa.”

“I’m alright. I’m a VVVIP, so I won’t die unless everyone else does. However……”

Unlike the usual her, she was making some frightening remarks with a dark expression. Yu IlHan could guess what came after that. He quickly spoke and prevented her from speaking.

“So, what do you want me to do here?”

“Building the Great Temple again.”

He didn’t know she would actually request that, even though he had guessed that it may be that from mid way the story!

“There are a lot of elements needed to build the Great Temple, and the only craftsman that satisfy all the conditions while enhancing the temple even further, is you, Mr. IlHan.”

“Well, that’s definitely an important request in the viewpoint of the Leytna Church…..”

Then they should call a professional construction worker, why did they call for him!

“If you made such a large mansion, then you can do it! I believe in you~!”

“Such a baseless belief always ruins everything!”

Yu IlHan sighed and looked around the place. Just from the size of the ruins, he could estimate the size of the structure. It looked like this wouldn’t end in just one or two days. Well, it would be within his personality to refuse, but……

‘I want the holy stones.’

Of course, this would be after he had deepened his knowledge on magic engineering, but he had the thought that he might be able to make an amazing item if he used the holy stones. Perhaps at the level of Bittersweet persona……. or perhaps, even better ones.

There was one other thing that was tugging on his mind, but Yu IlHan didn’t acknowledge that so that was nulled. He opened his mouth and spoke.

“Okay. I’ll do it. I have a few conditions though.”

“Yeah~!”

Yu IlHan first wanted to meet the overseer of the project. Only after he talked with that person and received some payment up front, was he willing to talk about working environments.

Or so he thought, but.

“I’m the overseer!”

“How!”

“Because I’m the holy maiden!”

Yu IlHan felt unpleasant with Na YuNa’s uselessly blinding smile. Although he did think that this world had quite a lot of loose screws, where Na YuNa was acknowledged and relied on, he…….

“Okay, then. Let’s negotiate now.”

He thought that if it was her, he would be able to rip her off more, so it wasn’t a bad thing!

“Hiik! Mr. IlHan, you have a scary expression! MiRae, help me!”

“Mr. IlHan, if it’s negotiation, then leave it to me. Ripping more off others is my specialty.”

“Traitor~~!”

The negotiation went smoothly. Yu IlHan faced the ruins again after negotiating with tens of sheets of blueprints of the temple, the human resources support, work times, as well as the quality of the holy stones for rewards.

Not to mention the debris around the place, there was also the flipped lands. He felt stifled just by watching.

“You’re not going to use these debris somewhere, right?”

“We aren’t, but what….”

Yu IlHan took a deep breath and lifted his hand. And with that, a portion of the debris on the site straight up disappeared. He had collected them into his inventory.

“Wow!”

“Dad is amazing!”

In fact, there was no need for Yu IlHan to raise his hand either. All the ruined parts within Yu IlHan’s range of remote collection all entered Yu IlHan’s inventory without a single speck of sand remaining. The history, the weight, the sadness, the resentment – disappeared as well.

The group dumbfoundedly watched as Yu IlHan proceeded forward while collecting everything into his inventory like a vacuum cleaner. They knew of Yu IlHan’s ability, but they were still surprised.

It didn’t end there, and at the same time Yu IlHan flattened the cracked lands and stitched them. Some things popped out from time to time while other things stomped on the ground and flattened them. Even though they were watching, they couldn’t believe it!

“I thought it would take several days to clean up the debris…”

“I’ll take the usable ones back out later.”

On one side, he picked out the relatively usable ones, and those that may become usable after some work. Although they looked like a mess when they entered, when they came back out, they were all cleaned of dust and piled up neatly, every piece looked so nice that they could be mistaken for new materials.

[Although I don’t want to admit it, remote collection may just be the most optimized ability for construction and manual labour.] (Liera)

[You didn’t have to say that out loud!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan worked on the materials there. The work ended not very long after.

“We still manage to make out 20% of them.”

“I thought we wouldn’t be able to use them again….. Thank you.”

Perhaps Na YuNa had a lot of emotional attachment to the compound. She made a bright smile while stroking on an intact pillar. A smile that left a deep impression on Yu IlHan’s mind.

Thinking that this location was indeed very strange, making Na YuNa look like a normal person, Yu IlHan spoke to her.

“And so? The rest of the materials?”

“Ah.”

She looked like she had thought up of something at Yu IlHan’s question, and made a proposal.

“We’re making them…… but if you help out they might finish faster!”

Like that, Yu IlHan and co swapped locations again. Yu IlHan found Na YuNa’s smile a little unpleasant, but decided to follow her for now. It would be better if work finished up quickly!

All of the materials used to build the Great Temple of the Leyta Church were the stones from the stone mountain that the church had managed for a long time.

They were extremely sturdy, with the goddess’s holy power contained in them; and when they were completed in the form of a temple, even 4th classes wouldn’t be able to break it easily.

“Errrgh!”

“Carve a little more! If we carve a little more, the temple’s pillars…”

“Lady Leytna, please give me a little more power! Power to excavate this stone……!’

And so, they were trying ridiculously hard to excavate and process. Ordinary people weren’t even allowed to enter here, so it was the paladins and priests that were doing the work, and the scene of them calling out to the god they worship, while struggling, was quite a sight to see.

“I’ll do this. In the name of Lady Leytna……!”

“Eergh, is it half way out now!”

“……”

Yu IlHan became speechless with the scene of lunacy in front of him. He tried to retreat backwards, but Na YuNa grabbed onto him, her eyes full of stars.

“Mr. IlHan’s drill should work~!”

“…..Dammit.”

With that, Yu IlHan’s excavation resumed.



Chapter 170

“This part simply won’t budge…… huh!?”

“Just where is that amazing sound coming from, what!?!!”

The gazes of the priests and paladins labouring away in the quarry had all headed towards one place from some time ago. There was someone who, despite being in the same place, looked very different to others present.

“Just, what… is that…….?”

“The stones are being carved out like mad! These stones are hard to break even with skills……!”

“Shut up!”

This was an era where hundred people working together to dig out the stones, and ten people working together to carve out the stones had become common sense. A single person was doing everything by himself as if to laugh at them!

“Uoooh!”

Yu IlHan’s Death Driver and the attached bone screw spun violently. This was a drill that dug through a level 270 golem’s body On the other hand, the stones in this quarry were, in the end, just stones. Even if they contained holy power, there was no way he’d lose!

“Whoa, such a large stone was so easily…!”

“Wait, isn’t that the arch in the Great Temple!? How can this be, he’s processing it at the same time he’s digging it out?”

In front of Yu IlHan’s bold but precise control, the giant stone slabs were excavated, and subsequently processed with pinpoint accuracy. They may as well be just used directly without any additional processing. Naturally, this was only possible for Yu IlHan since he had memorized the entire blueprint Na YuNa had given him!

[The skill, Excavation, has become level 51.]

Leaving aside the fact that the skill he acquired yesterday was going past level 50, it was amazing that that skill was rising so quickly again. Of course, the reason was none other than the stones containing the power of a goddess. So, Yu IlHan was unintentionally becoming an expert in the Excavation skill.

“Amazing!”

“In just ten minutes, he did more work than what all of us could do in one week!”

“Don’t just exclaim and work! Roar!”

As expected of Yu IlHan, who got used to labor the more he did it, the speed at which he excavated and processed the stones became faster as well. Seeing him switch out his bone screw and breaking the weak parts of the stones with calculated strikes, some people even felt lightheaded.

“MiRae, here!”

“Why me too……. Thunder Strike!”

“Wind Cutter!”

Kang MiRae and Yumir were also working hard. Her lightning would break the giant stones apart, and Yumir would polish them with delicately controlled wind magic. As the two had extraordinary ability, they could be considered the two MVPs if not for Yu IlHan.

“MiRae, next is this!”

“You’re shamelessly ordering me now…..!”

“But didn’t you say that you wanted to be of help to him?”

“I wasn’t talking about stuff like this! When I said I wanted to help him, what I wanted was a more….. eeei!”

“Uoooh!”

“It broke through! The mountain has a hole now!”

“Whoa, the statue! Why is the statue that depicts the scene of Lady Leytna’s descent, here?”

Of course, they couldn’t surpass Yu IlHan, who made a statue with a single drill.

3 days after Yu IlHan was put to work in the quarry, the procuring of the construction materials had ended. Although there was some in-between process to delicately polish and sand them, those could be during the course of the construction process.

“An amazing man.”

“Even if he monopolized the maiden’s buffs…. And there was that strange equipment too……”

“I heard that that man was the greatest architect from Earth.”

“Are all architects on Earth such monsters!?”

Ignoring the priests and paladins that tried to spread rumors about him, he put all the construction materials into his inventory. Then, he shouted towards the priests and paladins that were whispering until now.

“Now, we’re going over to the ruins to build the temple! You guys are coming with me!”

“Yes!”

“We shall follow you!”

From some time, Yu IlHan had become the ruler of the quarry, and everyone followed him without talking back. A mere digger, not a priest or anything belonging to the Leytna Church, had acquired the faith of everyone.

Yu IlHan’s grandeur stood out even more once the construction started – A wave of his hand flattened the ground, another flick of his wrist laid out the stones containing holy power from the goddess. The priests were even slightly excited.

“Is he also one that is blessed by the goddess? We can’t explain all of this otherwise!”

“He’s the person who will marry me~!”

“I’m not.”

The construction of the Temple was actually easier than when he had made the Bittersweet Persona, reason being, that there was no need for him to mana craft the place.

The stones containing the goddess’s holy power would influence each other and become stronger in the process of becoming a part of the temple, and will generate special properties. This wasn’t something that happened with Yu IlHan’s influence, but something that was just planned out to be like that. It was truly mysterious and strange.

“Recorded gods, eh…..”

[I said they don’t exist. I’m speaking as a person who received a blessing, so it’s definitely true.] (Liera)

“I also have one, duh. The blessing from the god of smithing.”

[Religion is free. Since those foolish humans would have gained strength while believing in a false god.] (Spiera)

Throughout the entire construction process, the priests stayed nearby and imbued holy power into the location and the temple itself. The temple absorbed it and emitted an even thicker pink glow, causing Yu IlHan to feel somewhat strange while touching and constructing the temple that grew stronger and stronger as if growing, just like a real life form.

This strange power, known as the holy power of a false god – a strange feeling that something faint, that he could not grasp, but was already in his hands, tugged away at his mind.

“Mr. IlHan. If you’re tired, then do you want to rest with me for a bit~?”

“I’m not tired. And even if I do rest, I’ll rest alone.”

“Hm, it looks like you’re still alright!”

“You diagnosed my exhaustion levels with just those words!?”

The re-construction of the Great Temple, that was predicted to take at least one year, had progressed at least 30 times as fast as that.

Even the people at the Church of Leytna couldn’t help but acknowledge Yu IlHan’s abilities, when they were initially half doubtful of Na YuNa’s selection of personnel. Of course, Yu IlHan couldn’t care less about what others thought of him!

“Good, now it’s almost finished.”

[Perhaps because you received the blessing from the god of smithing, the temple you made feels slightly special. Look at that. It’s been a long time since I saw such cleanly refined holy power.] (Liera)

[Do you not get it, Liera? It’s not because of the god of smithing. Yu IlHan had become used to the holy power of the goddess of beauty. Like how a physical body wields mana, he’s wielding the holy power of the goddess with the stones containing the holy power.] (Spiera)

“I’m not sure about that…… but if possible, I feel like I don’t even want to finish and just keep continuing until I get used to this power. I feel like I can extract the power from the holy stones to the very limit if I do that.”

At first, Yu IlHan had only accepted Na YuNa’s request in order to get some holy stones, but working while receiving a near infinite amount of holy power within the construction site deepened his comprehension on god’s power itself, and he felt like he had received plenty of rewards already.

Although he did feel this slightly while processing the boulders in the quarry into parts that would be used to construct the temple, he felt it more clearly now, during construction. These gods weren’t simply just egos created from countless human wills, by the Akashic Record. He felt like there was an independent existence that was graspable, beyond that.

[Don’t think about it too hard, Yu IlHan. You only need to accept what is before your eyes.] (Erta)

“It’s a problem since I can’t see them, duh.”

If he grasped it… he felt like he could advance a little more…… but for now, this was something unreachable since he didn’t know how and what to ‘grasp’.

While Yu IlHan’s thoughts became deeper in an unexpected place in an unexpected method, the construction of the Great Temple, proceeded like a ship with smooth sail, and met its end on the 9th day of the construction.

“Mr. IlHan, you need to bring it here~!”

“Fuuup.”

The statue of the goddess that Yu IlHan had carved out with all of his soul and body, with the Death Driver – The moment he placed the statue, that looked similar to Na YuNa for some reason, in the center of the temple, the entire venue was covered in a mellow pink fog.

It was a signal that everything had finally reached completion, becoming a temple containing the goddess’s power! The priests and paladins that eagerly waited for this moment all started chanting prayers and heightened their holy powers, with the highest being present, Na Yuna of course .

“Lady goddess. Please put your power to work to never let it fall any more in the future~!”

At that moment, there was a grand explosion of light! While everyone looked towards the holy maiden, Na YuNa was making a nonchalant smile. Immediately after that, pink text etched onto the retinas of everyone present.

[The Great Temple of the goddess of beauty, Leytna, was constructed. You will receive the records of the goddess of beauty according to contribution.]

“Wow, looks like I’ll get even prettier now.”

That was as expected from Na YuNa, who was engrossed in decorating herself and acknowledging her beauty. Yu IlHan snorted with a hmph, but still stealthily asked Liera.

“Did my face become a little better?”

[Your face was already perfect though!] (Liera)

[You asked the wrong person, Yu IlHan. And there wouldn’t be such immediate changes!] (Erta)

While Yu IlHan was feeling a little down, the others also started to react to the text on their retinas. As they were all those that dedicated their lives and lived for the name Leytna, their happiness and joy were incomparable to that of Yu IlHan’s.

“Oh my god. We actually succeeded in rebuilding the temple!”

“The goddess has answered our prayers. This is all thanks to……”

“The architect Yu IlHan!”

“Yu IlHan!”

But somehow, their cheers started to derail into a different direction. They should just call out to the goddess, but it looked like the charisma Yu IlHan had shown them had influenced them so much that he was praised as well! The goddess would probably feel really disappointed.

“Let’s make a bronze statue of him!”

“We need to appoint him an honorary priest. Let’s record today as the celebratory day for rebuilding the temple……!”

“Since the temple was rebuilt so fast, let’s pray to the goddess for….. huh?”

And they realized.

That the figure of the man that was with them until just now, had disappeared.

***

After returning to Earth, Yu IlHan first acquired the holy stones, the rewards, from the construction request. Like how Na YuNa boasted of it as the highest-tier holy stones, it was very large and glowy, but when Na YuNa blessed it with a prayer, it started to emit a faint pink light constantly.

“The pope wanted to see you though~.”

“No, I honestly don’t want to get involved with that church. They all have too much emotion.”

Of course, with the worst being Na YuNa in front of him. She had somehow come to him without MiRae, and was smiling brightly while making Yumir sit on her lap.

“Although I’m a little bold, I’m truly being honest. I think living while letting your hearts out without hiding it is a truly great thing!”

Then, she would say a line that struck the heart as if it was nothing. Yu IlHan sighed and shrugged.

“You can live that way if you want.”

“Heheh, I’m already living like that! Although, I pick the people I want to be honest in front of!”

She declared.

“I’m showing everything to you right now too, Mr. IlHan, without hiding anything!”

“Ah, is that so.”

Yu IlHan laughed. He thought that he maybe able to believe in her words now, although he was unsure about if he would be able to do so when they first met, and laughed at himself for thinking like that.

It was just that her words nagged him somewhat, but he couldn’t pinpoint what it was. Since he couldn’t point it out, he decided to not think about it so deeply. Instead,

“The ones confronting you will get tired so please refrain yourself.”

“Wao, so direct!”

“And have some lunch before you go. I’m bored since all my subordinates went to Dareu.”

“Yay!”

“Yay!”

Na YuNa rejoiced while hugging Yumir. Yu IlHan was shocked at himself for offering her lunch, but also thought that it would be alright if he kept his distance. This was all thanks to the matters in Breya.

Like that, after a few days passed with Yu IlHan and Na YuNa’s relationship improving ever so slightly, a single notice was put up in Gangnam on Earth.

[Recruiting mercenaries to solve the crisis in the world Phituroa. Please help us.]

The winds of the Earth Mercenary era had started to blow for real.



Chapter 171

Phituroa was a world that 794 people of Earth were indebted to. Like other worlds after the 3rd Great Cataclysm, they had a lot of 3rd class and 2nd class personnel, and they somehow held their own against 4th class monsters.

[However, it usually only takes an instant for a world to collapse.] (Liera)

Liera let out a sigh.

[There was a Dungeon Break. And within a blink of an eye, you’d get a Dungeon Wave. If there were 4th classes among them, then the people would lose their fighting power while fighting them……. and coincidentally, the empty dungeons would all activate and there would be an Overflow. Like that, the number of 4th class monsters would increase….. and it will be the end if people failed to block that.] (Liera)

“It’s a true cycle of hell.”

[But it’s not like we can stop installing dungeons because of that, so it’s even more of a pain.] (Erta)

[That’s an ordinary process from a world to its destruction. Like that, the mutated monsters would become the largest race and the doors to the world will close.] (Spiera)

[And the Destruction Demon Army would approach such worlds.] (Liera)

The angels were in perfect sync today. Perhaps, they were feeling pained from seeing numerous worlds that met such an end. Yu IlHan replied with a bitter smile.

“If you know that, then do something about it.”

[Anyone would want to do that, but the forces of the Heaven’s Army is not infinite. We can’t interfere more than needed, and so, in the end, the residents of the world have to win against the crisis they face, by themselves. That’s the absolute law.] (Liera)

“No.”

Yu IlHan interjected while closing the ‘Phituroa Support’ notification on his smartphone app.

“It was once an absolute law. But now, things might be different.”

What if, strong people from other worlds could come to support when a world was in dire straits?

That world would gain an opportunity to overcome that crisis and stand up once again, and the ones that came to support would be able to create debts. Then, they would receive support when they were in a crisis.

All of this now became possible with Earth. The experts scattered over many worlds could now focus on a single world, through Earth.

If a strong alliance formed between worlds with this opportunity, then it would become possible to help each other and develop infinitely!

[If such a good cycle can happen, then that will be for the best.] (Liera)

[It will probably be impossible. We’re talking about people who are neither family, relatives, people of the same country, or even, of the same world. How would anyone be able to trust in others and lend their power? That is just all a delusion.] (Spiera)

“Don’t think about it so negatively. Perhaps this is an opportunity for the intelligent species to to overcome the wall between worlds and become one large community for real.

[And, as one of those ‘intellectual species’, what are you doing right now?] (Erta)

Yu IlHan became silent. That was because he was currently pouring fragments of Keshna into the furnace with Eternal Flame in it.

It was good that he had dismantled the golem, but as the performance of the Death Driver and the bone screw was too good, the metal had turned into fine powder, so he couldn’t use it like that. Resulting in the scene now, where he was going through a refinement process.

“I’m doing my own work.”

[Yes. While everyone ‘does their own work’, Phituroa will be destroyed. Of course, I do not mean that your actions are bad in any way.] (Erta)

It wasn’t at all that bad to think about yourself as insufficient, nor was it better to invite danger upon oneself by going to another world rather than focus on protecting one’s own. In fact, that was more realistic.

Just that, if one had the ability, and believed that the world they helped would reciprocate later, it wouldn’t be such a bad thing to help out. In the core, was trust. If people knew that they could trust each other, then they would create miracles.

“However, you know what. Miracles are called that because they don’t happen.”

[So you haven’t the slightest intention to make the intelligent species one community, disregarding the wall between worlds?] (Liera)

“You should have noticed when I said that in the first place. My AT field is invincible. It will simply refuse to hang out with another person.”

[Really……?] (LIera)

Yu IlHan did not bother replying to Liera’s words. He was also thinking that his circle had grown bigger with his subordinates, Yumir, Kang MiRae, and Na YuNa.

If Kang MiRae and Na YuNa fell into danger for example, wouldn’t he move in order to save them? Not because he was told by someone, but because his heart would not be at rest if he didn’t.

Yes. Becoming attached to another person would increase a person’s responsibility. That’s why he hated it. He really didn’t want any more of it.

But if it was only a little, then there would be no more such connections.

“If it seems like there will be insufficient people, then tell me at that time. I’ll just think of it as a hunt.”

[What happened to the AT field?] (Liera)

“I said it’s a hunt.”

Yu IlHan pouted as he kept pouring Keshna into the furnace. In the battle with the Keshna Golem, the Eternal Flame had acquired a considerable quantity of records, and grew once again. Now, with the full output from it, he could watch in satisfaction, the scene where specks of Keshna melted down and became a puddle.

[In the end, how much Keshna were you able to get out of it?] (Erta)

“More than 50% was lost permanently during battle. Moreover, the golem’s body had other metals that were used to enhance the physical strength…… counting pure Keshna, it’s not that much. Around 3 tons?”

[So 3 tons is not much eh……] (Erta)

Well, yeah. To Yu IlHan, who was thinking of refining the Keshna to make another golem, it was too low. Although, it was still impossible for him to create golems, since he hadn’t truly made all the magic engineering knowledge his yet!

But when he spent some time while working, Liera called for Yu IlHan.

[……IlHan.] (Liera)

“Now I really only need a magic stone from a higher ex….. yes?”

[I don’t think you’re needed.] (Liera)

When Yu IlHan tilted his head at Liera’s words, she showed him a single photo. – one that had numerous people in front of a gate. Yu IlHan noticed without difficulty, that the gate was connected to Phituroa.

“No way.”

[I was also doubtful, but it looks like it’s true.] (Liera)

Gates between Earth and other worlds were increasing in real-time, albeit slowly. Currently, there were a total of 26 gates.

But since the photo in front of Yu IlHan’s eyes included at least 5 thousand people, there was an average of 200 people per world that had come for support.

[Looks like the rewards are tempting. Well, even I would be desperate when the world looks like it’s about to end.] (Erta)

[Things are turning interesting. What would happen from now on? I’m so excited.] (Liera)

“Well, I don’t know about the exact reason, but…”

Yu IlHan was satisfied that there was no need for him to go there, and poured more lumps of Keshna into the furnace. Then he said,

“It’s good as long as it doesn’t bother me.”

***

Mankind was really worried about the Earth after the 2nd Great Cataclysm, but the many variables actually ended up stabilizing Earth.

Increase in the overall power of Earth thanks to Vanguard, attention of the people of other worlds due to various trades and auctions that occurred on Earth, other than that, there were even more complex elements that actually ended up making Earth one of the most stabilized worlds.

“Now, we’d be in trouble if Earth disappeared.”

“Although we like the trade with other worlds, if Vanguard disappeared…..”

“But when’s the 2nd auction for the advanced equipment?”

And the change didn’t end at just Earth. The other worlds connected to Earth, had also become able to recruit ability users of other worlds as mercenaries, achieving a more stable state as well.

The world that started the mercenary practice, Phituroa, had could overcome its crisis thanks to the mercenaries. As it was a tremendous force, the number of casualties were minimal as well. This made Yu IlHan and his three angels look stupid for doubting the union of the people.

Of course, it wasn’t like an alliance that disregarded the walls around everyone’s hearts and brought them together, had formed like Yu IlHan’s wishes. Humans were too rotten to rely on the pure beliefs of children, and the price for salvation was only second to that of destruction.

Yes. What Phituroa had put out were magic stones – the majority of the 3rd class and 4th class magic stones scraped from all over the world! The people were attracted by them when they went to help!

There was a limit to playing around with Yu IlHan’s heart for being impressed at mankind’s purity!

[The reason they want magic stones should obviously be for Vanguard and Angel Tear, right?] (Liera)

[To think you’d make people go save other worlds in order to buy Vanguard products… Yu IlHan, you really solve a lot of things with the things you do.] (Erta)

“Although this applies to 3rd classes as well, it is quite difficult for an ordinary person to be in possession of a 4th class magic stone. So that’s it. magic stones would be released into the market like this.”

And the more people got their hands on magic stones, the more active the trade with Vanguard would become. In Yu IlHan’s shoes, this was a very good thing.

[Uuu. Somehow, the situation is becoming out of our hands now.] (Liera)

“It’s alright. It’s not like anything was in your hands in the first place.”

[I wish things would go well……] (Erta)

“Now you girls aren’t even denying it…….”

Perhaps due to the smooth start, other than the initial salvation of Phituroa, there were notices of ‘urgent help needed’ put up quite frequently. As they had to put out 3rd class magic stones as the minimum reward, the request should be very rare, but precisely because of that, many people flocked to those requests once they appeared.

Around two months after the first Phituroaa request, there were two more large scale mercenary requests, and Kang MiRae noticed that there was a need for an organization to manage all of this.

So the card she played was none other than Metal Knights and Magia.

These two clans possessed power rivaling the Lightning God clan, excluding her, and they had enough qualifications to represent the Earth, and above all, they cooperated in the creation of the Gangnam Trade Center. Now, it was her turn to keep her promise.

“Mercenary guild? So who is it, Lightning God again? Or did Yu IlHan come out himself?”

“No, but they’re basically the same people. It’s Metal Knights and Magia. The two that hung out with Lightning God. However, what’s frustrating is that we can’t take part in it.”

“Dammit! They’re planning to take everything for themselves!”

Of course, there were a lot of complaints. The word ‘Front Line Alliance’ had long since become famous on Earth, and there were a set of guilds inside it that stood out even more.

Some complained, saying it was a connections-based administration, but Kang MIRae ignored them as always.

The reason she had chosen Metal Knights and Magia was only to reduce as much noise as possible, if there was anyone else capable of it, then she would be completely fine with them too. In fact, it was more likely that the people with complaints had malicious intentions.

Metal Knights and Magia moved as she had intended. The two clan masters, Michael Smithson and Carina Malatesta, came to Gangnam themselves and created the mercenary guild while preparing an infrastructure to manage the mercenaries more efficiently and improving the rewards system.

The mercenary guild enabled the mercenaries participating in a request to receive rewards according to contribution, and even succeeded in preparing a safe route for their return.

Although slight fees were imposed on both the clients and the mercenaries for the guild to operate properly, this was overwhelmingly convenient and undoubtedly safer than the time they had to put up notices and pray for a good outcome.

So, who could hate the mercenary guild? With that, Earth had shot a signal to activate the mercenary requests of other worlds. At this point in time, the 2nd advanced equipments auction was held, and led many experts of worlds to the mercenary guild.

Although Yu IlHan was guarding the venue in the 1st auction, he didn’t show up at all in the 2nd. He judged that he had given enough of a warning through the 1st auction, so he only prepared the items to be traded, and left the security to Flemir and the wolves from Kiroa.

The auction ended safely. Amidst the auction venue full of joy of those that managed to bid successfully, and the sighs of those who couldn’t, Kang MIRae muttered with an absent-minded gaze.

“Just where did he go.”

“Didn’t he say he went to the world he was connected to?”

“But it’s already been two months.”

Two months, that was the time that had flown past after Yu IlHan had left the items for the auction and Yumir in their care. Well, it wasn’t like Kang MiRae couldn’t understand the activities in worlds connected to oneself, but since the duration was too long, she couldn’t help but worry.

No, she didn’t want to admit it, but rather than worry for him, it was a problem of her heart.

Her first love was like drugs, and she became impatient after not seeing him for about 3 days, and when one week passed, her heart started tightening, and by one month, she couldn’t eat properly, and now that 2 months had passed, even the clouds in the skies looked like Yu IlHan to her.

“It’s not like he’ll die somewhere, so what are you so worried about?”

“But he never ever took so long to do something.”

“He left us a communicator so we can contact him.”

“If he’s doing something important, it’ll be bad for me to interrupt him by calling him……”

She felt stranger the more she made excuses, so she just shut up. Na YuNa didn’t even know what she was feeling, and blabbed on by her side.

“Perhaps he’s doing a giant quest. He’s a person that could grow so strong after the records were deleted, so the world he’s connected to must be amazing right? I wish he’d take us there too~.”

“……That’s true. Perhaps he’ll tell us one day.”

“Let’s go see Mir instead. Let’s go around the dungeons!”

“Okay. But before that, you have some work to do.”

“Uwaaah!”

She couldn’t be bothered by the thoughts of Yu IlHan forever. Kang MiRae made a small sigh and walked while pulling on Na YuNa’s sleeves – to complete the work Yu IlHan had left her to do.

Meanwhile, the person they were looking for, Yu IlHan, was currently…

[Kuwoooh!]

“Uoooh! Giga drill breakkk!”

[Sued! You’ll get sued!] (Liera)

…was having a blast (alone) rampaging in a world full of monsters that no one else could possibly handle.



Chapter 172

Yu IlHan came to the conclusion that there was no need for him to look after Earth, having seen that many worlds, including Phituroa, were faring well.

Although the contributions from him and his brand was very big, now that it had entered a stable orbit, if the supply was handled well, he didn’t even need to be here.

Now, the monsters appearing on Earth were all hunted by the people of earth. Well, the only difference was that that there was no massive news about Yu IlHan’s deeds as Susanoo or the Deathgod or whatnot. Of course, things would be a different story if 4th class monsters started popping out everywhere, but if such monsters appeared so easily, Earth wouldn’t be here right now.

If so, what was left for Yu IlHan.

He wished to master the magic engineering knowledge and utilize the magic metal Keshna, containing the essence of magic engineering to enhance his Bittersweet Persona into a flying fortress, but like how he needed time to understand all the records of the god of smithing, it took a lot of time to synchronize all the magic engineering knowledge with his existing records.

And it wasn’t like he could do anything to speed up that process. He could only wait while going over the contents bit by bit.

So, he decided to go over to ‘that’ world. ‘That’ world, being the one he had coincidentally opened in the past while trying to earn some vortex experience, as well as the one that’s unknown to even angels. Since he had had a battle experience from Lanpas, with the Keshna Golem, there was nothing for him to be afraid of now.

After letting Kang MiRae take charge over Angel Tear and Vanguard, he waited patiently while massacring the monsters that flocked to his mansion, and successfully created a vortex not long after.

He barely held himself back from tapping on it like mad, and attacked to the point that it won’t burst, and successfully generated a gate.

[Wow, that’s bad. The already horrible thick fog of mana inside the Bittersweet Persona is now being mixed with the unpleasant bloody mana.] (Liera)

“Well, it’s all good since the monster spawns will be of higher level now. Flemir, you also keep watch. It’s not a normal gate so guard it well.”

“Understood, my lord.”

Flemir was his agent he had prepared for the worst case scenario during the 24 hours of the gate. After he became Yu IlHan’s subordinate, he had received the effects of the Rule skill and became a level stronger, he was the single strongest one amongst his subordinates.

The reason he became Yu IlHan’s subordinate was purely for Ericia.

In fact, he wanted to serve by her side from the beginning, but was tied to the Kiroa continent as he could not leave behind the weakened wolfkin.

But with Ericia’s growth under Yu IlHan, the fighting power of the wolfkin naturally rose as well, and when he was sure that the wolfkin could survive without him in Kiroa, he came over to Earth permanently.

“Guard it for 24 hours, and once the gate closes, you can go to Ericia. Nothing much will happen with me entering, but if the gate explodes and a monster appears, call for me immediately.”

“Understood.”

Although he wasn’t at a level where he could create golems, he could create a lot of things with just the knowledge he had absorbed until now. One of them, was the communicator. Yu IlHan had already made several communicators and distributed them to his father, mother, Kang MiRae, Na YuNa, and his subordinates.

Through the communicator he had made, it was possible to send signals or to call them. Of course, it was impossible to have a real-time phone call like a smartphone, the communicator did not need a charge like a smartphone, nor was there a reliance on communication towers, and above all, it was possible to communicate between worlds as well.

“Then I’ll be back soon.”

“I also want to go though…”

“Play with the noonas here and I’ll be back in a flash, got it?”

“Okay……”

Yumir felt disappointed but he couldn’t take his son to such an obviously dangerous world. Since he had talked to Kang MIRae and Na YuNa about it, he believed that they wouldn’t let him go lonely.

“Good, let’s go.”

[To think you’d think of entering that place after facing the perverted vibration demon, you really are a splendid psycho.] (Spiera)

[What if the inside is full of perverted vibration demons?] (Liera)

[What do you mean what, we’d just get a shit ton of that horrifying magic gunpowder.] (Erta)

“Hey, please.”

After a hug with his son, he gave him various artifacts and consumables and entered the gate without hesitation. Only the dejected Yumir and the silent Flemir saw him off.

And two months flowed past.

Yu IlHan deleted hell tourism from his bucket list.

That was because, this place was hell.

[Guwoahoaaah!]

“Go die, ice demon!

In the world where both the skies and the lands were colored in blood-red, a giant monster covered in ice charged towards Yu IlHan.

That which emitted frosty aura from all over its body, froze anything and everything completely once it came into contact with, and its body movements were amazingly nimble so it would be game over if he let his guard down even by the slightest amount.

Well, Yu IlHan could endure the frost ever so slightly by wearing the Blizzard Tyrant’s Mixed Bone Fullplate that increased his water attribute resistance by 90%, but that only increased 0.01 second to 0.1 second.

“Uoooh!”

In contrast, in order to kill it, he could only smash its head after breaking through the enormous wall of frost, but as ordinary weapons froze and broke the moment it came into contact with it, only weapons with heat were the answer. So right now, Yu IlHan was wielding Black dragon whip on one hand, and the Eight-tailed dragon spear on his other to fight.

[Kuwaaah!]

“eeek!”

A fog of transparent crystals that formed from the ice demon flailing its arms everywhere! No matter how pretty they looked, he would end up freezing once he touched them.

Yu IlHan, who knew that well, swung the crimson flame-covered Black dragon whip to vaporize that fog, but using that opening, the demon kicked off the ground and approached Yu IlHan. A monster over 10 meters in height, freezing everything in its path leapt towards him, containing a force that he thought would only appear in his dreams.

“Hhp!”

However, that was also an opportunity that Yu Ilhan was aiming for as well. Yu IlHan swung his Black dragon whip as soon as he erased all the fog crystals and wrapped it around the demon’s frozen wrist, and jumped by using the elasticity of the whip!

[Guwoooh!]

The ice demon could only flinch momentarily as the arm it was about to attack with was restrained by the whip.

However, when it extended its other hand instinctively, the Eight-tailed dragon spear in Yu IlHan’s hands right in front of it, emitted a blinding light!

“Blaze!”

That was the most brilliant and hottest flame that Yu IlHan could use! Orochi’s purple flames, Eternal Flame, Blaze, Dragonic Blood – all the power, mixed into one, and and the spear emitting a bright white flame was shot forward.

Yu IlHan’s made only one action, but the trajectory of attacks approaching its neck numbered ‘three’.

[Kahak!]

While the heat from the spear and the icy aura from the monster was thickening, Yu IlHan waited without letting his guard down while gripping onto his spear firmly.

[Kuh, Kuhaaa!]

“……Fuuu.”

There was no twist. It had collapsed after the short and thick, final scream. It was truly scary how the surrounding land froze in an instant.

Of course, Yu IlHan could hold out in the air with Ruin Calling, which he had taken out since he had foresaw that would happen.

At that moment, an even nicer text appeared on his retina.

[You ???? ?????? ??????????????]

[You have become level 171. 2 Strength, 2 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases,[

“Ah, a level up.”

[9 level ups within 2 months….. Ahh, what can we do about this.] (Erta)

[That’s good. I wish he’d become a higher existence already.] (Liera)

[Yes yes. You’ve long since given up on rational judgement……]

[There is no problem with Yu IlHan. It will be more productive of us to think about the identity of these strong monsters that are apocalypse-class.]

Although everything was full of question marks, whether it was the experience gained or the records, he didn’t know what level they had. But from the fact that he had levelled up so much even though he had only killed a few hundred, he could predict that it was a monster around level 250.

“I don’t think it’s physical defense was so weak.”

[But instead, I think its attacks are incomparably stronger. It catches wind, fire, and now, the power of vibrations ] (Spiera)

[It’s fortunate that not all of them are perverted vibration demons, right?”]

“They’re the most annoying and the strongest. Although this should be my misunderstanding, but I feel like those one gives me the most experience.”

Yu IlHan checked his status now that he had levelled up.

[Yu IlHan]

[Human Blazing Reaper Lv171]

[Subclass- Angels’ Partner, Dragon Rider]

[Title – Pancosmic Loner, One hit for you; one hit for me. Creator of Myths. Not two hits; nor three hits; A thousand in one go, Dragon slayer, The Quickest. Hero of Fire, Frog that leaped out of the well. blessing of the god of smithing]

[Strength – 384 Agility – 355 Health 313 Magic 414]

[Active skills – Deathgod(Concealment) Mana crafting Lv 76, Soul enchant Lv 51, Blaze Lv 56, Superhuman strength Lv 83, Leap Lv 87, Angel’s Support Lv 41, Rule Lv 77, Dragonic Blood Lv 18]

[Passive skills – Angel’s protection, Physical combat master lv Max, Blunt weapon master Lv Max, Sword mastery Lv Max, Whip mastery Lv Max, Dismantling Lv Max, Blacksmithing Lv Max, Language Lv Max. Dragon-man resonance Lv 41, Death collector Lv 79, Magic engineering Lv 44, Excavation Lv 65, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory(Spear Mastery) Lv 54, Absolute Accuracy(Throwing, Shooting) Lv 55, Transcendent regeneration (Resting) Lv 78, Cooking Lv 92, Critical hit Lv 76, Extreme poison resistance Lv 83, Higher curse resistance Lv 74]

His level was also monstrously high, but what was more amazing was his skill levels. Considering how most of these skills were learnt after the first Great Cataclysm, it was even more amazing.

Although the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory had grown quite a lot when fighting with the demons, skills that enhanced his basic abilities, such as Superhuman strength, Leap, and Transcendent regeneration, grew by a particularly large amount. Now, even if Yu IlHan’s arm was blown away, it would immediately attach itself back on once he held it against his shoulders and poured some potion onto it.

“The things I’m fighting are not weak, so the skill experience rose by a lot too. If possible, I want to master Superhuman strength and Leap at least before reaching 4th class.

[Perhaps it will be possible if you suffer more in this place. It’s the first time I’m visiting a world with such a poor environment.] (Erta)

Erta looked at this place, suitable to be called ‘hell’, and spoke in a shocked voice. It was only because it was Yu IlHan that he was fine standing here, if anyone else was, then they would have died without surviving a single week.

Grabbing any passersby and calling it the god of destruction, and anyone would believe that! These monsters could all obliterate the Orochi at its peak.

[Just where is this place? From the fact that our power is enhancing IlHan’s abilities, it is definitely an Abandoned World.] (Liera)

[I’m not so sure about that. Angel’s Support is an ability that focuses the power of angels on Yu IlHan in places where Heaven’s Army cannot reach.] (Spiera)

[Yes, and there are place other than Abandoned Worlds that fit the criteria?] (Liera)

[There are.] (Erta)

Muttered Erta while watching Yu IlHan collecting the body of the ice demon.

[Worlds that were never under Heaven’s jurisdiction in the first place.] (Erta)

[Can there be such a world……?] (Liera)

[At least, it’s the first time for me that I’m experiencing such a world. There are no life that looks intelligent, and there are only extreme monsters like those. I’m having doubts as to whether we can call this a ‘world’ in the first place. Is this really the change that occurs after a world is abandoned? Or……] (Spiera)

Spiera and Erta’s gazes met. The two were probably coming up with the same conclusion.

[Or…… was it like this, from the very beginning……] (Spiera)

[No way. In any world, no mana exists upon its creation!] (Liera)

Liera denied that. Then she looked towards Yu IlHan for agreement, but Yu IlHan was completely ignoring what was happening between the angels, and was grilling some meat to eat.

Grabbing onto the leg meat of some…. (censored) monster, by the bone, and grilling it at the perfect temperature with the Eternal Flame! Liera became speechless after seeing that.

[…….Doesn’t this world unnerve you a little? You might be more related to this world than we are.] (Liera)

“It does nerve me a little, but would anything come out of it even if I wonder about something without a clear answer?”

[That’s true, but.] (Liera)

“Perhaps I’ll find out something if I kill all the demons here. Wait until then.

[Yes, we’re used to waiting…… but as for you.] (Erta)

“Do you really have to ask that?”

Yu IlHan laughed and nibbled on the grilled meat. Not to mention extreme poison, it was even cursed, but the taste after overcoming all of that was a true delicacy! Licking on the overflowing meat juice, he shrugged his shoulders.

“I’m, also, very used to waiting.”

Their tour in hell had only just started.



Chapter 173

Blood-red skies without a speck of clouds, and the lands that bathed in an unpleasant light. Although Yu IlHan had experienced a lot of worlds, this was the first one he felt unpleasant from just watching. Had it not been for the angels bantering away by his side, he wouldn’t be able to keep his smile.

[Kuoooh!]

[??? ???? ?????? ?????????? experience.]

“Oh, and this experience.”

Muttered Yu IlHan while watching the perverted vibration demon, which he had defeated many of falling on the ground. In his hands, the Death Driver that finished the thing off was still emitting heat.

“Whew, that was hard.”

It was good until the point he where had struck a bone screw deep into its body with the pile bunker.

However, no matter how much he had hit it with the thunderhammer afterwards, the monster endured the vibration and the battle simply wouldn’t end – making him undertake dangers and charge forwards with a Death Driver in his hands, and drill on it like mad. That kind of suffering was indescribable.

[Those demons, are definitely getting stronger. I’m sure of it.] (Liera)

Muttered Liera while watching Yu IlHan approach the demon to pull out the screw. Erta agreed with her.

[The battles should be getting easier since Yu IlHan is getting stronger, but somehow, I feel like he’s been put into extreme situations in every battle.] (Erta)

[That’s because the league difference between those demons and Yu IlHan is originally so big, so Yu IlHan’s rate of improvement seems insignificant in comparison. I must remind you that he is still a 3rd class.] (Spiera)

[That’s true, but……]

While the angels chatted, Yu IlHan dismantled the vibration demon. He put away the magic organ that generated the vibration on its skin, and drained it of moisture to dry it. All of the processes looked very natural in his hands.

However, he had to stop his work there since he had no room to make the magic gunpowder. The piled up corpses would be taken care of when he opened a barrier using the Hourglass of Eternity. Despite the fact that he had compressed the overall size through several times, his inventory was starting to fill up.

“Looks like I should go back to Earth in a while.”

[So you’re planning to come back?] (Liera)

“Of course. If you tell me there’s another hunting zone like this on Earth, I might consider otherwise.”

No matter how fast Earth developed, it was still a world where not long passed after the 2nd Great Cataclysm. There were still numerous dungeons spouting 1st class monsters only, there weren’t many 3rd classes, and 4th classes couldn’t be seen anywhere.

In contrast, what about this place? Although each and every one of them possessed frightening power, the amount of experience was definitely large as well. Yu IlHan was planning to see the end of this place even if he had to resupply on Earth.

“But I still wanted there to be an intelligent species. Looks like there aren’t any.”

[What will you do if those demons are the ‘intelligent species’?] (Liera)

“Then I’ll stop being human, Liera!”

[Ok, let’s be angels then!] (Liera)

Or so he had replied to her, but in fact, Yu IlHan thought that it was highly improbable that those demons were the intelligent species here. The reason was simple. They, neither spoke, nor communicated. There was no possibility of them communicating in a way Yu IlHan could not comprehend, as he had mastered the Language skill long ago.

It looked like there was no end to scouting this world. Even when he flew at fast speeds using Ruin Calling, all he saw were demons of various colors, and Baobab trees that looked like they were connecting the land with the skies. Well, no, he didn’t know exactly what it was called. He only called them Baobab trees just because they looked like one.

“How much time has passed?”

Yu IlHan confirmed with Liera while drinking the water(a.k.a. extreme poison) from the Baobab tree. She replied with a smile.

[Four and a half months. You want to go see Mir, right?] (Liera)

“Yup, I wanna see him so bad.”

Yu IlHan obediently acknowledged that, and picked the fruit(of course, it was also extremely poisonous) from the baobab tree. It tasted quite good, while being a little sour after he grilled it with the Eternal Flame after peeling its skin. He took a bite and continued speaking with his mouth full.

“But the fact that no one communicated me, is that there is nothing wrong. He’s not looking for me, so what good would anything be if I go see him first? If one did everything as one wanted, then that person wouldn’t be able to do the things that actually needs to be worked on. It will just be an endless loop.”

[If everyone thought like you, there would be no extinct intelligent species out there.] (Liera)

[Instead, everyone would become a loner. Doing things when one wants, is the ordinary go to solution. Ouuuch.] (Erta)

Yu IlHan pulled on Erta’s cheeks. He was plenty lonely already and she just had to pinch right where it hurt!

[Eeek, just because we can’t use our powers as angels here, you’re too……] (Erta)

[Hmm, from how you’re flapping your wings, you look like you’re enjoying it. Or is that my imagination?] (Spiera)

[Erta is a pervert who can only feel that she’s in a relationship through such actions, so you can’t help it.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan punished Erta thoroughly and ate two more grilled fruits. The sour and bitter taste was truly first class.

[Not to mention bitter, it’s just poison!] (Erta)

“Actually, I want to evolve Extreme poison resistance as well……”

[So your entire life is training.] (Liera)

It wasn’t just Extreme poison resistance. Yu IlHan cleared away over ten fruits on the spot, and trained other skills while he stooed there.

These included his class skill, Deathgod, Blaze, the skills he constantly deployed now, such as Superhuman strength and Transcendent regeneration as well as the skills he trained in that state, such as the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, and the Great Cosmos-severing Spear!

“It hasn’t been one month yet since I last used the hourglass, right?”

[Not yet.] (Erta)

“Dang, I need to learn Great Cosmos-severing spear somehow before the 4th class…….”

[That’s a lot of things you want to do before 4th class.[ (Liera)

“But the possibility of acquiring a better class increases the more I raise the skills before 4th class.”

[Of course, that’s true. But to compensate, the class advancement quest difficulty will also be all the way up there in the Andromeda galaxy.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan couldn’t care less about the future. He only needed to worry about class changes at that time. The problem now was the Great Cosmos-severing spear he had to learn now.

By now, the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory had grown to be less burdensome to the point that he had almost no pressure using three strikes at once, but with the Great Cosmos-severing spear, he couldn’t grasp a crucial point.

He could now bring out the power of a sword and a whip at once, and the power of a sword and a blunt weapon at once, but once he actually did that, the advantages of the spears somehow disappeared, or his physical balance was disrupted. He could understand why Spiera could barely learn the skill after reaching 6th class.

[What you lack is only time. Your progress right now is still plenty fast. With a little more time, you will definitely be able to succeed.] (Spiera)

“No, there must be a way to shorten it more. I sure think so……!”

However, he couldn’t find that way in a measly 3 hours. Since he couldn’t stay here swing his spear forever, his training had to end there today.

“God dammit, dammmiiit!”

Yu IlHan decided to postpone finding a path later, and struck down with the spear with all his power, containing his frustration, hatred, and the weight of his inventory to boot. The land shook with an enormous boom, and Yu IlHan nodded while thinking that he had perfect control in putting the weight of a blunt weapon into the spear.

But that spear strike, which could be considered to be a mid-way check, and venting frustration, called for much more serious consequences than he had thought it would.

The shock to the ground was enormous, and since the balance of power was also strangely artistic in a way, the ground cracked along with the strike he did, and the scene tens of meters underground had appeared.

“Huh, hey. I think I can use that. What should I call this technique?”

[Do you think that you’ll get a skill just because you name one?Active skills aren’t as easy as you think they are.] (Liera)

[I don’t care about technique names so let’s start moving……. huh?] (Erta)

Erta’s eyes glistened. Her eyes were looking at the deep hole underground in the crack that Yu IlHan had split open. Yu IlHan also followed her gaze and looked towards that place, but he couldn’t find anything. However, Erta said with a voice full of expectation.

[I think, that the mana density is higher down there.] (Erta)

[Now that I see it, it does actually feel like that…..] (Liera)

[No, I’m sure of it. It’s definitely higher down there.] (Spiera)

“Well? This world must have higher mana density below the ground than on the surface. That has nothing to do with me…….?”

Yu IlHan made the sentence into a question. Now that he saw it, the angels’ gazes were fixed on him. Those eyes were akin to the eyes of a thirsty wanderer who had found an oasis in the desert.

“……What? You mean I have to dig it? That… endless…. thing?”

[The light of salvation must be down there.] (Liera)

[You should be able to do it with your excavation skills.] (Erta)

[Why don’t you just make this place your base camp? You can dig through the ground whenever you aren’t hunting.] (Spiera)

Now that there was the slightest hint, Yu IlHan was out of choices. Moreover, his objective was to scout this world in the end!

With a deep sigh, he took out the pile bunker loaded with a bone screw. There was a method to fulfill the other half the objective, hunting, at the same time.

“Yeah, well. I’ll just call them here instead.”

Yu IlHan dispelled the passive concealment, and shot up in the air with Ruin Calling first, and rapidly shot down by directing a shockwave upwards and struck with his pile bunker tens of meters underground.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The sound that sounded like the skies were collapsing, resounded across very, very far away. However, that wasn’t the end. Yu IlHan’s Death Driver was still waiting for its turn to cry its heart out.

“I’ll blow this place to bits if nothing appears.”

[I’ll give you a kiss at that time!] (Liera)

“That’s what you always do though.”

Even while grumbling, Yu IlHan connected the Death Driver to the screw. Please let there be something beyond this thing, and please call for those perverted demons a lot at least – prayed Yu IlHan as he inserted mana into the Death Driver.

***

While Yu IlHan, was busy with his work as a digger, not knowing or caring about how the people of Earth combined their forces to develop Earth or to harmonize with other worlds –

In a world outside of Yu IlHan’s knowledge, the conspiracy, that anyone would have thought up of and would be worried about, was occurring.

“The Destruction Demon Army and the Army of Brilliant Light? How can those two cooperate?”

“It’s up to you to believe it or not. However, at this rate. It is sure that the situation will be boring for you guys, no?”

In a world Yu IlHan had never been to, or rather didn’t know that there was a ‘gate leading to it’, many people were having a conversation. However, the biggest problem was that the people in that place were each from different worlds.

As mercenary work became active and more and trades opened up between many different worlds, they, who escaped the nets casted with the most amount of carefulness, slowly started to rise, like fungus on bread.

“Earth is too dangerous. And the current situation, where many worlds are connected through Earth, is even more dangerous. Doesn’t everyone agree with that?”

“It’s unpleasant and inconvenient. Yes, that’s right.”

“It was really unpleasant when foreign people invaded the world, and we found out that we could neither chase them out nor kill them.”

“So you must be talking about the method to solve all of that. Just what is it?”

Everyone’s gaze focused on one person – the person that had called all of them here. With a smirk, he spoke.

“It’s nothing difficult. You only need to make a ‘simple magic formation’ behind the angels’ backs, in each of your worlds. By activating all of them at the same time, the magic would become complete, and you will no longer have to worry about Earth.”

The host of the venue, had shown the plan without even considering the possibility of hiding anything. The pitch black wings behind his back, made it clear that his affinity was the Army of Brilliant Light, the organization of fallen angels.

“Just that, since it’s a world-scale magic, the more worlds we can do this on, the better. A lot of worlds, to completely suppress the power of Earth, as well as the power of God that influences it. So from now, you guys need to act – as mercenaries, and as merchants – come into contact with Earth, and many people of other worlds and increase our sphere of influence.”

“I can’t understand what higher existences are saying whether it’s the past or the present. So, okay. What is this magic?”

“Good question. We call it this.”

The fallen angel smirked. The smile on his face was as evil as it was handsome.

“‘Freedom’.”



Chapter 174

Despite the fact that Yu IlHan’s digging had been going on for more than one month, there was not a lot of progress.

First off, the ground was really too damned hard. The first tens of meters was easily breakable with the Death Driver, but from some portion onwards, they became so hard that the Keshna golem’s skin looked weak in comparison, and his bone screw was shaved away instead of the ground.

[Don’t you think the soil here has some uses?] (Liera)

“I’m more interested in the Baobab trees that grow rooted here.”

Perhaps processing the root of the Baobab trees would give birth to a master sword. Yu IlHan seriously pondered about that as he switched out the blunt screw and inserted another one with the help of the pile bunker.

From his smooth actions of switching the screws instantly and putting the Death Driver in, it could be seen that this wasn’t the first time he did it.

“So Liera, do you think you can find that light of salvation anywhere?”

[Hm……. Perhaps it’s impossible after all. Want a kiss?] (Liera)

“Thanks, but no thanks.”

While Yu IlHan and Liera were having a casual banter, Erta, who was on watch outside, shouted.

[There’s one coming! It’s one covered in fire!] (Erta)

“I thought I just killed one recently. Don’t you think that the frequency of their appearance is rising?”

[Yu IlHan, looks like you need to take care of it quickly. I can feel another one on the opposite side.] (Spiera)

“Tch, I can’t help it.”

Yu IlHan let go of the Death Driver, and shot up with Ruin Calling, reaching high into the air through repeated leaps. Until the moment he could conceal himself by completely exiting the monsters’ field of vision

‘Good, it’s done.’

[Do you know their positions?] (Liera)

‘Yes.’

Yu IlHan had spent almost half a year here, so he knew really well their patterns, weaknesses, and characteristics.

Whether it was fire, ice, lightning, or vibration, all of them had the characteristics that those properties protected their bodies perfectly, but once it was penetrated, the insides were relatively weak.

‘Although, it does bother me that I still can’t synchronize with the records I’ve absorbed from them even now.’

Yu IlHan checked the closest monster to him in mid air, and equipped his pile bunker. As the demons that appeared here were at least 10 times bigger than him, the 2nd option attached to the pile bunker would normally activate and would provide an additional 70% damage.

On top of that, many other conditions were fulfilled as well, such as Angels’ Support, surprise attack, and enemy being a life form. So compared to the first strike he dealt to the Keshna Golem, this attack may as well pierce through the skies. Without going to the 7th level, 6th level was enough to drill a hole through them.

“Hhp!”

With a short shout, he unfolded Ruin Calling. Compressed shockwaves shot out; with leaps and re-leaps activating simultaneously! Although there was no one to see him right now, since he was in concealment, he could be likened to a comet falling from the heavens.

[Critical Hit!]

[Kihiii!]

The pile bunker, which contained slightly more power than usual with the addition from Yu IlHan’s body weight and the weight of the inventory, directly struck the head of the demon burning in fire.

The moment they came into contact, the shot projectile disregarded its flames and bones and just broke through everything, but as expected of a 4th class, the demon instantly focused all the flames on its body onto its head and tried to melt the projectile as soon as it noticed.

“Dammit, was it too light?”

[Your line sounds like a defeat flag!]

Would the screw made of dragon bones really melt? Well, the reality in this hell was that it indeed did melt! Yu IlHan had to retreat after he had to be satisfied with just drilling a hole through it.

Even the demon could not completely vaporize the dragon bones. Yu IlHan just needed to melt it down and remold it.

[Kihiiiaaa!]

“And the other one!?”

Yu IlHan checked with Spiera while jumping in the air, when he confirmed that the fire demon had noticed him and had enveloped its two arms in flames. She immediately answered.

[It will be in viewing distance within 2 minutes. Hurry up.] (Spiera)

“2 minutes……”

[Guguggaaahk!]

No demons were easy, but Yu IlHan’s affinity with this fire demon that burnt everything it came in contact with, was especially bad.

Perhaps it would have been better if he just left this one for later – he thought leisurely, even while dodging the flaming punch by flying into the air. The heat radiating from the magic fire that crackled in the air made him sweat nervously.

He had already recovered the pile bunker as soon as he retreated from the first attack, and from some time onwards, his hand was grabbing on the Eight-tailed dragon spear. The spear was the best one to go with at difficult times! Of course, the exact reason was because the only weapon that could endure the heat.

“I really need to make a water attribute weapon some time.”

[You’re doing perfectly fine though.]

As if to prove Liera’s words, Yu IlHan agilely turned around in the air and slashed with his spear while charging.

The demon swung its arms rapidly, and as a bonus, the flames that enveloped the arms stretched out like a whip and tried to burn Yu IlHan, but he was already stabbing his spear into the hole he had made on the head last time.

[Critical Hit!]

[1 minute 37 seconds.]

[Wow, look at you, Spiera. You look totally addicted to counting down.] (Liera)

[Kgggoooh!]

“Hhp!”

No matter how much of a disparity in levels there were between them, Yu IlHan and the demon were fundamentally different in size. Moreover, Yu IlHan’s reaction speeds with Ruin Calling on, was akin to that of lightning, and when the demon just thought that it had blocked, he was already behind it, attacking.

[Critical Hit!]

[Kuaaak!]

The demon was blocking all attacks by constantly putting up high-energy flames on its body, but Yu IlHan’s Eight-tailed dragon spear was also enhanced through Eternal Flame, Blaze, and purple flames.

Although he couldn’t deal additional damage with his flames, this meant that they could cancel each other’s flames out, and attack the demon with the full strike of the spear.

Disregarding special abilities and whatnot while only considering pure defense, he already knew that these demons were weaker in that regard compared to other ordinary 4th class monsters. The Eight-tailed dragon spear was enough.

The problem was that they also knew of his weakness, and would resist without caring for the means if it came down to it.

[Yu IlHan, the surrounding land is beginning to color itself in red. There will be another one of those annoying attacks soon!] (Erta)

“Got it.”

Erta finished speaking and came into Yu IlHan’s armor. As angels couldn’t use their powers here, that kind of attack would deal a fatal injury on the girls as well.

[1 minute 14 seconds.] (Spiera)

[Kuhaaah!]

“Hhp!”

After Erta and Liera found safety, the demon roared and stomped on the ground, the nearby ground, bloodied by the sheer amount of mana from the demon, seem to crack into several parts, before shooting towards Yu IlHan, as if they were hot charcoal.

The most annoying thing was that this attack remembered the properties of the opponent’s mana, so unless he destroyed every one of them, he had to get hit.

[1 minute 03 seconds.] (Spiera)

However, Yu IlHan had the sturdy shield. Not just any shield, but the special smartshield that grew along with him in all of his battles, and could carry out his orders more faithfully than ever!

“Aegis.”

The moment Yu IlHan muttered that word with a firm will, the five shields that protected his sides at all times during this hellish picnic, due to his worries, started rotating rapidly centered around Yu IlHan.

Each of the shields rotated in their own orbits, and they would protect Yu IlHan perfectly from every angle.

It took a long period of time for Yu IlHan to learn and use this, but as always, life-and-death situations made everything possible. Once, his ribs were pulled out, and burnt a leg. And so, after that, he had developed himself to keep fighting in that state, even if he were forced to techno-dance in the middle of it.

“I’m going.”

[Do you really have to?] (Liera)

[48 seconds.] (Spiera)

“I said I’ll go!”

The moment the demon uses that attack, it would lose the control over its mana due to having to concentrate on the attack.

It didn’t become weak due to the loss of control or anything, and in fact, it would give up on controlling mana required to sustain its life, and its body would burn up hotter than the sun, so it would make him like he was burning just by nearing, but to Yu IlHan, who was the hero of fire, it was no different from after-work sauna!

The current him had 160% additional fire attribute resistance thanks to his armor. Considering that he was way beyond the realm of humans, there weren’t a lot of things in the world for him to be afraid about.

[41 seconds.]

“Haaah!”

With a shout, Yu IlHan leapt. tens, hundreds of hot bombs assaulted Yu IlHan, but they were all deflected by Aegis, orbiting around his body, and Yu IlHan would overcome the shock that assaults his body every time that happened, and re-leap to charge towards it!

[Khaaap!]

“Huoooh!”

[28 seconds.] (Spiera)

The moment Yu IlHan approached the demon with Aegis protecting all of his body, Yu IlHan’s spear burned in bright white, and increased its size. He multiplied the blades into 8 by activating the option on the Eight-tailed dragon spear!

He imbued hundreds of tons of weight into each of those 8 blades. The fact that he was still able to hold the weapon, represented his overwhelming growth in strength.

“Get lost, to the hell you, Hhp, came from!”

[Kuguoooh!]

He couldn’t use the Great Cosmos-severing spear yet. However, it was possible for him to add a characteristic from another weapon, at anytime he wanted to. Yu IlHan thought back to the time he split apart the land on this world, as he swung with all his power, while imbuing the power of a blunt weapon into the spear.

[Ku, uaaakakak!]

[Critical Hit!]

[The skill, Critical Hit, has become level 84.]

After the demon let out its final scream after using up all of its earth bombs and, failed to calm down the berserking on its body and had to meet Yu IlHan in a defenseless manner,

[??? ???? ?????? ???????????? experience]

The fire burning on its body died down, and fell down with a ‘thud!’. Spiera immediately spoke.

[19 seconds. Not bad.] (Spiera)

“There’s no time to rest. Dammit.”

Yu IlHan, who swore at Spiera’s counting, fed all the flames burning on his body, despite losing its owner, to the Eternal Flame, and collected the body into his inventory.

Damnably, the demon approaching him from far away was the worst of them all, the lightning-attributed demon. He had no equipment to resist its attacks, nor did he have any significant methods of attacking. This was one that he had to use tons of Breath and go at it with brute force alone!

“I really need to absorb the magic engineering knowledge faster to make something out of these corpses. Dammit.”

[IlHan.] (Liera)

“I’m busy. Please leave a message after the beep.”

Yu IlHan shot up into the air with a vague reply, and tried to conceal himself somehow before it reached him.

[It’s a comm from Mir. Although, it doesn’t look that urgent from the color of the signal.] (Liera)

“Beep………”

He checked, and there was indeed a call from the communicator. Yu IlHan pondered for a moment while looking at the lump of lightning that rushed towards him and the hole he had dug, but he still deployed the ability from the ‘Frog that leaped out of the well’ title, the ‘ability to return to the world he was born to regardless of which world he was in’.

It did not activate.

“……huh?”

Muttered Yu IlHan in confusion.

“Why doesn’t it work?”

[…… You do realize it really gets awkward when you make a joke at times like these, right? Why are you scaring me?] (Liera)

“No, I’m not joking. That’s strange. It worked well in other worlds.”

There was no way Yu IlHan would not have tested the ability, when he was meticulous to the point that he would actually tap on the ground on most bridges for stability checks. He had already tested coming back to Earth from a few different worlds, and had come here after checking that they did indeed work.

[Perhaps this world is an exception!] (Liera)

“You know well that that cannot be true. If I had to come up with exceptions, then I wouldn’t be able to do anything…… but really, why doesn’t it work?”

[Kihaaa!]

Coincidentally, the lightning demon that arrived at where he was, cried. However, Yu IlHan had already succeeded in concealing himself, and did not feel any danger, but right now that demon wasn’t the problem.

[Even we can’t exit this world as we please. Yu IlHan, why don’t you think calmly about this again?] (Spiera)

“Yes, I’ll activate it ag……ain?”

[The ability is only usable once per week.]

Yu IlHan’s body shivered. The ability already activated once? Not that it didn’t?

But that would mean, but…….

[So that is it. Although I didn’t want to believe due to the stark contrast in mana distribution…….] (Erta)

While Yu IlHan was confused at this unacceptable situation, Erta, who realized the truth first, muttered in a defeated voice.

[This place is Earth, isn’t it…….?] (Erta)

Yu IlHan had found out the truth about this world.



Chapter 175

After Yu IlHan defeated the lightning demon even while confused, the group started to discuss for real.

[I still can’t communicate. How is it possible that I can’t call Heaven despite being on Earth?] (Liera)

[That’s not unusual, Liera. You first calm down.] (Spiera)

[Yu IlHan, are you alright? Yu IlHan.] (Erta)

In the first place, they should have been suspicious when he had generated a gate connecting to ‘another world’. Didn’t he himself, as well as the angels, know very well that there was no world connected to him? They should have noticed the moment the gate was opened.

It was just that, from the moment they judged it as an another world with just the fact that the quantity of mana inside was absurd, the situation was too late.

[So this place, is on Earth, somewhere unknown.] (Liera)

[That is why he couldn’t escape this place, despite the fact he activated the ability on the title – we’re still on Earth.] (Erta)

[Although it’s unbelievable….. I have no choice but to believe. The Akashic Record is absolute.] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan looked around him with a different gaze than before.

He had already collected the lightning demon’s corpse into his inventory. What he was seeing right now, was the bloodied lands, the giant hole he had dug, and the skies that were even redder than the lands, and finally, the Baobab trees that formed a bridge between the land and the sky.

“This…”

His voice was very clear, but even he himself did not know what emotions were contained in it.

“… is Earth…….?”

[Yes. The sole world that is linked to you so deeply that it can’t be separated from you now.] (Erta)

[Just where on Earth is this place? Just counting the distance IlHan flew in this world, he should have lapped Earth 100 times over.] (Liera)

[Dungeon.] (Erta)

Erta gave an answer.

[It’s possible, if this is a dungeon on Earth.] (Erta)

[It is definitely not a dungeon created through a Trap of Destruction. That means that this is a dungeon made from someone’s own mana?] (Liera)

[Correct. Then that explains why we can’t communicate with Heaven.] (Erta)

[If so, then it looks like this guy is one hell of a dude……] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan looked around him again. Although he had experience adventuring and destroying a lot of dungeons, never did he imagine that this place was one of them as well.

“Such a huge space? Someone made a space a lot bigger than Earth into a dungeon?”

[In fact, it’s possible precisely because it’s not a real world. Dungeons change real-time according to the influence of mana! It is possible that you have already lapped this dungeon thrice, or even more. However, you just didn’t realize since it constantly changed.] (Erta)

[Unbelievable…….] (Liera)

[However, if this really is a dungeon……] (Spiera)

It looked like only Spiera understood Erta’s intention. Her eyes shined as she spoke.

[There should be a way out.] (Spiera)

“There’s an exit?”

[The exit… probably does not exist, since dungeons are generally created because one didn’t want to come in contact with others. Whether it was because one wanted to hide, or had to hide.] (Spiera)

“Then……”

Yu IlHan also found the answer at that point. His hand grabbing on the Eight-tailed dragon spear tightened.

“I have to beat up the guy that made this dungeon.”

[But you need to be careful. Someone that can create a dungeon of this size, and generate monsters that frightening must not be ordinary. Although, I do not want to believe that it is one of those absurd monsters that achieved higher existences on their own…..] (Liera)

[Let’s stop the digging for now. From the fact that the mana concentration is getting higher as we go down, the master should be underneath it.] (Erta)

[The only problem is the possibility that he may come to eradicate Yu IlHan first huh…….] (Spiera)

“Eeei, so complicated.”

Yu IlHan looked at the ground; as if to gaze at the monster underneath the ground, and one that he couldn’t even glimpse its presense of.

“You said it’s not a higher existence, right? Then I might have a go.”

[Although I want to believe that…… what if it is?] (Liera)

“I’ll probably be able to run away, probably.”

Yu IlHan declared that he could run away from a higher existence despite being a 3rd class. This was true, so the angels couldn’t retort.

If that happened, the biggest problem was to grow by killing monsters even while fleeing, but what was scarier? Yu IlHan may actually succeed in doing it.

“Fuu, I need to get it together.”

Yu IlHan tapped his cheeks strongly as if to shake away the despair, and tensed his body while gripping, and loosening his hands, alternatively.

There was no need to feel down at all. Although it did worry him that he could not meet his parents, Yumir, his other subordinates, as well as his friends like Kang MiRae and Na YuNa, he had everything else here, didn’t he?

Tools to make equipment, enough food for decades, a lake’s worth of water to wash his body, the Eternal Flame, and all other techniques he had at his disposal. Yu IlHan had been preparing for moments like these from the time he was left alone on Earth!

But somehow, that kind of thinking made him feel more tired.

“Damn, never did I imagine that I would be a dropout on a dungeon on Earth.”

[But it’s good that you can still be with me, right?] (Liera)

“……That’s true.”

Yu IlHan ended up laughing after seeing Liera poking out of his chest armor. She was right. He made a mistake since he got too used to saying he was alone.

He was neither alone in the millennium on Earth, nor was he now. Not to mention alone, he had three people to rely on, including Liera. Although physically, they were just burdens, they were his precious and beloved partners despite that.

Thinking like that, power surged in his body. He felt like he would be able to do anything now.

“Good, let’s do our best until the day we go back.”

[If it’s you, you will be able to succeed soon. If you acquire 4th class, when you can kill these demons right now, you wouldn’t have anything to be worried about either.] (Erta)

[4th class huh. It’s scary since if it’s Yu IlHan, he may be able to do it within 50 years.] (Spiera)

“What do you mean 50 years.”

Yu IlHan snorted and denied that statement.

“Let’s go with five.”

[5 years……?] (Liera)

[Yu IlHan, how long has it been since Earth was linked to the Akashic Record? About 2 years? And now you’re saying you’ll do what in 5 years?] (Erta)

Erta was about to continue, but then thought. That Yu IlHan had achieved 3rd class in just one year, when others would take 100 years if lucky.

Although they forgot this common knowledge since the development of Earth was too fast, Yu IlHan was the thumbs up in growing speed even amongst the people of Earth.

[What is Yu IlHan’s level again?] (Erta)

[180, After level 170, the amount of experience required to level up became absurd. It’s not like these absurd demons are everywhere either.] (Liera)

Liera was speaking as if Yu IlHan’s growth rate had dropped a little, but Yu IlHan’s current state, of level 180, when he was just 162 half a year ago, was definitely not normal. Including herself, these angels were forgetting about common sense since they were with him for so long!

[Oh Lord God, please help Yu IlHan stay as good as he is now…….] (Erta)

[Why are you praying for such an obvious thing? IlHan is the best in the world! No, perhaps the best in all worlds…..!] (Liera)

[And please also help this idiot to not commit any disrespect towards you…….] (Erta)

[Hooh.] (Liera)

Although a peaceful mood lingered around between the angels after they came to this world, well, dungeon, and now they finally broke it, starting the 6th mini war. Yu IlHan ignored the angels’ banter and went down the hole to get his equipment.

He would have to bid farewell to digging holes for a while now. The difficulty of digging was so high, so much that his mindless digging made his Excavation skill rise to 80, which made him think ‘I’ll be able to master it if I flip this place upside down, huh’, so it was quite unfortunate for him.

However, digging could be done any time. Right now, he needed to become stronger, for himself, for the others on Earth, and for the angels.

“Okay, let’s kick it up a notch.”

[You still had room to speed up……!?] (Erta)

“I’ll need to go back before Mir acquires his 4th class.”

[It’s hard to comment since Mir is just as monstrous…..] (Liera)

Yu IlHan unfolded Ruin Calling and flew into the air. He checked his own state including his mana reserve, and started soaring across the skies with a light shout.

There was still a lot of time before this dungeon collapsed.

***

While Yu IlHan was proceeding to be reborn as an even more absurd monster, Yumir worried about his dad, who signalled ‘I cannot return due to business’, and looked at the communicator with blank eyes.

“It’s worrying without dad.”

“Is he not able to come?”

“Yeah.”

Yumir powerlessly nodded at the question Kang MiRae asked, and made a worried expression.

“Will dad be alright? That place looked very dangerous…….”

“He’ll be fine anywhere. Let’s not worry about him.”

“You shouldn’t worry about him, but worry about the world he went to~.”

Kang MiRae and Yumir subconsciously nodded at Na YuNa’s statement. Well, who was he to worry about. They had their hands full themselves.

“So we need to solve this by ourselves huh.”

Their gaze turned away from the communicator to the gate in front of their eyes. The vortex that stormed as if to explode at any moment – it was a gate connecting to an Abandoned World.

“Although I was prepared, but it looks like connections to Abandoned Worlds are quite frequent these days.”

“But it’s nothing new now~.”

“But this is a special one, isn’t it? From the scouts, they saw at least five 4th classes. And of course, there should be a lot more in reality. It’s still fortunate that we weren’t noticed, but from the state of the gate now……”

Not all Abandoned Worlds were full of 4th class beings. It was just that the worlds Yu IlHan have been to, and the world Kang MiRae, Yumir and co. have been to, were the special cases.

The majority of the worlds connected to Earth had at most 4 or 5 4th class beings, and as such, they were mostly taken care of with the help of the people of Earth and the people of other worlds…… as they wished to acquire Yu IlHan’s support since this Abandoned World had stronger enemies.

Na YuNa looked behind her. The Front Line Alliance clans were all here, and behind them were some people from other worlds who they had private connections with. However, she still couldn’t hide her worry.

“Did we really gather every fighting force here? I can’t see the wolves~.”

“If you mean Flemir and Ericia, they’re helping out over at Dareu. It looks like they’re having a hard time as well……”

“Should we put up a notice? Although, it’s a little unsettling since we don’t have a lot of 4th class magic stones…..”

“They know of our connection to Vanguard, so they might request something in exchange for helping.”

Although it might end easily if they borrowed power from people of other worlds, by making an official notice on the mercenary guild, the problem was after that. They couldn’t make any harm go in Yu IlHan’s way, but to not do it, the battle was very worrying….. Just as when Kang MiRae was grabbing her head in thought.

“Let’s just go over ourselves and kill them all!”

Said Yumir in a bright voice.

“The people here will be able to block them if we just kill the 4th classes!”

“Although that sounds optimistic, is it really possible?”

Kang MiRae was doubtful, but Yumir was as bright as ever. He, unlike Yu IlHan, who never cared about what other people thought, had a deep sense of consideration for others, and magnanimity.

“It’s alright.”

He couldn’t help but worry about his dad, but he couldn’t let the worried people here be. Yumir’s communication ability was almost invincible against anyone except those stronger than him!

“It will be possible because my concealment levelled a lot since last time!”

“levelled a lot? By how much……?”

“97!”

Right before master.

“Blood can’t be fooled, alright~……”

“That makes me feel strange so don’t mention it.”

Definitely, Yumir looked very charming, taking after Yu IlHan, and was more adorable and a precious existence to her. However, he only looked like Yu IlHan but not his child! As if hypnotizing herself, she raised her staff.

“Okay, then, Mir. Let’s go. I’ll be able to do it if I’m with you.”

“Such a passionate shounen-manga line…….”

Na YuNa followed them even while finding the scene a little absurd. Kang HaJin, who was watching from the side, asked with widened eyes.

“Are you really going to go? To such a dangerous place? With just the 3 of you?”

“No, oppa. We’ll go with the 4 of us.”

“……Four?”

“Yes, oppa.”

Kang MiRae, smiled cutely, which was very unlike her usual self. The moment Kang HaJin tried to take a step back, she grabbed onto his wrist. Then, off to the gate they went. Kang HaJin struggled like fish that had just been caught from water, but he couldn’t win with Na YuNa helping Kang MiRae out as well.

“You would never send your cute little sisters alone to such a dangerous place, right!?”

“How are any of you cute!?”

“HaJino-oppa, you block for us with your body the moment it seems like we’re found out, got it~?”

“That’s just a meat shield!”

Like that, Kang MiRae entered the gate that looked like it was going to explode at any moment, without any hesitation.

While the spectators widened their eyes in surprise, the gate finally opened and monsters started pouring out, but until the very end of the battle, there was not even a single 4th class monster.

The battles with Abandoned Worlds after that, were taken care of in the same manner.



Chapter 176

Yu IlHan hadn’t come back to Earth even one year after he had left for the other one.

Fortunately, as he had made an enormous stock of Vanguard equipment and Angel Tear products there was several years worth of inventory. However, Yu IlHan’s parents, and the ones who had close ties with him, were at a loss what to do.

And once, Kang MiRae received a comm. The person? The person she feared the most right now in the world, Yu IlHan’s mother Kim YeSeul. Extremely nervously, Kang MiRae went to meet her with Na YuNa and Yumir accompanying them.

But a beautiful lady who looked less than 30 of years age, was the one who greeted them.

“Are you, Mr. Yu IlHan’s older sister?”

“Oh my. Hoho, does it look like that?”

“Y, you aren’t!? I’m very sorry!”

Kang MiRae acquired points from the very beginning.

“So my IlHan didn’t contact you ladies either.”

“Yes, other than the periodic signals…”

Kang MiRae suspected that Yu IlHan’s family would know something about him, but Kim YeSeul was in the same situation as her. Rather, she probably looked for Kang MiRae because she wanted to hear about Yu IlHan’s situation from her.

“Honey, he didn’t call, right?”

“What do you mean call. When a man does something big…….”

“Yeah, yeah. Whatever.”

Kim YeSeul looked towards Yu YongHan who came back from working at Vanguard, with a ‘maybe he knows’ gaze, but the answer was disappointing. Kang MiRae finally noticed Yu YongHan and was startled.

“Whoa, so you were here. I’m very sorry……!”

“*Cough*. Don’t worry about it. My presence becomes very thin from time to time.”

Kang MiRae thought that blood was indeed very thick, but then also thought about how she had to acknowledge Yumir as Yu IlHan’s son, and shook her head. Kim YeSeul looked at Kang MiRae with a mysterious sense of satisfaction, and tapped her shoulders with a smile.

“The comms are coming, and if it’s IlHan, he’ll do fine, so don’t worry about it so much. Aren’t you really busy as well? I see you on TV all the time. Don’t you work in the front lines?”

“N, no. That was all thanks to Mr. IlHan, and I have nothing to……”

“Your words are pretty too. And this guy, he was going on and on about how he wasn’t confident….”

“About what?”

“Oh, it’s nothing.”

Kim YeSeul’s smile became thicker; and it widened yet again after seeing the figure of Na YuNa who was hugging Yumir in her arms, next to Kang MiRae.

Her son had talent! To think about it, although the blood of Yu YongHan was running inside him, half of the blood was hers!

“Oh yes. Do you want to have a meal before you go?”

“No, in fact, I have to go clean up the aftermath of the previous gate….. I’m really sorry.”

“No, it’s fine. Rather than that.”

“Yes?”

When Kang MiRae titled her head, Kim YeSeul asked her in a small voice.

“Miss, from what I saw on TV, you wield lightning rather well. Are you well-versed in magic?”

“Well, I do have some degree of confidence……”

“My, my. How talented of you. Magic is a hard thing to learn.”

“That’s…….. I’m nothing compared to Mr. IlHan.”

Kang MiRae was undermining her ability, but when evaluating, there was really no need to compare herself with others.

There were only two types of people that didn’t look strange even when they did something so evil, and those were mothers who compared her own son with a friend’s, or lovers who compared oneself with the other.

“Then do you want to come here for a second? I have something to show you. I can’t comprehend this with my eyes, so I want to listen to another person’s opinion.”

“Sorry?…… Does mother use magic as well?”

Kim YeSeul nodded with a flower-blooming smile on her face. Only she would know if that was due to Kang MiRae calling her ‘mother’ or because she was proud of her ability.

“Then, would you like to come inside this room?”

“Yes.”

Why was there a need to switch locations? Confused, Kang MiRae followed her. Of course, Na YuNa and Yumir also followed them inside.

The place they headed to was the bedroom. Even though that room had to be an ordinary room inside a household, the moment Kim YeSeul closed the door and closed the curtains, a strange mana started to circulate. Kang MiRae intuitively felt that it was a type of a barrier.

“Mother…….?”

“It’s too dangerous to do this outside. No matter how I look at it, higher existences were involved with this. But at least inside here, there’s no worry of information leaking out.”

The moment she heard that, Kang MiRae felt shivers. Barrier? Avoiding the watch of higher existences?”

Even she did not have the confidence to make such a barrier. No, not only that, no mages she had met until now could deploy a barrier of this caliber.

Of course, she must have used an artifact to help…. wait, an artifact? She was in possession of an artifact that could deploy such a high-level barrier? Did Yu IlHan make it? But he didn’t look like he was aware of Kim YeSeul’s ability……

While Kang MiRae fell into confusion from just a fragment of Kim YeSeul’s abilities, Kim YeSeul took out a staff from nowhere and lightly swung it. With that, the air split apart and a crack appeared. It was interspatial storage.

Interspatial storage!?

“Mother!?”

“I have it inside here.”

Kang MiRae gave up judgement. Until now, she just thought that Yu IlHan was a mutant, but that wasn’t the case. His DNA was inherited!

“Yes, I’ll have a look.”

“Fufu, you don’t have to be so nervous. This has already lost its power as a magic formation.”

“Magic……. formation…….?”

Kang MiRae’s voice contained a strong sense of doubt, but Kim YeSeul didn’t mind that and flicked her staff. With that, a thick, red something came out from the crack in the air, very, very slowly.

That, which was originally intact, was a dead magic formation now that it had lost the core power, and was completely sealed inside a strong magic.

“This is……”

“Do you understand it?”

Kim YeSeul made a difficult smile.

“Although it’s a little awkward for me to say this, this was ridiculously strong. Although I can use magic well, theoretical stuff like this is not my expertise. Do you understand it, miss?”

Kang MiRae was about to answer that she didn’t know anything about such a horrifying item, but she could indeed understand some of the characters engraved on the formation.

And, this was something she had seen from an extreme minority of Yu IlHan’s crafts.

“Yes, I think I can understand it.”

Kang MiRae replied while gritting her teeth.

“It looks like mother……. has come across the schemes of a fallen angel.”

Kang MiRae succeeded in discovering a portion of the characters that were etched on Yu IlHan’s wings, Ruin Calling.

When Kang MIRae asked about Ruin Calling in the past, Yu IlHan nonchalantly replied to her that he referenced a magic language that is used by higher existences. What that meant, that this matter, had something to do with the Army of Brilliant Light, who were composed of those that were once angels.

From how the Army of Brilliant Light had teamed up with the Destruction Demon Army before, they were probably scheming something together this time as well. However, the most frustrating thing was that she did not know what they planned to do with this magic formation.

“So it was in the world mother was connected to.”

“And it was in a really secretive place as well. Ehem….. I was only able to find it because I can wield magic well. It would have been hard for anyone else.”

“So mother is saying…..”

“What if, there are copies of these in other worlds? The world I resided in was relatively peaceful without any interference from the higher existences. However, ever since I found this item, I thought that there may be things like these in other worlds as well, and that if this was true, those magic formations were not made to endanger those native to each of the worlds, but rather, it was targeted at the people from Earth.”

Kim YeSeul had a much smarter head than the useless angels. It was plenty amazing that she had found and nullified the magic formation, but she had already reached a conclusion with just a single magic formation!

“However, to prove my hypothesis, I need to see if there are similar magic formations in other worlds or not. That’s why I called you here. I can trust you from how you worked with my son from the past, and you are quite exceptional yourself as a mage.”

“…….Thank you.”

Despite the fact that the situation looked urgent, Kang MiRae’s cheeks reddened. Kim YeSeul laughed as though she didn’t have any intentions on hiding her thoughts. It was even more funny that Kang MiRae didn’t acknowledge that fact.

While the hidden expert at delusions, Kim YeSeul, spent an enjoyable time judging her potential daughter-in-law, Yumir and Na YuNa also had a look at the formation.

“There is an enormous amount of mana in this. It’s similar to the mana used by the angel-noonas.”

“But it doesn’t look like there’s an evil aura. What would be a way to cause harm on Earth by making magic formations in other worlds~?”

“Let’s move first. It won’t be too late to come to conclusions then.”

The biggest problem with this matter was that they did not know who to trust. It was obvious that there were traitors among the angels, but they couldn’t come up with any potential candidate angels to discuss this with. In the first place, the only two angels they considered allies were Erta and Liera. And right now, they were with Yu IlHan.

This would have been solved instantly if Yu IlHan was here – thought Kang MiRae and she sighed before slapping her own cheeks. She had just decided to not rely on him, but she instinctively looked for him! When did she become so weak?

“We can’t trust the higher existences. We need to move ourselves.”

“Yes. With Mir in the mix, we’d be able to do it~.”

“Heheh.”

Yumir had mastered concealment not long ago. With his concealment specializing in party concealment, there was nothing for them to fear. Moreover, it would be quite a site to look at once the skill evolves.

“Uh, mother. Is it possible that you can lend us your…..”

“Of course, I’ll help. I brought up this topic, I can’t be left out now, can I?”

Kang MiRae sighed in relief when she heard that. With such a strong mage as her ally, really, there was nothing to be afraid of! With Mir’s power in the mix, she thought that they might perhaps be able to go against higher existences.

If there was one question, it was about how such a strong person stayed unknown until now….. as if having read her thoughts, Kim YeSeul scratched her cheeks and laughed cutely.

“Although I didn’t participate in anything until now, I guess I can fill a little of my son’s place.”

“Well, yeah. If Mr. IlHan was here these kinds of trivial matters would….. Ugh.”

Kang MiRae punished herself for the 2nd time. Then spoke with swollen cheeks.

“We’ll depart as soon as you’re comfortable with it.”

“I’m fine at any time, but what about you, missy? You have a lot to do right now.

Replied Kim YeSeul, but Kang MiRae shook her head without even thinking about it.

“I feel that we may end up with an irreversible situation if we left this magic formation alone. There is a priority to everything. Although other things are important…… I feel that this must come at the top.”

“My dear. Your shoulders will break at that rate. Such a beautiful lady, who does not have a life of her own.”

“Mother, I’m different from MiRae! I’m fine as long as my friends are good!”

“That’s a little too much, little lady. Hm, I’m thinking of something in between the two of you.”

“Ugh.”

Na YuNa sunk. So the reason Yu IlHan could reject Na YuNa outright was because he took after his mother! Thinking that this household was really charming, Na YuNa burned in passion, as Kang MiRae smacked her on the forehead.

“Since mother said it was alright, then let’s go right away.”

“Are we going with four, without HaJin-oppa this time?”

“Yeah, this four-person combo would be much stronger. And my brother needs to look after the Lightning God clan while we aren’t here.”

Poor Kang HaJin was receiving a poor evaluation even in places where he wasn’t present. Kim YeSeul laughed while listening to their conversation, and hugged Yumir.

The reason she decided to move for real, was because of him. Yumir was the best helper in moving while avoiding the watchful gaze of others.

As Yumir was well-endowed in looking cute in the eyes of older ladies, he rubbed his cheeks on her naturally. Really, he was a weapon of mass destruction, not incomparable to the scale of Yu IlHan.

“My Mir. You must protect this grandma well, ok?”

“Yeah! I’ll protect grandma!”

It would be more persuasive if Kim YeSeul was called Yumir’s older sister with Kim YeSeul becoming younger by the day, but Kang MiRae and Na YuNa decided not to retort on that.

Instead, they decided to take more care of their skins in the future. It would be a little sad if Yu IlHan said they looked older than his mom!



Chapter 177

They immediately started to move. And obviously, the first world they visited was Lanpas, the world Kang MiRae was connected to. They hoped that there wasn’t one of those formations, but as if to betray their expectations, there was a magic formation left so blatantly in the open.

Of course, it was actually hidden in the corner of the continent, but they could not escape the eyes of two mages who were searching for them by actively seeking out their characteristics.

From this, they could deduce one thing. The creation of the magic formation involved a higher existence, but the installment was the doing of a lower existence.

Of course, they did predict that the ones moving would be lower existences, as higher existences could not use their powers in worlds that aren’t higher worlds, this fact did relieve the group.

However, it didn’t end with just discovering the formation.

“Although I already said this, the magic formation has a defensive system, so you must be careful. Perhaps there might be another pattern than the one I mentioned, so don’t loosen your grip.”

“Yes.”

Kang MiRae replied in a stiff tone, and grabbed her staff tightly. Na YuNa gave blessings to everyone. As Kim YeSeul was surprised at her absurd enhancement ability, she looked towards Na YuNa, but still came to herself and cast magic with her staff.

“Time Stop!”

An advanced mana that Kang MiRae could not interpret flowed out and covered the area where the magic formation was. Kang MiRae understood the words Kim YeSeul had chanted and shouted in shock.

“Time Stop!?”

“Oh, it’s nothing overly grand. It just slows the target inside a set space using magic.”

That was plenty grand!

However, leaving aside Kang MiRae’s shock, Kim YeSeul attacked the magic formation using magic bullets compressed to their limits at the same time she used the time magic. The magic formation emitted an enormous amount of mana to create a shield the moment it detected an attack from the enemy, only then did Kang MiRae realize that it was her turn to step up.

“Thunderstorm!”

The moment two waves of unquantifiable mana collided with each other, the highest-class lightning magic, which activated by sacrificing all the allies’ mana as well as enemies’ mana through a super strong attractive force swept across the area. The fact that she had the ability to use other people’s attacks to create her own was truly befitting of an Empress!

“Oh my, that’s really amazing.”

“Haaap!”

Lightning storms atop the magic formation swallowed all the magic bullets, and in the end, swallowed even the shield protecting the magic formation. On top of that, Kim YeSeul’s attack magic poured out once again. These were magic bullets that put delays on all actions of the target, whether it was mana recovery, or defense!

“Hup! Watch out!”

“Kyak!”

However, her attack was a little too late. The moment the magic formation was inflicted with an intolerable amount of attacks, it started emitting black smoke like mad while trembling wildly.

This was a dangerous attack that would kill them if they inhaled even the slightest amount of fog, as this was an extreme poison made from the combination of different magic. Kim YeSeul was also put into a dangerous situation when facing this.

So, she tried to block the black smoke with the Time Stop and and the magic bullets, but unfortunately, the range of the gas that the magic formation emitted was beyond her control. Though, it if wasn’t for her magic, the group would have been instantly swept through by the gas.

Of course, as Kim YeSeul had warned about this gas beforehand, so she thought that everyone would be able to defend themselves in time. Just as she was about to cast another magic with her staff,

“Hap.”

Yumir, who fell onto the magic formation at lightning speed, created a wind screw using magic, and pierced the magic formation!

[Critical Hit!]

The magic formation’s durability couldn’t hold out and was completely shattered due to the unexpected timing of the attack, just when its protective power took a slight dip in the process of emitting poisonous fog.

However, as Yumir was blanketed by the poisonous fog despite having broken the formation, what good was that! Kim YeSeul shouted in shock.

“Mir!”

“Oh, Mir is alright, mother.”

Kang MiRae consoled her. Kim YeSeul widened her eyes at her, but soon, the black fog that tried to spread out to the lands started being sucked towards the center.

It was still not destroyed and it was trying to do something!? Just as she was about to prepare to cast another magic in nervousness, the remaining fog all disappeared at once and Yumir walked out. As he was creasing his face, Kim YeSeul’s worries only deepened, but only until his next words.

“This isn’t tasty at all.”

“……”

“Mir has extreme poison resistance as well as higher curse resistance, mother.”

“So there are such skills……”

It was natural that Kim YeSeul wouldn’t have any knowledge of this skill. Unless one acquired it through quest rewards from the angels or something, one could only learn the base skill after suffering quite a lot of pain. However, thanks to meeting a good father, Yumir was born with it!

Just as Kim YeSeul became powerless after seeing that she had underestimated the potential of her grandson, Yumir, who raised a skill level in the process of sucking all the fog containing poison and mana, called for her while tilting her head.

“Grandma.”

“Yes, what is it?”

“Some people are watching. Shall I go catch them?”

Not only Kim YeSeul, Kang MiRae and Na YuNa flinched when they heard that. Kang MiRae nodded instead of Kim YeSeul.

“Okay, then please.”

“Got it!”

“Will you be alright alone?”

“Yeah!”

“Wait a moment, noona will give you a defense magic.”

“No, those guys are weak so it’s fine!”

With that Mir disappeared on the spot. From the shallow winds that replaced him, it was possible to estimate that he had enhanced his body using wind magic. Kim YeSeul muttered while dumbfoundedly looking at the spot he disappeared from.

“He really is multi-talented.”

“If you take the talent to make artifacts away from Mr. IlHan, and put the talent to wield magic, then you’d get Mir~.”

Although he was overwhelmingly inferior to Yu IlHan in fighting power as well, that gap was shortening. Of course, this was because Mir had grown through fighting many enemies in succession, but it was also because he could level up by eating the dragon meat which Yu IlHan had left behind.

Yes, Mir was born different. Born into a position where anyone would be envious of, he also put in endless effort in his desire to become stronger, and was even lucky to gain opportunities to do so, thus, it was no wonder he was so strong right now.

What was even stranger was Kim YeSeul, who looked even stronger than Mir right now. The magic she had casted in succession just now was something that Kang MiRae had never even heard of, and each and every one of them were strong beyond measure. According to her knowledge, it was impossible to use magic that interfered with time prior to becoming a higher existence… but it wasn’t like she was one either…..

“Mother is…… no, it’s nothing.”

Kang MiRae was about to question her but didn’t. To start on that, Yu IlHan’s powers were inexplicable as well. Even though she knew that it was rude to ask, she had made a mistake due to the relaxed situation.

However, Kim YeSeul seemed to have understood what she was going to say, and shook her head with a smile.

“I also do not know why I became so strong. Really… why?”

“Well, you were talented…….”

“No, it is not talent. I can declare that I have no talent. Moreso because I’m hitting loops without being able to go forward.”

“Loops?”

Kang MiRae titled her head at the incomprehensible words, but Kim YeSeul no longer spoke. Soon, Yumir brought a few men who fainted from magic, and Kang MiRae also forgot about the conversation just now.

Kang MiRae did not have the interrogative ability that Yu IlHan had (Of course, for him, it was just beating up souls). So she was worried about how to extract information from them, but it was all for nought.

“Obediently tell us about the magic fo……”

“We will! Please spare our lives!”

“I, I will say anything if you can guarantee that you won’t kill me!”

Before she could say anything with lightning magic in her hands for threatening, they quickly caught up on the impending crisis, and spat out information like a leaking valve.

“A, although they aren’t here, there were nobles and knights that cooperated with us……”

“There was only one fallen angel we saw. However, according to his words……!”

They were nobles residing in the imperial capital that Kang MiRae had seen before in the imperial castle. The rotten ones with neither tenacity nor ability, but was full of greed. They were played by the fallen angel precisely because of that, and were spitting out everything they knew so easily.

“This won’t do.”

Kang MiRae, who organized all the information that came from them, burnt them all to ashes and muttered while standing up.

“Although I did predict this, there’s no way the fallen angels would have trusted them with so much information.”

“But we still found out something; that this magic formations are just what we predicted – a scheme to do something about Earth – and also a joint plan from the guys called Army of Brilliant Light and the Destruction Demon Army, as well as the name of the magic, ‘Freedom’.”

Freedom, huh.

Kim YeSeul pondered about the word, but nothing came to her mind. There was one thing that was for sure, and it was that the situation would become irreversibly big if they left this alone.

People from tens of different worlds were already cooperating with them. Practically, all worlds connected to Earth right now, had something to do with this.

“The route of proliferation was……”

“There’s no need to think about it. It’s the mercenary guild~; to be exact, the settled mercenary system, that is causing this.”

Said Na YuNa with a sigh. The timing was so coincidental that they thought that the fallen angels had waited for this opportunity.

“At first, those guys pulled some strings behind a single world.”

And, their plans were completely shattered by Yu IlHan. Despite having repeated a few times, the results did not change.

In the end, they realized the fact that they would fail with cooperating with just a single world unless they found a way to utilize the power of higher existences.

However, with the 2nd Great Cataclysm, Earth started being connected to many different worlds physically. Although there was the positive result that the good people had gathered, but in reverse, it had also produced a result that it gathered all the bitches from every world in one place.

“The Army of Brilliant Light are bad guys, and the traitors belonging to the Heaven’s Army is also just a minority, they shouldn’t have been able to come into contact with all worlds under Heaven’s management. However, with the gates opening on Earth, they could openly do bad deeds through the humans.”

“So the worst case scenario we’ve come up with, had become real in an even worse fashion.”

Muttered Kang MiRae with a sigh. But soon, she tensed her body with a shout.

“Let’s move as much as we can. They said that the effect of the magic would increase the more worlds there are, right? Then we shall clean up as many of the magic formations as possible.”

“Hing… It would have been good if Mr. IlHan was here~.”

“Don’t make crying sounds. We’re going over to Breya immediately. We won’t stop to rest so prepare yourself.”

“Nuuu, Mr. IlHan~~~~~~ Ouch.”

Kang MiRae tapped Na YuNa’s forehead lightly to shut her up. Kim YeSeul watched the scene in satisfaction, and hugged Yumir. Yumir tilted his head.

“Grandma, did you put perfume on?”

“No.”

“You smell good.”

“Oh really?”

Just as she was enjoying some skinship with her grandson who only sweet-talked her, Kang MiRae and Na YuNa’s gazes pricked her. She let him go, and he said the exact same thing to the girls and hugged them. Kim YeSeul made a small sigh, unnoticed by anyone, after seeing their figures.

“This guy… what’s he doing? Sheesh.”

He was busy all this time. She didn’t think that he was lazing around after cutting all communications, but now that such a bothersome thing happened on Earth, she couldn’t help but miss his son who cleaned up all messes before they even started up.

“Mother, let’s go.”

“Yes.”

Kim YeSeul stopped her thoughts there and followed Kang MiRae. The gate that maintained connection with Earth constantly, was within the imperial castle, so there was a need to move quickly.

***

Meanwhile, the one that everyone longed for so much, Yu IlHan, was currently…

“Oryaaah!”

[Kuoaaah!]

[Kwaah! Kugaaak!]

[Kihiiaaak!]

[Your insane! You lunatic! How can you think of gathering them up to hunt all at once!] (Liera)

[Kyaaak! It’s coming here! It’s coming here! Yu IlHan! IlHaaan!] (Erta)

“I’m not insane, I only kicked up the training difficulty!”

He had raised hell-difficulty into inferno-difficulty!



Chapter 178

It was not long ago, that Yu IlHan had become used to hunting these monsters.

“I’m no longer afraid of the vibration demon now.”

[But you weren’t afraid in the first place.] (Liera)

[We still are afraid of them.] (Erta)

“No, not that. I don’t feel like I’d lose against anything in this dungeon now.”

The battles with these monsters became so easy that the demon he just killed, he killed with just two strikes, including a surprise attack.

Well, of course, those two attacks were probably strong enough to split the the Earth in half, but until now, these demons had endured such attacks. Hence, hell mode.

Did that mean that the enemies were weakened? Not at all. They became stronger if anything, as Yu IlHan rose in level.

Then, there was only one answer left. The question mark riddled records he had absorbed until now after killing so many of them, started to take effect.

[I think the effects of the record absorption only took effect when you realized that this place was a part of Earth.] (Liera)

“You’re right. I agree with that.”

[Although I’ve lived for quite a long time, the Akashic Record is full of things we cannot understand. We don’t even know why the Akashic Record cannot interpret the records Yu IlHan is acquiring right now, either.] (Spiera)

[Earth is strange in the first place, connecting gates to other worlds. Perhaps it takes time for it to get interpreted.] (Erta)

It wasn’t like he had entered this place through normal means. This strange result was produced from the strange phenomenons happening on Earth, and an even stranger being that made use of it. Of course, he had no leisure to study the Akashic Record right now.

Yu IlHan thought back to the battle just now. That, was the biggest and strongest vibration demon he had faced until now, but somehow, from the moment he saw the figure from a distance, he could see through the weakest part of its body immediately.

He immediately charged and shot the pile bunker on that part of the body, and discovered a time to inflict as much damage as possible before attacking with the thunderhammer at the time. Then, Blaze, strengthened through Eternal Flame and Dragonic blood, resonated with the bone screw and incinerated the inside of its body. There was no need for the Death Driver, or the Eight-tailed dragon spear.

[At this rate, he might actually achieve 4th class within 5 years.] (Liera)

[Although I want to see that, I also don’t want to see it……!] (Erta) 1

Liera and Erta respectively spoke with expectation and worry. However, Yu IlHan, surprisingly, shook his head after hearing them.

“It won’t do at this rate.”

[What do you mean it won’t do. Isn’t the experience rising like mad?] (Erta)

“But at this rate……”

Yu IlHan raised his head. The blood colored sunset that was maintained for 24 hours, washed over his face. Well, there was no sun here, so it was unknown if he could call that ‘sunset’.

[At this rate?] (Liera)

“The skills won’t be able to rise properly…..”

[Uh…..]

[Hm…..]

“Just smashing it with the pile bunker and striking with the hammer, there’s no room for skill growth. Until now, I had to do all sorts of stuff to fight so all of the skills grew equally.”

While the angels became speechless at Yu IlHan’s unimaginable speech, Spiera, who agreed with him on the inside, agreed with him, albeit a little later.

[……A, as expected of a trainee of the Great cosmos-severing spear!] (Spiera)

[Don’t pretend to be calm!] (Liera)

Yu IlHan checked his status again, and came to the conclusion that he really couldn’t continue like this. There were many skills he wanted to master before 4th class, but at this rate, not even one of them would have a satisfying growth!

“And it’s not like I can beat up the boss now either.

In the first place, he didn’t know where it was. The angels were never as thankful as they were now.

“I can’t help it. I can only increase the number of enemies I face.”

[Huh, these monsters, you mean?] (Liera)

[These monsters that are predicted to be level 260 or above?] (Erta)

[…….Do your best, Yu IlHan!] (Spiera)

Liera and Erta shivered in fear, and Spiera cheered him on. Liera and Erta turned around and shouted at the same time.

[You’re thinking like it’s another one’s business, but if IlHan dies, we die too! Moreover, the moment you use your power, you’ll get expelled from Heaven!] (Liera)

[Yu IlHan became insane due to his greed for growth. We need to stop him and make him get it together!] (Erta)

[But wouldn’t it be possible if it’s Yu IlHan……?] (Spiera)

The angels all fell into confusion. However, Yu IlHan didn’t care about that. No, in fact, he wouldn’t even care even if a beautiful girl (aka bishoujo) fell from the skies!

“First, I’ll need to start with a preemptive attack with the pile bunker, so I need to practice loading pile bunkers faster.”

[You really are going to do it!?] (Liera)

“After that, I’ll set some traps in some places, and use some artifacts that auto-target when enemies approach…… Orochi, how many thought-souls do we have?”

A thought-soul within an artifact was easier to manage. Since there was almost no limit now to his Rule skill, due to its growth. He had no reason to hesitate.

[Krrr…… 81 4th class, 3rd classes number more than that, but against those monsters, 3rd class thought-souls won’t be enough.] (Orochi)

“And the thought-souls of those demons?”

[It’s still too difficult right now.]

It wasn’t like the demons did not leave behind a thought-soul. However, they were only roaring like the time they were alive, so Orochi could only have a hard time facing them. No, in fact, it was even hard to win 1 on 1.

“Then let’s do with what we have for now. I’ll make the artifacts easy to be installed and uninstalled….. good, now, only I need to do well.”

[His plans are becoming concrete, what do we do?] (Liera)

[Aah, the price for leaving him on Earth, we’re finally paying for…….] (Erta)

Yu IlHan activated the Hourglass of Eternity, which coincidentally became usable again, to acquire his time alone in this wide dungeon, and started working with his anvil and furnace out.

He made automatic interception ballistas that shot arrows automatically when enemies were in a certain range, as well as mines, grenades, and lightning traps and ice traps to stun the enemy! All of this became possible thanks to Yu IlHan’s rising magic engineering skill.

“Ooh, it’s funny to see legend ranks popping out so easily.”

[Why, do the epic ranked ones not come out?] (Liera)

“I got one just now. It’s a trap that covers the surrounding area in lightning, but I actually got an option attached to it that will make it stronger through absorbing enemy’s mana. Hey, there’s also an attack-reflect option. That sounds painful even for me. But I’ve considered that and it has an ally-protection option!”

[…….] (Liera)

Liera thought that it would be perfect if he just added ‘For today only, you can get one for 39.99!’. However, seeing the occasional epic ranked artifacts and traps, she couldn’t even joke around anymore.

In a secretive dungeon unbeknownst to anyone, an achievement that would be recorded in history was happening.

He made artifacts, trained in the Great Cosmos-Severing spear, as well as the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory and some other skills, and two months of time passed by in a flash.

Others wouldn’t possibly try to extend the duration of isolation in a dungeon even when they were given the Hourglass of Eternity, but to Yu IlHan, it was not much different from lunchtime break at high school.

“Although it’s a pity that I couldn’t learn the Great Cosmos-severing Spear, let’s go.”

[Okay, let’s go!] (Liera)

[Let’s finish this up quickly!] (Erta)

In the two months that didn’t even take one second, the angels were all in a state of nirvana. If they couldn’t avoid it, they could only enjoy it! The girls took a step forward as higher existences.

And so, it comes to now.

[Kyaaak! As I expected, I can’t do this! There are two more cominggg!] (LIera)

[Yu IlHan, beneath your feet! Below!] (Erta)

Bullshit nirvana. Even the world’s most frightening roller coaster wouldn’t they scream like they were doing now!

“Hhp!”

Yu IlHan moved his body according to the two angels that loyally reported back the position of the enemies without him asking.

[Kuoooh!]

[Kihiiik!]

Without even needing to look back, he could realize from just their voice alone – that monsters, that shot out vibrating tentacles, fire, frost, or lightning were waiting to devour him whole even with their vital parts, such as the heart, penetrated through!

“Good, I knew skills won’t grow without a thrill like this!”

[You’re a pervert! You pervert!] (Liera)

Yu IlHan had to become proficient in flying through the attacks of enemies that poured onto him literally by the second, and dodging all of the fire, lightning, ice and tentacles!

However, even when dodging, he would not simply just dodge. The moment he directed a shockwave towards the back for Leap, a slug cartridge appeared in the direction of the shockwave.

“And shoot!”

The cartridge obviously broke apart in the shockwave. The cartridge which contained the power to absorb and amplify due to the materials being from the vibration demon, absorbed all the shock, and amplified it and sent it outwards in every direction!

[Critical Hit!]

[Kuoooh!]

[Kuaang!]

The slug cartridge beautifully exploded into pieces. The demons cried out in pain due to getting damage from an item made of their own bones. 4th classes from the outside world would perhaps die with this attack alone.

However, Yu IlHan’s rampage did not end there. He had successfully lured them the range where he had set up small, mid, large, and extra large sized ballistas which he had set up like an orchestra.

Despite the fact that they were hopelessly attacked by the grenades and the landmines until now, and precisely because that happened, the demons blindly chased Yu IlHan while rampaging even more. The result was not worth talking about.

[Kuwaaah!]

[Kihih! Kihiiih!]

The ballista army that shot out bone spears mercilessly at the enemies, started a concert using the cries of the demons that were experiencing a new world in front of the harmony of the magic gunpowder and Giant’s Rubber Band, as instruments! Even though they just wanted to take revenge on the man that had holed through their chests, they had to be beaten up with all sorts of methods that could possibly exist in this world!

[They’re all being fooled! All of them!] (Liera)

[You bet they would. Yu IlHan is at a point where he could bestow his concealment power to an artifact through magic stones…..] (Erta)

Yu IlHan moved around busily and struck at the enemies using all sorts of artifacts and traps, as well as deploying leap and re-leap to escape their sights to procure concealment environment, and mercilessly ripped the head off the enemies who were defenseless, with a single surprise attack.

And the text that popped up like mad on Yu IlHan’s retina was this!

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

It wasn’t that the Akashic Record finally broke. It was just that Yu IlHan could draw three untraceable trajectories with a single strike of the spear. SInce all of them achieved critical damage, not even one of them could endure.

[You have earned 4??9??87??5??1 experience.]

[You have become level 187. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

[The skill, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, has become level 68!]

[The skill, Leap, has become level 96!]

As he would be put through heaven and hell once he strayed from his predicted path, his focus was heightened to the limits, so with that Yu IlHan’s original objective, skill training, was going very well. He even raised a level while he hunted all of them in one fell swoop!

Yu IlHan felt the completely recovered health and magic and charged forward once again with a smile. On the tip of this spear, a white flame, the mixture of Eternal Flame and Blaze, was spouting bright white light.

“All of you! Come at meee!”

[Can we……. hold out until IlHan gets 4th class?] (Liera)

[Please take care of me when it comes down to it, Liera. Don’t bring Yu IlHan up, you can go down.] (Erta)

[Fufu, I’ll bring you down first!] (Liera)

The moment the curtain to the 7th mini war rose, Yu IlHan’s inferno difficulty hunting days also raised the curtains.

…….Without even knowing what the people of Earth were currently facing.



Chapter 179

Another year passed. It had been 2 years since Yu IlHan had entered the dungeon, and it had also been 2 years and 2 months since the Earth had undergone its 2nd Great Cataclysm.

Of course, it was hard for Yu IlHan to feel that flow of time, as the dungeon was covered in red light without night and day, and Yu IlHan’s physical body had evolved a lot and now he was fine with almost no sleep.

Just that, he remembered the number of times he had opened the barrier which he opened every month when the angels told him the time. Inside, he would repair his equipment, resupply his consumables, make food, check his skill status, and train.

“Hm.”

Right now, after achieving 2nd anniversary in this life of hell, Yu IlHan was in deep thought with the scene in front of him.

“This is no longer hard either.”

[Yeah, right!] (Liera)

Retorted Liera with every bit of potential she had in her soul. Her eyes were also fixated at what was in the front.

Endlessly bursting flesh and drops of blood, resonating cries and screams. Here, was true hell. Of course, the difference was that the punisher and the punished had switched places!

[Kuuuwaaak!]

[Kihik Kihiiik!]

Various overlaid traps, ballistas that never lost sight of the enemy once targeted. It didn’t stop there, and there were drones which flew around to grab enemies, or pull them together, or tackled their legs, or just plain beat them up.

That, was the item that proved Yu IlHan’s growth in magic engineering!

Of course, he wasn’t able to push the monsters to their deaths with just that. Perhaps he would be able to kill them if they were normal 4th class, but it was nigh impossible to fatally wound these over level 260 demons, and Yu IlHan also knew that well.

So, all his install-type weapons and traps were focused not in attacking power, but in grabbing the attention of the enemies, and nullifying their movements. That, first, disabled their focused attacks on Yu IlHan, and second, enabled Yu IlHan to conceal himself more easily. Really, for Yu IlHan, that was more than enough.

The ones he trusted the most, and the one he sought to raise the most, were his physical body trained over numerous years, and his concealment, which now basically became one with him.

“Hhp!”

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned ??847?34523? experience.]

Yu IlHan was more free than anyone in his own domain, and shook the insides of the domain with his spear that was more fatal than any other traps in the area, while taking the necks of the lower levelled ones first.

Yu IlHan, who had absorbed their records for two whole years through hunting, was now literally the same as having equipped eyes that scouted these demons. Now, he could read through their health, weaknesses, patterns, skills, and even simple thought processes!

[There’s around 50 here but he’s not even challenged!] (Liera)

[It’s 67, Liera.] (Erta)

[With this many here, they’re even committing team kills. They’re just hitting something like mad, but they don’t seem to recognize what they’re hitting.] (Spiera)

With bombs exploding everywhere as well as arrows flying from all directions, the demons were swept by away like mad. Naturally, attacks aimed at Yu IlHan were frequently missed, and oftentimes they would hit their allies. In fact, more of these demons were killed due to team kills than through his traps!

Yu IlHan was undergoing battle while moving around hectically, but realized that at this rate, they would not be able to land a single finger on him, tentacles included. Then, there was no meaning to his aggroed hunting.

A battle without thrills was akin to a practice stage! No matter how long he did this for, his skill proficiency would not rise.

“Did I go overboard with the artifacts?….. Should I decrease their numbers and fight up front?”

[Please don’t.] (Liera)

[Although you may be alright with it, we aren’t! I’ll really hate you if you keep doing such foolish things like this.] (Erta)

[I think it will be fine for Yu IlHan though…..] (Spiera)

[Stop with the baseless faith!]

He would have proceeded if this training was without a threat to his life, but since it was, he couldn’t remove his safety devices. Yu IlHan was pressured by the angels’ desperate request and nodded his head.

“Then I can’t help it. Let’s switch to level up mode now.”

Yu IlHan’s level was ‘still’ 195. No matter how much experience these demons gave him, unlike the worlds and dungeons full of monsters he had experienced prior to this, there was a limit to the number of these demons generated in this dungeon, and his growth had stalled.

[Stalled? Stalleddd?] (Liera)

“Ah, you’re noisy.”

Of course, it wasn’t just due to that. Another reason for the drop in his growth speed was because Yu IlHan was adamant in group huntng, and had to go around with a massive trail of those demons on his tail. However, if he killed everything in his sight without even bothering to fold his wings, then his level up speed would accelerate.

Although it did weigh on his mind that he hadn’t mastered the skills as he wanted to, he decided to believe that around two more skills would reach the master level by the time he received the 4th class mission.

“Well, then. I should start off by killing everything here.”

The moment he decided on that, he activated all the landmines within the area and caused a grand explosion. The destruction was one thing, but the instantaneous boom and flash was even more frightening.

There was no way these demons would get affected by normal light or sound, but Yu IlHan’s version was precisely made to affect them. He had thoroughly analyzed their abilities and made these so that they would disrupt their defense system!

[Kihik!]

[Kihaak!]

The moment all the demons in the area were nullified, he spat out a huge shockwave behind his wings and charged towards them by the repetition of leaps and re-leaps he was used to by now!

“Orochiii!”

[Kroaaar!]

This scene looked like it was from some shounen manga, but Yu IlHan and Orochi, connected through the Rule skill, focused their wills on the tip of the Eight-tailed dragon spear.

On the Eight-tailed dragon spear firmly gripped by his two hands, his level 99 Superhuman strength, the power of dragonkin raised by Dragonic blood, level 90 Blaze, and finally, the sharpness of the sword, which he needed the most right now, was imbued. This was literally everything Yu IlHan had piled up untilo now.

Wait no. One more thing.

“Hhp!”

While charging in a speed even he could not control, Yu IlHan swung his spear towards those that were blocking his vision. At that moment, demons in his range of all 6 directions as well as diagonal directions, all spurted out enormous amounts of blood!

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[The skill, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, has become level 83.]

[Critical Hit!]

Meanwhile, his spear took a step forward, and the number of strikes he could use at a single time, increased in number. Spiera shouted after seeing Yu IlHan dealing 5 strikes of the spear at once to one of the demons that was behind him, after he did a sudden turn.

[Does it even make sense to become proficient in such an absurd level of an advanced skill!?] (Spiera)

[Did IlHan do anything that was within your knowledge?] (Liera)

[Spiera, are you now afraid that your martial arts will be caught up by Yu IlHan?] (Erta)

[Shut up.] (Spiera)

The 14th mini war was triggered among the angels, but Yu IlHan wasn’t in the right mind to care about them. He had to defeat enemies in the most efficient way possible since although his level was near 200, and he had raised the skill level of Blaze and the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory a lot, they still consumed a lot of mana!

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[You have mastered the skill, Critical hit. It becomes easier to find weaknesses even against enemies you meet for the first time, and the power behind critical hits increases by a large amount.]

BLood and flesh scattered in the air, as well as the heads of the demons. Even while moving faster than he could recognize, Yu IlHan pulled off escaping the eyes of enemies and concealing himself, and the screams and cries that filled the region also started to die down after a certain point.

[You have earned ?94?4512?453 experience.]

[You have earned 53?4435??501 experience.]

And finally, the moment arrived.

[You have mastered the skill, Leap. The limitations on the number of re-leaps, as well as the delays between each re-leap completely disappears. However, you must be careful as each re-leap will give a lot of burden to the physical body.]

[It is possible to evolve the skill into an advanced skill if you fulfill the skill evolution criteria.]

[3rd class magic stones 4,643,549/100,000]

[4th class magic stones 19,685/1,000]

[Blood of high magic species 201,559/1,000 L]

[Attain 2 achievements related to leap 2/2]

[The skill evolution criteria for the skill, Leap, has been fulfilled. Will you evolve the skill?]

“……Eh?”

Although he wanted to master the Superhuman strength skill first, he ended up mastering Leap first. Well, yeah. He had no complaints in that itself.

However, what the hell was with the insane skill evolution criteria? One hundred thousand 3rd class magic stones? One thousand liters of high magic species? Achievements related to leap?

Leaving aside everything else, one thousand 4th class magic stones… that was impossible for anyone other than Yu IlHan. Even Language required only 100!

‘Although, Language requires a 5th class magic stone too……’

If the Language skill went with quality, Leap skill went with quantity. Of course, that was according to Yu IlHan’s standards. He thought about what to do, but then remembered that he was still under battle.

[Kuoooh!]

“Fine, fine. I’m coming.”

Yu IlHan, who replied as if he was going to play with puppies, did indeed play a lot with them. The final one remaining was the one with the most tenacious connection to him, the perverted vibration demon!

“Huoooh!”

[Kihaaa!]

Yu IlHan struck out with his spear after dodging all of those long and large tentacles.

[Critical Hit!]

The Eight-tailed dragon spear, which would have been deflected by the vibrations before, ignored all vibrations and just burnt everything. The sharp spear head hidden inside the flames split the demon’s head in half.

[You have become level 196. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

“It gave me a single level after all of that.”

[No one’s giving you any levels, it’s you who’s raising it!] (Erta)

Yu IlHan snorted before collecting the corpses of all the demons, the ballistas and the traps. He didn’t forget to polish them for immediate use in the future, and with Eternal Flame which had been with him through countless battles, that much was as easy as pie.

And only after all that, did he gain the time to ponder about the evolution of the Leap skill.

[Evolving the Leap skill? Leap is the supplementary one in Superhuman strength, right?] (Liera)

[Although it started off like that, it should be completely different now. It’s a skill that has nothing to do with me since I’m not proficient in moving my body….. Liera, Spiera, do you two not have it?] (Erta)

Liera and Spiera both shook their heads.

[I’m the type to attract everything and smash them all at once.] (Liera)

[I was always careful with my steps in order to strike with everything with my spear. My mobility came after I became an angel.] (Spiera)

[You could have just said you didn’t…] (Erta)

Liera and Spiera decided to not talk about how they would feel like they lost out to Yu IlHan if they didn’t give reasons. Of course, Yu IlHan was busy thinking about the Leap skill, and didn’t care about their conversation.

“I should evolve it, right?”

[Unless you’re planning to eat all those 4th class magic stones or something, then yes, I guess?] (Erta)

Erta’s advice was effective. Yu IlHan shook away the final shred of hesitation in his heart and chose to evolve, and immediately, a portion of the magic stones and dragon blood in his possession appeared outside and covered his body.

And finally, the two achievements he attained related to Leap, ‘The Quickest’, and ‘The Frog that Leaped out of the Well’, as well as the records related to those two titles were all dismantled and sublimed into a higher form of record. Of course, he did not know how and why those two titles were achievements related to leaping.

[It’s strange that this skill is possible to be evolved alone in the first place…….] (Liera)

[Just what kind of results would it bring? I’m looking forward to it.] (Erta)

[No matter how grand the conditions for evolutions are, there are plenty of cases where the results aren’t up to par. Of course, I wish that was not the case, but if you expect too much, you may become disapp-] (Spiera)

The moment Spiera was about to continue, the dragon blood that enveloped Yu IlHan swallowed the numerous magic stones, and seem to change in property before being absorbed by Yu IlHan’s body.

The angels realized that the enormous quantity and quality of mana was changing into a form that they ‘knew very well’.

[…….Huh?]

[I think it’s for sure.] (Erta)

[But that ability is…… Hmm?] (Spiera)

While the angels were tilting their heads, Yu IlHan also started to understand the identity of the power surging inside him. And the fruit of that finally etched onto his retina.

[You have acquired the skill, Warp. The power of leaping beyond the extreme will distort spacetime and will lead you to the location you want. It is possible to transfer by using a large quantity of magic stones, and you are able to move to anywhere as long as it’s place you are in perfect comprehension of. It is also possible to bring others with you by consuming additional magic stones.]

“……”

After realizing the identity of the power that completely settled inside him, he felt a strange combination of freedom, emptiness, disappointment and joy, as he spoke.

“Let’s go home now.”

Representing the other two, Liera replied in a bright and worry-less voice.

[Okay!]



Chapter 180

There was a limit to the sleeper’s net catching a lot of fish. Never did he imagined he would master Leap while training to kill the boss of the dungeon, and even escape the dungeon with the advanced version.

He could have predicted it when the title, ‘Frog that leaped out of the well’ came into play in the evolution process… perhaps his foreshadow-reading abilities had come to an end?

Well, it didn’t matter that much, since he could now go back home, but Yu IlHan still couldn’t erase the sense that something was remaining in his heart.

“Although it’s good that everything’s solved, what is this stuffy feeling…”

[That’s because you’re a pervert that cannot rest still until you kill the boss in whichever dungeon you’re in. But, I still like you that way!] (Liera)

“I also like myself this way. ……And yes, I like you too.”

[Eheheh.] (Liera)

Liera thought that she would be forgiven if she just attached ‘I like you’ at the end of her lines, and… it was true. Yu IlHan stroked her hair and checked the skill he had earned just now, Warp.

“The conditions for using this skill is so tedious…… It’s not like I can go to anywhere I’ve been to, but only after I have a thorough comprehension of that area. What is ‘thorough comprehension’?”

[Spatial transfer magic is normally a lot more tedious than that. However, you have acquired the Warp skill, and the skill activation conditions you’ve just said is like drawing simple pictures while we, are writing 1 gigabyte worth of mathematical formulae.] (Erta)

To think back, Erta probably did say she had learnt spatial transfer magic. His time here was so hectic that he had forgotten about that.

Then, why didn’t she use it…? He looked at her with such eyes, and Erta turned her head away and spoke in a powerless voice.

[I can only move between worlds. That’s how normal higher existences are!] (Erta)

“Aha.”

Erta probably had her pride as a higher existence specializing in magic. Yu IlHan decided to not touch on that.

[And so? How do you draw the magic formation?] (Erta)

“There’s nothing like that, I only need to spend some magic stones. But since the skill level is low right now, I think it will take a little time.”

Yu IlHan thought up of the place he knew about the best, the Bittersweet Persona. Since he had designed it himself, he would at least not fail!

The number of magic stones to go there in that exact spot, while bringing 3 angels with him……

Just by thinking up of the conditions, the answer popped out of his head, as if a calculator did all the working out in his brain.

50 4th class magic stones for Yu IlHan, as he didn’t reach higher existence yet, 80 for the 5th class Erta, and 110 for the remaining two, for a total of 350. It was insanely expensive.

“Hey I won’t be able to even use it frequently. The cost would probably increase if I move between worlds, too……”

Yu IlHan once again realized the power of the title ‘Frog that leaped out of the well’. It was only used in the evolution process, and still retained its ability, so he would be able to use it in the future as well. The problem, was that he couldn’t do it here.

[Why? How many do you need to spend?] (Liera)

“350 magic stones, all 4th class.”

[Kehk.]

“Pay back 300 4th class magic stones later.”

[Kehk.]

[Let’s send the bill to Heaven……] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan, gave the angels the debt, and activated the skill while watching out for any assaults. However, he couldn’t even hear the boss, much less the steps of the demons he had beaten up to death.

“Done.”

[I can feel a path opening! But look at that! It’s so secretive, just like IlHan!] (Liera)

“You shut up.”

As Yu IlHan’s skill was an advanced version of Leap, there was no tedious process like summoning a gate outside, and just needed for everyone to jump from the spot. That action would become the trigger and distort the path.

“Now!”

The moment Yu IlHan jumped hand in hand with the angels, he remembered the faint memories that were almost buried under the weight of a thousand years.

In his high school, there was once they went to a theme park for a school trip, and the guys who naturally did not include Yu IlHan in their group (probably because they didn’t know he was there), tried to take a cool photo and all jumped at once for it, only to drop all of their phones in their pockets at the same time.

It would be fine if one or two were intact, but as if to prove their solid friendship, they had all broken their phone screens, which made Yu IlHan very happy.

[Don’t bring up sad memories and package it like a good one! I’ll do it with you from next time! I’ll do a lot of other things with you!] (Liera)

“Don’t read my mind.”

The skill activated successfully. Yu IlHan and the angels ignored the physical and magical spatial limitations and instantly moved to the Bittersweet Persona.

Yu IlHan blindly believed that this was possible because it was an advanced skill, but in truth, it was a special skill that was only generated due to the achievements he had pulled off until now. No matter how many magic stones were invested, it wasn’t so easy to leap through space.

However, at the time the scene of the dungeon blurred about with the scene of his property, a small voice could be heard in his ears. It was a voice belonging to a very young child.

[Don’t come again. No one come again. Do not ever come again.] (???)

“I won’t, you damn thing.”

[Hm?]

“It’s nothing.”

He shook his head. He was sure that that guy was the boss of the dungeon. The reason it kept sending out those demons was also because it didn’t want to meet Yu IlHan.

Of course, he said he won’t go back, but Yu IlHan would mercilessly go beat it up if he had the certainty to. Whether it wanted to fight him or not, it was a serious crime to trap Yu IlHan in a cage for more than 2 years!

And like that, Yu IlHan came back to Earth, in a way he had never even imagined he would.

[We really came back. With such a crude skill too.] (Erta)

[The mana concentration of this area has become even higher. I can only sigh thinking about how much change Earth would have undergone in these two years.] (Spiera)

[Hey, that’s not the problem right now. We’re getting calls from everywhere. EVERYWHERE!] (Liera)

The angels became emotional that they could communicate with the Heaven’s Army again, and started working busily. Well, since they were away for 2 years, they were probably going to be busy. Yu IlHan had the confidence that he would not be surprised even if all three of them left his side for the next two months.

“But……”

Yu IlHan, who finally became emotional that he had come to Earth when he took a fresh and sweet breath of air, noticed something and looked around him.

Of course, all the trees within the mansion grounds were monitored and managed by the automated system in the mansion, so it didn’t look that different, but he could instinctively feel that they hadn’t undergone much human hands recently.

“Looks like everyone was busy until now.”

[Nothing bad happened…… right?] (Liera)

“No, there are traces of them being here from time to time. Mir was also here not too long ago.”

What he did was to empty out the fridge. Yu IlHan had finished maturing all the remaining dragon meat and had put them in the fridge, but they were all gone right now.

“……I suddenly feel like a lot of time has passed.”

[This guy, you didn’t say anything like that when you were learning magic engineering to craft artifacts and levelling up.] (Liera)

[Well, parents only feel the flow of time with the growth of their children.] (Erta)

Yu IlHan couldn’t deny Erta’s words. Not to mention deny, he wanted to meet Yumir right now. The things he had endured until now started exploding all at once.

“Oh crap. I might even be glad even if I meet Miss YuNa right now.”

[Hey, don’t go saying that to that woman. It will become a mess. She might try to put a stamp on you.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan entered the mansion while laughing. The first thing he wanted to do was to have a nice bath with the luxurious facilities in the mansion! Thinking back to how he couldn’t even wash properly in the dungeon for 2 years, he gritted his teeth.

[Let me go with you too!] (Liera)

“You also need to scrape your body though. Let’s use a bath each, while I still stay calm.”

The angels all agreed that they needed to wash up before getting busy, and they each headed to their own battlefield after splitting up. Liera couldn’t let go of the regret, but Spiera and Erta forcefully took her.

Yu IlHan first took off all his armor and washed them clean, and jumped into the bath after a quick wash.

Dirt and dead skin floated up the bathtub without even needing to scrape his body. It was as i looking at a birth of an army. Although, the bath was also an artifact so the waste automatically disappeared……

“Wait.”

It was at that moment that Yu IlHan thought of the Giant Bucket in his inventory. He discussed the the angels about how it would be good to train mana inside it, but he had forgotten about it since he had a lot of other things to use it on.

But since he had used up all the materials in the 2 years in the dungeon, there was no need to use the Giant Bucket for quite a while. Then……

“Good.”

Scraping all the dead skins and dirt off his body in a flash, he stood up after draining the bath. But then, he realized something else as well.

“Huh?”

Although he didn’t notice until now since he had no time to check his growth in the dungeon, it looked like he had grown taller in the past two years, and he reached 190 cm.

“So I didn’t notice since the growth was too gradual……”

Yu IlHan was surprised after seeing himself in the mirror. He thought that his growth period had ended with him entering 20 years of age, but it looked like the cells that had evolved over his millennium on Earth, had gradually changed his physical body with the repetitive level ups and the flow of time.

He alternated between gripping and loosening his fists, and cleanly shaved the beard he had left alone until now, since he was in front of the mirror. He also took out the spear to cut off his hair and it became quite neat.

“Well then.”

Thankfully, the bath was wide enough for the bucket to fit. He burned all the cut off hair with Blaze and poured hot water in the Giant Bucket.

But then, he thought up of something and took out a bottle of Breath and put a few drops of it into the water. Then, the water was dyed in pink and the bucket vibrated slightly for a moment. Yu IlHan thought that his thoughts weren’t wrong.

‘Perhaps because it’s made of dragon hearts, it sure does have a great compatibility with dragon blood.’

Yu IlHan scraped his body once again before entering the bucket, and jumped in without hesitation.

“Phewww.”

Although on the outside, the bucket looked normal since the magic organs comprising the heart had all been fused into the bucket, it was quite clear that the group of dragon hearts absorbed in the bucket were doing their jobs.

The waves of mana from various parts of the bucket vibrated the water, and vibrated the dragon blood diffused inside it, and even shook the mana residing in Yu IlHan’s body. The feeling was quite….. no, considerably good.

‘Since I made so much, I won’t need to make cookies for a while right? Looks like I should make this my exclusive bath.’

Yu IlHan allowed his body to be taken away by the minute vibrations of the water. This caused a lot of positive changes with his mana resonating naturally.

He thought back to the dragon blood that he had absorbed in the process of evolving the Leap skill. Those dissolved the magic stones and changed it to direct the skill’s growth, and acted as a catalyst for Yu IlHan to absorb more easily. The blood being absorbed into Yu IlHan was actually a side effect.

They, did not disappear anywhere. They were compressed and took place in Yu IlHan’s soul, his record, and deep inside his bones. Even when he focused now, he could feel the absorbed dragon blood resonating with the Giant Bucket.

Perhaps the most absurd item Yu IlHan had made until now was not the Bittersweet Persona or anything else, but this Giant Bucket.

“Dad!”

At that moment, the door to the bath opened and Yumir ran in. Yu IlHan knew that he was coming as he was half-sharing his senses with the mansion, and when he was about to turn his head towards him.

“*Waaah*!”

Yumir ran into him while crying as soon as as he discovered Yu IlHan. Since he did not care about any objects in his path, such as the Giant Bucket, Yu IlHan had to receive him using his arms.

“*Sob*, *Waaahhh*!”

“Yes, yes. It’s alright now.”

Yu IlHan also put to a lot of rest seeing Yumir safe and sound. He had grown in the meanwhile, and also became more mature.

Although he was still 3rd class, their realms didn’t look to be that far apart from each other. Just with hunting, there was no way he could have caught up to Yu IlHan, who suffered in hell, but it looks like the effects of the dragon meat were really effective.

“Dad, where did you go!?”

“It’s a long story….. a really long one, do you want to listen?”

“Yeah!”

“Okay, then.”

“No, unfortunately, right now, it’s a little……..”

However, the one that answered him was a female voice and not Yumir. When Yu IlHan turned his head, he could see Kang MiRae who had become more mature and more beautiful over the past 2 years.

As Yu IlHan could see Kang MiRae, Kang MiRae was also met with the nude body of Yu IlHan inside the bucket.

“Oh, Miss MiRae was here too.”

“Huu…”

Then fainted without a moment’s delay. Yu IlHan blinked a few times and looked at Mir.

“Mir, why did she just faint?”

“I don’t know.”

“What was she about to say again?”

“That I do know.”

Yumir answered confidently.

“They say the 3rd Great Cataclysm is coming!”

[Whaaat!]

The moment Yu IlHan was about to say something, a loud noise resounded from where the angels would be washing. Just where did Liera throw her pride and dignity as an angel… Yu IlHan missed the her of when they first met as he stood up.

It looked like this was no time for a leisurely bath.



Chapter 181

Yu IlHan tried to lightly wipe his body and get clothed, but the clothes he had bought 2 years ago didn’t fit him anymore.

Without any options, he just wore a gown over his underwear, and pushed the Giant Bucket to one corner of the bath. The water inside was constantly affected by the bucket to keep the cleanness of the water, so he only needed to heat it back up again when he entered later.

“But why is dad having a bath here?”

“Mir, you have yours here from now too.”

“Ok!”

Yumir would always start off by accepting whatever his dad said. Even now, his figure sticking to Yu IlHan was like a kid. Well, he just turned 61, so it was natural that he was like this. Moreover, weren’t they separated for more than 2 years now?

“What did you do until now?”

“We were very busy. And we still are.’

From how he was talking about the impending 3rd Great Cataclysm, well, yeah they should have been busy. Yu IlHan strokes Yumir’s head with a smile, and completely dried his hair.

He went outside after clothing himself and while carrying the fainted Kang MiRae, and was met with the relatively calm Na YuNa.

He thought about how Kang MiRae had become quite pretty, but compared to Na YuNa, who had innate beauty, and a blessing from the goddess of beauty to top it off, she was quite well off.

“Hi! It’s good that you’ve returned safely~.”

“And you too, Miss YuNa.”

Before, she was quite a ways off to higher existences, but with the increase in her level, and becoming more proficient in utilizing the power of the goddess of beauty, she had an appearance that was hard to believe as human. As Yu IlHan couldn’t see the change process over the 2 years, he was shocked even more.

Since she was already catching up to the original beauty of a higher existences, despite being a lower one, what would happen once she became a higher existence? He could finally understand why the heads of the various factions aimed for her. And at the same time, he was sure that a lot of annoying things would happen in the future because of her.

“But Mr. IlHan. You became a lot more handsome than last time~!”

“Thanks.”

“You should have said that ‘Miss YuNa too has become very pretty’!”

“I shut my mouth because I knew you’d say that. You’re as unpleasant as ever.”

Na YuNa puffed her cheeks, but Yu IlHan did not mind her. Instead, he took out a truly beautiful circlet made of clean, red metal, and had small jewels embedded in places.

“Is it a new product~?”

“I can’t sell that. It’s epic ranked.”

Well, for Yu IlHan, this was nothing more than some random accessory he had made in his spare time in the 2 years of hell, but even the carefree Na Yuna couldn’t help but flinch at that. However, Yu IlHan’s next words were even more serious.

“You can have it, miss YuNa. Although there’s an ability to strengthen mana, it tilts more to protection. You’d be able to endure even if you were ambushed by a higher existence in some higher world, that should be able to hold out twice. So you need to find someone to protect you while you run away. There’s a lot of other options so do take a look.”

“……”

He turned around since he couldn’t hear a reply, and it looked like she was so absorbed in the circlet, and didn’t listen to him at all. Well, it was no wonder. Anyone would be like that with an epic ranked item in their hands. Yu IlHan understood her feelings.

And soon, a reply came back in a small voice.

“Thank you.”

“It’s fine if you use it well.”

“……Ok.”

Na YuNa immediately put the circlet on. The circlet did not lose against Na YuNa’s transcendental beauty, and even made her look better while emitting bright light. Of course, the protection ability was on as well.

“Pretty?”

“Who do you think made it, of course it’s pretty.”

Yu IlHan replied with not a lot of wits as if to prove he was single from his birth, as he laid Kang MiRae on the sofa. Na YuNa grudgingly followed him.

“I know you fell for me.”

“Please dream when you sleep.”

Yu IlHan also grumbled and sat on the opposite sofa to Kang MiRae. Yumir followed him and sat on his laps.

“And so? Why is Miss MiRae like this? Did something happen while I was away?”

“Although I think I know the reason, but I’ll keep it secret to remain her friend~.”

Now he wanted to know even more. Thinking about how he should ask about it again later, the angels also rushed out from the other side.

The problem was that the one at the front, Liera, had flown to him naked with water all over her body, perhaps due to the panic.

[IlHan, the third! It’s the 3rd Great Cataclysm!] (Liera)

“I also know about it so get dressed up properly.”

Since Yu IlHan had seen her naked body quite a few times already due to various circumstances, this was nothing new. Even while sighing, he helped Liera wipe her body and helped her to get dressed.

In the meanwhile, Na YuNa asked Erta in a whisper.

“That angel is making a move on Mr. IlHan, right~?”

[Yes, like how you always do.] (Erta)

“And Mr. IlHan is receiving it so naturally~?”

[Yes, like how he always does it with you.] (Erta)

“Eheheh, that’s nothing.”

[I wasn’t complimenting you!] (Erta)

Kang MiRae also regained consciousness while the group was in a mess. Her face was as red as ever, but there was at least no problems with having a conversation. Yu IlHan checked with her just in case.

“Are you alright? You don’t need to overdo it and can take a rest.”

“……Oh, no. I’m alright. Of course.”

He felt like Kang MiRae was avoiding his gaze. Of course, other people not looking at him was a quite frequent thing, so Yu IlHan decided not to mind.

What he needed right now was information on the current situation on Earth as well as the matters that were happening inside it.

However, it looked like the ones with Yu IlHan right now, really wanted to know what Yu IlHan was doing for the past 2 years. Yu IlHan could only explain the outline of the situation.

“You were…… trapped in a dungeon?”

“And so, I trained like mad for two years to kill the boss, but became lucky in the meantime and was able to get out before I could clear it.”

The words were like a hit on the back of their heads, as they thought that he was doing some heroic stuff in some other world somewhere.

“…….Alone inside a dungeon for 2 years?”

“No, the angels were with me so it wasn’t exactly alone.”

“But even so……”

Yu IlHan didn’t feel anything when he said that, since he treated angels as they were on the same level as him, but Kang MiRae and Na YuNa who couldn’t do that yet, could only imagine how he had endured in a place he called hell.

“So, let’s talk about the 3rd Great Cataclysm now. I have no idea what happened on Earth for the past 2 years.”

Of course, to Yu IlHan, it was a good thing since he could grind in the dungeon. Rather than that, the 3rd Great Cataclysm was much more important. Kang MiRae opened her mouth with an awkward expression.

“So…… while you weren’t here, Mr. IlHan, the growth rate of Earth for the past two years was insane.”

“I did predict that was happening.”

“Fundamentally, there is an incomparable quantity of mana compared to the other worlds, and so, the frequence of monsters are overwhelming, and the growth of the people were extremely fast as well. Normally, in other words, there should have been many people who shouldn’t have reached 2nd class due to their limitations in talent, but the more good weapons from Vanguard gets sold……”

Yu IlHan’s auctioned items were the advanced ones only, the ‘standard equipment’ sold by Vanguard, were sold to various worlds as they were still items that were very valuable in the front lines.

As a result, the class missions that each of these people could never hope to accomplish with their ability, easily cleared those missions with the equipment and proceeded to the next class.

As such, becoming 2nd class became the minimum requirement to join clans right now on Earth. Had it been any other worlds, it would have been unimaginable.

Of course, this much, Yu IlHan had predicted. Protecting Earth would become smoother if the average battle power of the people was raised.

However.

“As you probably know, the development of Earth will speed up the more humans develop on it. Like going into the fire from the frying pan, the people who achieved sufficient levels also opened gates to the worlds that connected to their worlds, and many people flowed into Earth as well…..”

Numerous gates opened in each countries, and in that process, mana that composed that world mixed with that of Earth. They stimulated each other through various reactions like repulsion, fusion, and rejection, and called for a result that accelerated Earth’s growth.

“So, you mean to say that the entire multiverse is helping Earth’s growth?”

“Even listening to the people of other worlds, and from the notices from the angels, we’re only seeing signs of the 3rd Great Cataclysm for now. But at this rate, it would happen in 3 months, and even 1 month if it’s fast……”

Yu IlHan could only smile bitterly. He thought that he could finally have a nice rest after suffering in that dungeon, but now it was the 3rd Great Cataclysm already. Really, he was blessed with work or something.

[If Earth, that achieved a level of a 3rd Great Cataclysm just after its 2nd, experiences its third……] (Liera)

[That dungeon weighs on my mind as well. Really, Earth is full of trouble. When are we going to solve all of this.] (Erta)

“We worked a lot until now. We don’t have to think so hard about it, probably.”

It was still the 3rd Great Cataclysm. When monsters invaded, then he would only defeat them all. Of course, there was a need to strengthen the Bittersweet Persona using the ability of magic engineering he had digested until now.

“But the real problem is in other places.”

“Other places?”

Yu IlHan’s ears perked up, even though he was quite relaxed when he heard the words ‘3rd Great Cataclysm’.

[Was there something else? There was nothing special on the reports other than the 3rd Great Cataclysm.] (Spiera)

[Connections with Abandoned Worlds, maybe? No, it looks like that’s everyday life for Earth right now. Earth is like some candy that attracted ants right now.] (Liera)

“Hey, it makes me sad so don’t speak about it. And so, Miss MiRae, what is it?”

Kang MiRae didn’t know what to say and hesitated even though she had brought up the topic, and looked at the three angels with him before closing her eyes.

“In truth….. other than the Abandoned Worlds, it looks like enemies are preparing to attack Earth.”

“Oh yeah, the Army of Brilliant Light and Destruction Demon Army didn’t come up yet.”

At first, Yu IlHan thought that the dungeon he went to was a scheme of theirs as well, but he over thought that. That space which was full of ‘will to not let any others in’, was not suitable to attack others.

“What are those fuckers doing again? Shouldn’t we move immediately?”

“Ah, no. We just finished one as well…… Mother will explain.”

“Then it’ll be better if I heard from…… huh?”

Yu IlHan asked back before he could finish his sentence.

“Mother, you say……. is your mother also?”

“Ah, no. Not my mother but yours……”

Kang MiRae’s cheeks reddened again. Yu IlHan couldn’t possibly imagine the connection between his mother and Kang MiRae, and tilted his head, when his mother did indeed show up at the entrance of the mansion.

And, she had the appearance from his pre-school days, and didn’t look to be that far apart from Kang MiRae.

“Just what happened here!?”

“It was your mother who told us about this matter in the first place. She helped us a lot over these two years as well……”

“Mother is awesome~!”

Yu IlHan, who felt dizzy with all this information from Kang MiRae and Na YuNa, first let her inside, and faced her with very complicated eyes.

“Mom……?”

“It’s not that you came to the past, nor did I come from the past.”

“Whoa!”

Yu IlHan could only acknowledge her now. Only she (and Liera) could read him so easily!

“I did predict that mom was strong…..”

“What’s the problem if you did?”

“I never imagined you were that strong.”

Yu IlHan scratched his head in embarrassment. From some time onwards, he thought that Earth would be doomed without him, but perhaps that was arrogance on his part.

But then, it would be good if she helped out a little earlier… Yu IlHan grumbled a little, but there was something to do before he went to that topic.

“Uh…… I’m back.”

“Yes, son. Welcome back.”

His mother made a bright smile and hugged him.

Other than the fact that they looked more like siblings than mother and son, it was quite an emotional reunion.



Chapter 182

Looking at his mother sitting across him on the sofa, Yu IlHan was about to say something but shook his head.

“What is it?”

“It’s nothing, nothing at all.”

At this point, he was sure that Kim YeSeul also had experienced something similar to Yu IlHan himself and Yumir. Otherwise, no matter how genius of a woman she was, there was no way she could be like that right now.

Although Kim YeSeul was not saying anything, in Yu IlHan’s eyes, it looked like she was just before 4th class. In other words, her level was similar to his own.

Although it was no boast, Yu IlHan could not accept that anyone else other than him had digested a schedule as hard as Yu IlHan. It was only possible for him as he had the foundations from the thousand years of training.

No amount of talent would explain Kim YeSeul. However, she did not speak of the reason. It was probably the same as why he didn’t talk about his thousand years of dropout period.

There was definitely not so simple reasons behind this. Yu IlHan thought that he didn’t have the qualifications to ask her about that.

“And so, what is this that you’re about to tell me?”

“It’s a magic formation.”

Like the time she did with Kang MiRae and Na YuNa, Kim YeSeul opened her interspace.

Yu IlHan was worried that the angels may go on a rampage with such a scene in front of them, but he was worried for nothing. From the point they had warped back to the mansion with the advanced version of the Leap skill, their comprehension ability had gone through a fundamental change.

[What is that woman doing?] (Liera)

[Think about how we came back here. I can accept that easily right now.] (Erta)

[You became strong, Erta.] (Liera)

[So she was hiding her ability. Truly capable.] (Spiera)

He laughed when he heard the angels, but was still captivated by the magic formation that came out of Kim YeSeul’s interspace. He could feel the malicious intent behind it even though he knew that it had lost all its power.

“Just what……. is?”

“It’s a long story…….”

Kim YeSeul had told him everything about how she first found this formation in the world she had gone to, and how she discussed that with Kang MiRae and Na YuNa, as well as how they found those magic formations in each of the worlds and finally how they found people who cooperated with fallen angels, and they proceeded to destroy them.

“As the number of worlds connected to Earth, increased, it really became a mess since the number of people they (fallen angels) can meet had drastically increased.”

“Moreover, considering the defensive ability of the formation, and the weight of this incident, we can’t exactly ask for help from others.”

“Rather than unable to ask for help….. everyone was so busy~.”

In these 2 years, the average level of the people of Earth had risen by about 20. There were more than 70% of those that had no will to fight, so really, it was an absurd increase.

“Even so, you four went around so many worlds? To destroy this magic formation that you don’t know was doing? For two years?”

“It was sure that it was the joint work of the Army of Brilliant Light and the Destruction Demon Army. Moreover, didn’t you also say to not trust the angels? There was the one with YuNa too…… and so, I couldn’t bare to consult the Heaven’s Army about this formation.

[Ugh, at this point, I’m wondering if Army of Brilliant Light was planning to sow discord between the angels and the humans in the first place.] (Liera)

While Liera sighed, Yu IlHan thought that there was a need to tell Kang MiRae, who had misunderstood his words, and spoke.

“The reason why I said not to believe in the angels is because they can’t do anything even if you do, not because I’m worried about some random traitors among their ranks!”

[You, come with me to the rooftop.] (Liera)

“……And although unintentional, we could also grow a lot while destroying a lot of things by going around to other worlds, in these past 2 years.”

Definitely, he didn’t notice for a moment, since the incident with his mother had too big of an impact, but Kang MiRae and Na YuNa had high levels as well. 150, or perhaps, they were nearing 160. Of course, Yumir was outclassed.

“IlHan, do you know the angels privately?”

“Yeah. There were some circumstances. There are three of them here too.”

Yu IlHan lightly subdued Liera, who was clinging to him, with his both arms and extended her out towards his mother. No matter how an ordinary human could not recognize angels, they could only recognize if the angels intentionally showed their presences.

Spiera and Erta also didn’t show themselves normally against other people, but they couldn’t help but do so since Liera’s embarrassment was shown to the others.

“Oh my.”

Kim YeSeul was no different from a housewife other than the fact that she could use magic well, so she was very surprised when she saw the three angels that showed themselves so suddenly.

However, what she paid attention to was not that the three angels appeared out of nowhere, nor was it that they had rings above their heads and had a single or two pairs of wings on their backs.

[Hello? I’ll thank you for raising my IlHan to be such a cool man.] (Liera)

It was that the three all had beauty that transcended the realm of humans, were close with Yu IlHan, and what’s more, the prettiest one of them was inside Yu IlHan’s arms!

“My heart was almost decided, but there’s suddenly such an attractive variable!”

“Mom, don’t go saying strange stuff, and let me have a closer look at the formation.”

Yu IlHan first let go of Liera and looked at the formation, but in fact, his expertise lay in applying magic language in magic engineering, and not using the magic itself. So his interpretation was very unstable. No matter how he looked at it, there was not much of a meaning in the magic formation itself. Just what was this being completed into? He first called on the most talented one among the angels in regards to magic.

“Erta, can you understand this magic formation?”

[I was also having a look by your side……. but it’s true that the language of Heaven is used in some parts, but I do not know any more. It is violently twisted. But what I could understand that this magic formation has a very, very high secretiveness. To the point that it’s more effective against us angels than humans.] (Erta)

The point was that she couldn’t understand the intention behind the formation. Yu IlHan looked at Kang MiRae and made the expression that asked her if she understood now. Angels were actually useless!

“Forget it. If we don’t know, then we can only break all of them. Let me in on it now.”

“Will you be fine, Mr. IlHan?”

“Yes.”

Yu IlHan knew very well what Kang MiRae was worried about. And precisely because of that, did he make a more confident expression while replying.

“I’m fine.”

A rest once in a while? Modifying Bittersweet Persona? Although he made a big fuss about it, the matters Yu IlHan tried to do on Earth were all doable in less than one second.

Well, because Yu IlHan was in possession of the Hourglass of Eternity!

He had used the Hourglass of Eternity repetitively over the years, and in that process, levelled up and attained a lot of achievements, and finally, as his knowledge in magic engineering became higher, he could more efficiently and more strongly use the Hourglass of Eternity.

Although it was a little, the delay had been decreased, while the duration of the barrier increased, again, by a little, and finally, the area of the barrier increased by a lot! So, it was more than possible for him to put this entire region under the barrier!

[You’re just using OP equipment to act OP.] (Liera)

“Shut up.”

He pushed away the angels and stood up. He did ponder about whether to solve what was in front of him first, or to activate the hourglass, when he thought about it, it wasn’t even time yet for him to activate it again.

“I really wish they have a reason this time. The reason why these fuckers keep annoying me.”

[It’s not you but the Earth that they’re trying to annoy.] (Erta)

“Exactly, that reason. I still don’t know why they’re doing that.”

It was natural for monsters to go against people. However, Yu IlHan really couldn’t understand why those high and mighty higher existences wanted to poke their heads in this small and stuffy world.

However, Liera’s reply was a masterpiece.

[Huh? Their aims are quite clear now.] (Liera)

Yu IlHan shouted as if he was a mafia that just got stabbed on the back by a bro he trusted.

“You should have said if their aim was clear!”

[It’s Earth. They’re aiming for Earth.] (Liera)

“Why, did they hide some treasure or something?”

[It will evolve into a treasure chest soon. At this rate, it is not that far away.] (Liera)

She took a deep sigh before continuing.

[Earth will be reborn as a higher world. To us higher existences, they’re resources that have incomparable value. I’m sure that they’re aiming for Earth itself.] (Liera)

[They probably predicted that Earth would become like this. We were just not aware of that until now.] (Erta)

“That’s a much more boring reason than I expected!?”

However, it was at the same time, the reason he could accept. Why did mankind continue to war in the endless history of time? Although there were cases where they were disguised as religious beliefs or global justice, they were fundamentally about the land and the resources in it!

[Once it becomes a higher world, it will become a truly tiring thing. They would be able to invade all they want and use their powers since restrictions would not apply anymore, and once that happens, they will try to wipe out the humans on it and try to conquer it.] (LIera)

[And that’s why the Heaven’s Army exists.] (Erta)

Once Earth leaped into a higher world, then the Heaven’s Army would go all out against the Destruction Demon Army and the Army of Brilliant Light in order to protect it. Immeasurable amount of blood will be shed, but they would not back off. That was the path they had chosen!

Looking at their serious expressions, Yu IlHan asked in a nonchalant voice.

“I’m thankful that you’re finally doing what you’re paid for, but Earth is gonna be in a mess in that three way war, no?”

[Perhaps it will not be a three way war. The Garden of Sunset may interfere as well. You can just consider this world being flipped over entirely.] (Spiera)

[But isn’t it fortunate that you have other worlds to find haven?] (Liera)

“Are you serious…..”

To Yu IlHan who was thinking about how to deal with these people, Kang MiRae spoke with a bitter smile.

“They’re correct. We’ll be able to reduce casualties that way.”

“But the reason things became like this-.”

[Don’t worry too much about it. In our viewpoint, it will be very soon, but in your shoes, it should be a story far off in the future.] (Liera)

“Do you guys really have to become serious only after it happens like the day after tomorrow or something? I’m not believing in your ‘don’t worry’s anymore.”

From the time he was left alone on Earth for a thousand years, he had resolved never to believe in words like ‘predictions’, ‘time’, ‘promise’, and other words of the sort that talked about the future. Even God makes mistakes, how good would others do?

He only valued what had already happened, and what was happening right now. At least he won’t get himself into trouble that way.

‘The problem is that life becomes tiring. Like me now.’

Grumbling no small amount internally, he prepared to leave. Well, ‘preparing’ was over with just switching his gown into armor. Na YuNa couldn’t catch a glimpse despite glaring at him, but couldn’t see and was frustrated. Not that Yu IlHan cared anyway.

“Then let’s go immediately. Let’s first check if there’s something similar on Earth…… Really, are there no angels I can put trust in?”

[The 3rd Great Cataclysm is coming anyway. Let’s just announce it officially and bring all the angels. Then they won’t be able to do anything suspicious. It’s plenty possible with three angels from the ones in charge of Earth, are taking one side.] (Liera)

Of course, it could be seen how much of a mess Heaven operated in, seeing how all three of them were Yu IlHan’s contracted angels. However, at that moment.

[Uh, Liera? It looks like that will be impossible, unfortunately.] (Erta)

[Why?] (Liera)

[I just got called, and it looks like……] (Erta)

Erta spoke with slight panic, joy, and a little difficulty in her voice.

[……I’m being promoted.] (Erta)



Chapter 183

Erta didn’t want to leave when the 3rd Great Cataclysm was just around the corner, but she couldn’t let go of this chance of promotion. Moreover, wouldn’t she be of more help to Yu IlHan, if she came back as a 6th class?

“Although I don’t think you’ll help even if you become 6th class, it doesn’t help with you here anyway, so don’t worry about anything.”

[You could have sent me off nicely! Did you really have to do that?] (Erta)

Grumbled Erta, but it was true that she felt a little more relaxed now thanks to him.

[Take care while I’m not here. Liera, I’ll be back soon.] (Erta)

[Nah, you don’t have to come back. I’ll live happily ever after with IlHan, so all you need to do is prepare the gift.] (Liera)

[I’ll come back ASAP after the promotion so don’t even think about it!]

However, immediately after Erta left the place, Spiera also unfolded her wings while scratching her scarlet hair. Yu IlHan finally noticed that the ring above her head was undulating vibrations and light non-stop.

[So 2 years were too long after all…… It looks like they’re short on hands up there. Although I’m sorry when I am in a contract with you, but it looks like I’ll also have to leave.] (Spiera)

Yu IlHan ended up smiling.

“Ok, off you go then. Don’t forget to buy ice-cream on the way back.”

[Why every time…] (Liera)

[I’ll mobilize all the angels when I first go up there. I really wish we can get rid of the traitors once and for all this time……] (Spiera)

With Spiera gone as well, the already large mansion felt even bigger. Yu IlHan felt a little sad after realizing that spending two years with them made their presences natural around him. Although, there was still one left.

“And you, Liera?”

[I’m going to be by your side even if I die.] (Liera)

Then perhaps she was quite free? There was no way that was true. The ring above her head was also signalling non stop while flashing.

Although it was quite easy to forget, Liera was also a full-fledged high angel of 6th class. Right now, she had a higher position not just in strength, but in the Heaven’s system of authority and work.

Even if her main job was to be a guardian angel, there was no way she didn’t have work after leaving for 2 years. Well, that was supposed to be the case…

“Don’t you have to answer that?” (Kim YeSeul)

“Liera……?”

[Ei.] (Liera)

Just as when everyone’s gaze was focused on the undulating ring of light, she grabbed it and snapped it in half!

[There, no more calls now.] (Liera)

“Is that really fine!?”

[It’s the same as having turned it off.] (Liera)

“That doesn’t seem ‘off’!? You just broke it!”

Liera didn’t answer him but got closer to him instead.

[I don’t know what might happen at any time. So I’m going to stay by your side forever. I’m not leaving you. That’s my mission as a guardian angel.] (Liera)

“……”

Yu IlHan became speechless. It seemed like the incident where they were put in a place where even the Heaven’s Army could not reach, had remained has a light trauma for her.

At the time, the angels were grumbling about how they couldn’t return, but perhaps Liera was thinking about something else at the time.

In any case, their relationship had continued for more than a thousand years. Yu IlHan was not confident with his relationships with other people, but he knew that Liera was treating him as special. He was very thankful to her for it.

[Eheh, I feel sooo better with all the calls gone.] (Liera)

“…….Then do whatever you want. But do receive the calls that come from Heaven.”

[Yup! I’ve set it to away mode!] (Liera)

“Away mode!?”

She laughed it off lightly, but it shouldn’t have been an easy decision for her. Yu IlHan decided to respect her decisions. In fact, he felt better now with her by his side.

However, Yu IlHan left her hanging on him without pushing her away, when Kim YeSeul, on the other side, had shiny eyes.

“My, my.”

“…….I know what you’re thinking but it isn’t that. We’re like siblings.”

“Mother does not remember having such a beautiful daughter. Though, I’d love to have her as a daugher in law!”

“Like I said, there are no women who likes your son!”

Yu IlHan denied that, but Kim YeSeul didn’t seem to believe it. To her, anyone was a potential daugher-in-law if they were pretty and had the ability, regardless of whether they were higher existences or not!

Not only her, Kang MiRae and Na YuNa’s eyes on the two were also very wide. Yu IlHan shook his head to deny what they were thinking, but Na YuNa spoke in a small voice while pouting.

“Traitor.”

“No way.”

Perhaps another world other than Earth was running inside Na YuNa’s head. What were they called again……? – Yu IlHan thought about such useless things again, and stood up. In the first place, they were the ones who rushed into the mansion saying it was urgent.

“Since we’ve set a target, let’s go work now.”

“So dad is going to destroy formations with us too?”

“No, unfortunately, not ‘with’ you.”

Yu IlHan shook his head.

“We need to divide up the work. It won’t be efficient for all of us to be together in the same place.”

Despite having so many allies, Yu IlHan’s thought process was still that of a loner’s. Of course, it was also a reasonable decision, in consideration for efficiency.

“Then I need to be apart from dad again?”

“Don’t worry since we won’t be apart for forever. We’re going to see each other soon.”

“Even so…….”

Thinking about how they had to separate just after they met, Yumir’s eyes started tearing up. So Yu IlHan patted on the head.

“Hiing.”

“If this works out, we’ll be free for a while too. Let’s endure it for now.”

He failed. Although he thought that everything was fine since Yu IlHan himself was fine in the 2 years in the dungeon, it wasn’t like that.

He did not know that other people missed him as much as he did others. Until now, there was no such occasion in the such place.

However, it wasn’t like that now. Yu IlHan realized that. It felt quite ticklish, but at the same time, joyful.

“I promise. I won’t go anywhere by myself from now on.”

“Really?”

Even though he was making a promise with Yumir, the eyes of all the others had lighted up as well. Seeing them, he smiled and nodded his head.

“Yes, really. I will come back to this mansion.”

“Okay, I’ll believe you then.”

While Yu IlHan was making a promise with Yumir, Kang MiRae and Na YuNa were communicating with there eyes. That, rather than signals between friends, was more ruthless, akin to those between wanderers in the desert.

“But we do need a person to support Mr. IlHan, and it will be best if I stay by his side since I’m a mage.”

“There’s no real need for a mage to destroy magic formations. Rather than that, isn’t a priestess better?”

“Oh, I’ll just go-.”

“” NOT, alone.””

“Yes, ma’am.”

It looked like these women also had experienced a lot of things other than just those that are explicable by levels and skills. Yu IlHan felt awkward and took a step back, and remembered something he had forgotten about until now.

“What of the elves and the wolfkin?”

“Ah.”

Kang MiRae made a difficult expression.

“They were busy there 2 years ago, but they became even busier from a while ago. Unfortunately, it will be hard to request them for help. Rather, it’s at the point that I think we should help them instead.”

“Where’s ‘there’?”

“Dareu~~. Where elves are the mainstream race.”

Added Na YuNa. While Yu IlHan was still not in understanding, Kang MiRae explained in kind.

“The 4th Great Cataclysm arrived in Dareu. The elves headed there to protect their kin, and the wolfkin are helping them.”

“Is that so…….?”

Yu IlHan absent mindedly nodded his head.

However, the moment he fully comprehended her words, he couldn’t help but shout out.

“The FOURTH Great Cataclysm!?”

[Ah, that’s it. The development speed of the elves were indeed fast, but I never thought that they would be at the point of a Great Cataclysm. Perhaps clearing out all the dragons played a role?]

The 4th Great Cataclysm was the highest stage a lower world could reach. Going beyond that will be the realm of higher worlds. If the intelligent species were unable to hold out, they would die out, and if they endured, but could not develop themselves any further, then they will forever stay at that stage.

But to think Dareu had undergone the 4th Great Cataclysm with just around a thousand people there… Yu IlHan carefully thought that perhaps Dareu was just before the 4th Great Cataclysm when he went there.

The 4th Great Cataclysm. A lot of 4th classes will be born. Although he didn’t want to think that it will be more hectic than the current Earth, perhaps…..

“God dammit.”

“Although we want to help, we have our hands full here……”

“But in fact, we don’t even need to help them~. All the wolves from Kiroa went over to Dareu. They were levelling up like mad.”

Even though the elves and the wolfkin were his subordinates, he thought that he couldn’t bare to bring them here even after hearing that they were facing off the 4th Great Cataclysm. Like what Kang MiRae had said, he rather wanted to go help them instead…….

‘Four of them. No, six of them including Ericia and Flemir. I armed them with legend rank or better items so it should be fine I guess…… Paté has an epic that can control undead, so they should be able to limit the amount of casualties.’

However, the verb ‘limit’ was a very evil word, as it meant that casualties were factored in. Yu IlHan hated himself a little for thinking like that.

When he turned his head around after a sigh, since he couldn’t think of any countermeasures, he saw the gate to Dareu in his mansion. Although there were no people around the gate, Yu IlHan had made an artifact that inserted mana into the gate by gathering them up from the mansion, so it was maintained perfectly.

“Worst case scenario, they should just push the monsters out the gate, and the mansion will handle them all.”

“They probably did that a few times already~.”

[In the monsters’ view, the gate connecting to Earth may as well be their path to hell.]

“Just what is the identity of this mansion……?”

“Secret.”

Yu IlHan shook off his mother’s question, as well as his worry about the elves and the wolfkin. He decided to not mention about how this mansion will become stronger in the future, for the sake of everyone’s health.

In the end, the person that would go with Yu IlHan, was decided to be Na YuNa. The vicious rock-paper-scissors between her and Kang MiRae which had continued over 30 matches, had ended in her victory with 3 wins, 30 draws, and 2 losses.

“I won~!! Yes! It’s a date with just the two of us!”

[Fufu, wanna try saying that again?]

“Sheesh, you were with him for 2 years.”

Na YuNa nonchalantly replied to Liera’s threat, and Kang MiRae bit on her lips without showing Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan was going through an unprecedented peak popularity of his life, but unfortunately, only he wasn’t aware of that fact.

“If it’s decided, then let’s go. Wait, before that.”

Yu IlHan took out some things from his inventory and laid them out. Each and every one of these ‘things’ would cause an uproar in any world!

“What’s all this? Please introduce me to the dungeon you went to~.”

“I made these during spare time in the dungeon.”

“Such treasures……”

“In spare time…….”

The table in the living room was topped off with glowing objects everywhere. He distributed them out to the members.

“I should’ve made more mage equips if I knew you were a mage mom. But since it’s urgent, use this for the time being.”

The item Yu IlHan gave her while saying that was an epic ranked staff as well as an epic ranked robe. Kim YeSeul blinked her eyes non stop when she received those.

“Since it’s urgent, you say……?”

“It’s epic, but I really don’t like the stats…… It has an option that enhances magic other than elemental magic, but there are really no offensive magic in non-elemental magic.”

“That’s what you mean.”

However, amazingly, Kim YeSeul was a mage who could not use elemental magic. Although according to her words, it was due to her lack of talent, but in Kang MiRae’s view, as someone who had seen her interfere with space and time, she only found that absurd.

In any case, the artifacts Yu IlHan had made all found their respective owners. The weapons and armor were all epic, and the accessories were all legend.

“Although I knew my son was amazing….. to think it’s this much. With this, perhaps we may actually be able to…”

Kim YeSeul had the most inferior equipment, and had her fighting power increase by two times in an instant. And considering her level and skills, two times was an absurd number. Kang MiRae and Na YuNa were not that much different.

“No way…….”

“FIVE…… options?”

Yu IlHan made amazing equipment even before, but the items in front of the women’s eyes right now were on a completely different level. Of course, that was a part thanks to Yu IlHan’s explosive growth in magic engineering, and a part thanks to the fact that he had made them using the materials from the demons he had got from the ‘hell’ dungeon.

Exceptional ability met exceptional materials, so there was no need to talk about the result.

[And there are craftsmen who can’t even make legends with a magic stone from a higher existence…]

“With these, I think I can even hunt 4th classes alone now……”

“Oh, Miss YuNa, if you get your hands on some holy stones, embed it on that socket, and it will automatically mana craft and add an extra option.”

“Magic engineering is amazing!”

“You gave us such amazing equipment, but why is yours the same?”

Asked Kang MiRae while tilting her head. Looking at the accessories on his ears and neck, it seemed like he did indeed make them anew, but his armor looked to be the same as before. However, Yu IlHan sighed as if he had waited for her to say that.

“The armor and aegis also somehow grew to epic rank……”

“They grow!?”

“I’m not really satisfied. I’ve almost mastered magic engineering, so I think I’ll be able to make my dream armor if I get my hands on a magic stone from a higher existence, but I haven’t find suitable ones yet……”

“……”

“……”

Everyone turned silent.

Just what had happened in the 2 years he was away, they… did not want to ask.



Chapter 184

The party comprised of Na YuNa and Yu IlHan, which made people wonder how such a combination was possible, was unexpectedly getting off quite well. The reason was simple – Na YuNa was not noisy.

“Then I’ll search now~.”

“Then please.”

Perhaps even she differentiated the time to rest easy with her allies, and the time to work hard. Well, they did repeat this process for the past 2 years, so she wouldn’t have been able to stay immature all the time.

While Yu IlHan was thinking of something slightly rude, Na YuNa raised her staff and struck on the ground. Holy power, in a scale incomparable to any, thanks to the blessing of the goddess, came into contact with the lands and read through the records.

“Lady Leytna, would you please.”

The scene of pink holy power covering Na YuNa, her staff, and the surrounding regions was very grand and beautiful. As she wasn’t being noisy like usual, she even looked ‘holy’!

Yu IlHan felt his heart thump while looking at Na YuNa concentrating with her eyes closed, before quickly denying himself. He only felt nervous because a certain someone was acting unusual!

The process ended not long after. The mana gathering towards Na YuNa seem to increase, before it all scattered at once to all directions.

Then, she opened her eyes. She made a slight smile towards Yu IlHan, before raising her staff to point towards one direction.

“The direction is around there, I guess~. We’d be able to go if we break through everything in our way.”

“So holy power could do such magic…… but are you really sure?”

“Of course! I’ve looked for them for 2 years. I have confidence in finding them now.”

[It should be different according to how much holy power she could bring out from a recorded god. Although it’s very annoying, that woman is first rate in that regard.]

“See? Fufu, aren’t I amazing?”

Na YuNa heard Liera’s words, and straightened her back while pushing out her chest, and said ‘ehem’. However, even that was much more meek than Yu IlHan had imagined. Yu IlHan tilted his head and spoke.

“You’re being strange. Miss YuNa.”

“You’re too much!”

“I don’t think you’re being your usual self.”

“Of course I’m not my usual self.”

Na YuNa replied while looking at Yu IlHan as if he was an idiot.

“I’m really excited right now.”

Excited? Leaving aside the reason, she didn’t look at all excited right now. In fact, Yu IlHan had misunderstood that she was feeling down because she was acting so meek. …….He couldn’t grasp whether she hid her feelings well or couldn’t.

“Then it’s fine.”

“Hey, sheesh. You should ask why I’m excited.”

“Hmph.”

Yu IlHan did not ask. He predicted that she would say nonsensical stuff again. Na YuNa grumbled since she didn’t like that, but still, she was much more meek compared to her usual self. And that made Yu IlHan feel strange.

‘Just what did she eat wrong?’

[Tch, I don’t like this.]

Only Liera, who saw through the situation a little, clicked her tongue. Of course, she would never tell Yu IlHan about that. She only tapped on Yu IlHan’s head in mini mode.

[You’re the bad guy.]

“Yes, yes. Everything’s my fault.”

Perhaps the reason why Na YuNa’s state was strange, the reason why Liera was not in a good mood, the reason why the 4th Great Cataclysm descended upon Dareu, as well as the reason why the 3rd Great Cataclysm was descending upon Earth was all his fault. Yu IlHan sighed again and confirmed with Na YuNa.

“Well, then. Now what do we do?”

“We need to go straight until we find the formation.”

Spoke Na YuNa in a joyful voice.

“The majority of the time is taken here! At the longest, we even took one month!”

“That’s one stupid labor.”

“But it’s fun. It’s like playing an RPG, meeting dungeons and bad guys on the way.”

“We don’t have so much free time.”

Yu IlHan sighed and approached her. When Na YuNa extended her hand with a smile, Yu IlHan grabbed it and asked.

“You can cast a shield magic on yourself, right?”

“Well, yeah, of course. But why……?”

“Then let’s fly.”

If it was close distance, even Yu IlHan would give up, but there was not much free time to enjoy the travel, when he had a much faster method.

“Then please excuse me.”

“Huh? Whah?”

While Na YuNa was absentmindedly blinking, Yu IlHan boldly lifted her body in two hands. This was the pose that husbands did a lot with their wives in weddings.

“Yay! The service is great!”

“Cast shield magic before it’s too late.”

The cheering Na YuNa felt seriousness in Yu IlHan’s voice and instinctively cast a shield on herself. And concludingly, that was a very wise decision. Yu IlHan had immediately activated leap to jump into the air!

“Ugyaaak!”

Screamed Na Yuna. Well, anyone would be like that if they jumped 5 kilometers into the air in an instant!

She was fine only because she had acquired an enhanced body and even cast shield magic on herself. Against normal people, Yu IlHan would be bringing them to their deaths, not to their destination.

“Oh, the effects are much better now that I’ve mastered it.”

“Mastered it!?”

Yu IlHan realized that he had jumped up too high, and finally remembered that he had mastered the Leap skill.

Mastering a skill was incomparable to the previous stage. Moreover, when evolved to a higher skill, the growth of the higher skill would also enhance the effects of the original.

Yu IlHan’s Deathgod skill also enhanced the effects of concealment the more its level rose. Yu IlHan had evolved Leap to acquire Warp, so the more he used Warp, the stronger Leap would become. Of course, it would be hard for him to use it, since the materials required were insane…….

“Then we’re going quickly.”

“Huh? Wait, faster than nowwaaah!”

Yu IlHan unfolded Ruin Calling, and shot shockwaves towards his back and repeated re-leaps several times to shoot forward. He was much faster than when he came up to the sky!

“Please go more softlyyy!”

[Tsk, you can’t even endure that.]

“How is it even posssibleee!”

It seems even the meeker Na YuNa couldn’t endure this, and screamed a sound that was more like it was from the mouth of a monster than from a beauty. Yu IlHan repeated re-leaps several times and accelerated even more while he said to her.

“You might bite your tongue. Just stay still until we arrive at the destination.”

“Shtupid! Ithiot!”

Looked like she bit her tongue already. Even while laughing, Yu IlHan sped up once again. With the mastered Leap and Ruin Calling, he had the confidence to not lose against any higher existence in speed!

[It’s much more than that!]

“Stop! Stooop!”

As a result, Yu IlHan achieved a new record of reaching the place of the magic formation in 6 minutes, contrary to Na YuNa’s expectation of more than a month. This was a world that was twice as big as Earth!

“Huiii.”

“Phew, that was refreshing.”

[So you finish it off with that line. You really are badass.]

Yu IlHan recovered his injured muscles (due to the consecutive use of Leaps) with Transcendent Regeneration, and bit on a cheerpack with Breath inside it. Meanwhile, Na YuNa shouted even while panting with both of her hands on the ground.

“You idiot! Stupid!”

“Do you want me to go alone as expected?”

“Idiooot!”

Yu IlHan turned his head around while laughing, after he saw that Na YuNa couldn’t use a better word than just idiot. By this time, Yu IlHan could also notice where this magic formation was.

No matter how well it was hidden, it was impossible to hide the form of the magic power. A magic formation containing pitch black magic power was slithering nearby them.

However, there was something else he was more concerned about.

“Hm, it seems like they’re at least pretending to sneak peek.”

[Are there humans nearby? Just clean them up.]

“Well, I can’t do that really.”

Yu IlHan shrugged his shoulders.

“It’s a higher existence. This guy has one pair of pitch black of wings, so he must be a 5th class fallen angel in the Army of Brilliant Light.”

[……. Why is such a guy waiting here? Did they perhaps predict that you would come here?]

“Well, perhaps they came to check the progress on their plan since the Great Cataclysm is coming soon.”

[If it isn’t that, they might be on patrol since they heard that there was a new variable. Is this plan that much important?]

The moment Erta and Spiera went back, the other angels should have been notified that Yu IlHan had come back. Her predictions were very reasonable. However……. traitors won’t be able to do anything reckless if they announce it publicly? Bullshit, they were no different from a leaking bucket!

“They should have caught notice of something like that. Sheesh.”

[IlHan, do your best! I’m always on your side!]

“That doesn’t help at all!”

Yu IlHan felt that it would be better if the Heaven’s Army just left the three angels with him, and retracted all others. At least the three angels with him would not betray.

[But there’s nothing that he can do to you, so don’t worry. Casting off one’s shell is only possible for the Destruction Demon Army. Fallen angels were once angels so they have no shell to cast out.]

“I know that. He doesn’t even notice that we’re here in the first place.”

Obviously, they were under concealment. Although he didn’t have a party-specialized title like Yumir, he was still a master of concealment. Concealing Liera and Na YuNa with him was as easy as pie.

“But…… hm.”

Yu IlHan thought for a moment in that spot. Then, he turned around to Na YuNa, who was still vomiting.

“It looks like it will be hard without a buff. Would you please give me your strongest one?”

“Uu, fine~.”

Na YuNa obediently gave him the buff he wanted even while she was agonized due to the sky travel that started off as a princess carry, but had no romance at all. Yu IlHan felt that his power had risen by 30% in an instant, and nodded in satisfaction.

“Hm, it’s no good as expected.”

[Don’t tell me you were trying to kill a higher existence? Don’t do it yet. The wall of a higher existence is not so simple!]

“I’m not so don’t worry. I also didn’t plan to go against them with just a mere 30% increase.”

Yu IlHan denied her and charged against their original objective for coming here, the magic formation. Even the fallen angel could not notice him. Naturally, the magic formation did not notice Yu IlHan’s arrival at all, and without any interference, he arrived right in the center of the magic formation, and struck with the pile bunker he had just taken out!

[Critical Hit!]

With that single strike, the magic formation disappeared without a trace. The pile bunker was only loaded to the 6th stage too!

“Wao…..”

Na YuNa forgot about the side effects of the flight and exclaimed. They had to fight for at least three minutes with Na YuNa herself, Kang MiRae, Kim YeSeul, and Yumir, at the same time, but this person just insta-crushed it!

“Mr. IlHan are you perhaps 4th class……?”

“No, I’m still 3rd.”

“Still…..? Wait, 3rd? Then if you become 4th class……”

The high-and-mighty (mentally) Na YuNa ended up falling into confusion. Yu IlHan pulled her up with a smile.

“Well then, let’s go.”

[Where’s that fallen angel? Now that your concealment wore off, he should recognize you, right?]

“Don’t look around so much, Liera. Nothing good comes out from me telling him that I noticed him, right?”

[That’s true, but……]

The fallen angel looked very panicked due to the sudden destruction of the formation. However, he didn’t do something useless like appearing out of nowhere and start lecturing nonsense in front of Yu IlHan, and just watched over him. He still believed that he wasn’t found out!

Yu IlHan felt like things would come to this. Although he didn’t believe that this guy would follow him over to Earth, he was probably planning to see what Yu IlHan was up to by sneaking peeks on him. Then…..

“Let’s take it easy on the way back. Come here.”

“……Even if you try to make my heart pound like that, considering the flight from before, it still adds up into a minus!”

“I never planned to do that.”

“Piih.”

Na YuNa sighed but still came over to Yu IlHan’s arms. Although she was grumbling on the surface, she had a smile on her face.

‘Don’t tell me this girl actually likes…… there’s no way that’s true.’

Yu IlHan barely came to himself just before he started a forever-loner’s sequence to deluding himself that someone liked him. Once he started misunderstanding here, everything would be over. He didn’t want any more dark history.

“Then let’s go slowly.”

“If MiRae knew we were doing this, she would try to kill me.”

[I want to kill you too right now.]

Yu IlHan lightly ignored Na YuNa and Liera’s words and flew up to the sky. He leaped lightly, and directed shockwaves to his back to rise steadily. Na YuNa became cheerful after she realized that their altitude was rising slowly.

“Yes, this is it! Finally it’s a little romantic.”

“I don’t want to shoot a romance video with you, though.”

“I know. I’m no idiot. I can’t stay unknowing when you keep staying no so much.”

Na YuNa suddenly acknowledged him. When he widened his eyes, at her acknowledgement, Na YuNa giggled and added.

“But perhaps I like you even more because of that.”

“Pervert.”

“You won’t be able to understand how I feel easily. However, I’m not lying so you can believe me. You’re much more attractive than you think you are.”

[Hey, I might as well send you on your way if you keep hitting up on him like that.]

“Send me away, lol.”

Yu IlHan had no intention to trust Na YuNa’s words, but it didn’t feel so bad. So, he decided to just pretend that he hadn’t heard it. Even in aspects like this, he was acting like a loner.

“But, Mr. IlHan.”

“I don’t bel….. why?”

“What are you doing since a while ago?”

Asked Na YuNa while looking at a spear falling on the ground. They were definitely from Yu IlHan’s inventory. And that wasn’t the only one. Not long after Yu IlHan had flown up, he was throwing spears on the ground periodically.

But although Na YuNa couldn’t see, the thrown spears were collected back into the inventory after killing monsters on the ground, on the sea, and in the air.

[So you’re training Absolute accuracy? I should have noticed when you were flying slowly. You training maniac.]

“No, training Absolute accuracy is just a side effect.”

Yu IlHan replied as if to blame Liera who still didn’t know him properly after all this time.

“I’m training the Deathgod skill.”

[……Huh.]

Liera replied.

[Since when were we under concealment?]

Yu IlHan replied with a smile. While aiming for the back of the fallen angel that had lost his target and was flying around aimlessly in the sky.

“At least, he wouldn’t know since when.”



Chapter 185

Like the God Zeus in the Greek mythology, Yu IlHan freely flew in the air and struck lightning on the ground. Continuously, without rest.

To the monsters who would be killed by the spears, it was a disaster, but he was also like Zeus in the way that he had a beauty in his hands.

“Sniff, sniff.”

“Hey, you’re no dog.”

“You won’t let me approach you so while I have the chance.”

[I should really just…….]

Though, there weren’t just one or two wrong things with the ‘beauty’, but he couldn’t just let her go here so he decided to hold it in. Well, if you asked him if he didn’t like it, it wasn’t quite like that either.

No, in fact, Yu IlHan was worried about when Liera would explode.

[Can I hit her on the forehead?]

“Please hold it. It will be a disaster if our concealment wears off right now.”

To be exact, the fallen angel that was flying around aimlessly would notice Yu IlHan’s location, and perhaps may realize what Yu IlHan was planning. He wanted to avoid that at all costs.

[But IlHan, didn’t you say you can’t touch a higher existence yet?]

“I did”

Replied Yu IlHan, but still took out seventeen spears and activated the absolute accuracy skill.

“Wow.”

The spear that fell from several kilometers high in the ground, fell at a strange angle to kill exactly seventeen monsters and before returning back to Yu IlHan’s inventory along with the dead monster, but due to Yu IlHan’s concealment skill, both the trajectory of his spear as well as the death of the monsters were concealed.

[Ugh, he shouldn’t have gone far……!]

This was too OP, but the fallen angel was still flying around aimlessly without noticing a thing. But from the fact that he was heading towards the gate connecting to Earth, he seemed to think that Yu IlHan was heading that way as well. Well, he just found Yu IlHan, there was no way he could report that he lost him due to concealment!

[I thought you said you won’t touch a higher existence. Then what are you doing right now?]

“Didn’t I say before? That I don’t even dare with just 30% increase.”

[That meant that you weren’t giving up but to increase the percentage!? With the Deathgod skill!]

“Correct.”

The Deathgod skill raised attack power when killing a monster while concealed (in other words, instakill), and now that it had reached level 88, he could raise his attack power all the way up to 80%. The activation conditions were so absurd, that it was only possible for Yu IlHan to do it in this entire universe!

“Is there really a fallen angel there~?”

“Yup.”

“Uu.”

Na YuNa, who was almost kidnapped thanks to the scheme of the ones colluding with the fallen angels, shivered at Yu IlHan’s acknowledgement. It was a rare weak side of her. No, wait. Yu IlHan felt quite weird since he saw what he couldn’t see of her before since the time he came back.

An ordinary man would confidently say “You can trust me!” or just silently increase the strength in his grip, but Yu IlHan was no ordinary man. He threw another twenty seven spears on the ground and replied.

“He won’t find us anyway.”

“Wao, how dependable…..”

He only told the truth! Here was a true capable man of this era.

[You have killed 104 monsters while you were concealed. All abilities increase by 78.45% due to the skill, Deathgod.]

“I guess this should do…..”

“Huh, I think that the mana inside Mr. IlHan is increasing.”

[That skill is so OP. It’s the top skill among all the higher skills.]

“I also think that.”

Before, only his attack power increased by 0.1% with a single kill, but now that he had raised the skill level, he could max out the ability with just over a 100 kills.

Yu IlHan took a deep breath while feeling the boiling power in his body. Since Na YuNa’s blessing was still in effect, there was nothing to hesitate now. No, he didn’t eat the magic stuffed cookie yet, so he ate one as well.

[Magic increases by 100 during the 2 hours that the effect of the cookie is in effect]

It was a clean 100. The effects of magic cooking increased as he had not been slacking on the cooking skill in the dungeon. Feeling his magic increasing, Yu IlHan finally took out Aegis to shield himself, and left one of them to hold Na YuNa.

“Please stay still.”

“Mr. IlHan~. Weren’t we just going to ditch him?”

“It’s a chance in a lifetime so I can’t help it.”

[Are you really going to kill him? Even though you didn’t kill the boss of that dungeon?]

“At that time, I couldn’t use the Deathgod skill. It was impossible to insta-kill each and every one of those monsters.”

[I guess that’s true……]

In fact, Yu IlHan’s power was quite restricted in that hellish dungeon.

He didn’t have any weapons that made him advantageous over the demons, nor did he have a priestess besides him like Na YuNa to buff him, and even the weakest mobs there were over level 250, so he couldn’t use his Deathgod skill, which could be said to be his main source of strength, at all.

He held out two years in that dungeon just with Angel’s support, magic engineering, and his physical body. Thinking about that, it was quite natural that he was trying to kill a higher existence right now. By simple calculations, Yu IlHan was at least more than 50% stronger than that time!

“I’m so scared. Can’t we just go back to Earth?”

“No harm will go your way, Miss YuNa. In a lower world like this, they can only use their powers for self-defense. It will only endanger me since he will be using his powers directly on me. Liera, is this right?”

[Yes. It is, but that means, that you’re more than just ‘in danger’!]

“It’s also you I’m worried about!”

Did Yu IlHan make another mistake? Even though Na YuNa and Liera were fighting all this time, they were in sync in condemning him this time.

He was thankful that more people cared about him, but Yu IlHan realized that there were more obstacles in his way precisely because of that.

“But I have to do this.”

Despite that, he did not step back. Rather than confidence in his ability, he had the conviction that he had to do this right now.

[IlHan, do you really have to kill that guy here?]

“Yeah.”

Nodded Yu IlHan.

“They rampaged too much. But if I kill one here, a lot of things would change.”

“Wao, such a villain! So cool!”

[Cool!?]

The reason why those damned fallen angels proudly strolled around lower worlds despite the fact that they couldn’t use their powers, was because there was nothing that could harm them in lower worlds. Lower existence were weak, and higher existences were restricted from action just like themselves.

However, what if a lower existence killed a higher one in an ambush? If that was known, then what would they think? Would they swarm to Earth in order to exact revenge on Yu IlHan?

[They will hide in fear. Their scope of action will be reduced in an instant.]

“At least they won’t come to Earth in the future…….”

“That’s it.’

Yu IlHan explained no more and turned around. His target was right in front of his nose. Flapping the pitch black wings, and trying to find any traces of mana ripples, a fallen angel was creasing his face.

[In fact, the Army of Brilliant Light are those that ran from Heaven, so they are the weakest among the higher existence factions.]

“That makes me unnecessarily relieved so don’t say it.’

No matter how weak the enemy was, he didn’t forget that the enemy was still a higher existence. What happened when he met the dragon-born higher existence belonging to the Destruction Demon Army? That guy just became a higher existence, but he overwhelmed Yu IlHan with just his presence alone, didn’t he?

Although Yu IlHan had become significantly stronger since that time, he was sure that he would taste defeat of that time if he lost his sense of that feeling. Wasn’t that why he was sharpening himself right now to do a one-turn kill?

[One turn kill!?]

“Tch, I would have been 100% sure if I learned the Great Cosmos-severing spear.”

He was getting a grasp over it, but was failing every time. If so, did he have to try an extreme fight with a higher existence and hope for a spark of insight? Unfortunately, Yu IlHan didn’t like to gamble.

“Fuuu.”

He checked that his Deathgod skill was still in effect, and activated the Superhuman strength skill. The level 99 Superhuman strength transcended beyond the limits of his physical body and enhanced it. Transcendent regeneration was also deployed to support the Superhuman strength.

He made the Aegis Na YuNa was on, fly far away, and then postured himself with the spear. The attack most suited to charging in the air was a pierce! Orochi’s voice of satisfaction came from the Eight-tailed dragon spear that was in resonance with his heart.

[Truly a hunt I like. You’re a master worth following.]

“I’m going to end this in one hit. I believe in you.”

[So you mean one hit.]

A 3rd class would never be able to approach a 5th class normally. However, Yu IlHan had too many elements of attack, and his attack preparation was like building up a castle.

Individually, the bricks, the windows, the roofs, the walls, they were all meaningless, but together, they made a sturdy castle.

Now, there were only three stages left. First is the white flames from the combination of purple flames, Eternal Flame, and Blaze. Since he had used that so many times over these two years, he could make it naturally as if it was breathing.

Next was Dragonic blood. The violent power belonging to Yumir, who was connecting to Yu IlHan; the origin of dragons transferred over to him and boiled. However, Yu IlHan left that alone for the moment What he was trying to enhance was not Blaze. With just that, he could not defeat that angel.

[……Fine. Go, IlHan. If it comes down to it, I will……]

“Your turn will not arrive. Just tell me if there’s any weakness on him.”

[The body of angels are based on the race they were prior to becoming an angel. If he’s an ordinary angel, then his brain and heart will be the weak points like all others.]

“Good, then…..”

However, Liera’s words hadn’t ended yet.

[However, fallen angels are slightly different. They are those that have completely pulled out the angel’s wings, and pulled out a new pair of black ones. So, any fallen angel has an unerasable scar on their backs. You should know if I say this much right? In fact, this information is also classified……]

“It’s more than enough.”

Replied Yu IlHan before placing even Liera on Aegis.

Then, he turned around and unfolded Ruin Calling without hesitation, and shot a shockwave at maximum power to deploy 6 consecutive leaps to shoot forward!

[Hm……!?]

So higher existence weren’t called that for nothing. The moment Yu IlHan neared him, the fallen angel seemed to sense a ripple in mana. However, Yu IlHan’s concealment wouldn’t be detected with just that!

“Fuu…… I can do it!”

The moment the tip of the spear flashed while aiming for his neck, Yu IlHan poured the power of the Dragonic blood into the essence of his thousand years of training, the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory!

“Huoooh!”

[Kergh!?]

The moment he was attacked, he recognized Yu IlHan’s presence, and the moment the conditions to activate his own powers were fulfilled, he cast the strongest shield magic and recovery magic right and there. It was an overwhelming control over mana only possible to higher existences!

[Khuuu……. This is absurd, how dare a lower existence……! You’ve made a big mistake!]

However, Yu IlHan, who had stacked four Aegis shields on his front immediately after his attack, was only laughing while seeing him use magic.

No matter how much magic he tried to use, it only made his body worse, and did not do much.

[Kergh, why does the recovery…… my wings……!]

“So that part becomes like that.”

[Wow, looks painful.]

Yes. Everything was too late. When Yu IlHan struck out with his spear with all his power and speed ‘once’, two strikes on the neck, two strike on the head, two strikes on the heart, and finally, two strikes on the shoulder blades for a total of ‘eight’ strikes was dealt.

Normally, the limit of Untraceable Trajectory was five strikes, but the dragon blood raised his martial art to a higher level momentarily!

[This is……. how did a lower existence……! You bitch of an angel…..!]

The fallen angel, who was inflicted with an irreversible life-threatening damage, kept vomiting black blood as he shouted.

With both the shoulder blades and heart done for, the magic organ was tangling his internal energy and making them berserk. Precisely because he once had the power of an angel, the damage was enlarged when the magic organ was crippled.

[A mere lower existence……! I’m a higher…..! Guaaak!]

Hearing the resentful words of the fallen angel, Liera made a nonchalant smile as she spoke.

[I can’t hear you cuz you’re a weakling who gets done in by a 3rd class.]

“Fuuu……Hey, your words do splash damage on me so please hold it.”

Yu IlHan, who had poured all of his power in his body in order to deal a strike that would pierce the overwhelming defenses of a higher existence, finally regained his strength to move his body, and replied grudgingly to Liera as he put his spear away.

Despite the fact that the fallen angel had no protective armor, he had such a hard physical body that the tip of the Eight-tailed dragon spear, which wasn’t damaged in any way until now, had completely been remoulded.

He was renewed of his awareness of higher existences. He was confident that he had become a lot stronger, but as he had expected, an up front 1 vs 1 was impossible. He thought that it was truly good to not have gone against the dungeon boss.

But after all that was said and done, he won. In whatever case, Yu IlHan was the victor here!

[You…… it’s already too late……. the Earth…..!]

“Hey, hey. Don’t drop out the important keywords and speak clearly if you’re going to do that at all! It’s always because you speak such obvious lines that you die as an extra like this, get it?”

[You must not make IlHan your enemy. You see that right? His mental attacks are stronger than his physical attacks.]

“Uh, yeah…..”

[Urgh, Khaaak!]

The fallen angel was literally ‘resentful to death’ thanks to Yu IlHan’s ‘final attack’. Yu IlHan put the body of the falling fallen angel into his inventory and cheered.

“Oh yeah!”

[He must be the only guy that cheers not because he won against a 5th class, but because he acquired the body…..]

“Wow… he really killed a higher existence.”

Yu IlHan cheered, and Liera was relieved and absurd simultaneously, and Na YuNa was flabbergasted due to the unbelievable achievement, when…

The Akashic Record appeared on his eyes and revealed the rewards of this achievement.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 307 Dmirel.]

[The skill, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, has become level 85.]

[You have mastered the skill, Superhuman strength. It is possible to fuse-evolve when the skill evolution criteria are fulfilled.]

[The skill, Dragonic blood, has become level 70.]

[You have acquired the title, ‘Untouchable’. All abilities increase by 20% when facing against a higher leagued enemy, and you are able to avoid an attack that can kill you in one strike.]

[You have become level 199. 5 Strength, 3 Agility, 3 Health, 4 Magic increases.]

[You cannot become level 200 prior to acquiring 4th class. All records acquired before the class will be calculated after the class is acquired.]

[With the achievements and records you have acquired until now as the basis, the path you can walk shows itself. Select a class. A befitting trial will be bestowed upon you.]

[ 1. Spear Master]

[ 2. Burning Lord]

[ 3. Little Giant]

[ 4. Hell Bringer]

Yu IlHan, had realized that higher existences were a very good source of experience.



Chapter 186

In a world they didn’t even know the name of, Yu IlHan, Na YuNa as well as Liera embraced the feeling of doing something that they shouldn’t have done, as well as a sense of accomplishment.

[So you did it. I should have known since the time you were killing 4th class dragons before 3rd class.]

“Wow, I still can’t believe it. Mr. IlHan was like this and shot out once but so many things happened…….”

However, that ‘once’ contained Yu IlHan’s everything. To speak of it, it was an attack with the weight and frustration of his thousand years of life. This could be said to be suited to Yu IlHan with the title ‘One hit for me, One hit for you.’

“But Liera, why is there no number on the experience?”

[Higher existences are all unique beings of their own, and have an enormous amount of records, so the Akashic Record cannot numerically evaluate that. If you kill more higher existences in the future, the amount of experience and record you will acquire will differ according to the affinity with their records you have.]

Higher existences perhaps worked in a different system altogether. Yu IlHan once again realized that he had done something amazing.

The title he just acquired, ‘Untouchable’, was also an evidence to this. He had not acquired such a title despite how many lower existences he had killed, but a single higher existence gave him such an absurd title. Well, of course, this will only take effect against those with a higher ‘league’ than him, in other words, a higher class than him, but that was good in any case. In the future, he would be able to decrease the number of higher existences more easily!

The fallen angel that fell in vain against his all-out charge, was probably an expert that had shook his world. Thinking about that, Yu IlHan felt even better.

“It would be good if I absorb his records fully and use it.”

[Uu, I don’t even know what will happen in the future. How long has it been since a lower existence killed a higher one? Perhaps you just may……]

Liera licked her lips as if she wanted to say something, but didn’t do so.

[……It’s nothing. Since you killed a higher existence, you must be at the limit of 3rd class, `right?]

“Yup, level 199 and class options listed.”

“Hiing~, at least run where I can see you. How on Earth am I gonna catch up?”

“Why do you want to catch up anyway?”

“……Sheesh, do you really have to make me say it again?”

Na YuNa blushed slightly, but still tried to say something while licking her lips. However, feeling something wrong, Yu IlHan immediately covered her mouth with his hands.

“*Vt*.”

“Don’t lick!”

In the first place, the reason why Yu IlHan was wary against this woman was because she was sweet to no end. So he didn’t believe her even more, nor did he take interest.

Perhaps there was an objective side to her, but the reason Yu IlHan ignored Na YuNa was not because she was bad or anything, but due to her twisted personality.

However, now that some time had passed, the sweetness she gave him had completely changed. She changed once, when she was abducted to an Abandoned World with Kang MiRae and Yumir, and changed once again once she met Yu IlHan again after he spent 2 years stuck in the dungeon.

It was a more fatal, but despite that, truthful and comfortable sweetness. Her changed self played a role in this, but Yu IlHan learning to accept other people’s good will was also a major factor.

Yu IlHan instinctively guarded himself against this. He was not used to receiving others’ affection yet. He was afraid that he would make a mistake, so he chose to not face any of them. This was put all grandly, but in the end, he was running away.

[So cute.]

“Shaddap.”

Yu IlHan replied to Liera who seemed to have read his mind, and took his hand off Na YuNa’s lips. Na YuNa glanced at Yu IlHan, but didn’t say anything. Unbelievably, she was a woman who knew when to back off.

[And so? How many options do you have?]

“Four.”

[There are still so many even though it’s the 4th class gateway… You really are amazing.]

Spear Master, Burning Lord, Little Giant, Hell Bringer. Two sounded self-explanatory, and the other two, he had no clue at all.

“Spear Master should be about the extremes of the spear, and Little Giant is probably related to Superhuman strength or Leap. Those two sound insanely strong.”

[Although they are not unique classes, the title ‘Master’ is not used lightly. Moreover, the word ‘Giant’ is also extraordinary for a human. It is highly probable that it has a relation to the higher version of the Superhuman strength skill. So you won’t fail even if you choose either of them. However,]

Liera said with a smile.

[You should know already, but one always acquired something bigger after walking through a more difficult path.]

“Yes, so it all comes down to this again.”

Considering the suffering he had been through during his 3rd class acquirement, perhaps it was alright to take a step back, but thinking about how he acquired an extreme ability like Blaze, he thought that this was the obvious choice.

“I can’t help it.”

He looked at the remaining two classes.

First, Burning Lord. Interpreting, this meant a ‘Flaming Monarch’ or something similar. It shouldn’t be some suicide bomber that burns everything including himself, but perhaps it was related to Yu IlHan’s ability in flame control.

With this, perhaps he could make his subordinates stronger and make the strongest army. And precisely because of that.

“It’s not my type.”

[Yeah, it isn’t suited to you.]

With that, there was only one option left. That was obvious, this was the one out of the four that looked like it succeeded the Deathgod-category class, Hell Bringer. Not stopping with bringing enemies to hell, this would bring hell upon the enemies.

“The class acquirement conditions should be ‘Hell’ too, right?”

[Perhaps it might require you to kill a higher existence…..]

“Huh? I thought that was obvious.”

[You’ve become stronger, IlHan……]

Yu IlHan had walked a thorny path from the moment he was dropped alone on Earth a thousand years ago. However, he chose the thorny path confidently, and without hesitation, yet again. Once his path was decided, he had to walk to the end even if thorns were stuck on his foot, and he bled. Never had Yu IlHan retreat.

But, the text that filled his eyes the moment he chose Hell Bringer, made him think that perhaps he didn’t choose a thorny path this time, but a path of white-hot iron.

[You have splendidly harmonized the ability as a Deathgod, and the ability to wield flames. Now, you possess the ability to not only use the flames of hell, but to bestow hell upon the land. However, that is not the end. You must prove yourself worthy.]

[You have to fulfill the following qualifications in order for the class to ascend.]

[Mastering the skill, Deathgod 0/1]

[Mastering the skill, Blaze 0/1]

[Mastering the skill, Soul enchant 0/1]

[Mastering the skill, Death collector 0/1]

[Mastering the skill, Transcendent regeneration 0/1]

[Mastering the skill, Extreme poison resistance 0/1]

[Mastering the skill, Higher curse resistance 0/1]

[Blessing of the goddess of fire 0/1]

[Killing 4th classes 0/1,000]

[Killing 5th class 0/1]

[4th class magic stone 19,443/100]

[5th class magic stone 0/1]

“……. Liera.”

Yu IlHan read down the list that made him breathless, and quietly asked Liera. As expected of the one that received the class mission of Hell Bringer, his voice seemed to be boiling in hell fire as well.

“Did you also have such bullshit requirements when you got your 4th class?”

[Uh…… hm…… Nope! There were no such absurd requirements like ‘must be blessed by a god’, even when I became a higher existence…….?]

Yes, Yu IlHan also thought that was the case. He thought that perhaps only he! Only he had more difficult class missions compared to others.

But with this, he was sure now. The thousand years Yu IlHan had piled up was taking real effect now. To the point that the Akashic Record was giving him such an insane mission!

“Hey! I’m about to fall in hell when I was supposed to call one!”

“Ooooh!”

Na YuNa thought that it was a cool joke, and clapped, but he was in no mood to joke around. He stared at her and she became quiet.

“Just what the hell is it going to do with all those mastered skills? I don’t see any unity in any of those.”

[Won’t a fusion skill that combines all of them, pop out? Fusion evolution increases exponentially in difficulty the more skills are needed as a ingredients. So thinking about that, it’s quite a profit……. no, sorry.]

Liera, who thought that this was still too much despite being a fusion skill, apologized. Yu IlHan sighed, and slowly went over the requirements again.

Perhaps the suffering of Yu IlHan’s past 2 years was seeing light. He thought that he could somehow do something about the skills. The biggest problem was the Deathgod skill and Blaze skill that were still under level 90, but if he focused exclusively on them, it won’t take that much time.

4th classes were no problem either. Would he fear a mere 4th class when he had just killed a 5th one, despite the fact that he had to make all sorts of preparation to do so? Just that, the number was a problem, but that could be solved with Yu IlHan opening the hell dungeon again.

The problem was everything other than that.

“Killing a 5th class and a 5th class magic stone. Considering the actual probability of a magic stone appearing……. Liera, do angels have magic stones too?”

Asked, Liera explained in a bright voice despite the fact that this applied on her as well.

[I told you about how humans don’t have magic stones right? That’s the same with other races that are considered ‘intelligent species’ such as elves. However, it becomes a different story once you escape the shell of a lower existence and become a higher one. One’s magic organ is completely transformed at that time.]

“In other words?”

[Angels usually have a magic stone in the brain or the heart. Fallen angels are the same. Of course, the probability of them actually having a magic stone, is quite low.]

“Good, Miss YuNa, close your eyes or turn your head away.”

“Yes~.”

Checking that Na YuNa had indeed turned her head away, Yu IlHan took out the body of the fallen angel in his inventory, and cracked open the head with the Eight-tailed dragon spear without hesitation.

However, amazingly, a half-translucent gem emitting violet light, had popped out. The moment Yu IlHan was charmed by the strange gem that was strange, but still had a mysterious attractiveness to it, some text appeared on his retina.

[5th class magic stone 1/1]

“Whoa!”

Shouted Yu IlHan in shock.

“There’s no way my luck is so good!”

[It make me sad too so please stop that?]

He was thinking about how long he had to take in order to acquire a 5th class magic stone, but now that an actual one appeared in front of his face, his thoughts derailed.

“Ugh, since it came to this, should I use it to make a weapon first? I think I’ll be able to fight against higher existences more easily that way.”

[No good of a weapon will replace your class change. It’s not like 5th class magic stones are pebbles on the ground, so keep it without using it.]

“Yes, ma’am……”

With one of his worries gone, there was only one thing he was worried about now – the blessing of the goddess of fire. The others, at least there was some guide to what he had to do, but he only knew that he would acquire the blessing once he attained one more achievement, but did not know what that was.

Since he had acquired the blessing of the god of smithing without knowing what fulfilled the criteria, this time won’t be that much different. In other words, there was no promise.

“In any case, this will become a long fight……”

“Fuu, I think I can slightly understand what kind of path you have taken until now~.”

On the other hand, Na YuNa, who had witnessed Yu IlHan killing a higher existence, and also heard of Yu IlHan’s class change criteria, became solemn.

It was as if Yu IlHan was no human on the same line as her, but some kind of God-like being whom she had to look up to, and she felt a sense of fear as well.

She felt such things before, at the moment he finished off the Orochi. That was the first time Na YuNa felt an impulse when she only had the slightest bit of interest and good will before.

She wanted to become closer to the existence known as Yu IlHan who felt so distant, and thought that she indeed shortened the gap. She was joyful at the reaction he gave her after all this time, and also found happiness in a friendship that was different from Kang MiRae or Kang HaJin.

However, he had widened the gap once again today. She wasn’t feeling good about it.

“Ei.”

“Hm?”

Suddenly, Na YuNa clung on to Yu IlHan’s arm. Her desperate expression, which was unlike her, was quite funny.

“What is it?”

“Don’t go anywhere.”

[Heng, even if you cling onto him like that, IlHan will come to this side soon.]

“I’m not even 4th class yet. When would I become a higher existence?”

He replied to Liera with a laugh, and spoke to Na YuNa, who had a serious expression, with also a serious reply of his own.

“I already promised Mir. I’m not going anywhere so hear me out a little here.”

“Want me to kiss you?”

“Help me kill the fallen angels before news spread that one of them died, whether it’s to the Army of Brilliant Light, or the Destruction Demon Army. It will be possible with Miss YuNa’s buff.”

“……”

Na YuNa’s expression turned stiff due to the completely unexpected development. However, Yu IlHan never cared about the mood of others, and asked her once again.

“We’ll be able to find them if we try erasing all those magic formations scattered in other worlds. Miss YuNa only needs to buff me! They can’t touch a single hair on you anyway, so you don’t have to worry about dying. Instead, we need to move faster right now.”

“…….Okay.”

Na YuNa ended up nodding her head. Nothing much had changed. They just got one more thing to do in their expedition to other worlds, but although it was frightening, she only needed to stay hidden after buffing him.

Perhaps, there was no need to meet another higher existence at all! So it was fine, she thought so anyway.

“Thank you.”

“Okay……”

She thought about how countless people on Earth as well as Breya couldn’t refuse her words said with a smile, and could finally think in the listener’s’ shoes.

Besides her, Liera quietly whispered.

[It’s always the one to fall in love first, that loses.]



Chapter 187

Yu IlHan and Na YuNa, who ended up killing a higher existence while trying to kill their schemes, immediately left for another world after minimum preparation on Earth. They just left a single note on the mansion.

The news of the death of a fallen angel would probably reach their main HQ soon. At that time, they will shrink back in fear, and their scope of action would drastically decrease. Not only that, they would refrain from showing themselves on Earth and any other worlds connected to it. Yu IlHan’s actions were actually so drastically effective.

The reason he tried to kill a fallen angel was due to that as well, but now that he knew that not only were they a good source of experience, he had acquired the body and the magic stone, so he ended up thinking that he couldn’t miss them while they were still in the dark.

What made his actions more confident was the title ‘Untouchable’ that he had just acquired. Those with higher ‘league’ than him, in other words, against all 4th class beings or higher, his abilities would increase by 20%, so there was nothing to hesitate on now.

“Usually, one would rejoice that it became easier to hunt 4th class, and not think about killing higher existences with it~.”

[You should know that IlHan isn’t considered ordinary anymore.]

Naturally, those higher existences didn’t just go to any world. The reason Yu IlHan could meet a fallen angel, was also because information was passed over to them through a traitor angel.

He didn’t know what they were planning to do by coming in contact with him, but that guy was definitely waiting for Yu IlHan. What were they trying to do? Check his level of power? Tell him something? Scheme? Warn him?

In any case, he couldn’t care less. Yu IlHan only wanted to beat them all up.

The time Yu IlHan met the second fallen angel was after they had been to 4 more worlds.

“Found one.”

“I can’t see~.”

[If they could be found by you, they wouldn’t be higher existences.]

The fallen angel didn’t seem to be notified of his colleague’s death (and in fact, wouldn’t even believe even if he was told), and was waiting for Yu IlHan around the gate, but as soon as Yu IlHan noticed him, he didn’t go destroy the magic formation, but hunt around 100 monsters before ambushing him.

[I definitely felt some……..Kergh!?]

“You are already dead!”

[Critical Hit!]

9 simultaneous hits ended with several criticals. They were the messages Yu IlHan liked the most.

[Kak!? How, can this…..!]

“Hey, hey. Stop there. Your friend already used that line before.”

It was an opponent he could kill with a ‘single’ strike even without any critical hits, but there were critical hits stacked on top as well, so what would have happened? The area around the heart was completely perforated, and the shoulder blades were likewise shattered to pieces.

[You…… noticed me!]

“You were just weak.”

He tried to kill Yu IlHan with the final bits of his power, but there was no way Yu IlHan would have attacked in the first place if he thought that he may be counterattacked and die.

[Kurgh, you bastard…..!]

“Leave the rest to me. I’ll send others for you to meet up on the way.”

[Before that, I’ll kill…..KILL!]

His attack effected himself precisely and fatally and twisted all the mana. Even if higher existences had the power to overturn the skies and move the earth, they were useless once their magic organ was destroyed. No matter how much he tried to gather power to the leaking body, it only leaked out as black aura.

[However, you’re late…… you’re too late!]

Just as Yu IlHan was about to deal the final strike, the fallen angel said a line which made him really bothered. The contents were similar to the time when the first one died, but it had much more content, and had a desperate nuance to it.

Even while knowing that nothing would come from asking a dying enemy, he ended up asking.

“Just what is too……”

[Kergh!]

Justas he was about to reply, he died with a final vomiting of pitch black blood. However, despite the fact that he had a successful hunt, Yu IlHan’s expression was not that bright.

[You have earned experience.]

[The skill, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, has become level 86.]

[The skill, Deathgod, has become level 90.]

[Killing 5th class 1/1]

“Shit, I got done in.”

Collecting the body, Yu IlHan muttered in a frustrated voice.

“This one had quite the ability to throw baits unlike the first one. I’m surprised.”

“I’m more surprised about your reaction.”

“From the fact that it made me unable to prepare anything even while giving me concrete information, I can give about 79 points.”

Since Yu IlHan’s expression was so stern as he said that, Na YuNa wanted to ask where the 21 points were deducted, but decided to hold it. Yu IlHan only licked his lips after checking that there was no magic stone after he cracked open the brain and the heart.

“So my luck isn’t that good after all, eh? I wanted to evolve Language skill too……”

[You must be the only 3rd class who needs so many 5th class magic stones.]

“Well, then. Let’s quickly go over to another world! They will probably notice soon, so it will be a fight for time from now.”

“Ah, we need to destroy the magic formation though~!”

[To think he made that woman make a comeback… IlHan sure is amazing……!]

Yu IlHan and Na YuNa took 25 minutes to enter a world and destroy a magic formation, then clean up, thanks to the combination of Ruin Calling and Leap. The fastest time people took before he came back to Earth was 4 days, so by simple calculations, he was 180 times faster.

However, this was an AVERAGE of 25 minutes we were talking about, so there was no meaning to comparisons. His speed was so overwhelming that it made others wonder what they did for the past 2 years.

Even while flying at insane speeds in Yu IlHan’s arms, Na YuNa created a shield with all her power and asked.

“How did you make such an artifact? Flying that fast must require insane amounts of mana, but you don’t look like you’re consuming much.”

“It’s inefficient to consume mana when you’re just flying. Instead, this requires ability on the user. Hm, mastering Physical combat and Leap would do, I guess.”

“Heh~, so that’s it.”

Na YuNa decided to ask no further. Of course it was like this. Using an artifact that has tremendous efficiency and little mana consumption would require like 2 mastered skill at the basics…… Even though she hadn’t mastered a single skill in the 10 years she was away from Earth!

Of course, it was also thanks to her innately acquiring higher class skills, which were very difficult to train in, but even considering that, Yu IlHan’s state was abnormal.

No matter how strong or capable a person was, it should be impossible to break through the limits of time, right? Her eyes looking at Yu IlHan narrowed slightly.

“You still have something you didn’t tell me, don’t you?”

“I have nothing to tell you though.”

“Aren’t you tight guarded.”

[That’s my IlHan.]

“He’s not yours, ahjumma!”

[Ahjumma!?] (Means ‘old lady’, equivalent of ‘oba-san’ of JP)

Yu IlHan was nervous about when the Army of Brilliant Light would notice that he had killed two higher existences, but in fact, even after he had cleared the tenth world, it had only been 4 hours since he killed the first one.

The fallen angels belonging to the Army of Brilliant Light only met at periodic meetings, which wasn’t held once in just one or two days. As every member was a higher existences, they judged that most things would be solved by their independent actions.

Just who in their right mind would predict that one of them was killed by a lower existence in an ambush in a lower world? It wasn’t that the Army of Brilliant Light was lax, but that Yu IlHan’s refinement in the spear was beyond their imagination.

However, only Yu IlHan alone was in a hurry, and was clearing world in an average of 25 minutes.

“Are we really not found yet?”

[We’re really, really not found out yet. There’s no way those fallen angels would move so diligently.]

“But why don’t I see any fallen angels! Even though I want to meet them so much!”

[Like how Heaven’s Army is busy without actually seeming like doing anything, the Army of Brilliant Light is similar. Well, no, all higher existence factions are like that.]

“So you do acknowledge that……?”

Destroying the magic formation in the seventeenth world he was in in an instant, Yu IlHan looked at the surroundings. He couldn’t find the presence of any fallen angels. He was annoyed and he muttered while looking at the remains of the destroyed magic formation.

“I still don’t get what they’re trying to do with this formation. No matter what I do, I can’t feel any danger from them.”

“It’s because you insta-killed it. If not, it would emit strange smoke and shoot mana and cause all sorts of mess. Even we would have had a hard time if not for Mir during the past two years~.”

“They have so many additional functions?”

Yu IlHan’s eyes glistened. A magic formation created to activate a magic that will affect something of Earth’s scale, had so many protective aspects? And one that higher existences couldn’t even make by themselves due to the restriction?

“…….Is it really an additional function though?”

“Mr. IlHan?’

However, it was natural for him to question that.

“A magic formation with so many attack capabilities. Would it really have another hidden function? In the end, they were created from humans or the like.”

“But the Army of Brilliant Light and the Destruction Demon Army helped~. In fact, it’s not like I haven’t thought of that either.”

Yes, of course. There was no way the witty Na YuNa would not have doubted the true function of the magic formations.

“However, things would become meaningless that way. It only released mana to counterattack against the attackers. If it’s just that, there is no way that could damage Earth in any way~.”

“But what if their intention in the first place was to make us notice them? What if their intention was to make the people of Earth ‘move’ in some way?”

“That’s even more meaningless. The only thing I can think of is preventing us from being on Earth, but it’s not like there’s another expert that destroys all common sense like you on Earth, nor would Earth just meet its apocalypse just because it lost some experts. Not only are there a lot of ability users on Earth right now, there are also plenty of support from other worlds.”

“Ugh.”

Yu IlHan sighed due to the unreachable conclusion. He could just destroy them with ease if he knew that this magic formation was made by some almighty being and would put Earth into danger, but now that he started doubting, he couldn’t help but think about them in another way.

Moreover, what weighed on his mind the most was the fact that both the fallen angels he had killed mentioned that ‘it was too late’. Late? What is? It was impossible to prevent their schemes even though he was destroying so many formations? Or was the magic formations merely distractions, and there was a hidden plan instead?

It was very improbable that the words of the fallen angels were wrong. That was because their words did not encourage others to act, but only declared about a situation that was already over.

For comparison, checkmates in chess was similar. Whatever the opponent did, the situation would not change. Only when at an absolute advantage could they say such words. The ones listening would feel really bad but that couldn’t be helped. Like how Yu IlHan was right now.

“Gosh, this is annoying me so much.”

“That won’t do, want me to kiss you?”

“Don’t say the same thing as Liera.”

“Ugh, sorry.”

[Do you both really want a smack?]

Pondering ended here. What he could do right now was only to do his best. Yu IlHan sighed and unfolded Ruin Calling. When he extended both of his arms forward, Na YuNa hopped into his arms while blushing.

“That makes my heart pound.”

“I have no ulterior motives so don’t worry.”

“That’s even worse!”

Yu IlHan was about to Leap with her in his arms, when something tugged on his mind and he asked.

“I’m really curious but what perfume are you using?”

“Oh, my.”

Na YuNa, who was feeling down when she heard that he had no ulterior motives, suddenly made a blooming smile when she heard that.

“I don’t use any perfume. Do I smell good?”

“Hmph, lies.”

Yu IlHan snorted and turned his head around. Na YuNa found that more funny. How could both the father and son be so cute in praising others. Clinging onto Yu IlHan’s arms, she leaned her body. Yu IlHan grumbled.

“Get off.”

“I’ll die if I get off. I’m going to stay like this.”

Liera, who was watching this entire time, spoke in a very creepy voice.

[Na YuNa, I wish you’d become a higher existence quickly. Yes, as fast as possible….. before the boiling blood in my veins cools down.]

Yu IlHan didn’t particularly like Na YuNa, but decided to protect her from Liera’s hands when she did become a higher existence.



Chapter 188

2 years ago, it was faster to count how many people were over level 80 with a person’s two hands, but through the changed situation after the 2nd Great Cataclysm, as well as the interactions with the other worlds made the people of Earth rapidly stronger. And accordingly, they had opened gateways to just as many worlds.

That helped out a lot in changing the Earth in the right way, as well as bringing prosperity to Vanguard, Gangnam and Korea, but at the same time, they called for the suffering of Kang MiRae and the others who had to sort through all the worlds as some of them may potentially bring danger.

“So the people of Earth really did get stronger. I never knew that they would end up connecting more than 30 thousand worlds.”

“We felt like dying over these 2 years. They could have taken it slow~. And it’s not like we can threaten them to not open it!”

“It’s not something for you to say when you have opened a gate to Breya just to build a temple.”

Na YuNa sighed at Yu IlHan’s response.

“You should hug me warmly or pat me on the head if I look so tired!”

“No matter how tired you are, I’m the most tired in the world. I cannot let anyone take that away from me.”

“Wao!”

Yu IlHan was sure that the Army of Brilliant Light had something else they were scheming, but that didn’t mean that he could do anything about it, so he only focused on destroying the magic formations with Na YuNa. As a result, it was possible for them to destroy over 150 magic formations within just 3 days.

The magic formation contained a record, and since he could acquire little bits of them every time he destroyed them, Yu IlHan could interpret more and more of the magic formation as time went on.

Although he could only currently interpret the magic to defeat attackers, and the materials and time used to construct the formation, compared to Kang MiRae and the others who had no progress over these 2 years, it was a big difference. He thought that his knowledge of magic engineering may have played role in this.

“These aren’t things that people can set up in one or two days. Even if there are people who are still cooperating with the fallen angels, they would not be able to restore it in a short amount of time.”

“That’s fortunate~.”

[If it was the usual IlHan, he would only rest easy after beating up all the related personnel. He’s enduring quite a lot.]

Yu IlHan only snorted at her words and replied.

“I was only leaving them alone because I’m short on time. I’ll have to beat them up after some investigation if I have time later.”

“That’s good, you finish things off properly.”

[Looks like graveyards are gonna be full.]

1 week had passed since the first victory against the fallen angel. Since then, Yu IlHan succeeded in killing two other fallen angels while roaming around in other worlds.

Of course, he could not acquire magic stones from them, but he was plenty satisfied with just acquiring their bodies. With this, he could make the ‘foundations’ of the all-purpose weapon he had dreamed of.

“But they look human without wings. What are you going to do about them?”

“What do you mean what. I’ll just dismantle their wings, skin, flesh, muscles and blood, and look into their uses.”

“Even though they look like humans……?”

“And what difference does that make?”

“…….Nothing~. I’m sorry~.”

However, Yu IlHan couldn’t enjoy his easy and fun higher existence hunting forever. He went around the worlds rapidly, but could not find any fallen angels after all. Well, four of their members died so if they still didn’t know, there was a problem with their group.

After that, everything went as Yu IlHan had predicted. They did not show themselves worried that they would be ambushed by Yu IlHan. Everything went as Yu IlHan wished to, but of course, the person in question wasn’t satisfied.

“It would have been better if they were a little more fearless.”

[You will get it if you keep being like that?]

“Mr. IlHan. Stop looking for a fallen angel and let’s go to the next world~.”

With the expectations to encountering a fallen angel, gone, the destruction process of the magic formations became really boring. Na YuNa had also become used to Yu IlHan’s flight speed, and grew to be able to leisurely cheer when Yu IlHan was accelerating to his limits.

“Yay, run, oppa, run!”

“Do you want me to go faster?”

“Hiiik, faster than even now~?”

Of course, she was far from catching up to Yu IlHan.

***

Time passed by in a flash. Yu IlHan, along with Na YuNa, went to new worlds, searched for possible higher existences while flying around, and destroyed the magic formations. This process repeated for nearly one month now.

It was only the first week that he thought that a great change would occur once he hunted the fallen angels, after the Army of Brilliant Light and the Destruction Demon Army found out that higher existences could die under Yu IlHan’s hands, they stopped their actions altogether as if they had given up on Earth.

Also, they could meet with worlds that had no magic formations at all. Perhaps the people working under the fallen angels had lost their leaders and stopped their schemes, or perhaps they stopped trying since Yu IlHan kept destroying them all. They didn’t know which, but it was sure that work was speeding up.

‘I do need to use the hourglass once in a while.’

He still had four corpses belonging to fallen angels in his inventory. He wasn’t even sure if he could use their bodies to make something, but just thinking about it made his heart pound. Yu IlHan was an innate pervert.

“Mr. IlHan~.”

Na YuNa’s sweet voice drummed on Yu IlHan’s ears. After safely destroying the magic formation in who-knows-what-number-this-is world, they were going back to Earth through the flight that did not consider the passenger’s safety and feelings at all.

“We’ll be there soon, so endure it a little more.”

“No, it’s not that.”

The place Na YuNa pointed towards was the gate that they were going to. What of the gate? Yu IlHan tilted his head, and realized that the gate was shrinking.

“I don’t think we’ll reach.”

“Uoooh!”

There should have been a person that was inserting mana from the other side! No, wait, even if the gate was not supplied with mana due to some weird reason like all the people of Earth dying, the gate shouldn’t have closed yet since Yu IlHan had finished things so quickly!

Of course, he could still instantly return to Earth through the effects of the ‘Frog that leaped out of the well’ title, but wasn’t it cooler to goal in just like that?

Yu IlHan disabled all the limiters, and brought his speed up to the maximum with another shockwave + leaps. Na YuNa had expected this and immediately put up a shield, but even then she couldn’t be clear headed due to the overwhelming pressure.

“Uguoooh!”

“Kyaaak!”

The speed was so fast that their eyes couldn’t follow! However, Yu IlHan amazingly charged towards the center of the gate, and could splendidly enter it before the gate was closed.

Although there was a danger of crashing on the ground right after that, he could succeed in deccelerating and stopping by calling out a super comfy large cushion in his front.

“Puh.”

Getting his face off the cushion, Yu IlHan looked at the surroundings. It was definitely a scene belonging to that of Earth. He shouted in relief.

“Safe!”

“It’s out!”

Na YuNa, who had experienced momentary death along with Yu IlHan, shouted.

However, he was not even listening to her right now. He was feeling off while looking at the surroundings.

“Just, what… is happening…….?”

“Hey, your shift in topics is too lam……. huh?”

Na YuNa, who was about to bargain for some skinship, also realized that something was strange. There was no people around at all.

Did this mean that they all died due to some battle? No, it just looked like the element known as humans were erased from this world.

“I have a deja vu……”

[No way. It shouldn’t be…… The time flow on Earth is still normal.]

Yu IlHan remembered back to the time when he was dropped alone on Earth. The stopped Earth, the disappeared people. His weak self that had to feel fear alone in that situation……

It was a matter of a thousand years ago, but he still clearly remembered that moment. Yu IlHan ended up hugging Na YuNa more tightly in his arms. Na YuNa cheered.

“You can hug me tighter.”

“Fuu.”

The normal Yu IlHan would be busy coming up with excuses, but for now, he was relieved thanks to her answer. At that moment, Liera felt something and shouted in a bright voice.

[I get it. From the ripples of the atmosphere and mana of the Earth, it looks like the 3rd Great Cataclysm of Earth. Perhaps the people around this area went off to other worlds in order to not get caught up. Perhaps the reason why the gates are disappearing is also because of the 3rd Great Cataclysm!]

Yu IlHan immediately raised his senses when he heard that. Though, there was no need for him to. He couldn’t feel it because the drastic change in the surroundings, but currently, the mana in the atmosphere was at its highest concentration, crystallizing, melting, exploding and gathering. Low level people would be harmed just due to the sheer amount of mana!

[How the hell is this a 3rd Great Cataclysm. It looks worse than a 4th……. Though, it’s not at the level of a 5th. Sheesh, Earth is insane!]

“Looks like the Great Cataclysm is actually happening. Really, it’s happening already…… but wait. The gates are closing because of the 3rd Great Cataclysm?”

Yu IlHan tilted his head.

Closing? The gates? The gates connecting to worlds that had the magic formations that the fallen angels had set up?

“Then what else can they do with those formations in those worlds?”

[Nothing.]

“……”

“……”

Silence pervaded the area. Yes, nothing. What damage could they do when the connections are severed? Go through the dimensional wall and do something?

“…….Just for what did they make those magic formations for?”

[Perhaps they never thought that the gates would close?]

Yu IlHan and Liera both tilted their heads at the same time while looking at each other. However, one voice called for them.

“Mr. IlHan.”

It wasn’t that another person had appeared on the scene, but it was Na YuNa, who was still in Yu IlHan’s arms.

“It seems like your words are right after all.”

“What is? Huh……!”

Yu IlHan became shocked after he gave a glance at her.

Her body was faintly disappearing.

As if she was going to disappear altogether.



Chapter 189

“Miss YuNa, Miss YuNa? Are you alright?”

“Wao, I would have fallen for you long ago if you were this kind all the time.”

Yu IlHan repeatedly called out to her in fear that she may disappear altogether, but the person in question was actually quite calm.

“I’m not dying so you don’t have to worry.”

“What do you mean you’re not dying, then just what is…….”

“That magic formation, doesn’t seem like it directly causes harm on Earth. It looks like it had done something not to Earth but to the people of it, in an unknown, profound, and annoying way.”

“It’s the same feeling as when I’m going over to Breya. But unlike when I’m going over of my free will, it feels like someone’s forcefully sending me there.”

“Forcefully? Who?”

“Who knows~? Probably Earth? I’m scared since I don’t think I’ll be able to come back once I go.”

Na YuNa replied playfully but Yu IlHan couldn’t laugh. To understand the situation, he had too little facts.

“It looks like all the others were ejected like me. I can feel that the Earth itself is rejecting me. This curse…… I’m holding out with the holy power of Lady Leytna, but…… ah god dammit. It doesn’t work. It’s not a curse I can do something about.

The most capable priestess on Earth had given up! Yu IlHan grabbed her tightly in panic, but that did nothing to stop the phenomenon. He became more and more worried, but Na YuNa didn’t understand his feelings and spoke even more.

“I get it now. When we interrogated the people that set up the formation in Lanpas, I heard that the fallen angels told them to ‘increase their allies’ by going to as many worlds as possible. We only thought that that meant that more magic formations will be installed, but that was the mistake. We should have thought about that more carefully…….”

[……So that’s it. It was an infection.]

Liera also seemed to have realized after hearing that. She explained further with an absurd expression.

[The magic formation was not on standby. It was already active! By spreading the curse inside it among the humans…..!]

“Curse? That purple fog thing……?”

[That’s also just a disguise. By covering the actual curse with a highly offensive one….. it’s the basics when using curses. Uu, I knew this when I was beating up mages all the time!]

There were such curses? But he didn’t even know that…… perhaps Yu IlHan had rejected most of the curses approaching him thanks to possessing a high level of higher curse resistance, so he might have not realized it as he had rejected all of them.

Na YuNa added at this time.

“Mr. IlHan. You said I smell good, right? I think that was the curse. Their objective must have been spreading that among the humans…… and perhaps the Earth doesn’t like this smell?”

Na YuNa’s predictions were relatively on the mark.

The sole purpose of the installation of the magic formation was to spread a special type of curse aura among the people of Earth. She, along with Kang MiRae and co, was absorbed in destroying them, but by the time the magic formation was destroyed, it was already game over.

In the fallen angels’ view, they didn’t even care about if the humans destroyed the magic formations or not. No, in fact, they probably wanted them to. The curse that would stick to them would proliferate onto others when they went back to Earth.

The ones installing the formations would spread the curse, and the ones destroying the magic formations would spread it once again. And after 2 years, there was no one on Earth who was not cursed.

If it was possible, they would have installed these formations directly on Earth, but then, they would have been destroyed before they could even activate. That was why, they used a method to do it from other worlds, and the result, was very successful, as you see here.

And the trigger was none other than the 3rd Great Cataclysm. The power of Earth, outgrowing the speed of the humans that live on it, was expelling the people of Earth to the worlds they were connected to. As Yu IlHan was seeing now, the people who could freely go back and forth were disabled from coming back to Earth.

It was funny that Yu IlHan had the ability to reject that curse when he didn’t have anywhere to be expelled to.

It was truly ironic. Just during the 2nd Great Cataclysm, countless gates connecting Earth with other worlds were generated, but now that it became the 3rd, the people of Earth were being expelled precisely because of that.

“But curse is your field. Can’t you dispel it?”

“It’s, uh, a high dimensional curse that is hard to recognize even as a curse, since it has no offensive power at all. It’s more like a prank that makes my mana emit a certain aura. I think I can do something about it if I get my 4th class, but right now I can’t…..”

[Don’t come.]

Before Na YuNa’s words even finished, a voice of quiet and deep wrath, resounded across the region. Na YuNa instantly shut up due to the ‘league’ contained in the voice, but Yu IlHan was unaffected.

“Dammit, it’s that guy!”

He remembered hearing that voice once before – inside the hellish dungeon that he had opened gate to.

[Everyone should go away. And don’t come back.]

With that, Na YuNa’s blurred even faster. Just what was that guy, just what was that guy to the Earth? Yu IlHan became nervous and sensed for his presence, but it was impossible after all. He couldn’t sense him no matter how hard he searched.

Moreover, from the point in time they heard the voice, the transformation of nearby buildings and landscape also started accelerating. Even though it hadn’t even been 3 years since the 2nd Great Cataclysm, and the landscape change due to the effects of that hadn’t even finished yet, an even more vigorous change was occurring.

“Then, the fallen angels’ objective was to eject everyone out of Earth? And that’s why it’s ‘Freedom’? Just why did…..!”

“Mr. IlHan.”

Just as Yu IlHan was racking his brain, Na YuNa spoke to him. Her holy powers were amazing so she was still holding out when others would have been ejected long ago.

“You have to come to Breya to find me.”

“By what method?”

“At times like these, you need to say ‘Believe in me!’ and give me a deep kiss!”

“I’m not that cool, and I won’t do that.”

“You’re already cool, sheesh. I’ve said that multiple times before.”

Na YuNa, who grumbled at Yu IlHan’s words, smiled again.

“Like I said, you will be able to do it if it’s you. So you need to come find me, okay? I’ll also do my best to get 4th class.”

[Do you think 4th class is some hill on your garden? It’s not as easy as you say…… uh, hey hey hey hey hey!]

Liera suddenly started shouting. However, Na YuNa had already taken advantage of Yu IlHan being in shocked to steal his lips.

“Uvv!?”

“Uuuup, up.” (I leave this to your imagination fellas)

It was just a moment, but it was a violent kiss that even caused sound effects. This was a moment when Yu IlHan was thinking about the schemes of the Army of Brilliant Light and the Destruction Demon Army, and he instantly came to his senses!

That was no wonder, since obviously, it was his first kiss! The place where her soft and moist lips touched his instantly turned hot as if he was burned, and the complex thought process inside his head all crashed in an instant. His lips trembled.

“Just what did you do……”

He looked down at Na YuNa with dumbfounded eyes. It looked as if her transport to Breya was already commencing as her body was becoming translucent. However, even Yu IlHan could know that her face was bright red. It looked like even she was embarrassed.

“Fufufu. Mr. IlHan, did you kiss Liera yet? Not yet, right~?”

“……”

“Mr. IlHan’s first kiss is not Liera, but this Na YuNa! Ufufufu!”

And immediately after that, Na YuNa disappeared from his arms. The shocking surprise attack as well as the sudden disappearance had no where to deduct points from.

“Just…….. what……!”

Yu IlHan was stiff at that spot even after she had disappeared. Instead, Liera was enraged.

[To think she was hiding such a trump card! IlHan, wash your lips with murky water, right now!]

“To think you’d joke over my first kiss. Uaaah.”

He was worried about the future of Earth, as well as his parents, Mir and the others, and also worried about how to deal with the master of that voice, but right now, Yu IlHan had temporarily forgotten about them all. He was dealt a serious blow by Na YuNa.

And she just ran away like this… He had to look for her even if it was to get it back or something! In the end, only Na YuNa had profited! Yu IlHan thought that she was one clever woman.

[…… Perhaps she wanted to give you assurance.]

It took a little time for Liera to speak seriously about this.

[Speaking honestly, you won’t even believe it even if other people say they like you.]

“…….You know me too well.”

[But that woman likes you, no? So she put the stamp on after looking for opportunites. So that you won’t doubt anymore. So that you will completely be sure of it.]

Saying that, Liera ended up laughing. It was frustrating to see Yu IlHan being done in like that, on one hand, she thought that she (Na YuNa) was cute.

[Thinking that you’d believe in her feelings just due to a small kiss. She’s such a kid. Looks like she did grow up in a sheltered environment.]

“Huh?”

[Huh?]

“Huh…….?”

[Huh…….!?]

After a conversation with just nuances and no proper words, Liera acquired a realization. Yu IlHan was currently, was truly thinking that Na YuNa was liking him! Well, it was true!

“…….She doesn’t?”

[No, it’s true……]

“Right?”

[…….]

Seeing Yu IlHan, who was acting worse than a 10 year-old kid despite having lived for over a millenia, Liera was shocked, while Yu IlHan was coming to himself by tapping on his cheeks.

‘Let’s think about that later. Miss YuNa is a big problem, but there are more important problems that I need to attend to.’

Didn’t Na YuNa say so? That he had to come looking for her. Rather than wasting time like this, she would probably want him to take action.

Of course, it wasn’t like Yu IlHan wanted to move according to her words, but it was indeed the correct thing to do right now. Not only Na YuNa, he had to place all the expelled people back to Earth. Living one thousand years alone on Earth was enough!

“The problem is, how do I go about it.”

[Ah, I can’t communicate with Heaven either. Erta and Spiera are also there right? Wow, Earth is completely closed off. Unless Earth become a higher world or something, I’m all out of options……!]

“Don’t throw new bait. My head aches just as it is now.”

Yu IlHan sighed and raised his head. Looking around, there was no one there, of course. He felt like he could greet Na YuNa like nothing had happened, but reality was too cruel.

He was left alone again on Earth. And this time, the Earth itself had expelled everyone to other worlds.

Just why was he left alone so many times in his life? Though, it was very fortunate that Liera was by his side.

“Huh.”

It was at that moment that Yu IlHan realized something.

“How about Mir? He was born on Earth.”

[Ah.]

“There are also other children who were born after the Great Cataclysm, what happened to them? Even if they were cursed, they have no worlds to be expelled to!”

[…… Right, you’re right!]

Liera also realized that. She couldn’t think up of this since she thought that the entire mankind was connected to other worlds, and just thought of it now thanks to Mir!

“Shit.”

This was no time to be standing still. Yu IlHan urgently unfolded Ruin Calling.

“Just the children without any parents in a world where the 3rd Great Cataclysm is happening……. Uoooh!”

Bringing out every last bit of his power, he leaped and at the same time, spread out his sense as far as possible. He was under the mission that he had to find and protect the children!

However, that was all in vain.

Despite having made several round trips on Earth, Yu IlHan could not find a single human other than him.



Chapter 190

Several hours passed after Yu IlHan had to send off Na YuNa.

He saw that the skies were getting redder. It was not a natural sunset, but an unpleasant one as if it was colored using blood.

“Why aren’t they here?”

Muttered Yu IlHan while sighing. No matter how much he searched, there was not a single human being other than him on Earth right now.

Likewise, the only higher existence left on Earth, Liera also had to carefully select her words to console him.

[Perhaps they were sent along with their parents?]

“It would be good if that was the case, but who knows…..”

Yu IlHan thought that she was thinking too optimistically. Whoever was behind this, he did not think that this person would have enacted such mercy.

Children had no worlds they were connected to, but was still cursed by the formations. Just what happened of them? He felt stuffy just thinking about it.

“I don’t want to think this is true, but if those children are trapped in that dungeon that I was in……”

[I don’t even want to imagine.]

Yu IlHan didn’t care about other people dying from outside his reach, but he was no man of steel that only worried about himself facing this large scale disaster.

Of course, the one he was most worried about was none other than Yumir. It would have been good if he was the one to go to that dungeon, but would his son be able to endure when he hadn’t even grown fully as a dragon? Thinking about that, his lips felt dry.

“Mir had higher curse resistance too. To think even he could not endure it…..”

[Well, you have a high level of higher curse resistance, thanks to spending 2 years in hell, but Mir is not like that…… Calm down first. You know how strong Mir is.]

“I think I have to go to that dungeon.”

Nothing would be better if he could create a gate using the vortices that were appearing on Earth, but while going around the Earth, he did not meet even a single vortex.

Would the Earth make vortices in the future? Yu IlHan thought that the answer was no. Perhaps the appearance of the vortices after the 2nd Great Cataclysm was a part of the Earth’s growth process?

Earth could directly and indirectly acquire records of countless worlds through them, and as a result, it had grown fast enough to cause the 3rd Great Cataclysm to descend.

[And finishing the growth, it expelled all the humans. As if it doesn’t need them anymore.]

“Is that possible?”

[If it was any other world, it would have been impossible, but like what you said, it might be possible for the current Earth since it had absorbed a vast amount of records. It will reach a higher world by growing alone.]

Yu IlHan felt bitter after listening to that. Growing alone? Wasn’t that similar to what he was pursuing?

The biggest difference that unlike Yu IlHan, who had the talent to be alone in a large crow,d Earth had expelled all the others because it wanted to be alone. The scale was so big that he couldn’t even get angry.

Since the method to create a gate through vortices didn’t work, the only remaining method was Warp. He didn’t want to use this as it used too much resources, but right now, it was no time to care about that.

“…….Huh.”

But there was a problem with this as well.

He could not activate warp.

[Why?]

“I can’t leap into that dungeon.”

[It’s impossible even with your warp? How?]

“Although it’s very annoying to admit, it looks like I’m not in full understanding of that dungeon……”

Wasn’t this too much? He had basically lived there for 2 years and it was impossible? Yu Ilhan couldn’t believe it himself and tried activating Warp several times, but the result was the same.

No, strictly speaking, the places he could Warp to was only parts of Earth, places which had big traces of him.

Erta mentioned about how Yu IlHan was drawing sketches with his Warp when other higher existences were writing complex formulae, but she was wrong. For Yu IlHan to use Warp, he had to draw a hyper realistic picture, whether it was a portrait or a landscape!

Yu IlHan realized that and fell into half a panic. His final thread of savior was cut off.

“WHat do I do. Now I really can’t do anything even if Mir is there……”

[Get it together.]

Liera pulled on Yu IlHan’s hair.

[Mir will be fine. If the newborns are with him, then those kids will be safe too.]

“But what if he meets an enemy he can’t face……?”

[If you start thinking like that, there will be no end to it. Here, cheer up. The only one who can do anything about this situation is you, IlHan. Am I wrong?]

“……”

Yu IlHan raised his head. Her words were unchangingly clear and positive even in this chaotic mess, and made him a little cool-headed.

She was right. Now that he couldn’t find any traces of people of living people on Earth after going around several times, only he could do something about this situation.

[This time, it’s different from a thousand years ago. You must not only develop yourself, IlHan. You need to act proactively.]

“…….Right.”

He took a deep breath and gripped his fist. His irregular breathing regained its calm, and his pale face also became lively again. Now that he was aware that he couldn’t solve anything like this, he realized that it was no time to be in despair.

[Let’s move first. In the end, it was Earth that did this, right? Then what you must do is simple too.]

“Yes, you’re right.”

Now that he had completely regained his self-awareness, Yu IlHan immediately took out the Eight-tailed dragon spear and muttered.

“I only need to beat the crap out of Earth.”

[It’s so like you to reach such a conclusion…..]

If Earth played on large scale, he could only reply back with the same! If he destroyed everything he saw, he would be able to find a single dungeon alright! If his eyes couldn’t find it, then he’d drill a hole to find it!

After finding the dungeon, he’d enter to find Yumir, as well as the others children that may be with him, and destroy anything and everything that he considered enemy. Right now, he decided to not think about the possibility that Yumir was not there.

Yes. After that…….

Yu IlHan tilted his head and looked at Liera. He grumbled all the time about how the angels weren’t of help, but at times like these, he could only trust in his Guardian angel.

“Then what…..? Is there, really a way?”

[……It’s not that there isn’t. You just need to make Earth into a higher world. Then, the Earth would naturally become open to all and become a war zone, but in any case, the people of Earth would be able to come back to their homeland. They would be given a choice, to come back to Earth, or to live on in that world.]

And somehow, Liera had a clear answer this time. The word that Yu IlHan told her to not throw baits about, higher world. Funnily, that was the only word he could rely on right now.

“That’s easy. I literally just have to break everything.”

[……I’m sorry. It’s actually not that easy, IlHan. Well, with your ability, you’d be able to counteract no matter what happens on Earth, but the problem is the period of time that is taken for Earth to evolve into a higher world. The birth of higher worlds require much, much more time and luck than the birth of a higher existence……]

The evolution of a world speeds up due to various elements such as the development of mankind, birth and deaths of monsters, as well as the quantity of mana the world harbors.

Until now, Earth had fulfilled more than enough of those requirements, and had an incomparable growth speed compared to others, but now, humanity was out of the calculation.

Despite that, Earth would be able to evolve plenty fast, but now that the crucial element of mankind was gone, it was natural that it wouldn’t be as fast.

To higher existences the concept of time did not mean much to them, so it would be of no problem even if Earth’s growth was delayed. That was why they could do such things.

However, to Yu IlHan and the other humans, it was a very big problem. Not to mention the other people who had could live for tens, or even perhaps hundreds of years, even Yu IlHan was a mere human, despite living for a long time. Unless he became a higher existence, he would eventually die.

[They are probably wishing for that to happen. After humanity goes extinct in other worlds, they would approach leisurely, and stick their flags on this free territory known as Earth. Considering that this is a plan from those disgusting seeds of the Army of Brilliant Light and the Destruction Demon Army, it’s simultaneously a perfect plan…… and we were completely done in by it, unfortunately.]

“No, it’s fine.”

However, Yu IlHan denied her words. It was unbelievable to think that he was panic-stricken just a moment ago.

“I will make it fine.”

[How……?]

“I’ll just do it alone. Like how I did until now, it will be so in the future.”

[…….]

Did Yu IlHan ever rely on other people? In decisive moment he himself was the only one he could trust in.

Evolution would be delayed since mankind was not here? Die of old age? If so, if Yu IlHan could cover for the billions of people, then there would be no delays in the evolution. Simple answer.

[……I always think this at times like these, but I’m quite scared that you might actually end up achieving that.]

“It’s not that I might end up achieving something. I will.”

He had always walked, endured, and achieved everything, alone.

So, he would be able to do it this time as well. Nothing had changed. Nothing.

Thinking until there, Yu IlHan realized something and smacked his own head.

“No, Liera. You were always by my side. I was about to forget that again.”

[Yes, don’t forget that. I will always be by your side. This was decided from a thousand years ago.]

Replied Liera while blushing. Unlike a thousand years ago, right now, any communication with Heaven was severed so she couldn’t even contact them. They were completely isolated, but despite that, she did not feel anything. It had been too long since Yu IlHan had become the biggest priority in her life.

“Then now.”

Yu IlHan looked at his surroundings. In fact, this was no time to leisurely wait in one spot. Earth was changing real-time due to the 3rd Great Cataclysm.

Intact grounds suddenly sank or shot up, continents moved, causing enormous earthquakes, violent whirlpools appeared in the middle of the sea and made giant bridges of whirling pillars of water, while some parts of the sky was generating dungeons of its own by creating magical space. This was an even more violent change than the 4th Great Cataclysm in Dareu.

Yu IlHan boldly spoke in the middle of that, while extending his Ruin Calling.

“Let’s go back to the mansion first.”

[Yeah. Nothing would change even if we hurry, so let’s think about it after a night’s rest. …… You will let me sleep next to you, right?]

Liera was hitting up on him now that Yu IlHan had regained his calm. Although she was suppressing it due to the situation, she was very bothered by Na YuNa’s kiss. So, she was trying to make up like this.

“No, I won’t be sleeping.”

Yu IlHan shook his head.

“For the next two months, I have something I have to work vigorously on.”

[…..IlHan, don’t tell me you.]

“Yes.”

Answered Yu IlHan.

“I’m going to make a flying fortress.”



Chapter 191

While Yu IlHan was undergoing season 2 of Earth-alone, in Heaven’s Army, Erta was currently listening to an unbelievable news from the other angels.

[Did I…… hear wrong?]

[No, you’ve heard correctly.]

The 6th class high angel Tibera spoke in a serious voice.

[The Heaven’s Army, through negotiations with the Army of Brilliant Light and the Destruction Demon Army, has decided to neglect Earth. The expulsion of humans with the 3rd Great Cataclysm was also carried out together with them.]

[How!]

[It is to decrease the sacrifices of Earth as much as possible. Are you not aware of it as well? The scene of the original humanity in a newly ascended world. In that aspect, Earth was lucky. The ‘majority’ of them could depend on other worlds.]

Erta lost her words at the firm reply.

Well, it was indeed Heaven’s Army’s duty to protect humanity. However, they expelled all the people on there to other worlds to do that?

No, before that, how could they even join hands with the Army of Brilliant Light, whatever the cause was? The angels should know better than anyone the reason they were corrupted!

[The children…… What happens to the children that are born after the Great Cataclysm?]

Erta asked while thinking up of Yumir. Tibera coldly replied.

[That’s the minimum number of sacrifices we have to bear. …… Yes, those children will probably die.]

[Those poor little lambs that cannot even differentiate good and evil of their own accord…… you will sacrifice them? Just with the reason that you have to decrease the sacrifices on Earth……?]

[It’s much better than all the adults dying as well due to Earth’s ascension. Is it now?]

Erta felt her heart ripping when she heard that. The figure of Yumir looking for his father lingered in her eyes.

Although she tried not to show it, Yumir was perhaps the most important existence to her, even more than Yu IlHan himself. In the 2 years and 9 months in the Abandoned World, how much help did she get from him? But now, she had to leave him to die?

[Their souls will all become new life and be born. You do not need to feel despair. That is the law.]

[Law…..]

Yes, souls reincarnate. That was the unchanging law, and also a concept that all angels believed in. However, that did not justify the sacrifice of many living life.

Life was beautiful because it bloomed, and because it wilted at the right time. Erta could not accept this kind of sacrifice. This was not how the God she believed in, worked.

[Opinions may differ on this. And so, we proceeded with this without telling the lower angels. However, I’m telling you this now because you’re being promoted soon into 6th class, and because you are the guardian angel of that man, Yu IlHan.]

Looking at the enraged Erta, Tibera added. It was as if saying ‘I have given you special treatment so accept it and get over it’. However, that only made Erta more enraged.

If she knew this would happen, she wouldn’t have cheered at the words ‘6th class’ and fly over! She would have ignored whatever orders Heaven gave her and stick next to Yu IlHan like what Liera did! She should have looked after that child, Yumir!

[And Liera? Is she aware of this?]

[She does not know anything. She was too tainted by humans. She was focusing more on that single human than her work as a member of the army…… It’s obvious how she would react if she heard this.]

Erta also could predict what would happen. If it was her, she would try to flip over the entire Heaven. Then it would be Earth. She would not accept that Yu IlHan would be in that state. However, Erta was instead envious of her boldness.

She unhesitantly did everything she wanted to, and that was very similar to Yu IlHan.

Look at it now. Erta thought that acquiring 6th class would be of more help to Yu IlHan and had come to Heaven, only to be put in a state where she would never perhaps meet him again. However, Liera disregarded all rationale and reason, as well as the priority of her work, and stayed with Yu IlHan, honest to her feelings to stay next to him. And the result? She was next to him right now, wasn’t she?

‘Yes. The two matches so well. Unlike me, who goes over everything, thinking about rationale and what not, and eventually end up failing……’

Erta felt a sense of self-loathing. She felt miserable, tragic and above all, she wanted to see Yu IlHan.

[It is not like we accepted this plan from the get-go. However, the growth of Earth is too fast. We thought that at this rate, a massive disaster would fall upon Earth…..]

[Did….. did ‘The Lord’ intend to do this?]

There was only one ‘Lord’ that the angels referred to. Tibera nodded without hesitation when Erta asked that.

[Yes. The Lord even directly talked with the leaders of other factions to proceed with this.]

[Then……]

I do not have a choice.

Erta couldn’t say the latter parts. She still could not accept it. Sending the people of Earth to other worlds of their own accord just because ‘it was obvious that they are going to die?’ What was dictatorship if this wasn’t?

She thought until that point, when she remembered that Heaven was committing dictatorship from the time they sent humans to other worlds for 10 years of their own accord.

Yes. What had changed was not the Heaven’s Army, but Erta herself.

Her gaze pointed towards the angel standing next to Tibera. The one who stood there was Spiera. She was the one who brought her to Tibera despite saying that she had a lot of work. Perhaps this was a consideration for Erta in her own way, but Erta was annoyed above all.

[Spiera, you knew this, didn’t you?]

[It has not been long. And I also felt very unpleasant. That is because the one who lead this joint scheme was none other than the traitors.]

[But you accepted it.]

[It was not something that could be changed with my disagreement alone.]

Spiera was a high angel of 6th class that had nothing to fear in this world, but there were plenty of others who were comparable to her in power in the Heaven’s Army. She was right. Nothing would change even if she disagreed.

[And so, I wanted for Yu IlHan to become an angel as fast as possible. If a citizen of Earth becomes an angel, there is no need for a war on Earth, and we could immediately make Earth Heaven’s territory. Yu IlHan grew rapidly according to my expectations, but unfortunately, time was lacking. Earth…… has exceeded all our expectations.]

[……Haha.]

Erta ended up laughing after hearing that. The despair she could not feel frequently from the time she became a higher existence, enveloped her body. It was as if she had become a complete fool while everyone was acting on their own judgement.

‘What do I do, Yu IlHan? It was me who always told you to believe in the Heaven’s Army, and its angels, but now I’m like this…..’

While Erta was at a loss on what to do with her sense of guilt about Yu IlHan, Tibera spoke without even knowing what she was thinking.

[Erta, you will become a high angel of 6th class soon. So, you need to get rid of your thought processes when you were with a lower existence. Once Earth becomes a complete, higher world, then all higher existence factions will clash upon Earth once again…..]

[……No.]

Erta shook her head after a moment of silence. Tibera tilted her head in confusion, but Spiera instantly realized what Erta meant.

[Erta, are you…… serious?]

[Yes.]

Erta tried her best to hold in the rage in her heart and replied curtly.

[My abilities…… are not yet suitable to become a high angel. When I judge myself to be suitable to become a high angel, I will ask you again then.]

[Erta, this was our decision after judging that both your magic, as well as your abilities are sufficient……. But if the person in question does not think so, then I cannot help it. Understood. Let’s do it that way.]

[Yes, I would appreciate it.]

No matter how much she tried to suppress it, her rage was so large that it was virtually unhidable. Tibera also noticed her emotions.

[…….Are you not perhaps thinking of something strange?]

[What specifically do you mean by something strange?]

Tibera could not reply to that, and Spiera only made a bitter smile on the side. Facing the two high angels, Erta acknowledged that with a laugh.

[Yes. In fact, I am indeed thinking of something strange.]

[Erta!?]

Spiera shouted in shock, but it was too late. Erta couldn’t hold back her raget to the end, and a thin strand of rage slithered like a viper. Her words were sharp as if she was going to bite the two high angels to death.

[I believe and admire the Lord, but also think that not everything will work his way. This matter is the same. This plan only has meaning after all the people of Earth dies, and Earth has wholly evolved into a higher world alone…… but.]

[It will become like that. Is it not obvious?]

[It is indeed not obvious.]

Erta’s eyes glistened. Even she couldn’t believe it, but she was tearing up right now.

[You have said that Earth has always exceeded our expectations no? However, there was an existence that exceeded our expectations way before that. Yes, you’re right. It’s Yu IlHan. He will become a higher existence one day, and rule over Earth of his own accord. And no one would be able to acquire Earth!]

[That is not possible. No matter how exceptional of a human, one cannot become a higher existence on one’s own. He, who is trapped in Earth, cannot come into contact with any of the higher existence factions, and no one will see him.]

[There were three in this long history. It won’t be strange if there is another one! Wait no, perhaps it’s four? There is a possibility that even the one we serve was once a mere creation, no?]

[Blasphemy!]

Shouted Tibera, and Spiera also gripped on her spear in rage. However, Erta continued speaking even with the two stronger beings in front of her, without hesitation.

[You have mentioned that none of the Heaven’s Army, Army of Brilliant Light, Destruction Demon Army, and the Garden of Sunset, will not look at Yu IlHan, but it is the opposite. Not once did Yu IlHan gave a glance to us higher existence factions. The us he sees is only a bunch of cowards who group up in fear of standing alone! He will become a higher existence on his own!]

[……Let’s say that the promotion never happened. It looks like your training of the heart is still lacking. You need to cool your head.]

[I’d love to. Then I’ll take my leave here. I’d appreciate it if you do not look for me.]

Erta didn’t lose out with her words until the very end, and unfolded her wings. Then she flew away before the high angels could even grab her.

‘Idiot. I’m really an idiot.’

She couldn’t even control her emotions and said something blasphemous, and even provoked her superiors. She was disqualified as a higher existence. However, at the same time she also thought this.

‘So, I have to be careful not to make bigger mistakes in the future.’

She thought of Yu IlHan. She believed that he would become a higher existence of his own and become the lord of Earth. No, perhaps she only wanted to believed in that, but she was that desperate.

‘I need to prepare starting now.’

Resolving on the inside, she flapped her wings again.

Only she knew where she was heading.



Chapter 192

With his wings, Yu IlHan arrived back at the mansion in exactly 1 minute 30 seconds. Although he had predicted this, no matter how many mountains sunk and lakes dried, Bittersweet Persona as well as the mansion grounds were holding out fine. It could only be considered a chaos-ranked artifact if accomplished that.

The problem was the monsters surrounding the region.

[Wow, that’s insane. Earth is completely insane!]

“I agree with you.”

During the 2nd Great Cataclysm, no 4th class monsters were born directly on Earth. All 4th class monsters were either that evolved from 3rd class to the 4th, or those that passed over the gate to Earth, or those that were born from the effects of Overflow. However, none were innately born as 4th class.

Yu IlHan was thinking that the 4th class monsters that should have been born were all taken to the hell dungeon and were turned into demons, but seeing hundreds of 4th class monsters on his mansion grounds, it didn’t seem like it was quite that.

[We need to destroy this.]

[The only remaining man made structure. We need to destroy it.]

[Make it so that he can’t step on this land again.]

[Regain peace to this land.]

However, from their words, it seemed that they came to this place not due to the attraction of the mana from Bittersweet Persona, but in knowledge that this was Yu IlHan’s house. Yu IlHan only laughed after hearing that.

“I’m thankful if all of you come.”

Yu IlHan gripped onto his Eight-tailed dragon spear and poised himself. He extended Ruin Calling as far as possible, and suddenly accelerated with a super sized shockwave!

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned 610,395,305 experience.]

[Attack power increases by 0.85% for the next 5 minutes due to the skill, Deathgod. Duration and percentage increases if you kill more monsters within 5 minutes without concealment wearing off.]

He instantly halved a 4th class monster, that was just about to intrude by dropping down from the sky at lightning speeds. The clean hit killed the monster without any hint of resistance, and naturally, his concealment did not wear off.

“That was easy.”

[So now you can easily instakill 4th class monsters……. Even without the pile bunker or the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory! Even though you’re 3rd class!]

“Don’t get angry.”

[I’m not! I’m just slightly frustrated and annoyed!]

Now, Yu IlHan was right before his 4th class. Although he hadn’t acquired it yet, with his OP skills and titles, it became natural for him to insta-kill lower level 4th class monsters.

If the current Yu IlHan fell in the past Dareu, the dragons would have been annihilated without even using a single dragon breath landing on him.

[Here, he’s here!]

[But we cannot see him. We cannot feel him.]

[eeek…… Let’s destroy this mansion! We cannot find him, but we can see this mansion!]

The monsters seemed to be surprised at Yu IlHan’s appearance, and soon took extreme actions. Of course, ‘extreme actions’ were not much different from what they usually did, and Yu IlHan only laughed at them and commenced his hunt of monsters.

[Kuaaak!]

[Kihaaak!]

If the Bittersweet Persona played music with the various traps and artifacts, Yu IlHan danced on the top with his spear, sometimes with his hammer, or axe, or greatsword, or whip. Blood scattered in all directions as the necks and hearts of monsters were perforated one by one.

Now that he was training in the Great cosmos-severing spear, he did not need to differentiate between weapons. He had the confidence to insta-kill the monsters with any sort of weapon. And in actuality, Yu IlHan’s concealment did not wear off even once during this time.

[You have earned 543,285,486 experience.]

[You have earned 491,009,315 experience.]

[You have earned 635,581,102 experience.]

[You have…….]

“But these guys. They don’t give much experience because they’re only bigger stage 4th class.”

To him, 500 to 600 million was nothing at all. However, as there was a large number of them, he felt that he could acquire around 100 billion experience after killing all of them here.

[Ugh, uh…..!]

Liera had to try her best in order to not get angry. Well, Yu IlHan did level up rapidly while killing those demons in hell, so it was natural that the amount of experience he gained here was considered insignificant for him. Yes, she had to accept it like that.

[Kuaaak!]

[Destroy. We need to erase the traces of this damned human…..!]

No matter how fast they moved, Bittersweet Persona did not miss them. And once the monsters were restrained, Yu IlHan would instantly fly over and kill them. Many 4th class monsters died with every passing minute.

However, that was only doable when he could see the end, but no matter how many monsters he killed with the help of Bittersweet Persona, he still felt tired after glancing at the seemingly endless waves of the monsters.

Of course, he had the confidence to continue kill monsters for hours, but he couldn’t hunt like this forever!

“This is no good.”

Yu IlHan took back his spear and struck on the ground. At that moment, hundreds of spears made of dragon bones embedded themselves in various parts of the garden. Yu IlHan then picked up the Thunderhammer, and activated the lightning storm option on the Dragonic bracelet on his hand.

The power contained inside the bracelet, which could store up to 3 times worth of these lightning storms and release them all at once, was let loose upon a tiny point at the end of the hammer, causing a resonance between all the dragon bones.

At that moment, the hundreds of dragon bones in the garden all resonated with the hammer and spat out frightening amounts of lightning to attack the nearby monsters!

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical ……]

As the monsters he had faced until now were too strong, he never had the opportunity to use this, but this was the strongest wide-area combo that Yu IlHan had prepared to fight against a large number of 4th class monsters!

At this moment, the mansion grounds was akin to a sea of lightning. An absurd level of lightning was born due to the resonance between the bone spears and the thunderhammer, and that lightning would transfer over to other bone spears and enhance their powers, while frying every monsters in its path.

[Kergh!]

[Khaaagh!]

Although Yu IlHan’s location was revealed as he couldn’t kill all the monsters at once, the monsters couldn’t even attack him. The lightning storm at the tip of the Thunderhammer was a result of a large enough amount of mana to cause typhoons, compressed into a single point. So it wouldn’t end anytime soon.

[Some might think you’re a mage.]

“Good, I used it. I finally used it!”

Yu IlHan joyfully moved his body. Now, it was time to finish them off himself with the Thunderhammer that had started the typhoon.

Not even 10 minutes after that, Yu IlHan succeeded in cleaning all the monsters inside the dungeon. However, the insanely increasing number of monsters due to the 3rd Great Cataclysm, were all rushing over real-time as if they were all aiming for him, so at this rate, it would only be a repetition of what happened just now.

[IlHan, now!]

“Got it!”

Yu IlHan rushed into the mansion and activated the Hourglass of Eternity, at that moment, the intruding monsters were all ejected, and the mansion and its grounds was enveloped inside the barrier of the Hourglass.

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan checked his own state in this stopped world before sighing. Meanwhile, Liera checked on the outside world and muttered with a laugh.

[This reminds me of the time you were first left alone on Earth.]

“My miserable state is still the same as ever.”

[No, whether it’s then or now, IlHan, you’re cool.]

Liera sounded like an older sister with a large gap in age with her brother, praising him. However, it didn’t feel so bad, so Yu IlHan disarmed himself with a smile.

[Are you going to start right away?]

“Yeah. If possible, it would be good if I had a 5th class magic stone, but now I have the magic engineering knowledge, so I think I can complete it with 4th class magic stones.”

[The mansion? Then what else is there?]

“Armor and weapons. I definitely need 5th class magic stones for those. Moreover, I need to evolve the Language skill, I need it to become 4th class. Really, I would have no other wishes if I could kill 100 5th classes consecutively.

[To think my IlHan would grow so fast to say such a frightening wish right now…..]

Heading to the workshop, he immediately moved the Eternal Flame into the furnace.

He threw a single 4th class magic stone that was burning brightly as if it had finally returned to its home, and it received it gladly, and soon, a fire that could melt even dragon bones roared up. Yu IlHan nodded in satisfaction.

“Then should I start?”

[You said a flying fortress, but what are you going to do?]

“10 enormous parts to levitate the mansion and the grounds, 100 slightly smaller parts to control directions. Lines to connect all of them, as well as an operations room to control all of that. I also need to make around a thousand weapons that can attack both underwater, on ground, and in the air from anywhere.”

The line up made people wonder if that was something accomplishable by humans even if they spent an entire lifetime, but Yu IlHan moved as if the blueprints were all in his head already.

His brain contained the blessing of the god of smithing, as well as all the knowledge of magic engineering that the magic engineers had acquired over their lives in Lanpas. And with the materials with infinite potential he had gained in the hellish dungeon, nothing was impossible for him!

“Good, then let’s start with this.”

Yu IlHan immediately switched into work mode and started hammering away on metals and monster bones, but Liera who was watching, didn’t know what exactly was happening. She only felt that IlHan looked cool while he was smithing.

[So in the end, Nothing changed whether it was hundreds of years ago or now. IlHan takes action, and I watch……]

Muttered Liera and she seemed to laugh before she slapped her own cheeks. Thankfully, Yu IlHan couldn’t hear her as he was absorbed in work.

[Fuu, good. Now I’m energetic]

Although their positions were similar to before, there was one fact that she must not forget. It was that the Earth was very different now compared to a thousand years ago.

At that time, there was nothing that could harm Yu IlHan. At most, it was the sperm whale he hunted.

However, things were different now. As if to prove that it was different from other worlds, hundreds of 4th class monsters appeared, and in the future, even worse things would happen.

‘A naturally-occurring 5th class too…… perhaps its possible. No, it will probably come out.’

She wanted to believe that Yu IlHan could take care of all of them, but the reason he won against the fallen angel was only because he had calculated precisely and strengthened himself accordingly. He couldn’t be in that condition every time he faced a 5th class being.

And so, if, IF, Yu IlHan was put in danger against a 5th class being…

What would Liera do then.

There was nothing much to ask. The moment she received the blessing of the goddess of love, or perhaps even before that.

‘That will be the time…… I’ll use the powers given to me by the goddess of love.’

Liera made a not-so-light resolve while looking at Yu IlHan’s figure. She would make him live through the encounter whatever she had to do. Even if she had to pay a great compensation.

On the Earth where even the 3rd Great Cataclysm had temporarily stopped, only the repetitive hammering sounds resounded clearly and loudly.



Chapter 193

When Yumir came to himself, he was in a world he had never experienced before.

“Huh?”

He tilted his head and looked at the surroundings. The skies were all red, and the lands glistened in bloody light. It was strange, this new environment that he did not want to get used to. Just being here made him unpleasant, but he still felt an odd sense of safety.

“Grandma? Noona?”

Looking for the ones he was with until just a moment ago, he spread out his mana, but it was in vain. Nowhere in this wide world could he sense their mana.

They definitely destroyed a magic formation together, came back to Earth, and just as they were about to go back to the mansion, he seemed to get dizzy before an unbearable pressure seem to assault him and blew his consciousness away.

And waking up, he found himself here. He did not know what was happening.

“Dad…….”

Yumir looked for his dad first in this unknown situation. That wasn’t in vain as he could feel traces of Yu IlHan in various parts of this world. Of course, those were just traces, and the person himself couldn’t be felt, but right now, that was enough.

“So dad came here before.”

Having reached a conclusion, Yumir felt calmer than before. Just with the fact that Yu IlHan had been to this place before, he could sense the connection between him and Yu IlHan.

Holding himself from crying on the spot, Yumir pondered. If it was his dad, what would he have done in this situation?

“I know, kill everything in sight!”

That was all he saw of Ilhan as he grew up, as well as the only viable conclusion he could reach! In fact, Yu IlHan was doing the exact same thing on Earth right now, so Yumir had completely seen through him.

Yumir first grilled the dragon meat in the magic bag that Kang MiRae gave him and ate them. And he became level 192. Really, he was not that far off from evolving into a true dragon.

“…….Good.”

Since he was full, Yumir tensed himself and spread out his senses again. This time, he wasn’t trying to find other people, but trying to find the weakest enemies for him to kill.

However, the results were insane. He could only feel auras of strong beings that he had never felt before on Earth or any other worlds!

“Wow, so strong. Level 250, 253, 261, 274, 280 ……. Hmmm.”

At his current level, level 250 was somewhat doable but anything above that, he thought it was impossible. Perhaps things might change if he became a true dragon after the 4th class…… but since the world he came to were full of these freaks, Yumir was only confused.

“…….Okay.”

However, his disappointment did not last long. Many strong enemies meant levelling up faster through defeating them! His dad would be happier if he came back stronger, and he would also be able to fight against stronger enemies.

His instinct told him to dig a hole and hide as there were only stronger monsters than him here, but as he had grown after fighting monsters non-stop for a few years, Yumir knew very well that such embarrassment disappeared only after enduring through it.

“Then let’s go with this guy fir…..st?”

Just as he was about to start defeating them with the lowest levelled one first, he found a new presence he couldn’t sense before.

“…….Huh?”

The presence of monsters he had found until now all belonged to freaks with a minimum level of 250, but the one he sensed now was of level 1, or at most level 2. And they were bunched up in one spot.

Humans. Yumir instinctively felt it. Weak, and young humans.

How? He didn’t know, but he couldn’t let this be. A frightening monster had sensed them and was fast approaching. However, it was fortunate that there was only one.

“Hhp!”

After realizing that, Yumir kicked off the ground. His chantless wind magic made his body lighter than ever.

At that time, he could hear a voice through the wind from not far away.

“Hik, Hiccup.”

“I’m scared. I’m scared.”

“Mommy, daddy……!”

It was the basics to hide one’s presence once one was placed in somewhere unknown, but those foolish human children were crying their hearts out as if someone will come help them if they did. And as expected, the monster raised its speed after settling on the target.

“*Sigh*.”

Yumir clicked his tongue like how his dad always did when seeing such people, and thought that this situation could be used to his advantage.

Now, Yumir’s concealment had also reached the master stage. Although he wasn’t confident that it would work against such high level monstered, if there were beings that could distract its attention from him, his chances of failure would decrease.

‘The strongest strike. And another strike hidden in that strike. I’ll be able to kill it if I do that.’

Thinking like that, Yumir took out a magic stuffed cookie from the magic bag and crunched on it. Yu IlHan’s dragon cooking, magic stuffed cookies and other numerous types of cooking raised Yumirs cooking skill considerably as well, and perhaps thanks to that, his overall power increase with a single magic stuffed cookie was over 20%.

‘Fuu, good. I can do this, it’s possible…..!’

Strong power gathered on his fist. The aura of wind enhanced through the 3 class advancements, as well as the physical combat he had inherited from Yu IlHan and trained in, as well as Superhuman strength he had also inherited, was all the power he could use at once right now.

Yumir could find the humans soon. As he had predicted from the beginning, young human children had gathered up in one spot.

Babies that didn’t even look 3 or 4 years old. In fact, they weren’t that much different in age to Yumir, but their power level difference was rather deplorable.

“I’m scared!”

“Mommy, where are you!”

[Kuaoooh!]

Instead of the mommies they were looking for a monster replied to them. It was a horrifying one with a height of over 20m tall, and one that spat out flames from all over its body.

Yumir could not understand its body structure despite looking at it, but was also assured that it was not an enemy he could not win against. A full frontal fight was still impossible, but if he could take the advantage with a surprise attack, it was doable.

Yumir’s innate attribute was wind. It was a sharper sword than anything, and at the same time, a sturdier shield than anything. He enveloped his body in wind in order to not get injured by the flames, and gathered all his destructive power into his fist.

‘Sharper, sharper, sharper.’

As if hypnotizing himself, Yumir muttered like that and leaped with all his power.

Although he couldn’t leap several kilometers in one go like Yu IlHan, the aura of wind below his feet acted as a booster, so his speed was not inferior to Yu IlHan’s instantaneous speed. The results of his training to move as quickly as his dad had finally borne fruit.

[Kioaaahk!]

“*Uwaaan*!”

“Monster, monster scary! *Uwaaan*!”

The children cried, and the monster found them and was about to assault them in a joyous mood.

But at that moment, Yumir’s frontal fist pierced through all the flames that guarded its body and hit the center of the head!

[Critical Hit!]

[Kuoooh!]

The monster screamed. However, Yumir accepted that as not a threat but a new opening and moved his body once again. While his momentum still existed, he kicked the head of the monster just like that!

[Critical Hit!]

Yumir’s kick covered in advanced wind magic had a very good affinity against the flames on its body. Even the flames made to protect the freak’s body was made his, as he proceeded forward. The perfect surprise attack made it lose all its flaming armor and allowed a near-fatal strike to its neck!

Of course, that was only possible because Yumir had a fantastic control over his wind magic. Yumir’s ability in controlling wind to soften anything each time he faced an external shock, was already beyond that of a simple 3rd class.

[Kuoooh!]

“Hmph!”

The monster that allowed 2 critical strikes to Yumir without even fighting back, roared and turned around. Although it wanted to eat those annoying crying kids, it was in too much pain to ignore Yumir!

“That’s not enough!”

However, its flames could not harm Yumir at all. Yumir, born from the flames Yu IlHan had put his heart into, innately had a strong resistance against fire, and that resistance, paired with the advanced wind magic, went beyond just enduring the flames, and used the flames against it.

“Wow, that!”

“It’s the hero!” 

“Hero!”

The children who could express their words a little forgot about crying and shouted with glistening eyes. Yumir thought that idiots were really not to his liking, and applied more mana to his body. 

[Kihaaah!]

“Give me experience!”

The freak with critical wounds on its head and neck went against the completely intact Yumir.

These demons relied more on their attributes than their physical abilities, so Yumir, who had the ability to nullify its flames, could fight it head on without much difficulties. The children couldn’t even think about running away from this battlefield and watched the battle, entranced.

“eeek! Iiii!”

[Khuaoooh!]

An unknown amount of time had passed since the cries of an infant dragon and the screams of a flame demon started intermixing. At one moment, Yumir’s fist finally smashed against the giant head of the monster.

[Kihk, Kihi……]

The monster couldn’t even shout one final word and collapsed on the ground. At that moment some unknown text appeared on the tired Yumir’s retina.

[You have earned 37??91?782?4 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 25? In??r??????.] 

“Fuu.”

Yumir sighed and landed on the ground as if he was collapsing. The battle was harder than he had expected. It was easy to inflict damage as the monster had a lower health compared to its level, but that was compensated by the strong mana it had possessed, so every single one of its attacks were dangerous.

“Uu, so difficult.”

And painful. As Yumir was no God, he could not control all the wind perfectly at every moment, so he was burnt here and there, and where he was nicked by the monster’s fist, his bones could almost be seen.

Although he was recovering fast with Dragonblood regeneration, unique to dragonkin, it looked like it would take a little time for him to make a complete recovery. Of course, this was a cheap price for winning against an enemy 60 levels higher than him.

“The hero won!”

“Hero!” “Hero!”

The children gathered around Yumir. However, Yumir ignored that and looked at the monster he had just killed. Seeing him silent, the children also stopped in their tracks.

“Hero……?”

And then, Yumir started taking action. He ripped out some flesh from the monster he had just killed, and took a bite.

“Kyaaak!”

“Kyaak! Kyaaak”

“Hero is eating monster! Dirty!”

Yumir, who possessed Extreme poison resistance and higher curse resistance, ate away the monster even while bearing the pain. Looking at that, the young children were taking steps back, but a growl could be heard.

“I’m hungry.”

“I’m hungry too.”

“Uuuu.”

Yumir stopped eating and looked at them. He hesitated a little before grilling a considerably less poisonous part and asked.

“Wanna eat? But you need to listen to me if you eat.”

The children, who were too hungry to refuse, gave into the devil’s temptation and accepted the meat. The interesting fact was that they did not die even after eating the poisonous meat that contained a curse.

It was unknown whether this was due to some weird transformation in their constitutions upon coming to this hell, or something else, but Yumir couldn’t think of that. He only thought that the other kids were able to eat them because he could do so.

Looking at the children eating away on the monster’s meat, Yumir smiled.

Now that they ate, they could not refuse him. No matter how young they were, or whether they were babies who couldn’t even walk, it did not matter.

They were all Yumir’s subordinates now. Although he didn’t know where he could use them, but making useless things useful was his dad’s field of expertise. He believed that he could do it too as the next in line of the Yu family.

Dragon’s Hell Army was born here.



Chapter 194

From the moment he opened the Hourglass, Yu IlHan had never stopped hammering away at the anvil.

He did not need a lot of sleep even when he was 2nd class. Right now, he could remain in his top condition with the rest energy generated naturally when not in battle, without even having to drink Breath or Bloodrink.

So, currently, Yu IlHan was closer to a machine than human. A machine that moved perpetually with the minimum amount of energy! Liera was watching over him for the first week or two, but seeing how Yu IlHan was not going to lie down at all, she tried to stop him for fear that he may have gone bonkers.

[You should not be able to ignore mental stress….. shouldn’t you rest for a little bit?]

“I decided to not factor in anything that cannot affect my actual body condition. Humans will do fine with willpower alone. Even I don’t feel like I’m human anymore.”

Yu IlHan replied while moving the carving knife made of dragon bones towards the unknown gigantic lump of metal. However, Liera rejoiced instead.

[Yes, you finally want to stop being human, right!]

“But not an angel either.”

[Why!]

This lump of metal was was so hard that it couldn’t be damaged by normal weapons, yet brittle enough for him to smash it apart if he put some strength into it. But as he had an understanding on all types of metals with the blessing of the god of smithing, he was masterfully etching on the metal without damaging the internal structure.

He mixed and matched several magic languages that made the magic formations created by the fallen angels look like a joke, and etched them on the lump of metal. The power of Blaze and the Eternal Flame focused on the tip of the carving knife ensured a precise and beautiful etching.

However, the most important thing was mana crafting. If Yu IlHan’s designs and the magic language did not harmonize well, mana crafting would immediately fail. Also, if the quantity of magic stones he used in mana crafting was less than that if required for the etched magic language, it would fail as well. Of course, the opposite was true too- mana would go berserk if he used too much.

Unlike what he was doing now, the creation of artifacts were something that usually took over 10 years.

And Yu IlHan poured out tens of 4th class magic stones in one corner of the workshop, precisely in order to commence mana crafting, prompting Liera to shout in shock.

[Why do you need so many 4th class magic stones?]

“I can’t help it if I want to build a magic device that is permanent. If I don’t want to spend any additional magic stones, I need to invest a lot at this point.”

And Yu IlHan cleanly used all of those magic stones to succeed in mana crafting. It was a high level technique he couldn’t even imagine when he first learnt the skill.

A mana crafting technique that bordered mastery, combined with a high level of magic engineering made this possible.

[They were all cleanly used up, wow. Insane….]

“The materials are good. You can see it as this being an alloy of all the rare metals from various worlds that I gathered through the auctions. It has incredible hardness, but what it truly excels in is its ability to absorb mana.”

Normally, metal alloys were created only after countless failures and despair, but Yu IlHan had received the blessing of the god of smithing. Liera listened to his explanation, and felt an inexplicable emotion while looking at the mysterious artifact.

[Now that Earth is expelling all others, you are making a weapon using metals from numerous other worlds to go against it…..]

“I had no such intentions……”

When the process was nearly over, the giant lump of metal started levitating without anyone needing to touch it, and Yu IlHan collected it into his inventory with a satisfied expression. On the other hand, Liera became speechless after feeling a level of magic that was comparable to epic grade artifacts.

[You, this is…..]

“Looking forward to it, huh?”

Yu IlHan achieved the feat of shocking an angel with just a single part, but did not stop to rest and started refining another lump of metal. He felt like he was one step closer to finishing the fortress every time he finished a part.

Right now, he did not worry about Yumir, his kin, not the Earth. He only looked forward to the results he was going to make.

[What if a God ranked artifact is actually born from a human? It really is a pity for Earth to be closed off.]

“We don’t know what is above chaos, perhaps god may not be the end.”

[You’re so easily saying there’s something above a deity….. no, it isn’t like it’s anything new from you so I’ll stop there.]

Liera became depressed and stopped speaking. Although the time she spent with Yu IlHan was overwhelmingly short compared to her whole life, that short period had changed her perspective on life.

Unpredicted change and mistakes on Earth, and Yu IlHan’s actions which she had watched up close. Those raised doubt in her heart. She had never doubted the word ‘absolute’ before, but she didn’t even know if such a thing existed now.

So, she could only say this.

[……Then prove it by making an actual one.]

“You think I can’t?”

Yu IlHan snorted and picked up the hammer again.

There was still a month and a half until the Hourglass of Eternity ended. It was more than enough time to finish the flying fortress.

***

Yu IlHan’s time flowed fast as always. Since he always found work to do without rest, he did not waste any time.

His concept of time was already beyond that of a human’s. Majority of humans scheduled their daily workloads, but as Yu IlHan moved towards achieving his objective, there was no ‘night’ nor ‘day’ in his working life, so the concept of ‘date’ had no real meaning to him.

Like that, 48 days passed, and 80% of the construction of the fortress was done, by his standards anyway. Yu IlHan finally started making the core devices of the flying fortress, the engines.

[Finally, you’re making something I know!]

Cheered Liera. She looked as if she would press the launch button on a spaceship at any second.

“Are you really an angel? And not a person of Earth?”

[You don’t think that we would work all the time during our long lives, do you? We are the king of disguising and enjoying human lives.]

“Yeah sure. That’s why you saw some blood in SNS too.”

[Don’t talk about that!]

In fact, Yu IlHan also found the making of the levitation engine for the fortress, much more enjoyable than refining and alloying metals. It was a man’s romance!

He made a gigantic engine, and implemented the power of the Leap skill he possessed through mana crafting, before ensuring continuity in the engines. And there was a total of 10 of these! The number of 4th class magic stones he had spent numbered over a thousand.

“First, I’ll activate a barrier that covers the entire mansion region and install this engine below it.”

[Will it really levitate with this?]

Now that the reality of the flying fortress was becoming closer, Liera’s expectations also rose. Yu IlHan answered with a smile and kicked his creation of other parts up a notch. From now, it was time to make devices that attracted monsters, and weapons that dealt with them!

In actuality, these were already included in the parts of the current mansion, so Yu IlHan only needed to modify them in order to suit the flying fortress. Of course, 4th class magic stones were also used without holding back here.

[Looking at the quantity of mana, I think it can kill a 4th class monster.]

“The final objective of the flying fortress is to restrain and inflict damage to 5th class beings. It has to kill 4th class ones easily.”

It was just a short while ago when he thought that installation type artifacts could not inflict a fatal damage to 4th class monsters, but such past was meaningless to him! Strong materials with high mana absorption ability increased by the day, and the number of magic stones also had increased a lot!

[But even so, you are being arrogant about that.]

“Fufu, will you be able to say that after you see this?”

What Yu IlHan took out along with those words was the body of the fallen angel.

[……]

Liera became speechless for a moment when she saw that, and smiled after seeing that he was pulling out the black feathers from the wings of the fallen angel as if he was plucking feathers from a chicken.

[Just what are you trying to make with that……?]

“The flesh and the muscles are honestly useless, but the rest are different. Especially their wings. When mana is imbued inside, it is expelled after changing its properties in a unique way and in a specific direction. What can we do with these characteristics?”

[We can reflect the opponent’s mana if we use it on a weapon.]

“You fool! I won’t be satisfied with such a passive method!”

[Hiik?]

Liera didn’t even know why she was being scolded. However, to Yu IlHan who had entered work mode, there was not a single shred of mercy in him.

He imbued mana into a piece of a feather, and the feather that received the mana immediately shot out an energy wave with a diameter of 10 millimeters and put a hole through the wall.

The process of amplifying, gathering, and shooting the mana was so natural and quick that it made people unsure about what actually happened.

Looking at the scene where Yu IlHan’s non-attributed mana was colored in black, and generating poison and curse attributes before shooting out in a straight line, Liera clapped.

[It’s the first time I’ve see that since there is no way lower existences could kill higher ones. Well, it’s nothing strange that you’re surprised since higher existences are already beyond the realm of laws……]

“I don’t care about other people! So, did you feel anything after looking at that?”

[Uh, I dunno……?]

Yu IlHan sighed. He could finally make a weapon that he had given up on until now as it would be useless against strong enemies, except, with these feathers. But Liera had such a lukewarm reaction!

He spoke in a serious and stern voice.

“It’s beams.”

[B, beams?]

“Beams.”

Yu IlHan’s eyes were full of stars. Liera thought that if expectations had any weight, the current Yu IlHan may be able to make the Earth collapse in itself.

“Condensing mana into a more destructive energy to shoot. It’s the perfect beam weapon!”

[Well, yeah. Fallen angels do fight a lot that way…..]

Since it was such a natural thing to higher existences, Liera didn’t seem to realize how amazing this was.

However, beam weapons would overwhelm all of Yu IlHan’s other weapons that he had made from the Giant’s Rubber Band or the magic gunpowder, in terms of speed. And not only that, even its destructive power would be superior to them. Beams were closer to Yu IlHan’s dream ultimate weapon!

“Higher existences are the best!”

[I’m sorry but I don’t think I can cheer so openly when you say that……? You won’t pluck mine out, right, right?]

Yu IlHan first put together tens of feathers and a few 4th class magic stones before grinding them into powder. Then, he made a huge mirror that could reflect his entire body with some room left over using dragon bones and other rare metals, before applying the powder over the surface of the mirror.

On top of that, he used another 4th class magic stone to mana craft! Yu IlHan wished deeply and even more deeply while mana crafting.

“BeeeaaaM!”

[Your desires are leaking!]

And the process was finished.

The black mirror made of the feathers belonging to a fallen angel reflected sunlight and began glistening, when the information on the item that Yu IlHan had wanted so much, had finally appeared on his retina.

[Miraculously apocalyptic and Unbelievably curseful Destruction mirror]

[Rank – Epic]

[Attack power – 7,500 (increases according to the magic the enemy possesses)]

[Durability – 12,700/12,700]

[Options –

1. Indestructible, and power increases according to time.

2. 30% increase in attack power and critical hit damage.

3. Moves by sensing the enemy and automatically intercepts.

4. Inflicts continuous damage by imbuing an undispellable curse to the exposed enemy.]

[A miraculous weapon that a crafter of a lower existence had made using a portion of a higher existences body. It has the ability to move by sensing the enemies, as well as the ability to amplify the internal mana to shoot energy beams, and also possesses the ability to absorb enemy attacks to reflect them back at higher power. However, it needs to absorb the natural mana once it is drained of its charged mana. Just this could be a weapon considered to be beyond the realm of the original concepts, but there is a function that is not activated yet.]

[That’s so OP!]

“Yes, it’s OP.”

Yu IlHan also acknowledged that. However, this was not the end. As the Akashic Record had explained, this was only a portion of an entire offense system.

“But it will become even more so.”

Looking at the destruction mirror that followed him in the air as if it had recognized its master, Yu IlHan’s eyes now contained an entire galaxy of stars.

Liera thought while looking at him.

The feathers, how many were there again?



Chapter 195

Having gazed at the potential of the destruction mirror to his heart’s content, Yu IlHan finally started what he really wanted to do – modifying the five shields that protected him, Aegis.

First, he coated the alloy on Aegis’s surface, and etched a shallow carving, before inlaying a special ink made of 4th class magic stones, feathers of a fallen angel, dragon blood and finally solidifying it.

[My, how pretty.]

“Right?”

However, that was not the end. The modification process was only complete with another mana crafting after spreading out the remaining ink on the surface and mixing a few more feathers in it.

As it was smaller, and was intended for defensive use, it had inferior destructive power and quantity of mana, but there was a meaning to this since he could shoot down enemies without him moving if it came down to it.

[What are you going to use the destruction mirror for, then?]

“Those are to be installed in the Bittersweet Persona. I need some for personal use, don’t I?”

[Don’t you mean you just want a sidekick?]

“Shaddap.”

Ignoring Liera who hit bullseye, he went into mass producing the destruction mirror. When he powdered all the feathers from the 4 fallen angels he had killed, he got about 20 liters, and Yu IlHan used up all of them to make exactly 100 destruction mirrors.

Since their diameter was 2 meters, just lining them up would get a 200m lane. Even Liera felt a sense of pressure while looking at them.

[Wow, it’s scary just looking at it……. It looks like this will be dangerous even for me……?]

“The climax hasn’t begun yet.”

There was something that was as special as the fallen angel’s feathers, and that was the bones of the fallen angels. Although he had a little difficulty making them into weapons since they didn’t have metallic properties, their absurd regenerative ability was so splendid that Yu IlHan didn’t want to throw them away.

What was even more special that this ‘regenerative ability’ didn’t refer to health, but magic.

“So higher existences are OP overall.”

[It’s not us that are OP, but that’s the standard for all higher existences. You can’t put them on the same line as lower existences, you know?]

Among the bones, the shoulder blades were the central parts of their skeletal system, and were also organs that connected the wings to the skeleton to ease the realization of their abilities. It was natural that the fallen angel’s abilities had taken a great hit when he destroyed those shoulder blades.

“The most important shoulder blades…… are all broken……”

[Can you please not make an expression that you’ve just lost faith in the world? The reason you were able to kill fallen angels easily in the first place was because you destroyed their shoulder blades!]

Despite that, the bones of the fallen angels had the ability to resonate with their wings, and control them. Then, what did he have to do with this? The answer was simple. Just grind them all and gather them up.

Yu IlHan left a single rib bone and ground all of the rest of the bones into powder and gathered them up. After that, he made a dough-like thing out of it by mixing the flesh of fallen angels and the blood of dragons, before sealing it into a cylindrical barrel made of alloyed metals.

“That’s one done.”

[What is that for? I thought you were going to make the bones into your weapon……. You’re not going to eat it, right?]

“Let’s mature that for 3 years and……”

[Kyaaak!]

Liera shivered after hearing that and screamed, when Yu IlHan smiled and shook his head.

“I’m not gonna eat it. That’s the final key to completing the destruction mirrors.”

[Bad guy, Bad guy!]

“The destruction mirrors are great weapons, but it uses up too much energy every time it shoots a beam, so it cannot continue shooting forever. Then, what is the solution? Throw magic stones at it every time it drains? Or wait for it to do some photosynthesis using sunlight? No. We need to use the overflowing mana within the mansion.”

[Then this barrel is…..?]

“It will be done soon. Look forward to it. It will be quite a sight.”

Yu IlHan repeated that process to make a total of 20 barrels, and used 4th class magic stones to make them into artifacts. After that, he placed them all together with the destruction mirrors and commenced mana crafting. This was a large piece of work that required him to use more than half of his remaining 4th class magic stones, 2,000 of them to be exact.

[Did you even calculate how much mana those magic stones will emit at the same time? I’d rather spend magic stones every time rather than spending so much now!]

“Look further ahead, Liera.”

He smiled while commencing mana crafting without the slightest bit of hesitation.

“We can’t just stop at Earth.”

[If you are that greedy, you’re really going to fail…… Ugyaaah!]

Light shot out. Seeing an overwhelming amount of light that filled the mansion and still had leftovers, Liera was shocked, thinking if this was really a phenomenon created by a lower existence, while Yu IlHan calmly harmonized the mana that looked like it would sweep over his body, and lead it in the correct direction.

[Hahaha…]

Liera could only laugh while seeing Yu IlHan leading mana as if he was conducting an orchestra.

Since when could he wield mana so well? Liera knew that he had talent, but still, it hadn’t even been 3 years since he started wielding it.

However, he was currently having little difficulties in controlling mana that was enough to decimate an entire country, to make a single artifact. He was showing much more proficient control over mana than her, who only knew how to gather mana and destroy enemies.

Twenty barrels and hundred mirrors were exchanging energy while facing each other according to the lead of the magic stones. The wings and bones that were originally one, but now apart, were now being connected again, just in a different form.

An unknown amount of time passed since the light overwhelmed their vision. Just when Yu IlHan spent all the mana in the magic stones and continued using his own mana as all of that was still insufficient, was about to consider drinking mana potions, the light finally started dying down.

[Hundred Eyes is complete.]

Finally, a sentence that made Yu IlHan think of success, came up in his retina. Looking at the mirror and barrels that were emitting faint black auras, and were vibrating a little, he carefully called out the information on the weapon.

[Hundred Eyes]

[Rank – Chaos]

[Attack power – 8,800(Increases according to location installed, and according to enemy faced)]

[Durability – 316,000/316,000]

[Options –

1. Once every 24 hours, it is possible to shoot towards one target for 30 seconds, ignoring the remaining mana.

2. Grows permanently by absorbing the mana of killed enemies.

3. Automatically recovers durability by consuming stored mana when durability drops.]

[The destruction mirrors, which are frightening weapons on their own, were mass produced, and was enhanced with devices to periodically supply energy and enhance the power, was created as a masterpiece to overcome the record of a world. The only disadvantage is that it may not be able to use the full power if not installed in the proper location.]

Checking the information, Yu IlHan spoke with a sigh of relief.

“Good, for now I got Chaos.”

[For now……? You just made a weapon that is even suitable to be installed in the front line bases of Heaven’s Army and ‘for now’……?]

“The real challenge starts here.”

Checking that his artifact was successfully made, the smile never left his lips. However, the toast of victory wouldn’t be too late for after the flying fortress was successfully completed! Yu IlHan endured his desires to test out the Hundred Eyes, and put them inside his inventory. He still had some work to do.

He spent around 500 4th class magic stones to create various stuff like additional arms, and traps on the walls and inside of the fortress, and only after his many 4th class stones were reduced to around 1,300, did his work end. By this time, there was only 2 days left in the barrier duration.

“Well then.”

[Are you going to make something else? Oh, there was personal equipment, wasn’t there?]

“Let’s rest.”

[What!?]

Liera was as shocked as if she had just heard that Yu IlHan was not a virgin. These two shared similarities in that they were not possible.

[Rest? You’re lying, right? You said you didn’t need any.]

“I said I didn’t need one, but I never said I don’t want one. Since I finished everything I have to do within this period, it will be fine if I give myself some reward. Rest is the best entertainment, after all.”

While Liera became speechless at the words ‘rest is entertainment’, which would normally be said by higher existences, Yu IlHan headed to the bath in the mansion after exiting the workshop he worked in for 2 months. Then, he took out the Giant Bucket, which he had also worked with for the past two months, and poured hot water in it.

After the water levels became suitable, Yu IlHan boldly threw away his clothes and jumped in. However, just as when he was feeling a sense of strange satisfaction due to the resonance of the bucket and the water, Liera very naturally took off her clothes and came into the bucket.

[I can enter too, right?]

“You’re already here though!”

[Yup, it’s too late even if you say no.]

Liera always learned the bad things off Yu IlHan, such as making wrongs into rights, and being stubborn. Yu IlHan had to try his best to not eye the body that had a violent volume, which would probably quantify as 100,000 attack power if it was even quantifiable.

“Don’t you have any shame? Even blood related sisters don’t do that.”

[It’s fine since I’m not blood related.]

“That’s even worse!”

Even though he was confident that he knew a lot about her, she made him panic from time to time with unpredictable actions like these.

[Huhihi.]

“Don’t make strange laughs. You sounds like Miss YuNa.”

[Ah, so refreshing!]

Yu IlHan barely held himself from staring at the blond hair that looked more vibrant due to the water.

From his estimations, Liera was treating him too closely, and that was because her emotions were going berserk due to having forgotten them for a long time. Though, what was actually happening, was that Liera was thinking about how to surpass Na YuNa naturally and take the lead once more. Only Yu IlHan himself was making weird hypotheses.

‘This dumb angel must not know how her frightening chest makes a man think.’

Well, it was like him to think that Liera had no feelings beyond those of close comrades.

Precisely because he confirmed Na YuNa’s feelings, the conviction that there was no way there would be two that liked him, was pervading his mind. Truly dumb.

[You should look at me since we’re in together!]

“Hey, at least disarm yourself if you are going to enter a bath that someone’s already in. Unless you disarm yourself, I’m not keeping any etiquettes.”

[Arm? I’m not armed at all? Look, I’m in my birth state other than the wings.]

“That’s what I call armed. So you shouldn’t have come in at all.”

[You’re too much!]

Even while grumbling, Liera was all smiles. She knew that Yu IlHan couldn’t chase her out despite all that he said. She liked the not-honest Yu IlHan. Of course, Yu IlHan couldn’t calm down at all.

“No matter how close we are, there’s a limit to how close a man and a woman can be…..”

[IlHan, it’s alright, right?]

Liera threw a completely sudden question to Yu IlHan just as he was grumbling. However, Yu IlHan understood her question, and was more upset because of that.

“Aren’t you changing topics too nonchalantly now? And with a sneaky tactic, too?”

[It really is alright, right?]

Yu IlHan grumbled that Liera learned only the bad things off other people when she asked again. However, he replied in a more serious voice this time.

“Yes, it’s alright.”

[Okay!]

“Uaaah!”

Liera suddenly assaulted Yu IlHan in this small bucket and hugged him!

The smooth and voluptuous body that made him feel awkward just by looking, was instantly drawn closer to him and stuck on to him. Yu IlHan couldn’t move due to panic.

“Wh, what is it?”

[You said it was alright to hug!]

“You deceived me, Liera!”

[Hahahahahaha!]

Liera didn’t care about what Yu IlHan had said and laughed as if she had acquired everything she wanted in the world. Yu IlHan had to struggle to get out, but he had to give up.

Not only was it hard to get out as it was so slippery, he instinctively felt that it would bring about a larger catastrophe (mainly on Yu IlHan’s mentality).

“Yes, do whatever you want.”

[No, I’ll endure it.]

“You’re not enduring at all!”

[I’m enduring an enormous lot!]

“Bullshit.”

Although it was very violent and incomprehensible, it was probably her own way of consoling him. He could only focus on training the mind and accept that such an outgoing angel became his guardian angel.

[Fufu.]

Just as when Yu IlHan was wondering about what to choose between counting prime numbers and reciting the national anthem, Liera pushed her already stuck body even more and smiled even more brightly.

She had the same smile that made him able to endure the time he was supposed to be unable to endure.

[Everything will go well.]

“Hmph, I used up so many magic stones so that’s natural.”

Her finish was mean as well – thinking that, Yu IlHan replied.

“I’m fine so get off me now.”

[Tch, even this doesn’t work.]

The dense man who somehow ended up misunderstanding other people’s hearts in some way or another, and the weak woman who couldn’t be decisive when it came down to it, rested comfortably in the two days in frozen time.

And, the time finally arrived.

Yu IlHan perfectly installed all the artifacts and installation-type weapons inside and outside of his mansion, and commenced the final mana crafting.

[Destroyer’s Flying fortress is complete.]

[You have created a God-ranked artifact. The title, ‘Creator of Myths’ s criteria has been fulfilled and has grown. Additional options are added when a God ranked artifact is created.]

This was the moment when the unprecedented artifact, and one that will never come about again even in the future, was born.



Chapter 196

[Destroyer’s Flying fortress]

[Rank – God]

[Durability – 13,565,777/13,565,777]

[User restrictions – Yu IlHan. Changes once owner is lost.]

[Options –

1. Recovers durability using the life force and mana from attackers.

2. Automatically attacks all beings that enter without permission from the owner.

3. Grows by absorbing records of various beings.

4. Fortress can fly. Sudden acceleration, sudden rise, sudden deceleration is possible.

5. The fortress and all items inside are treated as the owner’s equipment. The ones in party with the owner can be treated like a member of the fortress and will receive protection.]

6. 20% increase in attack power and defense for all items within the fortress.

7. 30% increase in attack power and defense for all items within the fortress.]

[A battle-oriented mobile air fortress that a magic engineer of miracles had implemented using materials at the top of the chain in countless worlds. The fortress has grown by absorbing numerous records to become able to counteract against anything, and has acquired a new potential while changing form.]

[Oh my god, you actually made it!]

Whether it was before or after Liera became an angel, she did not see many god-ranked artifacts. The last one she saw was the Hourglass of Eternity that was given to Yu IlHan as a reward.

God ranked implied that the artifact had the power that rivalled recorded gods in the very least. And the Destroyer’s Flying fortress, was at the top of the chain amongst all the few God-ranked artifacts Liera had seen.

7 options! And they were all absurd too!

[So it’s actually possible……]

“I wanted to see what was above that but I guess that’s just being greedy of me. This is fine. Thanks to this I……”

Originally, two options of the same properties would not appear on the same item.

However, the flying fortress, which should have ended with just six options, acquired an additional option thanks to the evolved ‘Creator of Myths’ title, and an enhanced version of the 6th option appeared on the 7th, and the result was that all weapons in the fortress now acquired a 50% increase in their powers.

“Do all god-ranked crafters acquire the ‘Creator of Myths’ title?”

[Didn’t Erta explain? Titles are born with the records of the beings as the basis, so that is unlikely. Rather than that, to think even the title evolved in an extreme way….. so the words making up the title is important too.]

Liera muttered as though she didn’t even know that it was possible for there to be a title that attached another option on an item.

Practically, Destroyer’s Flying fortress could be said to be above God-ranked. The elements making up the fortress, such as the weapons, traps and other artifacts all had options of their own as well, so how cruel would the synergy be after them stacking on top of this?

[Ah, I think the barrier is going to break.]

“Prepare yourself, Liera. This will be the start.”

The moment after Yu IlHan said that to Liera, the Hourglass of Eternity that lasted 2 months perfectly shattered.

[Kuwaaahn!]

[Destroy, let’s break that unsightly building!]

The monsters that were chased out before the two months that didn’t last an instant, tried to invade while not knowing what had happened, but the Destroyer’s Flying fortress that had activated did not easily let any one of them in.

First, an earthquake that shook and rumbled across the region made them retreat, and a tall outer wall rose on the outer perimeter of the flying fortress. The wall that had fatal electric current flowing through it instantly paralyzed all monsters in the area.

However, this was merely the beginning. The true power of the flying fortress only started now!

“Flying fortress, take off!”

[It makes me embarrassed so don’t go shouting that so openly! And we’re not even up yet!]

“I can’t help it. There are much more monsters on the ground than in the air!”

That was why he had to move after cleaning up this area first. Immediately after he thought that, his masterpiece, the Hundred Eyes that he had poured his heart and blood into, finally activated.

[What are those mirrors?]

[They look ominous……!]

Twenty barrels absorbed the overflowing mana within the fortress, and all the absorbed mana was then imbued into all the destruction mirrors. The hundred mirrors were all charged with mana and started glowing. The scene was a sight to behold.

“It’s starting.”

After Yu IlHan quietly muttered, the hundred destruction mirrors, now that they fulfilled both the activation requirements, mana charging and finding enemies, all floated into the air at once. They were quiet, but fast.

[Wow, such a sight.]

“I… finally did it…….!”

For the eyes of someone that didn’t understand, this was just a beautiful sight, but to Liera and Yu IlHan who knew of the power behind, this was an overwhelming sight. However, the monsters unfortunately were not aware of this.

[There was nothing like that just a moment ago……!]

[It’s definitely strange. But I do not care. If it is harder than before, then I only hit harder than before!]

The monsters did not care even though they realized that the outer walls and even the inside of the walls were completely different than just now, and still charged forward! However, the rewards for their courage was a beam.

As if there was a special orbital route around the manson, the destruction mirrors all started orbiting around, and started mercilessly shooting energy beams once they found a target!

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned 45,696,019 experience.]

[You have earned 39,103,458 experience.]

Thanks to the newly added option that the completed fortress had, all non-organisms within the fortress counted as Yu IlHan’s equipment.

What that meant that there was no need for Yu IlHan to monitor everything in his study, and automatically acquire all the experience that the fortress kills.

[You have earned 314,595,586……]

[You have……]

Yu IlHan felt strange since experience kept piling up without him having to flick a finger.

“Is this the feeling of a bug player using macro keys!?”

[No, this is at the level of a free server!]

While Hundred Eyes shot down the monsters, Yu IlHan waited for his turn to come and prepared himself with the Eight-tailed dragon spear in one hand.

However, his spear ended up not being used in battle. The monster horde that tried to assault Yu IlHan after the 3rd Great Cataclysm were all decimated in front of the flying fortress.

“So vain…..”

[You were too fired up.]

“Fuu, so the strong are lonely beings…..”

[You’re actually enjoying this, aren’t you?]

Yu IlHan bitterly put away the spear and checked his spoils. As if being a proof that Earth was insane, he had acquired more than 300 4th class magic stones just in this battle alone, and going over to the 3rd class ones, he was just tired of counting them all.

“I think this is more than what I gained from wiping out the dragons in Dareu.”

[But it looks like all the monsters in Korea are dead. If you want to kill anymore, you would have to look for dungeons.]

“Dungeons huh.”

Yu IlHan thought about dungeons for a second. In fact, he had some plans regarding those, but……

“Not yet.”

[Not what yet?]

“You’ll find out even if you don’t want to later.”

Liera felt very ominous but decided not to ask. She didn’t want to feel bad right now. There should have been an Erta for comebacks here!

“Good, then I can go to another country!”

[In fact, you just want to try flying the fortress, don’t you?]

“Yes! I want to fly it so bad!”

Yu IlHan really didn’t hesitate in letting his desires leak out!

At the same time he replied to her, Yu IlHan focused with his eyes closed, and amazingly, at that time, faint light seem to leak from the region making up the flying fortress, including the mansion, before a barrier formed around the perimeter.

That was the basic shield that activated for the stability of flight, and was also a method to sever the connection between the land.

[So we only need to levitate now?]

“No, the root part still hasn’t been separated yet. This is why, I prepared something else.”

The moment he said that, the fortress trembled. Especially, the barrier itself caused large vibrations to completely sever the connection between the flying fortress and the earth!

[Whoa.]

This was also a result of Yu IlHan’s artifact, but it was amazing that he had applied the power of vibrations not on an artifact, but on a crystallization of mana known as the barrier. Liera seemed to remember something while looking at the hyper vibrations on the barrier.

[This is from the vibration demon?]

“Although I couldn’t implement it perfectly, but yes. I did use its body.”

An unknown amount of time had passed since the barrier started causing vibrations. The surface of the ground, where the barrier met the ground, started cracking with a loud sound. That was the sound of freedom.

[Wow, the heavy fortress is being entirely lifted……!]

The flying fortress slowly floated into the air while shaking off the restraints of the ground. The adventurous heart of a young boy that was still alive to this day in Yu IlHan’s heart, also started floating as well.

“It’s floating. It’s really floating.”

[Don’t you have to go to the study to control this?]

“Well, I did make a control room for it.”

Feeling the renewed god-ranked artifact that was the fortress, Yu IlHan smiled and spoke.

“Since the entire fortress is being treated as my equipment, I think I can wield the fortress without me moving like when I’m using the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory.”

[That option had such an absurd power besides gaining experience for yourself!?]

This was not god-ranked for nothing, and all of the options were not ordinary. Even the ordinary-sounding ones had absurd, extraordinary functions. Like how Yu IlHan could freely control the fortress with just the option that treated the fortress as his equipment!

The flying fortress detached itself from the ground completely in a while, and ascended through the air. Yu IlHan levitated the fortress high up without being urgent, and only after he spent around 5 minutes did he reach the height he wanted.

“Fufufu……”

Even though he already had an experience with flying with the Ruin Calling, stepping on the ground in the skies felt special. Yu IlHan muttered while looking down towards the ground in satisfaction.

“The humans look as if they’re trash!”

[The only human on Earth right now is you!]

Of course, there was no reason to make such good weapons for his fortress if flight was all that he wanted. His first objective was an aerial fight. One that went against a large quantity of monsters!

From the moment the flying fortress flew up into the sky, it was emitting strong mana towards all directions. The mana emitted possessed at least 5 times as much power as the Traps of Destructions scattered on Earth. Yu IlHan did not doubt at all that that would attract the aerial monsters.

[You would simply be fooling around if you wanted to compete against the smiths of Heaven.]

“I’ve surpassed them a long time ago.”

Yu IlHan’s eyes glistened. Liera became scared after hearing that, as she remembered back to him mentioning the Traps of Destructions. No way, don’t tell me – was her feelings, but, perhaps….. no, it shouldn’t be.

While Liera was in deep thought, Yu IlHan shouted in cheers with a bright red face.

“God, after the skies it’s the seas!”

[This can go underwater too!?]

“It has a barrier to keep out water, so sure….?”

Liera became speechless after hearing Yu IlHan say that as if it was obvious. She didn’t know Yu IlHan even factored that in when making the barrier!

“A mobile fortress should be able to achieve aerial, terrestrial, and oceanic fights without much strain, no? Only then will I find some hidden dungeon on earth.”

[……]

Yes, one had to give up a lot of things (mostly common sense) when facing this guy, but why did she even bother holding onto them.

Liera decided to smile without saying a word. Now, she had the confidence to not be surprised even if he said that it was possible to fight in outer space.

“Of course, outer space fights are possible too.”

[WHaaaT!?]

With Liera’s ‘confidence’ instantly crumbled, the presence of monsters neared. The ‘cannons’ on the flying fortress revealed themselves, and Yu IlHan shouted with shiny eyes.

“Wipe them all out!”



Chapter 197

Ground battles had a lot of limitations, no matter how wide of a plain the battleground is, there are a lot of monsters that cannot come due to obstacles like mountains, seas and cliffs.

Moreover, there were not many monsters that drilled through the ground, so all that he could fight were monsters with their feet on the ground. There was no need for Hundred Eyes to even act.

The air is different. Although the only monsters that can fight aerial battles were limited to those that could fly, any and every monster that felt the mana wave emitted by the fortress would try to come and join the fight. Their attacking directions weren’t limited to just front, back, left and right, but up and down as well, so the battle area would expand by several fold!

Monsters were everywhere. Perhaps all the monsters that could fly were gathering in this area, as the sun was nearly blotted out. There were just that many monsters gathering towards a single target, the flying fortress.

[Though, usually, one would be in despa…….kyaaak!]

“We’ll go even faster from now on.”

Usually, it would consume a lot of mana to move an artifact this big, very fast. This was also why Yu IlHan had put his heart into making the engines to levitate and drive the flying fortress.

However, the 4th option enabled for sudden acceleration, sudden rise, and sudden lowering, and did not place a lot of pressure on the engine. The amazing fact about this option was that it did not take a lot of mana to do so!

“Sudden acceleration!”

When Yu IlHan willed it, the barrier enveloping the entire flying fortress activated again and vibrated. Like that, the fortress itself practically became a giant bullet and charged against all the monsters up front!

It was quite strange, whether it was seeing Yu IlHan ordering the flying fortress as if ordering Pokemon to body slam, or whether it was seeing the flying fortress actually obeying his orders.

[The scale is way too big!]

“Go!”

[Kihik!]

[Kihiii!]

[Something, is coming!]

The enormous size, weight, vibrations, on top of its speed, made it impossible for even the flying monsters to dodge.

Moreover, leaving aside whether they could dodge if the flying fortress was only just charging forward, it also emitted mana waves, as well as physical vibration waves, to make the movements of the monsters dull!

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

The moment the large swarm of aerial monsters and the flying fortress collided, countless ‘critical hit’s etched on Yu IlHan’s eyes. However, he ignored all of them and ordered another sudden acceleration, and the majority of the monsters charging towards the fortress were smashed apart like bowling pins.

[……How many just died?]

To Liera who asked with a pale face, Yu IlHan replied nonchalantly.

“Around 30,000 in the two accelerations.”

[Thirty thousand……]

If there was a disadvantage to physical attacks, it was that the range was limited unlike magic that could burn an entire region. No matter how large Pokemons body-slammed, they couldn’t attack more than several Pokemons at once.

However, Yu IlHan ended up enlarging the body of the attacker to overcome those limits. The overwhelming surface area of the 7XL-sized cannonball had become a splendid weapon!

Liera thought that Yu IlHan perhaps made the flying fortress precisely in order to slam against everything.

[How long would it take until the monsters on Earth are wiped out……?]

The sudden acceleration didn’t just end with twice. The continuous charge attacks got rid of most of the mobs, and after that, Yu IlHan activated Hundred Eyes to take care of the 4th class monsters that didn’t die so easily.

“Activate Hundred Eyes!”

[Is there some kind of magic that amplifies their function if you shout it out loud?]

“No, but I feel better.”

[How honest.]

Hundred Eyes, which were recharging mana obediently after their usage on the ground, received Yu IlHan’s will and started moving again. However, their directions were different from last time. Their orbit was bigger, and they were also a lot further from each other.

[Huh? The orbit changed.]

“This should be the norm. The destruction mirrors do not need protection from the fortress. No, to be exact, it must not receive protection from the fortress.”

Yu IlHan’s original idea had two orbits for the Hundred Eyes. First was a small ellipse within the fortress, with the mansion as the center. This was the ground-battle mode.

This made it possible to protect the mansion, but made it difficult to attack outside the fortress.

And the second, was to orbit on the surface of the barrier that protected the fortress.

Destruction mirrors had the splendid ability to shoot mana stored in it, but their core abilities was to suck enemies’ mana and reflect it back. However, inside the fortress, it was difficult to bring that ability out to its fullest. These things must grow outside while getting beaten up!

[Now that is really like a flying fortress.]

“It was like a flying fortress from the beginning though.”

The scene of hundred gigantic mirrors orbiting around the fortress as though satellites around a planet, gave them a feeling like no other. Liera became slightly proud as this was something she couldn’t see often even in Heaven.

However, would she able to hold on to those thoughts after seeing what happened next?

[He is there.]

[He’s the one that mercilessly massacred our kin.]

The monsters that were able to dodge the charge with ease, and those that had high mana resistance, tried to invade the fortress after it became quiet, but the destruction mirrors on the surface of the barrier blocked their paths.

Naturally, the speed of these destruction mirrors weren’t possible without support. The vibrating barrier was supporting their movements.

[Kihiii!]

[Erase and destroy.]

These enraged-for-who-knows-what-reason monsters tried to destroy everything in their path. But that didn’t mean that they didn’t know of the dangers of the destruction mirrors, it was just that they wished to break whatever that blocked their paths and proceed forwards!

[Kuoooh!]

However, disaster struck them. The destruction mirrors sucked their health and mana in the moment of contact, and amplified it before reflecting it back as an energy beam. This time, the scale of this attack was a lot larger than when the fortress was on the ground!

“Go! Kill them all!”

[Wow………]

Energy beams that resulted from the power focus of the destruction mirrors extend out from the sky to the ground and pierced everything in its path. A hundred such battles were occurring simultaneously so it seemed as if it was raining light from the sky.

It was a spectacular, but rather sad scene.

“How is it, a much better picture than on the ground, no?”

[How beautiful…… Though, the results wouldn’t be so…]

Muttered Liera. And she was correct indeed.

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Kihik!]

[I cannot see in front of me!]

[My eyes, my eyes!]

[Kuaaak!]

Even the monsters in the hell dungeon he had been to wouldn’t come out unscathed after being struck by these beams. There was no way these beginner-level 4th class monsters would be able to be intact after the beams even if they managed to dodge the charge of the flying fortress.

Screaming in pain was the same whether one was human or monster. In this wide stage known as the sky, a symphony of monster screams resounded.

[Kuaaah!]

[Higuh, Hguoooh!]

Blood, flesh and bones scattered everywhere. The lucky ones died instantly, but the unlucky ones had to roll around in pain after having lost the majority of their bodies. Although he’d have an easier time killing them off if this was on the ground, since the fortress was in the air, he couldn’t do much about the falling monsters.

Fortunately, Hundred Eyes would stay active until the monster was killed or it ran out of mana, so it did not care about whether the monsters fell to the ground or shot up into the sky and just chased them until they met their end with its beams. To the monsters, this was no different from hell.

Though not as fast the charge of the fortress, an absurd amount of monsters were dying at an absurd rate. This was even more amazing considering that the majority of them were late-stage 3rd class, or beginner stage 4th class.

“Good, even the fastest aerial monsters cannot dodge so I can conclude that this will be useful against all lower existences.”

[I think this will work against 5th classes too…….?]

“I’m not so sure. It won’t be that easy, but perhaps it’s possible if they’re tied down somehow.”

However, it was true that this was at the level of apocalypse right in this place. There weren’t a lot of opportunities to fight 5th class, and the growth of the flying fortress had not ended so it was well worth looking forward to.

Yu IlHan had checked enough that the Hundred Eyes were working properly, so he also unfolded Ruin Calling and flew up.

[You’re going to move too?]

“The sky is different from the ground. Just the quantity of monsters are different. I should decrease them to save on mana consumption.”

Of course, his objective was not only that. It was true that Yu IlHan had indeed made the fortress to take care of Earth alone, but if he left everything to the fortress, then he himself wouldn’t have any growth.

If he did not have any growth, his skills would not develop, and his skills did not develop, then it would be impossible to acquire 4th class.

He was gaining so much experience through this massacre, but if he lost the chance for all of that experience to be applied to him, then how frustrating would that be! He had to train his skills against these weak ones before the stronger ones popped out.

“Huiyaaah!”

When he leaped beyond the barrier of the flying fortress, the monsters that were being tossed around by Hundred Eyes all looked at him. This guy just left his safe haven! – they thought that this was their opportunity to kill Yu IlHan.

And that, was the worst possible decision they could make.

[It’s him!]

[Foolish human giving up his own life!]

[Kill him! We will gain freedom once we kill him!]

They ran towards Yu IlHan faster than high schoolers coming out for physical education class.

Of course, many of them dropped out in the process due to Hundred Eyes, but despite that, their numbers were so overwhelming that even Hundred Eyes couldn’t shoot all of them down. Really, it seemed like all of the aerial monsters on Earth were gathering in the sky above Korea.

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan leaped once more to go higher and laughed after seeing various monsters that charged towards him. Their incomprehensible hatred, as well as the strange and fast development of Earth, was all a blessing for him right now.

“Very well. Come on at once! I’ll master these skills in a flash!”

[How about the blessing of the goddess of fire?]

“That makes me awkward so don’t ask.”

[Yes, sir.]

Yu IlHan shut Liera up instantly and gripped onto his Eight-tailed dragon spear. Although he thought about taking out Aegis, he found it too wasteful to use his sidekick…..Aegis, against that level of monsters.

Although others wouldn’t believe this even if they saw, Earth was only in the initial stages of the 3rd Great Cataclysm. More drastic changes would arrive soon, and the number of 4th class monsters would increase as well. It would be fine if he took out Aegis at that time. Right now, it was time for him to train the skills with his own body.

“Well then.”

He wrapped his body in Eternal Flame and created Blaze on top of it. Finally, he enhanced the mixed flames with Dragonic Blood, which he could use even now when he was far away from Yumir, then which a bright flame brighter than the sun covered his body.

[……Huh?]

Liera, who thought that Yu IlHan was using many flames at once to receive the blessing of the goddess of fire, but voiced her doubt regarding another matter.

[Why can’t the monsters find you all of a sudden?]

“Fufu.”

Yu IlHan smiled; his body still enwrapped in brilliant flames that even 4th class beings could not look directly upon.

“Being brighter than anyone else, and concealing oneself in front of everyone else. That, can be called the realm of concealment meisters.”

[Ah, uh, yeah…… okay. So there was such a realm…..?]

Since no monsters couldn’t see him directly, his concealment skill automatically activated! The truth was always simple.

Liera thought that Yu IlHan’s eyes were glistening unusually, but did not ask about it since she was a kind person.

“I’m going! You’re all dead!”

The loner charged in the air while concealed, drawing a trail of bright fire. No monsters could find his figure, and that continued until all the monsters met their deaths in the air.

Truly a sad occurrence.



Chapter 198

After Yumir saved tens of children from the threat of a monster, they followed him, calling him hero.

“I’m going this way.”

“Hero!”

“Wait for me, hero!”

These children were born after the 1st Great Cataclysm, so they were at most three or four years old, but they were smarter than their age, and were bigger in size as well.

Not only did they speak well, they understood Yumir’s words, and even followed him. Even if it was being baits to draw in monsters with their life on the line! They completely believed in him because Yumir had saved their lives once.

This was a very strange matter, but Yumir was born with the ability to speak, as he was a dragon, so he did not know what was strange with those humans, and just thought that it was convenient because they understood him.

The strange thing about the children wasn’t limited to just that. They ate the poisonous and cursed food well, and although it was difficult to find out due to the environment they were in, they were becoming stronger at insane speeds.

And Yumir knew why they were becoming stronger. Party play? No way. To level up through contribution during hunts, the children were too weak. Yumir would be satisfied if they just didn’t get in the way. The answer was much simpler than that.

“I level up when I eat meat!”

“I get strange skills too.”

“I also level up if I eat dragon meat.”

“Dragon! Hero is amazing!”

It wasn’t so rare to level up by eating monster meat. At least, among monsters, that is. Growing through eating the meat of one’s own kin was very natural.

However, these children were no monsters, nor were the monsters their own kin. Yumir pondered on that for quite awhile, but had to give up.

“Being strong is a good thing.”

If mankind knew of this matter, they would get noisy, saying ‘Humankind has evolved according to the harsh environments of the Earth’, or ‘This is proof that humans are becoming monsters!’ or whatnot, but right now, they were scattered over many worlds.

As one that only worshipped power presently, Yumir just thought that it was a good thing that they were becoming stronger, so he continued feeding them the monster meat. And to do that, he had to kill the monsters.

And one day.

[You have learned the skill, Rule.]

“Huh?”

Just as he was putting some grilled monster meat into the last girl’s mouth, some text appeared on Yumir’s retina.

“Huh?”

“Hero?”

When Yumir stopped moving, the child looked at him in confusion. Although this girl was only a crawling newborn when Yumir first saved her, right now, she looked like she was 5 or 6 years old. There were differences in growth rate among the children, and currently, she was growing up the fastest.

“Hm.”

Yumir, who read the text that appeared on his retina, remembered that his father, Yu IlHan, possessed the same skill. To Yumir, his father was the symbol of absolute power. He was happy that he became like him, even if it was a little.

“Who wants to be my underling?”

“Me!”

“Me too!”

The child right in front of him raised her hand in a flash. After that, the other children also raised their hands. However, as he had just acquired the skill, he could not take all of them. Yumir first decided to make the strongest 4 his underlings.

Of course, ‘strongest’ didn’t even amount to level 20, but considering that they only ate what Yumir give them while following him (though, they did suffer quite a bit), this was an insane speed of growth.

“If you become stronger I’ll make you my underlings.”

“Yeah!”

“Exciting!”

The children that became his underlings were excited, and the ones that couldn’t resolved themselves to become so in the future. But at that time, Yumir succeeded in finding new presences of humans again.

“Little children again.”

“Close? Are they close?”

“Hero, you’ll save them, right?”

Yumir looked back at the children he had saved and nodded seriously.

“More underlings are better.”

“Let’s go, now!”

“Be careful not to get in the way, you’ll die if you aren’t careful.”

Although he could have raised their morale, but he killed their morale instead. However, the children obediently listened to him. They knew plenty of the gap in them and Yumir, as well as the gap between them and the monsters. Really, their thought processes were unbelievable for their age.

[Kguoooh!]

“Eek!”

It seemed like the ones that felt the children wasn’t only Yumir, as he could hear a monster roar in the distance. Their movement speeds were unbelievably fast so if he took any more time staying here, then it was likely that he would be met with a cruel scene.

“This won’t do.”

Since he had decided to save them, he thought that he couldn’t miss them right in front of his eyes, and kicked off the ground and ran. The power of concealment, more natural to him than breathing, hid Mir from the world, and even deceived the laws of physics.

“Hhhhp!”

[Kihiaaa!]

Another round of roars. The screams of the children was farther away. When Yumir judged that he wasn’t too late, he put more power into his steps. The power of wind instantly amplified and pushed him forward!

[Kuhuuu!]

“Hah!”

He had ran for an unknown amount of time, when he saw the back of a monster emitting frost from all over its body.

Yumir accelerated once again with wind without any hesitation. The distance between the monster’s head and Yumir was instantly closed, but his concealment had not worn off yet.

“Hhp!”

Just before they collided, Yumir pushed his fist forward. The blood in his body raised the magic in his body and strengthened his fist to be even harder than his bones.

[Critical Hit!]

[Kahak!]

The monster instantly fell over due to that strike. Beyond that, Yumir could see the children of Earth hugging each other and shivering in fear. Unlike the first round of children, they were still in fear after looking at Yumir.

“He, suddenly appeared.”

“Scary…..”

It seemed like they feared everything they met since they wandered around by themselves for so long. Yumir became a little proud when he heard that he was scary, but since he had not completely defeated the enemy, he decided to thank them later.

Wrapping wind around his body, he concealed himself again. The demon was still rolling on the ground after the critical hit, so did not notice Yumir concealing himself. This, would bring about a more painful result for the demon!

[Critical Hit!]

[Kuhaaak!]

Being surprise attacked, no ice or magic would help. Moreover, it wouldn’t be so intact after being hit with a full strike from a dragon just before 4th class!

Now that Yumir had succeeded in his surprise attack, the more-than 50 levels gap between them no longer mattered. At least, that’s what Yumir learned from Yu IlHan. Though, to be exact, he learned that all of his own accord despite not having many chance to learn from him at all.

[Kuoooh!]

“That hurts no? It will be easy if you give up. I’ll make you rest easy soon.”

“Hiiik, scary!”

Yumir looked down on the demon with two fatal wounds on its body and laughed. His smile was becoming more like Yu IlHans. The children shivered more after looking at that.

“Scary.”

“So scary.”

After Yumir cleaned up the monster, the children at that place couldn’t even look at him properly, nor could they run away, so they just stood there shivering. Well, this was no surprise and in fact, was the norm since the person in front of them had just killed a frightening monster that was taller than 10m in height. This was fear, and admiration!

“Fufufufu.”

Yumir became even more proud after thinking that, and the children who arrived late was in confusion before running towards the new children.

“He’s the hero.”

“He’s our master.”

“Hero? Master?”

However, there was no way young children would be able to explain things properly! In the end, the oldest (4 years old) who amazingly realized that this would bring about more confusion, said in a serious voice.

“We just need to listen to him!”

“Listen…….”

“To him?”

“Then you can live!”

The children were still confused, but this seemed to be the clearest explanation the had heard. Confusion gradually died down, and their eyes looking at Yumir became lively again.

“I will listen to you.”

“Please save me!”

“Okay!”

Yumir accepted them all without the slightest bit of hesitation! Now that the situation was cleared up, Yumir felt better, and took a piece of meat out from the monster for himself to eat, and distributed the rest to the others as he spoke.

“You guys eat too!”

“Yes!”

The children all ate the monster, and became stronger a little. Although this had never happened on Earth until now, nor should it happen, for the children here, none of that mattered.

“It’s tasty after a while!”

“I got this level thing!”

“Uu, I was so hungry!”

What Yumir was curious about was how these children managed to survive and not die of starvation until he came to save them, but even the people in question did not seem to know.

‘Their bodies are full of mana. They must have absorbed mana to survive.’

Judged Yumir after looking at the state of their bodies. And according to his knowledge, there was only one type of life form that could survive on mana alone.

‘So they’re monsters and not human after all?’

In fact, none of that would matter to him. What was important to him was to become stronger like his dad, just that alone. The children were no more than stepping stones for him. Of course, he would have to protect them and make them stronger in the process as well. Everything was what his dad once did!

“Well, then. If you ate then let’s go. Now, you guys need to do what I say as well, okay?”

“Yes!”

“Un!”

Like that, Yumir’s army numbered 78. However, the growth of the army had just started. There was no way only 78 had survived out of all the babies born over three years.

Of course, the overwhelmingly vast majority of them would have died. If they fell next to a monster, they would instantly meet their deaths, and even if they weren’t so unlucky, if they did not acquire the power to turn mana into life energy, they died as well.

Only the ones with the most exceptional talent among the children endured until Yumir’s rescue.

“Hero!”

“Follow the hero!”

1 year had passed. The army increased to around 5,800 people, and the ones with the fastest growth rate looked to be around 12 years of age. Half of them had reached 2nd class, and the four that became Yumir’s subordinates the fastest was harboring around level 70. Such was their insane rate of growth.

And as for Yumir himself.

[There are guys over there too. It’s bothersome so some of you get on my back and let’s go.] (Yumir)

“I want to get on!”

“I want to get on the hero too!”

He was reborn as a splendid dragon of the 4th class.



Chapter 199

A clearing on a mountain located in the empire of Palladia. In this place, where human presence was already spread thin, a barrier had been erected to keep people out and a secretive experiment was taking place.

BOOOOOOOOOM!

And round one of the experiment ended in failure.

“Kyaaak!”

“Electric Shield!”

An enormous explosion that happened instead of something else, assaulted two people, but the safety magic quickly activated and protected the two from it.

“Is it a failure this time too?”

“……That seems so.”

Irma An Ill’ta, the first imperial princess……no, the person who had become empress since 3 months ago, asked in a nonchalant voice as Kang MiRae, the most trusted consultant of the empress and at the same time, the person who rose to the highest position among the people of Earth, replied while biting her lips.

“Don’t you think the connection is completely severed?”

“It is the world I was born in. There’s no way it was so easily severed. The connection is definitely there.”

“But at least with our abilities, it isn’t possible to reconnect it.”

“……”

The experiment they were carrying out was none other than attempting to connect two worlds. In the past, anyone else would have snorted at the thought of it, but it was something that happened naturally until just a while ago on Earth.

“…….Despite that.”

Kang MiRae felt a little down after hearing Irma’s words, but came to herself and replied.

“I can only continue working hard until it succeeds. Whether it is for the people here in Lanpas that want to go back to Earth, or for those people trapped in other worlds too.”

“Why don’t you just honestly say you want to see Mr. Yu IlHan?”

“Yes, I want to see him.”

Kang MiRae’s honestly put Irma at a loss for words. However, Kang MiRae only blushed a little, but did not have much of a change in her expression even as she continued speaking.”

“I wanted to see him 365 days a year, so I cannot say I do not want to see him. It wasn’t this bad even when I was separated with YuNa for 10 years.”

“Uh, hey……. sorry. I mentioned it since you didn’t look like you acknowledged that…… fuu, how quickly times change.”

“It’s fine.”

Kang MiRae giggled seeing Irma An Ill’ta’s red face. Only she would be able to make the empress of an empire panic so much.

“The related skills are rising rapidly, so I believe that I’ll be able to achieve results soon.”

“…..Yes. I also wish for Earth to be reconnected to Lanpas, and other worlds too. I want to participate in your wedding after all.”

“Wedding, you say……”

Kang MiRae seemed embarrassed after saying that word out loud, but still tapped her cheeks to come back to her usual self.

“There are many competent people around that person. Even if everything goes well, I cannot be assured.”

“So MiRae, you are so militant about everything.”

“Then I’ll take my leave first. I should do the next experiment after I see some results in other things first.”

Kang MiRae checked up on the barrier magic around the area, and picked up her luggage. Everything was battle-oriented in some way or another.

Ever since she was ‘trapped’ in Lanpas, she had been going around dungeons and magic ruins that were still considered the mysteries of this world in order to research a way to go back to Earth, and on the side, to raise her own abilities.

These dungeons were left uncleared for countless years, so their difficulty was unimaginable. However, Kang MiRae was the biggest genius Earth had given birth to. On top of her vicious attitude and the support from the imperial family, three whole ruins were newly excavated and conquered within just one year.

“You are going to go right away? Even though the ruins have just been excavated?”

The empress spoke while looking at her with worried eyes.

“Why don’t you rest for a day? Magic ruins are not simple things, you may lose your life due to a moment of carelessness.”

“I do feel quite threatened since its coming from the person who almost blew up an entire empire for a single ruin.”

“That again, sheesh.”

Thinking back to the incident that occurred in the ruins where the very essence of magic engineering was located, the two exchanged small smiles. At that time, it was no different from a disaster, but now, they were just good memories. The power of time was frightening.

“So it’s been a year already……”

“It’s ‘only’ been a year …….I do not plan to leave that as memories, nor do I intend to give up.”

“And I thought you just regained your leisure, but whipping yourself again?”

“Then I’ll take my leave.”

With those words, Kang MiRae turned around. Unlike her lively voice, her feeble shoulders looked very shaky and made the empress sigh while looking at her back.

“Please don’t die.”

“I do not plan to. I still have people I need to meet.”

Her own brother Kang HaJin, who made her able to breathe in the stuck up world of the higher society, and strict education. Her friend Na YuNa, who had been with her for her entire life whether it was in a good way or a bad way. And also……

‘If it’s that person, wouldn’t he have achieved 4th class already? Isn’t he hurt somewhere?……. Perhaps he gained another woman?’

Once she thought about Yu IlHan, there was no end. Even though she couldn’t do anything even if she did so. She only took herself for a fool since even she couldn’t stop it even if she knew about it.

Kang MiRae shook off the minor thoughts with a shake of her head, and walked forward, leaving the empress behind. Irma An Ill’ta made a bitter smile and left the scene of the failed experiment.

Meanwhile, two of the people that Kang MiRae thought of were currently…

“Ask for the maiden’s hand in marriage?”

“Lady maiden has also completely become a citizen of our world. His Majesty the emperor does not wish to delay this any further. For the future of the two empires……”

“I hate that old fatty~!”

“O, old fatty!?”

…in a very difficult situation.

“How dare you insult the emperor of the great empire, His majesty Li Catriana!”

“Bleeeh to you!”

“Lady maiden!”

“Chase that fatty out too~! If you don’t, I will. With Lady Leytna’s holy power!”

“Uwaaah!”

Na YuNa instantly rejected the envoy from the self-proclaimed empire of Li Catriana, that held power rivalling that of the holy empire of Elforce. And this was no small matter either, this person had brought news pertaining to marriage and the emperor who was in charge of half the continent!

Although they had momentarily made the envoy step back for now, the priests that supported her all grabbed onto her skirt and kneeled down with pale faces.

“Lady maiden, the opponent is an emperor!”

“They do not fear the power of Lady Leytna. What are you planning to do?”

“I’m not afraid of such a fatso either!”

Unlike her usual leisurely self, she was really enraged, and the priests retreated due to her forceful attitude, when she spoke in resolve.

“They’ll wage war on us soon so get ready~.”

“War!?”

The people shouted in shock, but Na YuNa calmly nodded.

“They were already all over the place, trying to come up with ways to swallow Elforce. If that guy married me, things would become easier, and if I reject, that guy would use that as an excuse to invade~.”

“Don’t you think he just fell for you……?”

“That doesn’t even need to be considered. Whether it was me then Elforce, or Elforce then me, he wouldn’t have cared.”

Na YuNa’s confidence was piercing the skies as always today.

“We were going to fight them anyway so get prepared. Perhaps they already have an army prepared so please evacuate the civilians first, and let’s talk about the rest after I talk about this to Her Holiness.

When Na YuNa stood up from the seat, Kang HaJin, her guardian knight also followed her up. The priests could only see them out absentmindedly. However, that was just for a moment, and they started talking to each other with sighs.

“I guess it can’t be helped.”

“We need to follow the lady’s orders. Moreover, I also didn’t like that emperor so much.”

“I also wanted to see the scene of Lady maiden kicking that pig’s ass. We’ll wage the most beautiful war under the name of the goddess Leytna.

“Well, then. Let’s start a war.”

Since the maiden had decided, their intentions did not matter and this war was inevitable. If so, they could only accept their fate and start a war. Na YuNa’s current authority over Elforce was just that much.

Like that, the war between the two strongest countries of Breya, was set in stone.

“YuNa, will it be alright?”

Meanwhile, Kang HaJin asked Na YuNa in a worried voice as she walked in the hallway with her high heels clicking on the ground.

“I’m not alright.”

“…….”

However, Kang HaJin panicked since he didn’t think that he would get an answer like that, when Na YuNa vented her frustration on the ground.

“That shameless fatso. It makes me angry just thinking about it.”

“There were a lot of men who tried to approach you that way in the past too. Moreover, this was the emperor of another country we’re talking about. Couldn’t you have declined more nicely?”

“But they’re preparing for war anyway. Unless I accept the marriage, we would have to fight anyway so there is no need to ‘politely decline’. ”

True, there was no need to do that. However even in the situation where she didn’t need to do all that, Na YuNa put on a mask. Perhaps it was a sort of a self-defense mechanism to not show her inner self, but that made a lot of other people misunderstand.

“Well, if we did as you said, we might have delayed the war.”

“You know it too.”

And so, she didn’t do that.

“However, to do that, I would have had to meet that fatso at least once, and that guy may have schemed something. In the first place, I’m a woman with an owner. there’s no way I’d give room for any other men.”

“…….You changed a lot too thanks to Sir IlHan.”

“But Mr. IlHan doesn’t like lies.”

“Really, a sinful guy.”

“You said it. He left me here for such a long time.”

Na YuNa nodded at Kang HaJin’s words. Then, she giggled after looking at Kang HaJin.

“Are you jealous~?”

“Nah. I’m relieved that you finally found a proper partner…… though, it does pain me that you chose Sir IlHan out of all people out there.”

Well, Yu IlHan was a capable man alright. However, his sister, who looked like she’d have nothing to do with love for her entire life and her friend had been smitten by him. Even though he didn’t believe in fate until now, he had no choice but to do so now.

However, as if she knew everything he was thinking, Na YuNa laughed at him.

“MiRae won’t be able to seduce him anyway~. But before that, what are you worried about when both our families seem like they’re up in the air?”

“Before I’m a member of my family, I only wish for my sister to do well with the person she likes, as her brother.”

“Even if you say that, I won’t give him to her~.”

Na YuNa stopped there and sighed.

“Giving him or whatnot. We can only talk about that when he is here.”

“And you did something when he was with you? I heard you were together until the 3rd Great Cataclysm……”

“Fuu.”

After a small sigh, she kicked Kang HaJin’s shin with her heels. Her strike enhanced with holy power that became stronger by the day, contained the power to make a paladin kneel.

“Kergh!”.”

“I’ll go meet Her Holiness so wait here~! Think about what you did wrong!”

“She did, something alright….. Kergh!”

***

Meanwhile, the man who was left alone on Earth while countless other people were fighting their battles in countless different worlds, was…

[Kuaaah!]

[Kihiiih!]

[Kuho, Humaaan!]

[What are doing by making dungeons explode in succession like that! Kyaaak, Overflow, it’s an Overflow!}

“Overflow! Great, prepare to fire!”

[Kyaaak!]

…not stopping at weeding out the very roots of the monsters on Earth even after one year, and was currently occupied with making dungeons explode.



Chapter 200

When Yu IlHan cleaned the first round of aerial monsters of Earth using the flying fortress, Earth had finally found a glimpse of the clear sky without a speck of monsters after the Great Cataclysm. This happened merely 4 days after the flying fortress took to the air.

“Though, from the look of things, it would go back to usual after one week at most.”

[Let’s not talk about something so power-draining when you just achieved something incredible.]

“Why? It’s much better for monsters to be re-supplied periodically rather than having them disappear all of a sudden.”

[I get that killing monsters is same as grilling meat to you…]

Of course, as the flying fortress was treated as Yu IlHan’s equipment, if he didn’t want to meet monsters, he should just put concealment on it and fly around the sky, but he did not do that. There was the flying fortress and there were monsters. What reason was there to hesitate?

“Then let’s go over to another country. Let’s start from Japan, which is the closest, and do a trip around the world.”

[That’s nostalgic. Last time, we went to China first.]

“There were limitations in the means of transport back then, but now-”

[Ah, I get it. I get it so you don’t have to explain the A to Z on the flying fortress.]

Just as Yu IlHan was about to lecture Liera about his masterpiece for 3 hours straight, she stopped him. So, Yu IlHan skipped the basic explanation and went onto explaining about the specific details of the plan.

“Then after I am sure that I’ve cleaned up all the countries, then I’ll start cleaning up the seas. After cleaning up the whole Earth like that…..”

[You’re going to start training alone?]

“Training can be done by hunting monsters. At that time, aerial monsters will start spawning again. And after I clean them up, quite a lot of monsters would have appeared on the ground…..”

[……]

Liera thought hard after hearing that. Perhaps Yu IlHan’s words to replace the 7 billion humanity was no joke but a conclusion after meticulous calculation!

And his plan really did go successfully.

The flying fortress was designed to counteract against any type of situation, so even if the monsters spawning on Earth were freaks that are born 4th class, the flying fortress played around with hundreds of them simultaneously.

[You have……]

[You have……]

[You have……]

Wherever the flying fortress went, Yu IlHan ruled. Whether it was the skies, lands, or seas, nothing could stop his advance.

The Hundred Eyes recharged their energy using the mana from the monsters they killed, and those that could endure even that was done away with Yu IlHan’s surprise attack. Yu IlHan didn’t like this so much.

“They’re too weak compared to the ones in hell dungeon.”

[So you’re already used to the horrible nature of those things…..]

“Hm, I wonder if there won’t be any natural-born 5th classes?”

[I said that you need to be in a faction to become a higher existence. You really don’t listen.]

Of course, Liera thought that it was very probable for a natural birth of a 5th class to happen if it was Earth, but didn’t say that out loud. She was afraid of her thoughts being found out by him.

And while she was not saying anything, Yu IlHan had ended up coming up with a horrifying plan.

“This won’t do. I think I need to reduce the output of Hundred Eyes to train my skills.”

[Turn it off!? Are you crazy?]

“Not completely. To reduce the consumption of mana, I have a power-saving mode that utilizes only 20 of them and block only the most fatal attacks.”

[Power saving mode!? …… Well, yeah. It can be charged and even has a vibration mode. There’s no way it does not have a power-saving mode. Urrgh…..]

Liera was at the realm of emptiness that had given up everything. Even if she wasn’t an angel, perhaps another path for her would have opened for her as a higher existence.

[Kuhaaah!]

[The mana disappeared! The damn mirrors are gone!]

[Everyone charge! Let’s rip apart the hated human and dry his corpse out!]

When the movements of Hundred Eyes became a little dull, the monsters all charged forward as if they had waited for that moment. No matter how smart monsters were, they were still monsters! The other weapons installed around the fortress finally gained their turn, and Yu IlHan could also train his skills to his heart’s content while rampaging around.

“Give me thought-souls!”

[Kyaoooh!]

The skill he had to master to become 4th class were: Deathgod, Blaze, Soul enchant, Death collector, Transcendent regeneration, Extreme poison resistance, and Higher curse resistance; a total of 7.

Adding the blessing of the goddess of fire, he would be able to finally advance to Hell Bringer, but that wasn’t something he could do anything about, so leaving that aside, he decided to master what he had first. Of course, the target of training was Earth itself. It was a larger scale than anyone could try!

However, it wasn’t only Yu IlHan that tried his best.

[Give me more thought-souls. To defeat those damned freak demons inside master’s consciousness, I need to become stronger!]

“Yes, yes. Eat all of them! If you achieved 177 losses out of 177 battles today, it’s your victory if you gain even one victory tomorrow, Orochi!”

[Ugh, how the hell do you know how many times I’ve lost!]

Of the characteristics of Yu IlHan’s class, Soul enchant and Death collector, which belonged to the Deathgod skills were harder to level up than most others, but with his loyal thought-soul Orochi, it was not that hard.

Death collector grew the more he acquired thought-souls and raised them, and Soul enchant gave him experience whenever he forced a strong thought-soul to submit and enchanted it.

Seeing Orochi trying its best without even him needing to urge him, these two skills looked like they would be mastered soon without having to worry too much about them.

There were no problems with the Deathgod skill, an advanced version of Concealment, or the Blaze skill, which emphasized his trait as a Blazing Reaper, as they would grow if he used them a lot.

Although skill levels became harder to increase through training the more it rose, the enemies he was facing off against were 4th class, they were all 1 class above him! There was no way his skill proficiencies would not rise when facing against such enemies.

Of course, compared to the freak demons in the hell dungeon, the level of monsters on Earth were on a much lower level. However, the monsters of Earth propagated at speeds that rivalled cockroaches so they could cover that gap with numbers.

Transcendent regeneration? That was the easiest to level up. Ever since Earth came to this state, there came monsters that had even more monstrous regenerative capabilities than trolls, and Yu IlHan could resupply his rest energy by making new-bloodrink from their blood.

Now that he was at a situation where he could use that skill infinitely, the only thing left was getting hurt in order to recover, and this could easily be countered by using the master-level Superhuman strength.

“Hhp, Hhhhp.”

Seeing Yu IlHan actually carrying out such an absurd plan, Liera muttered in shock.

[Would there be anyone who would use Superhuman strength in order to get hurt? Oh, wait. There are no humans with such a skillset in the first place.]

“Hhp!”

To mention it again, the skill Superhuman Strength was originally not something a human could learn! This was a skill that the angels could acquire after scraping out the records of the monsters absorbed into Yu IlHan’s body, as Yu IlHan’s records, achievement and actions on Earth were too amazing.

It was insane that he had mastered such a skill, but Yu IlHan was utilizing the maximum capabilities of the skill to destroy not only his bones but his internal organs as well, only to regenerate them instantly with the Transcendent regeneration skill. He was undergoing such an insane training method!

“Hhp…… But even so, it’s good since my abilities are increasing real time. Whew, I can swing around tens of thousands of tons!”

[You might blow the mansion away! …….And doesn’t it hurt?]

“It hurts like hell. Do you have to ask?”

Said Yu IlHan seriously. Well, even in Liera’s eyes he looked to be in pain. Yu IlHan wouldn’t usually sweat much, but right now, he was sweating blood all over his body.

Moreover, when she listened closely there were faint crunching sounds amidst of the roars of the monsters and Yu IlHan’s own shouts. Liera shivered just thinking about the source of that sound.

[……And you’re enduring that? Experiencing muscles being torn and bones breaking at every single moment?]

“If I don’t feel pain here, then I’ll feel even more pain later so I need to endure. Physical pain that does not lead to death can be endured, it is nothing compared to psychological pain.”

[Sheesh, that’s why I’m saying you’re not human. Although, I like you because of that!]

“I also like myself because of that! Hhp!”

The pain of loneliness, the pain of being unable to protect, the pain of having to let go despite the scene right in front of his eyes. Yu IlHan shall not face such pains again. And to do that, he needed to suffer pain right now.

Of course, the fruits of such intense labour were sweet. With his muscles enhanced beyond the extreme all the time, he was now able to do things that ordinary lower existences wouldn’t even dare trying!

“Huaaap!”

[……Little Giant should have been quite a sight to look at.]

Muttered Liera while looking at Yu IlHan swinging the hammer. Well, that was no wonder, since this ‘hammer’ was a city-destroyer-grade that had a 20m diameter head, and a 30m long handle. It was destroying all the monsters at the front through sheer muscular power alone.

Of course, nothing remained in the aftermath of the hammer.

“I’m done cleaning!”

[This is not a house we’re talking about!]

“Damned things. They’re coming at me like middle schoolers to the cafeteria at lunch.”

[So IlHan also had such a cute time?]

“Of course, I was reading a book in the classroom while no one was there. Thinking about how a girl tried to sit on top of me thinking that I really wasn’t there, is quite a good memory if I think about it now.”

[…….]

Seeing monsters flood into the blank area he had just created, Yu IlHan gripped on the handle of the hammer and started spinning it around by inserting enormous amount of strength into his arms. With the spinning of the hammer becoming faster, with him as the axis, the monsters were ripped apart just from the wave alone!

[Kihi!?]

[Kuaaak!]

He was using the floating Aegis as the foothold to spin endlessly! With Blaze added on top of that, a storm of fire appeared in the region. Whether they jumped into the fire, or get hit by the spinning hammer, they would be able to see hell.

What was scary was the Aegis was was moving the storm of fire according to his will!

“Let’s go, Hell Tornado!”

[Crap name!]

The hammer he was swinging around right now was none other than the Thunderhammer. After he had mastered the Superhuman strength skill, he switched out the materials to increase the weight and size by 10 times in order to use his increased strength! Of course, the hammer was reborn as an epic-rank weapon.

[The skill, Deathgod……]

[The skill, Blaze….]

[The skill, Transcendent regeneration……]

The more Yu IlHan rampaged on the stage known as the flying fortress, the more he realized the limits of the abilities and values of his skills and utilized them, the faster his skills rose in level. Accordingly, the master-realm of many skills that he estimated would take several years to master, were nearing mastery as of this moment.

However, not all of his skill training was smooth.

[You have earned 3,124,335,618 experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 233 Wicked Kraken.]

“God dammit.”

Yu IlHan just killed an enormous kraken of over 300m in height, and erased all the kraken-ink that covered its body using Blaze, following which he cussed.

“This guy’s poison is too weak too.”

[The curse was at a pitiful level too. Strangely, monsters around here have weaker poison and curses compared to their power levels. It’s as if they were all sucked into somewhere.]

“So it’s that guy.”

Muttered Yu IlHan in resentment. In fact, Yu IlHan also knew without having Liera tell him about it.

There was no need to discuss this. The dungeon he was trapped in the past for 2 years! The master of that place had put all the poisonous and curseful monsters in there. Definitely.

“Did you really have to take everything?”

[Though, that guy wouldn’t have done that to tease you either.]

“I don’t care about the truth! What’s important is that this is the fault of that bastard son of a bitch.’

[Yup, I knew you’d say that.]

While Liera was sighing, Yu IlHan abruptly raised his head, his eyes glistening.

“Now that it came to this, I can only use the final method.”

[…….That sounds VERY ominous.]

Muttered Liera. However, Yu IlHan ignored her and unfolded Ruin Calling to leap out of the water. The place he was heading to was none other than the flying fortress. His answer lay there.

His battle had just begun.



Chapter 201

[IlHan, what are you doing right now?]

Liera asked in a kind voice. Yu IlHan replied in a bright voice, while pouring a sticky black liquid in the Giant Bucket.

“I’m filling my bath!”

[I know that you’re using the Giant Bucket to replace your baths nowadays. And it definitely does feel good, and it does feel like the internal mana is stimulated…..]

“So you know!”

Yu IlHan made a blinding smile. Meeting someone that liked the same thing as you was a happy thing. Yu IlHan was no exception, and he felt happy. He was also happy that he could give a nice bath to Liera. Of course, he wished she’d refrain from coming in together, completely nude.

[Hih……]

Yu IlHan’s smile was a heart-thumping attack for Liera who liked him. Liera momentarily forgot what she was about to say and stared at him, before coming back to herself and raising her voice.

[B, but why are you filling the bath with the blood of the perverted vibration demon!]

“To be exact, it’s mixed with dragon blood at a 3:7 ratio, and had undergone simple mana crafting with 4th class magic stone powder.”

[Same thing! No, wait, when he hell did you learn to mana craft on blood? The poison and curse would be enhanced!]

Yu IlHan sighed and replied.

“That’s what I wanted.”

[You might really be in danger at this rate…..?]

“I can’t help it though, there are no monsters that have potent poison and curses left!”

[And so you ‘can’t help’ but bathe in curse and poison!? Are you crazy!?]

“It’s fine. I already did the calculations.”

The Giant Bucket reacts sensitively to dragon materials. That was why he mixed dragon blood with the vibration demon’s blood. And in reality, the blood and the Giant Bucket was resonating, so at this rate, the poison would disappear sometime and give birth to a completely new material.

The reason he mana crafted was also to make the poison and curse last longer without dissipating. To him who was absorbing the majority of the magic engineering knowledge, this bloodbath was finished under his meticulous calculations.

Yu IlHan was sure that there would be no problems. If there were any, it would be the pain due to the curse and the poison, but this was something he had to endure in order to train skills, so that didn’t matter.

[Wouldn’t your skin turn green or something?]

“Enough of your worries.”

Yu IlHan ignored Liera’s worries and took off all his clothes. This time, Liera didn’t mention anything about bathing together and just watched him.

“Good.”

Before he took a bath, he checked the defense system of the fortress and renewed the settings to endure even if a higher existence attacked. Then he entered the blood bath without hesitation.

“Wao.”

[You alright? Are you ok!?]

Liera asked the moment he exclaimed as he entered. Yu IlHan wordlessly shook his head and submerged his body in it.

“Hhm, hmmm.”

[Are you really fine? Really?]

Yu IlHan honestly spoke his opinion.

“I feel like I’m melting.”

[Like, literally and not just feeling!? That means you are not fine!]

“I don’t think I’ll need to train Transcendent regeneration anymore.”

[That’s completely serious! Get out right now!]

However, Yu IlHan shook off Liera who was pulling on him and buried himself deeper inside the bucket. Receiving serious damage meant that it was also a suitable environment to raise his resistance to higher curse and extreme poison.

And in reality too, the moment Yu IlHan stepped into the bath, the two skills were stimulated and he could feel it grow very slowly, but surely, into a higher dimension. Of course, that wouldn’t lead to a skill level up immediately, but he estimated that he would be able to master these two skills in this bath.

“And Transcendent regeneration grows to boot.”

[Uu, that seems painful.]

The liquid glowed on its own in resonance with the Giant Bucket and assaulted Yu IlHan. Thanks to the dragon blood in Yu IlHan’s body that reacted to it, his body absorbed all of the poison without much resistance, and the effects were amplified.

However, he recovered all the injuries by transcendent regeneration, ignoring all pain and stimulus. His naturally-generated rest energy couldn’t keep up, and he had to hold a Breath cheerpack on his mouth from some time.

“Wine is best consumed while in a bath.”

[Is it a private romance to drink Breath instead of bloodrink in the bath?]

“No, I thought there might be some synergy since Breath is made of dragon blood.”

[I knew it! Aaah, even your body started glowing faintly!]

Yu IlHan didn’t hesitate to use his body to experiment!

Liera screamed, seeing the bloody water and Yu IlHan glow in the same light, but Yu IlHan himself was very calm. If he felt like a salmon going upstream, right now, he felt like a smooth-sailing boat.

‘But that doesn’t mean that Extreme poison resistance and Higher curse resistance is not rising. This feels strange.’

The pain of his body feeling like it was melting was also temporary. Yu IlHan soon felt like he was floating along with the feeling like he was completely free.

An unknown amount of time passed, when a new change occurred. It was a change that Yu IlHan didn’t expect at all, much less watch for.

‘This, is quite…..’

Giant Bucket, created with the hearts of dragons, bathwater made of dragon blood and demonic blood, the Breath he was drinking, and finally the dragon blood within his body.

While all those elements were interacting with each other inside Yu IlHan, he could feel a small aura that he did not notice until now, peeking its head out.

‘What could this be? An aura that appeared from my contract with Mir?’

The pain due to poison and curse no longer mattered. Yu IlHan closed his eyes and focused on chasing that small power that arose in the small area.

Yu IlHan had found that power only at this level. Right now, he couldn’t even follow its shadows, but the resonance of the energy inside the Giant Bucket was helping him. The more the resonance intensified, the more his body glowed.

[IlHan, IlHan?]

“I’m here.”

[It makes me worried if you close your eyes so suddenly.]

“……It’s fine. It looks like it’s successful.”

It was a completely different feeling than when he used the Giant Bucket as a simple bath. What word could best describe this? Awakening? No, to say that, there was a too long path ahead. He instinctively felt that this wasn’t a power that a mere 4th class could acquire.

“Then a higher existence?”

[I said that’s not an easy matter.]

“Yup, I felt it now too.”

[Huh?]

Liera tilted her head at the incomprehensible words, but Yu IlHan did not answer her. He only tried to raise the resonance further by drinking another sip of Breath.

[IlHan, your training for Extreme poison resistance and Higher curse resistance is going well, right?]

“Yeah, although that’s just the side effects.”

[Side effects? Then what’s your objective for going in there!? You aren’t turning into something like the perverted demon, right? Right? Please tell me!]

While Liera misunderstood more, Yu IlHan only buried his body in the bucket. He thought that he may have to bathe in this blood even if he finished training the two skills, and smiled at the thought. Liera shouted while watching.

[What is that suspicious smile? I’ll cry if you turn strange!]

“Please take care of me when I turn into a slime.”

[You’re so bad!]

And one year passed from then on.

Yu IlHan trained all sorts of skills during that time, killed the monsters on Earth with the flying fortress, bathed his body in blood full of poison and curse, and blew away all the monsters that grew like bamboo after a rain with his beams.

Since he killed all the monsters that walked around on Earth without even sleeping, it would be strange if his skills didn’t rise. Extreme poison resistance, Higher curse resistance, and Transcendent regeneration was mastered long ago, and the other skills, such as Deathgod, were asymptotically nearing mastery as well.

The problem was, as he had expected, the blessing of the goddess of fire. He blew away monsters flashily using Blaze whenever he fought, but it didn’t seem like the blessing would come anytime soon.

To Yu IlHan, who didn’t know the specific requirements to receive the blessing, he could just use his flames in the most various ways possible, and indeed, he tried all sorts of artifacts and traps and covered them with Eternal Flame using his full knowledge of his magic engineering, but no matter how much he struggled, he couldn’t see the slightest signs of the criterion fulfilling. Really, a frustrating matter.

“What happened when I received the blessing of the god of smithing?”

[Sorry, I don’t know either.]

“Yup, I don’t know either.”

Do recorded gods really not exist? Perhaps they just give blessings to those they take interest in, without any particular conditions at all?

As Yu IlHan had confidence to come last if there was a competition of gaining interests from other people, if that statement was true, he was planning to give up on 4th class and find a new path.

[I think the firepower of the flames had already gone beyond the extreme. What’s the problem?]

There was Blaze, which was at level 99 and was nearing mastery, as well as Eternal Flame and Dragonic blood that could enhance the firepower. If that didn’t work, then what else needed to be done?

Yu IlHan even wanted to learn fire magic somehow, even though he had no ties to magic itself, but unfortunately, the one by his side was not Erta but Liera.

Yu IlHan narrowed his eyes at Liera. Although he did only think of her has mental support, she really didn’t help out in other areas. At this rate, even Orochi, who was just a thought-soul would be of more help than her.

But Liera noticed his gaze and pouted.

[What do those eyes mean? You were thinking of something rude, weren’t you?]

“No, I was thinking that you were very pretty.”

[Really?]

Liera’s expression brightened. Yu IlHan felt like he would be purified facing her flawless smile, so he hurriedly turned his gaze away to the lands below the flying fortress. It wasn’t just to avoid her gaze, but to find monsters as well.

The blessing of the goddess of fire was a grand objective, and monster hunting was everyday life. If he tried doing whatever he had to do, then he would arrive at the objective some day. Yu IlHan believed in that, and always acted in accordance to that. Now was no different.

[Eheheh.]

“Yes, yes.”

Handling Liera that clung to him, Yu IlHan looked below when he noticed something.

“The speed is decreasing.”

[What speed?]

“The speed at which monsters appear.”

[Isn’t that a good thing? You get less pressure.]

“It’s not. I still have plenty of skills to raise.”

Liera sighed lightly after hearing his words. Well, what could she do when Yu IlHan was running a marathon at sprinting speeds? She only watched over him from the side.

[I don’t think anything bad will come out of slowing down…… *Sigh*. So, what are you going to do?]

“There are dungeons. Although I didn’t touch them until now because I was busy clearing out the monsters outside, the ones that lived for one year inside dungeons wouldn’t be so easy.”

[And so, you are entering them? What about the flying fortress then?]

“It would be bad if I can’t use something I made, so….”

[So?]

At this point, Liera should have noticed. That Yu IlHan was going to do something she had not expected, yet again.

Yu IlHan spoke.

“Liera, have you ever heard of the word ‘backdoor’?”



Chapter 202

Liera titled her head. Yu IlHan momentarily couldn’t breathe after looking at her beautiful face, but as always, he hypnotized himself to think that ‘Liera is a sister-like being’ and continued speaking.

“Backdoors refer to program codes that the developer put in in order to access an operating system or an application more easily. Let’s say that there’s a backdoor on my computer. Although I would usually have to input a password in order to access my account, the developer can access my account without any identification, and even remotely too. It literally is a ‘back door’.”

[That’s a thing bad guys use!]

“You’re right. Although it’s not really made for evil purposes, the concept is like that.”

[……But why does that word come up here?]

“Well, then. Think about why I would have mentioned such a word at this time.”

Liera colored in doubt. Yu IlHan gave her a little time for her to realize it herself, and his expectations were not betrayed as her face colored in shock.

[You, don’t tell me……!]

“It’s exactly that.”

[You scammer!]

“It’s quite satisfying to hear that from the original scammer.”

What was there to hide? Yes. During the 2nd Great Cataclysm, Yu IlHan had tinkered with all the Traps of Destructions that were to be scattered on Earth!

However, what was more amazing was not that he tinkered with them, but the fact that none of the higher existences realized that.

Liera only found it absurd that she and the other angels were completely fooled by him, but Yu IlHan only proudly explained, without knowing what she felt.

“I put a little more effort since I don’t know when and where something weird would happen. You guys didn’t know when I mixed dragon tongue and ancient elven language.”

[That’s no different from the methods that the fallen angels used!]

“But here’s a situation where I’d need it, no?”

[eeek.]

Liera had a lot to say, but she couldn’t say anything.

He was right. Earth, in the end, had fallen into a situation the Heaven’s Army could not predict, and if Yu IlHan had installed backdoors or whatever on the Traps of Destructions and if it helped out in this situation, then she could only accept it.

“I need to dig my own hole in order to survive.”

[Ugh, why is the Heaven’s Army so useless……! However, if they were capable, then IlHan would have a hard time since he wouldn’t be able to make backdoors, but wait, if we were capable, then there doesn’t need to be such situations in the first place…..]

Yu IlHan left Liera to her endless cycle of bad thoughts, and lowered the altitude of the flying fortress. To use the backdoor, there was a need for him to get closer to the ground.

[Krrk?]

[Kuhooh!]

When the flying fortress showed itself below the cloud level, the monsters that noticed the gigantic shadow all looked up at the fortress.

However, Yu IlHan didn’t even care about the wingless monsters. If there was a lot of them, then he would have gone to battle after landing the fortress, but there was too little of them right now! What he was looking for was dungeons that could solve the insufficient monsters problem on Earth right now.

“Oh, there’s one there.”

Yu IlHan’s eyes glistened. Not far from the flying fortress, a vortex specific to dungeons could be seen. Moreover, a minute aura felt from the core regions of the dungeon was proving that that was Yu IlHan’s own doing.

[Huh? But IlHan.]

Liera, who escaped the endless cycle, raised her head. She realized that she forgot about the most important thing.

[And so? What is the utility of this backdoor?]

“I couldn’t add that many. Well, I can see what kind of monsters are inside in what numbers.”

[That’s good! Even I don’t know the contents of the dungeons on Earth. That’s just like navigation! So it’s not that much different from what we informed you until now.]

Liera’s expression brightened. It looked like she could accept that much. Yu IlHan giggled, thinking about how she was so honest and almost unable to lie.

But what could he do? That was just the foundations required to implement the ‘most important utility’ of the backdoor.

Yu IlHan added while giggling.

“And a function to make dungeons explode.”

[…….Huh?]

“I said there is a function to make dungeons explode.”

Yu IlHan knew what Liera was feeling like, so he explained in kind. She, stared at him in a daze after hearing that, before shouting with glaring eyes.

[Why did you put such a function in it!]

“Although there’s a lot. I could use it as a threat when the people of other countries are trying to threaten the ones close to me.”

[That’s just terrorism!]

Liera was angry at the fact that Yu IlHan had made a function that could potentially harm civilians. However, he only shrugged his shoulders.

“Even I don’t want to harm civilians. It’s just a backup method. Carrying it out is a big problem. But you know it as well, don’t you? Think about the position that Vanguard holds. If I don’t have such a card in my hands, it would have been worrying.”

[That’s…… true.]

Even before the 2nd Great Cataclysm, the value of Vanguard was incomparable to all others. If the ones with authority and power had malicious intents, then they could have extended their hands to his friends and family, even if they couldn’t do that to himself.

And in truth, no big problems occurred thanks to the cooperation with Kang MiRae going smoothly, but Yu IlHan couldn’t be criticized for making backdoors just in case. Liera knew that, so she could only sigh.

“And also.”

Just as when Liera accepted the situation a little, Yu IlHan added.

“If I use this, I can fight against a large amount of monsters at once. It’s also advantageous for me to bring them out here instead of me going in.”

[Sheesh, your scale is too big to be measured using a scale at all.]

Of course, Yu IlHan wasn’t going to mention anything about the backdoor at all if he didn’t need to. If it came to the worst, he was going to take the role to clean all the dungeons while going around the world.

However, the people of Earth endured the 2nd Great Cataclysm even without him interfering. No, with the gates to other worlds opening, all of the situation developed at a speed beyond his imaginations, and stabilized as well.

Even he himself, who had prepared everything in advance, was busily working in another place, so there was no need to use such a thing. However, just as everything seemed to reach the end, the 3rd Great Cataclysm occurred and flipped everything over. Although, just speaking of the result, it was a good outcome for him.

[And so? What are you going to do now?]

“Make dungeons explode, of course.”

[So you mean to say, since there are too few monsters on the land, you want to supplement them using the monsters inside the dungeon?]

“Exactly.”

Yu IlHan’s willpower was like steel. He was no newborn baby and knew of the dangers of making dungeons explode. Liera gave up trying to persuade him.

[Gosh, I don’t care anymore. Do whatever you want.]

“In fact, you don’t have to tell me, I was already going to do it!”

The moment the flying fortress skipped past above a dungeon gate, Yu IlHan called out a small artifact he made using a 2nd class magic stone, and dropped it on top of the gate.

The magic stone dropped rapidly and landed on the gate, and without exaggeration, the gate exploded with a ‘boom’ in the very next moment!

[Kihaaa!]

[Freedom! I’m free!]

[Kill humans! Let’s earn records!]

[Kill, kill!]

In an instant, a monster army numbering a hundred thousand rushed out into the region. As this was a dungeon that was maintained from the 2nd Great Cataclysm, over 70% of them were merely 3nd class, but Yu IlHan did not care. They would grow into 4rd classes soon. The current Earth was just that insane.

Yu IlHan realized something and stopped thinking about the insane growth of the monsters.

“Perhaps the people of Earth may not be able to survive even they came back.”

[That’s a coincidence. I was also thinking that. But right now, I don’t think you are in a position to care about other people.]

“That’s true. Let’s move a little quicker!”

[That’s not what I meant, idiooot!]

Yu IlHan, who made a dungeon explode quickly drove the flying fortress to make other dungeons explode as well. What was even more of a headache was that the monsters from the dungeons that Yu IlHan had freed also had the power to make other dungeons explode!

[Hey, this is completely a dungeon wave! To think you’d cause an artificial dungeon wave…… This is usually a disaster that’s at the top of the food chain in terms of disasters for a world!]

“Good, fill the Earth with monsters!”

[You are scary when you act like a villain like that so stop it!]

Liera didn’t lack this, but Erta was better at retorts. – Yu IlHan thought about that and licked his lips. He didn’t want to show that he missed Erta so he wordlessly sped up the flying fortress.

The world was wide, and there are plenty of dungeons. Yu IlHan’s Traps of Destructions had the function to propagate the backdoors to other Traps of Destructions as well, so right now, the only dungeon Yu IlHan couldn’t make explode was the hellish dungeon that he had escaped before.

[What about the aerial dungeons or the oceanic dungeons?]

“I need to open all of them too. The fortress is prepared for battle whenever and wherever the battle may be.”

[Uaaah, it’s not like the Traps of Destructions are completely destroyed just because a dungeon was opened, but if that happens, an Overflow will happen…….!]

“That’s exactly what I want!”

The flying fortress was not as fast as Yu IlHan with his Ruin Calling, but the maintainability and the stability of the flight was incredibly high when considering fortress of its magnitude.

On top of it, Yu IlHan was throwing artifacts like he was tossing toys, and whenever the the fortress passed by a dungeon, they were hit by these artifacts and freed tons of monsters as if a chick was being born from an egg.

[It’s an Overflow, an Overflow!]

“Oh, there’s a dungeon in that airspace there too.”

Once he had planned the collapse of the dungeons, Yu IlHan didn’t know when to stop. Since many monsters were popping out at once, the monsters that didn’t usually fight each other had tense atmospheres, and when the mana current was twisted, the record of monsters were fused with each other to give birth to a freakish new monster. This was none other than the signs of an Overflow.

“Wow, 4th class monsters are being made real-time……”

[Even if you say it like chicks are being born from eggs, it’s a horrible sight!]

Yu IlHan smiled in satisfaction, seeing the Earth coloring in chaos like the initial stages of the 3rd Great Cataclysm, before asking Liera who looked like she had given up on everything again.

“How is it, Earth’s growth will be accelerated, right?”

[If, and only if, the enormous amount of mana possessed by the monsters return to Earth and form a cycle.]

“Aha, that’s my field of specialty right there.”

He replied confidently and extended his hand to grab the Eight-tailed dragon spear. When Yu IlHan swung it like a conductor would in an orchestra, Hundred Eyes, which had been on standby mode all started activating.

A hundred destruction mirrors that rose up into the air one after the other. And a frightening amount of mana gathered around them – The weapon that would call an equal fear and despair to all, aimed at the ground.

[Kiii?]

[It’s still bright, but I see the moon.]

[There are a lot of moons. They’re shining brightly.]

[There’s a human up there. We need to kill!]

Yu IlHan had destroyed so many dungeons in that short time, that the number of monsters bearing drawn to the flying fortress and gathering in the area easily numbered over a million! There were quite a few 4th class beings that were just born as well, which made Yu IlHan smile.

“Well, then.”

He raised the Eight-tailed dragon spear on his hand and swung it while shouting.

“Fire!”

Rays of light numbering one hundred connected the sky and the ground in straight lines. The unlucky monsters in their paths were all burnt to black ash.

The monsters roared at the unpredicted and sudden disaster, but the retribution of light continued until all the monsters in the region died, and until all the monsters beyond the region died.

It took a mere 3 months from the time all the dungeons on Earth were freed, to the time they were all decimated by Yu IlHan.



Chapter 203: If You See Me – 4

It has been 2 years since the 3rd Great Cataclysm, as well as the second year that Yu IlHan was left alone.

“Oh, there’s one here too.”

[Khaaak!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Kahk!]

Whether it was deep in the sea, high up above the clouds, or a forest full of thick trees, it didn’t matter. With the flying fortress, Yu IlHan roamed around the Earth and killed all the monsters he could find.

[Human, we need to find and kill humans……!]

“And another one.”

[Kuhuk!?]

[Critical Hit!]

[You have……]

[The skill, Deathgod, activates……]

The monsters somehow had an enormous resentment towards Yu IlHan from birth, and tried to find him, but Yu IlHan didn’t want any more useless foreshadows so he killed them mercilessly and did not interrogate them for information. In fact, he found it annoying that he could understand what the monsters were saying.

“Just what did I do to piss off even the newborns?”

[Honestly, there are numerous reasons……? Do you even remember how many monsters you’ve killed until now?]

Just the destruction mirrors that orbited around the flying fortress like guards on patrol, had probably killed tens of billions of monsters. If there was something like a collective consciousness of monsters, then it would be strange if they didn’t resent Yu IlHan.

Liera remarked as if it was absurd, but Yu IlHan replied back with a shining pose.

“Liera, do you remember how many slices of bread you have eaten until now?”

[Fine, I get it.]

Yu IlHan collected the monster he had just killed. Although it had died too easily, this guy was a proper 4th class, one that even had a magic stone.

“So Earth is such a laborious place.”

[Although this is nothing new… your thought process is really shocking……]

Yu IlHan also acknowledged that he was being overly optimistic, but he also thought that he wasn’t really wrong saying that. That was because just counting the number of 4th class magic stone he had acquired in the past 2 years numbered 150 thousand!

“Would it be possible to acquire 150 thousand 4th class magic stones even if we clean up a thousand other worlds, other than Earth?”

[If it’s a lower world, then of course not.]

Yu IlHan looked at the pile of 4th class magic stones in his inventory and muttered. Just a few years ago, he had to be careful about using any 4th class magic stones, but now, he was literally swimming in riches!

Perhaps the heavens blessed him to be able to make anything he wants in compensation for cursing him to his lonerness. Perhaps he might have exchanged the two values which must never be exchanged!

[However, if it’s a higher world, it’s not impossible to gather that many magic stones. The problem is that 4th class magic stones aren’t that useful to higher existences]

“So one would need a magic stone of a higher existence to go against another?”

[Well, yeah, it’s supposed to be. In fact, whatever magic stones are used, it would work if the rank of the weapon is high. Rather than their abilities, it’s their tier that makes the difference.]

“Explain it more simply.”

Liera pondered for a moment, before giving a short and clear answer.

[Everything you make will work.]

“Yes, that’s enough.”

No 5th class magic stone was used in the making of the flying fortress. If he heard that the flying fortress could not confront higher existences despite it being a god ranked artifact, then even he would have gone berserk at the injustice of the system.

[In fact, I think it’s really unfair that you could make epic or chaos or god or whatever using just 4th class magic stones…… but that’s nothing new so I’ll skip past it.]

“You just said everything though.”

Yu IlHan looked at his inventory and thought about what he could do with the magic stones he had gathered, but he decided to save them since there was nothing he could use them on right now.

Yes, ‘right now’.

[You’re planning something again!]

“It’s nothing.”

In fact, he had plenty of things to use the magic stones on if he wished to. He could consume them without waiting for the destruction mirrors to charge up and also use them as fuel to accelerate the flying fortress. However, the 3rd class magic stones, which numbered ten times as much, would suffice for that.

It was an infinite cycle of killing monsters and gaining their magic stones, and becoming more efficient in hunting them. The more he repeated the cycle, he acquired more magic stones, and by consuming them, the flying fortress increased its speed and destructive power in killing monsters.

The result was that, after 2 years, Yu IlHan could go around the world on the flying fortress in just a day or two. That round trip also included the process of killing monsters that appeared from various corners of the world.

[The rate at which monsters disappear is faster than the rate at which they appear…… you know what may happen at this rate, right?]

“Overflow.”

Like how Electrodes (Pokemon) didn’t die even when they self-destruct, dungeons did not disappear even when he made them explode. Rather, as the contents were emptied out, it desperately emits mana in order to re-fill the empty space, but the monsters outside were long since cleaned up by Yu IlHan, so it would not get any re-fill.

Then what happens? The Earth, possessing a thick concentration of mana, would generate more monsters to counteract that.

The mana emitted by the Traps of Destructions, the mana possessed by the Earth, and the Akashic Records of that region would combine with each other to give birth to literal freakish monsters!

[If you know, then slow down!]

“However, if an Overflow occurs and stronger monsters appear, then the Earth’s growth speed would accelerate, wouldn’t it? In fact, the majority of the monsters spawning nowadays are 4th class beings.”

Was it just 4th class? An overflow would be occurring even now, somewhere on Earth. Elite monsters over level 250 were being born non-stop! Of course, no monsters could survive the direct attack from Yu IlHan himself and the flying fortress!

Right now, Earth was giving off a relatively peaceful atmosphere, and was rather quiet thanks to the flying fortress. But if the flying fortress disappeared from Earth for just one week, then Earth would enter an era of chaos and destruction again. Even worlds after the 4th Great Cataclysm wouldn’t be in such a dire situation.

Liera actually feared that Earth would progress into a higher world very soon.

Once, Yu IlHan had said that he would replace the 7 billion humans on Earth and kill the monsters for them, but looking at the flying fortress and Yu IlHan right now, that was an absurd lie. Yu Ilhan was doing well over 7 billion people’s worth. It was more like 10 or 20 billion.

[But IlHan needs to get his 4th class too.]

“Hm.”

At this point, the only requirements Yu IlHan hadn’t achieved was the blessing of the goddess of fire, mastering Blaze and mastering Deathgod. Deathgod and Blaze were nearing mastery, and were at level 99. Thinking about what kind of path he had taken until now to achieve that, he wanted to cry.

“Fire……. fire.”

Calling out the conditions to acquire his 4th class, Yu IlHan muttered while looking at the list.

“Should I try turning the world into a sea of fire?”

[How can you say such evil words like it’s nothing?]

“Or should I try making an artificial sun?”

[I can’t even keep up with you now!]

Of course, whether it was covering the Earth with fire that is enough to dry out all the oceans, or making an artifact to replace the sun, he would need a 5th class magic stone. So, whichever it was, it was still a dream inside a dream.

“I also need to evolve the Language skill too.”

[You don’t need to hurry. Just remember that you’re progressing plenty fast right now.]

5th class magic stone? Liera didn’t even know they existed prior to her becoming a higher existence. Meanwhile, Yu IlHan required them whether it was acquiring 4th class, or evolving his skill, so it was very absurd.

“Ah…… okay.”

[Huh?]

However, unlike her intentions, Yu IlHan looked dejected after hearing that.

“Yes. You’re right. There is a lot of time, so I don’t need to hurry.”

[……]

“Fuu……”

Perhaps, just perhaps, the reason why Yu IlHan wasn’t pedalling the breaks was to escape this stuffy reality. Although it was easy to forget because of his optimistic attitude, he was currently in a situation where it wouldn’t be strange even if he went crazy.

In the beginning stages of the 3rd Great Cataclysm, there were a lot of monsters to kill, and there were a lot of weapons to develop as well, so he had a lot to look forward to, but now that 2 years have passed, there was nothing more to make, and there were no monsters to kill for 3 or 4 days once he went on a round trip.

Even now, he had just finished a round trip around the world, so he couldn’t find any signs of monsters no matter how hard he looked for them. He just emptied out all the dungeons on Earth, so that was sure.

Liera finally thought that she might have committed a mistake, but it was too late by then. The dejected Yu IlHan put Blaze on his spear and swung it around, pioneering a new realm of playing alone.

His figure, making a figure of flames in the air using the Eternal Flame, was very beautiful when seen afar, but looked very miserable when seen up close. Liera couldn’t leave him alone, and tried her best to think up of things that may improve his mood.

[Bath, if you take a bath, you’ll feel better.]

“You’re trying to share it again, aren’t you?”

[I don’t want to enter such a poisonous bath, duh.]

However, Yu IlHan’s mood didn’t get better even when he finished bathing. That could be seen from how the figure of flames he was making had evolve from a rabbit to the perverted vibration demon. If it was possible, Liera wanted to ask him to make something else, but Yu IlHan right now was like a bomb that would go off at any moment.

[Th, then……]

This was her chance. Liera decided to try a bolder approach to make Yu IlHan feel better. In no way this was to fulfill her desires. It was to console Yu IlHan! – even her own excuse was perfect.

[IlHan.]

“Speak.”

She licked her lips while blushing in embarrassment, before closing her eyes and opening her mouth.

[IlHan, how about you…..]

“Huh?”

At that moment, Yu IlHan abruptly raised his head. The figure of the vibration demon in the air dissipated. Did he realize without her having to say it? Just as when Liera’s face turned as red as a tomato,

“It’s an Overflow.”

[…….]

“This aura is explosive. Is it because I cleaned out all the monsters from the ground? No, several Traps of Destructions are resonating at once. Don’t tell me it’s……”

Yu IlHan, who even showed signs of listlessness until now, instantly turned proactive. Well, this was the reason why he could grow until now, but Liera couldn’t help but think that she just became a fool when she saw that he was moving so busily.

[Should I just…..]

“Talk to me later, Liera. It looks like the thing I was waiting for is about to happen.”

[Waiting for? I was waiting for hundreds of years! ……wait, waiting for what?]

Yu IlHan didn’t answer and drove the flying fortress, he applied concealment on the entire castle and wasn’t satisfied with just that and collected all of the Hundred Eyes into one place and prepared them to be able to shoot at any moment.

Liera thought ‘no way’ while looking at that, but could realize when the flying fortress reached the region of the Overflow.

A storming current of golden light; movements of the Traps of Destructions that defined reason and was gathering in one area; amplifying mana and the records belonging to the Akashic Record.

And a violent life form that was struggling inside it.

[A naturally occurring……5th class…..?]

A miracle that cannot happen, and should not have happen, was occurring on Earth right now.



Chapter 204

All beings are born as lower existences. This was an absolute condition applied to any and all worlds, even higher worlds weren’t an exception to this rule.

It wasn’t that there weren’t absurd monsters born with a level above 270 as a result of a catastrophic cluster of mana, but no matter how ‘hard’ the ‘world tried’, there was a fundamental difference in the amount of records and mana between higher and lower existences. If they were born here and there, then the multiverse would have collapsed long ago.

[If it was that easy, then the Destruction Demon Army should have destroyed the Heaven’s Army long ago. In fact, the Destruction Demon Army numbers the most among the 4 factions. There are many monsters born with really high levels in worlds after the 4th Great Cataclysm. Although the trail to become a higher existence is as hard as anyone else, if the Destruction Demon Army reaches their hands out……]

“So even Dareu may have given birth to many Destruction Demon Soldeirs.”

[Yes, if it was maintained that way.]

“Then what is that?”

Yu IlHan pointed at the golden storm of mana that was arising on the ground and asked Liera. Liera became speechless.

[Uh, so, it’s…….]

It was a storm that raged as if every item containing mana was being sucked into it.

The life form raging at the center, definitely possessed the violent presences of higher existences Yu IlHan had felt many times while living with the angels, attacking the fallen angels, and when he met Teraka in Dareu, the one that became a higher existence as a dragon.

[It looks like there was a mistake!]

Replied Liera in the brightest way possible. However, her expression was still not that pretty to look at, and she couldn’t hide her despair.

However, Yu IlHan just firmly accepted those words.

“Yeah, I was wondering why you weren’t saying that nowadays.”

Rules becoming twisted and broken just on Earth was nothing new anymore. Moreover, Yu IlHan was always waiting for this to happen. Experience given from 5th class beings was always welcome. Their magic stones were even more warmly welcomed.

Liera became worried after seeing Yu IlHan licking his lips.

[What are you going to do?…….Kill it?]

“There’s no reason why I can’t. In fact, the Deathgod skill is still maintained right now.”

The Deathgod skill’s activation requirements were loosened once he entered the 90s, and currently, at 99, it was strengthened to the extreme compared to level 1.

Before, his buffs would be reset if he didn’t kill an enemy within 5 minutes of each other, but right now, even if he didn’t kill continuously, he could maintain the buffed state for one hours and 30 minutes.

Of course, that was nothing to stop the skill from being cancelled if he failed in killing the enemy in one strike, but the duration being lengthened by 18 times was a huge boon. Especially in situations like now where he found a monster after playing around a lot!

“There’s around 5 minutes left I guess. Although, it would be fine if I can get just a single hit in.”

[You do know that the situation is much different from the time you attacked a fallen angel in surprise, right……?]

“Yup.”

When he attacked the fallen angel in surprise, his conditions were too good. Not only was there Na YuNa, the strongest buffer in the world, he had also learned about the weakness of the fallen angels from Liera. If he attacked the head or the heart recklessly, he wouldn’t have killed them so easily.

However, Yu IlHan dared to say that his current conditions were much better than that. Two years had passed, and although his level didn’t rise by much, his power was incomparable to before. Just speaking about the Deathgod skill, although 80% was the limit at that time, right now, it was possible to enhance everything by 90%. Blaze, his Spear techniques, and other weapon mastery as well as support skills had developed a lot as well.

And decisively, he was now with the Destroyer’s Flying Fortress. The flying fortress was treated as his equipment, so not only did it receive the effects of the enhancement from the Deathgod skill, it also received the benefits of a surprise attack!

Liera saw that Yu IlHan was completely rearing for battle, and spoke after looking at the golden storm of light that was slowly dissipating.

[It is not far from birth. If you really need to kill it, you need to do it now when its ego still hasn’t taken root.]

“Got it.”

[……Don’t you have any plans on waiting? If it was the birth of a simple monster, I wouldn’t care, but this is an unprecedented incident. 5th class and above can no longer be considered ‘monsters’. I mean to say that it might not be born evil.]

“Liera, you should know this, but.”

Yu IlHan activated the greatest attack system on the fortress, the Hundred Eyes, before replying.

“I don’t like gambling that much.”

If that was a harmless existence, then all was well. He would welcome that at any time. Perhaps that being might understand Yu IlHan’s intentions and even support him.

However, what if it was like any other monster born on Earth, born with the resentment and killing intent towards Yu IlHan? If Yu IlHan’s concealment wore off, then he would be threatened with death. No matter how strong he was, he could not sustain a full frontal fight with a 5th class being without the help of the Deathgod skill.

“And in fact, I don’t really like the concept of good and evil either.”

If Yu IlHan was a man who could only act after judging the good and the evil, then he wouldn’t even be standing here right now. He would have died long ago.

Despite what kind of grand schemes one may have, once the standard of good and evil became oneself, then it only becomes hypocrisy. So, he does not judge the good and the evil. He only killed due to necessity and for survival.

In that, was neither good nor evil. Only life.

[Okay, I get it.]

Hearing his firm reply, Liera also did not say anything and took a step back. Yu IlHan thought that Liera may have perhaps mentioned that just in case he hesitated, but he didn’t pay any heed to that and just focused on deploying the destruction mirrors.

One hundred mirrors floated on top of the flying fortress, and tilted at precise angles, as if they were preparing to focus their power into a single point. This was the ‘one point focus’ mode that Yu IlHan had prepared for scenarios like this.

[Wow, that’s amazing……]

“Of course it is. How many magic stones do you think I’m using to do that?”

The most grand and overwhelming aura made Liera swallow in nervousness. She was sure that even she wouldn’t be able to block all of that without coming out unscathed, even if she were to release all of her power as an angel.

Even though the feathers of the fallen angels were from higher existences, now that they were separated and lost their lives, it had to be weaker than the time they were in active use. However, Yu IlHan had focused all of that power and stacked it in order to bring out a power that could harm higher existences. That, was a blessing and simultaneously a disaster, born from power and technology.

A set of weapons made for mass destruction. What that was aiming at was of course the central regions of the storm occurring on the ground. Although it hadn’t even taken shape yet, the absurd amount of mana could still be seen. Yu IlHan finished the minute adjustment of the trajectory and smirked.

“Even magical girls are the weakest when they’re transforming.”

[I like how you say such words without hesitation.]

He was confident that he could kill the enemy with just this, but as the opponent was a higher existence, he decided to put another measure as insurance. Never would Yu IlHan get struck on the back of his head due to carelessness. He had learned countless patterns of sure-fail tactics from novels and their protagonists!

[IlHan, hurry up. It will awaken and move soon.]

“Even if you don’t tell me that, I’ll…….”

He activated Dragonic Blood and Blaze successively. As always, he had made it white using Eternal Flame. The location he placed the power of the flames was of course, the central regions of the destruction mirrors. Liera shouted in shock.

[Such a thing was possible?]

“Of course, it’s a part of my equipment. Although, I do wish I can acquire the blessing of the goddess of fire with this……”

He always failed when he got greedy. He shook off his regrets about the blessing of the goddess of fire with a light smile, and shot the weapon before that thing actually found consciousness and stood on guard. There was no need for any grand movements. It was just enough for him to grip his left hand more.

[Kyak!]

Just as Liera instinctively shrunk her body and stuck to Yu IlHan after feeling the scale of the compressed mana, the destruction mirrors shot out a ray of white light without the slightest bit of vibrations.

It was compressed to the extreme that the ray of light that was thinner than a fishing line not only contained the mana contained by the hundred destruction mirrors, it also had the power of Blaze enhanced by Dragonic blood.

[Critical Hit!]

In that instant, the line connected the sky with the ground, and struck the center of the storm at a speed that could not be followed with the eyes. Yu IlHan made the flying fortress charge towards the ground the moment he was sure that his attack had succeeded.

[What are you doing!]

“It’s not dead yet!”

[Then why are you dropping the fortress!]

“Watch closely!”

The flying fortress rapidly shot towards the ground! With the ‘sudden descent’ option, this speed had plenty of room for improvements!

“Although it doesn’t amount to much, let’s add the weight of the inventory.”

[What do you mean not much it’s becoming faster!]

The ground neared. Yu IlHan covered the flying fortress with a spherical barrier to protect the crucial parts of the fortress, and covered that barrier with Blaze. This was a perfect artificial Meteor!

[So you can do everything with Blaze!]

“It’s only pitiful that I can’t use Dragonic blood simultaneously yet!”

The power of the stacked rays from Hundred Eyes was so strong that the 5th class enemy that appeared after the storm had dissipated due to the sheer force, couldn’t move even a little. As the ground neared, Yu IlHan could also confirm the figure of the enemy.

“Oh, dang.”

At that place was the figure of a feeble, pretty lady that even made Yu IlHan hesitate for a moment. The enemy that couldn’t even move due to a perforation on the chest was leaking tears from its clear eyes as if to provoke Yu IlHan’s empathy!

[A, a woman!?]

Liera shouted in panic. Just from the scale of the storm, it wouldn’t have been strange if it was bigger than the golem that he fought in Lanpas, but what actually appeared had the figure of a human! And moreover, she was such a feeble and delicate and beautiful lady!

“Screw yourself!”

And this guy here didn’t consider that at all and still made the flying fortress charge without stopping! There should be a limit to how dried out his emotions can be!

However, there wasn’t even any time for Liera to say anything. Yu IlHan would not stop at all, and before she could do anything, the figure of the woman disappeared as the flying fortress flattened her!

A sound, if that could be considered a sound at all, resounded across the lands. The enormous weight of the flying fortress had just struck the ground, despite the ‘shock absorption’ from the higher existence, so that was nothing strange.

The extreme ray of energy followed by the charge of the flying fortress split apart the region at the point of collision and brought about a large scale earthquake, but as Yu IlHan had immediately collected the body of the higher existence the moment he killed ‘her’, the ground was of no concern for him.

[You have earned experience.]

[??? ???? ?????? ??? ?????? ?? Lv 3?? ???????]

“Ah, these question marks again.”

[IlHan, you just!]

No matter how you looked at it, it was a ‘good’ existence! – just as Liera was about to say that, a screeching woman’s voice rang out in Yu IlHan’s head.

[Hey! You! You really had to kill that!?] (????????)

“Of course, I had to kill that.”

Yu IlHan spoke as if he was expecting that.

“When you become a pro loner like me, you would be able to differentiate fake tears. How dare you try to deceive me when you were just born.”

[…….Huh?]

[…….Tch.]

Liera tilted her head after finding out the situation a little late, and the thought-soul of the higher existence ???????? acknowledged that she was inferior to Yu IlHan.

[Uuuugh, again……another being I can’t win against!]

While the unexpected farewell and unexpected meeting happened in silence, only Orochi was swallowing his frustration.



Chapter 205

The thought-soul that newly registered on Yu IlHan’s collection was a very noisy one.

[How could you kill me without differentiating whether I was an ally or enemy! Huh!?]

“And you had any thoughts on becoming friendly with anyone?”

[I was going to kill them all.]

Well, of course. There was no way the naturally occurring higher existence born on Earth, where everything was born with resentment towards Yu IlHan was going to be friendly. Yu IlHan confronted the pitiful thought-soul that couldn’t lie, and spoke with a sigh.

“Done differentiation, you’re an enemy.”

[How can you only check after you kill!]

“You always start off by killing before anything in war. And my life has always been a war.”

[IlHan is so cool…..}

[Cool!? That’s COOL!?]

The thought-soul sounded very enraged. Well, it was nothing surprising since it died before it could do anything even though it was born as a higher existence.

However, Yu IlHan did not regret his actions at all. To be exact, he was sure that his will wouldn’t have wavered no matter how the situation developed out.

She was an enemy. The reason he could have a luxury talk with her right now was only because he had killed her and made her into a thought-soul, and if she was at all alive, then there would be no room for any conversation.

[Coward, how are you so well off after killing me with a surprise attack!]

“Hahaha, a loser dog is barking.”

Yu IlHan also had the trait of a non-social person that became arrogant once be was sure of his complete superiority.

[Eeek, what do you mean a loser dog. There was no chance to fight at all!]

“I said life is a war. Why didn’t you prepare the moment you were born? Well, you still wouldn’t have seen through my concealment.”

[eeek!]

[IlHan, you’re being scary…..]

While Yu IlHan was thinking of ways to extort information from this noisy girl, the thought-souls rants continued on.

[But cowardly is still cowardly! Just as I was about to take a breath after being born, a weird beam screws up my body, and after I barely endured that, a giant castle falls on me! There’s a reason why this world is trying to kill you!]

“Mastering Death Collector is quite annoying. I collect weird thought-souls like these without my permission.”

Yu IlHan quietly levitated the flying fortress and muttered. Of course, he said that but it wasn’t like she was a useless thought-soul. Not only was it a big plus that he had gained a thought-soul of a 5th class that had intelligence, if he used her well, when she was born from the records of the Earth, it was possible for him to gain information on what he couldn’t even come in contact with until now.

[Khhh, it’s so frustrating dammit!] (Orochi)

“It’s alright, Orochi. You’re doing your best.”

If it was any other ordinary thought-soul, he would have borrowed Orochi’s power to interrogate, but she was of the 5th class – not someone Orochi could currently do something about. What was left was a peaceful negotiation, but the problem was whether this soul fragment that was just smashed by him would be cooperative or not.

From her words, she sounded like a little child that had no experience despite having a lot of knowledge, perhaps due to being just born.

[Anyway, free me! I still have my body, and my soul is here too!]

“I’m sorry but your soul has already passed onto somewhere I do not know. You are only a fragment of the original.”

[What…….!?]

Oh? Would she go into self-retrospective now? The matters of life and death and the soul was always a difficult matter for any being. For her to accept that when she was just a newborn, the weight would be too much on her.

[IlHan, what are you doing to a newborn?]

“Well, she’s an enemy.”

[Oh, yeah. I forgot since you acted so freely with her.]

Yu IlHan had completely levitated the flying fortress and checked the barrier while waiting for her reply, and the thought-soul that was silent after realization of her own identity finally spoke after a little time.

[Th, then……]

“Then?”

[Then it’s the same as me being born again thanks to you, isn’t it?]

Never did he think she would accept that so optimistically!

[You are quite amazing! Well, yeah. At the time I was born, I was only thinking about killing all the humans on Earth, but now my thought-process is quite free! So that’s it, it’s because I was born anew!]

“Well, yeah. I’m quite amazing.”

“Yes. I didn’t die. I was born!”

The shift in the thought-soul’s thought process was surprisingly fast. Even Yu IlHan wouldn’t be so optimistic as her.

However, it was not a bad thing to accept reality and think positively about it. Whether it was for her, or for Yu IlHan, it would make her advance forward.

And as expected, once she left the negative thoughts, she went on to expand her thoughts.

[But this is still too stuffy for me. I don’t like this feeling of being trapped in unknown darkness. Give me a body like that snake.]

[Groaaar, I’m not a snake. I’m Yamata no Orochi.]

“Hmm.”

[The body my soul was in is still intact right? If it’s you you can transfer me back over!]

“I’m sorry but it’s not that simple.”

Yu IlHan spoke in a really unfortunate tone and took out her corpse. Perforated with a Blaze-imbued laser beam, and being smashed by the flying fortress, that ‘body’ made one wonder if it can even be considered a body anymore.

[……]

While the thought-soul was at a loss in front of the unfortunate reality, Liera spoke after looking at the state of the corpse.

[Perhaps it would look like this if an ogre ate a human and vomited it back out.]

[Uwaaan!]

The thought-soul burst out crying. This was a real cry and not one to make Yu IlHan hesitate like before!

[It turned into paste, my pretty body! Although it’s not my body but still! Uwaaan!]

Yu IlHan glared at Liera as if he was innocent, despite him being the one that made the body like this, and calmly spoke to the thought-soul that was crying noisily in his head.

“However, I can give you a different body.”

[……A different body?]

The moment she heard that voice, her voice floated up as if the crying never happened. Success – Yu IlHan smiled after he was sure of that.

“You should know that everything in the world is a give-and-take process, right?”

[But you killed me! No, well, a soul that shared consciousness with me!]

“Then stay like that if you don’t want to. I’ll come back for a 2nd round after making Orochi grow. I’ll say this now, but the conditions then wouldn’t be as good as it is now.”

[Ugh……!]

There was no need for Yu IlHan to provoke any further. Her intelligence was very clear, enough for her to judge that the situation was too disadvantageous for her to drag things out.

Adding on top of that, the fact that she was considering the higher existence that just died and herself as different beings, finally, she obediently replied to Yu IlHan.

[I, can’t help it……. and so? What is this condition?]

“It’s very simple. You only need to become a subordinate under my rule. It’s the best method for the two of us to be able to trust each other.”

[Aha, like that snake……?]

[I’m not a snake!]

Shouted Orochi. Yu IlHan giggled with the two fighting as BGM. Although it was a pity that he couldn’t acquire a 5th class magic stone from her body, it looked like this was a jackpot in its own way.

[???????? has become your subordinate.]

[Uugh, this feels unpleasant. I can feel a connection with another being.]

“Hold it. It’s not only you that feels unpleasant.”

Although she was only a thought-soul, she was still a part of a higher existence. It was an enormous matter to make her submit under his rule.

It would have been difficult even if he had mastered the Rule skill, but as the abilities of a Deathgod supported him, and she was being cooperative as well, he safely succeeded. And naturally, his skill level rose by quite a lot!

[The skill, Rule, has become level 97. It becomes easier to accept a higher-levelled opponent under your rule, the growth speed of all beings under you accelerates, and you receive natural loyalty from all of them. You can apply a little bit of forcefulness in the activation, but only against beings overwhelmingly lower-leagued than you.]

“Hhm. This skill is becoming frightening too. That forceful part really nags on my mind…..”

If he could forcefully submit someone, it meant that someone overwhelmingly stronger than him could do the same to him. Yu IlHan was worried about that, but Liera replied as if that was nothing to worry about.

[It’s normal stuff to make others forcefully submit even without the Rule skill, when there’s a large gap in levels, no? There’s no need to worry about that. What’s more important is the speed you’re levelling the Rule skill at.]

“Hmmm, that’s true, but thinking about how it could affect the opponent’s mind, it feels a little…..”

[Sheesh minor details. There are not many people who raised the Rule skill as much as you in the first place!]

The Rule skill. It was a skill with a tremendous difficulty of acquisition made for rulers, and it was even harder to raise them. However, not only did Yu IlHan acquire this skill from Heaven’s Quest, he had also made quite a lot of footholds for its growth by subordinating elves and even dragons…..

Moreover, this growth accelerated as the subordinates, who were in places unknown to him, were developing rapidly. Adding a higher existence into the mix, it had reached an absurd level of 97.

[Ugh, this is uncomfortable. I can’t hate master even if I wanted to! Eh? I called him master and not master but why do I keep calling him master?]

“Please speak something I can understand.”

[I am!]

It looked like the speech patterns of the subordinates were also affected. Yu IlHan became afraid of his own skill for a moment, but then thought that everything was fine since he was fine.

“Well, it would be fine if I became stronger faster.”

[You’re quite progressive when you’ve just killed a higher existence in a surprise attack.]

[Master, body! Where’s my body?]

The thought-soul that just finished the contract, shouted in a bright voice. Yu IlHan stopped thinking about the Rule skill completely and confronted her.

“Before that let’s give you a name. There’s also something I want to ask you.”

[Although I want a body, but I guess that’s fine…… name me anything.]

“Well, then. How about Mistic.”

[…….Mystic, I like it! Master is quite good after all!]

“Huh.”

In fact, he meant for the name to be a part of ‘optimistic’, with her being naïve and all, but she heard that as ‘mystic’, i.e. being mysterious. But since she liked it, Yu IlHan decided to not talk about the source of the name.

Well, everyone grew up that way. Even Yu IlHan wouldn’t be standing here if the pain of the ‘Bl****d Lancer’ didn’t exit!

Like the name, Mystic asked with the endlessly positive attitude.

[So, what is it that you want to ask?]

“The current state of the Earth. You talked about this right? That you thought that you had to kill me the moment you were born. It would be fine if that was your instinct as a monster, but after talking with you, it doesn’t sound like that.”

[I’m not a monster!]

“That’s why I’m asking, Mystic.”

Yu IlHan’s voice lowered. Perhaps this was the most important moment after the 3rd Great Cataclysm.

“I have a lot to ask, but let me ask this first. How…… were you born as a higher existence?”

[That’s…..]

Mystic hesitated for a moment but replied soon.

[Probably, I was part of a large pool of shared records before I was born.]

“……Huh?”

Yu IlHan momentarily couldn’t understand and asked back, but Liera instantly understood her words.

[So you aren’t a naturally ocurring higher existence?]

[Yeah.]

Acknowledged Mystic.

[I was born with the help of another higher existence sharing his own record. With the orders to kill you.]

“…….”

At that point, Yu IlHan could understand her words.

It looked like there was a higher existences other than her on Earth right now.



Chapter 206

[It was also at the moment I was born so I don’t know the specifics. However, I do know that someone had given me the record. It was an enormous portion of power.]

“And you don’t know who that is?”

[No. However, I do know that ‘he’ resents you a lot. That is probably also why he interfered with my birth and gave me the power.]

“Fuu……”

[I’m the proof. Now that I’ve escaped my body, I do not resent you any more.]

“That makes me tearfully happy.”

Would ‘mountains over mountains’ fit any better for this situation? He thought that he had finally defeated a higher existence, but it turned out she was just someone else’s underling. This was a cliche plot that even novels didn’t use nowadays.

But if there was something that was positive, it was that now the situation was clear.

“He’s probably the dungeon’s master, with the way he hates me, I’m sure.”

An overwhelming pool of mana hat could make such a wide dungeon, his concealing ability that allowed him to hide from even Yu IlHan, who was as good in finding others as he was in concealing himself, and most of all, the voice that told him to never return the moment he left the dungeon all pointed towards this ‘strong being’.

“So he came out of the dungeon too…….?”

[A dungeon’s lord does not need to protect the dungeon forever, so it’s not improbable. In an case, it is fortunate that we left without confronting him before. If Mystic, born from his record, is already this strong, he must be a stronger existence. Perhaps, he’s…….]

“Perhaps?”

[…….No, it’s nothing.]

Yu IlHan did not dig any further. He could predict what she was about to say, and reality wouldn’t change even if she said it or not.

‘I need to become stronger, faster.’

Yu IlHan Muttered to himself and gripped his fists. The enemy was much stronger than he had thought, and was much more proactive in confronting him. He couldn’t rest content just because he defeated Mystic.

“Mystic, don’t you know anything else about Earth?”

[None. What I know is that there is a super strong being in this world, and that that being is disgusted with you.]

“Really, you aren’t helpful at all.”

[I answered so give me a body already!]

Mystic urged Yu IlHan. She didn’t seem to realize how big of a problem she had just given to Yu IlHan.

However, right now, that was better. Nothing would get better if they stayed dejected. Yu IlHan sighed and replied to her.

“Your body is already complete.”

[Where!]

“Here.”

Spoke Yu IlHan while pointing down and the ground he was stepping on. For a moment, she went silent because of his firm tone, which then she shouted as if about to cry.

[You want me to get buried, right? Like my dead body! In . The. Ground!]

“No, if I wanted to do that, I wouldn’t have made you submit under my rule. What I pointed at was not the ground, but this flying fortress.”

[Flying fortress……?]

“Yes, this giant castle that crushed your body into paste.”

His voice regained vitality from sometime onwards. No matter how strong the enemy in front of him was, it was also a clear fact that he was advancing step by step at every moment.

“I’ll have you manage this flying fortress inside it. You definitely won’t feel bored.”

[Wha…..t!?]

It wasn’t easy to persuade her to have this ‘body’ that was billions of light years away from what she had expected, but Mystic, in the end, accepted that she was going to be enchanted into the flying fortress.

It was a giant building, far from being capable of ‘free movement’, moreover, although it was a separate being, her original body was literally crushed by this ‘new body’ of hers, and if she said she didn’t feel bad, it would be a lie, but the overwhelming energy and mobility of the fortress did have a certain charm to it.

[Hmph, I guess it’s better than being stuck inside a weapon.] (Mystic)

[You’re funny for a newbie thought-soul. I’m much more free than the likes of you.] (Orochi)

[What good is being free? You’re weak.] (Mystic)

[Eek, eeek!] (Orochi)

Despite acquiring different bodies to each other, the two thought-souls continued to fight. Of course, the were both under Yu IlHan’s Rule, so nothing much would happen even if they fought.

Yu IlHan wanted the two of them to be close if possible, but as of right now, when Orochi was weaker than Mystic, he thought that that maybe impossible.

[Ooooh, so this castle is an artifact! There are a lot of things I can do!]

“But I’ll scold you if you suddenly lower the altitude or accelerate.”

[Hmmm, so the beams from these mirrors pierced my body after all. Oh, oooh? How do I stop this!?]

“Dammit, I should have waited for a much calmer thought-soul!”

There was no way Mystic would have easily adapted to the controls of the flying fortress when she was unable to take a single step forward when she was born.

She had to go through numerous days of trial and error in order to get used to the management of the flying fortress, and Yu IlHan couldn’t rest even for a little as one moment of carelessness would make the fortress suddenly descend and crash, or the destruction mirrors would spontaneously activate.

[Amazing, it’s as if those the monsters on the ground are trash!]

“I already said that.”

[Wow, I can shoot a hundred beams at once!]

“I already said that too. And hey, if you don’t change directions, you’re gonna crash.”

However, the fruits of the suffering was very satisfying. With a new manager of the fortress, when before, Yu IlHan had to split his consciousness to control it and as such, impede his ability to fight, now, Yu IlHan could fight to his best capabilities on his own and also order Mystic to control the fortress.

One problem was that not enough monsters were generated for them to try cooperating.

Even before Mystic had appeared, the appearance of monsters on Earth had deceased, which made him think that Earth was perhaps in a recovery period since it had used up a lot of mana in giving birth to a 5th class.

[Perhaps it’s because it’s making another 5th class.] (Liera)

“Then I’m only thankful. I was thinking that I was short on resources in any case.”

[Resources……? IlHan, wait!] (Liera)

Yu IlHan vaguely replied to Liera’s sharp words. However, Liera had spent ten centuries with him, so she could understand his words without misunderstanding… much. Yu IlHan didn’t give her any time to retort and took out the ‘resources’.

“I’ll now make the strongest equipment in this world with this!”

[Hey!] (Liera)

[Wh, what are you taking out? Just bury it already!]

It was none other than Mystic’s remains. Moreover, the place he was going to work at was inside his workshop inside the flying fortress. Really, he had no consideration for others at all.

“It’s already irreversibly damaged anyway. You just get used to your current body. I’ll cleanly erase all traces of your past.”

[Great excuse, huh!] (Liera)

[*Sob sob*, now that brute is insulting the dead as well……]

While the flying fortress and the angel was shocked, Yu IlHan boldly continued to work. In any case, no part of the remains was usable other than the bones which had metallic properties, as they were too soft to use. What he did was to throw the remainder of the corpse to the furnace where Eternal Flame was burning to incinerate it to nothing.

Disposing aesthetically unpleasant stuff, and letting Eternal Flame absorb a body belonging to a very high level being to make it evolve again. Everything was perfect!

[You’re inhuman!]

“You don’t say.”

The biggest characteristic that Mystic’s bones had was its hardness, unharmed even after the maximum output of the destruction mirrors, or the smashing of the flying fortress.

Of course, the relatively weak muscles and flesh had turned to paste so the remains would remind other people of horror movies, but Yu IlHan thought that it was finally time to make a new equipment.

“I could hold out with these armors until now, but now, I don’t think they are enough.”

[Ah, so you’re making armor.] (Liera)

At first, he thought about making a weapon if he acquired the body of a higher existence. However, after hearing that Mystic was just a being born with the help of the hell dungeon’s master, he felt a sense of crisis.

Until now, he was confident in both his concealment abilities as well as his defense, but in the future, it won’t necessarily be like that.

His abilities had developed to support all of his attacks, while his defense wasn’t quite enough. In the worst case scenario, he had to make an armor that could hold out for at least one strike regardless of who it was that attacked him.

[I was worried that you were going to make something like a drill again.] (Liera)

[Drill? What’s that, that sounds cool!]

“In fact, I did want to make a drill, but the situation is too urgent.”

Yu IlHan melted down almost all the rare metals he had acquired until now, along with some dragon bones, and alloyed it with Mystic’s bones.

Crafting a perfect metal without allowing the slightest mistake. Never was he so thankful that he had the blessing of the god of smithing.

“The metal itself is perfect after all……”

[What are you saying when it hasn’t even solidified yet?] (Liera)

“Idiot, I won’t be able to shape it at all if it solidifies.”

[You can’t do anything with the Eternal Flame either!?] (Liera)

Eternal Flame flickered as if to deny that, but no matter how amazing it was, there was a limit. No, if Eternal Flame could melt it, he couldn’t say that it could block any attack at least once.

[Then just how do you make it?]

“Like this.”

He took off the armor he was wearing, and filled it with a special mould, comprised of perverted demon’s flesh and magic stone powder as well as some others. Ignoring Liera that looked like she was about to vomit at any second, he scattered 4th class magic stone powder on top of the armor, and poured the molten metal on top of it.

[What are you doing!]

“I’m making a cast out of my armor. The demon flesh inside will hold out long enough for the metal to solidify.”

[I think that’s already beyond the realm of metalworking……]

“Yes, it cannot be worked on with a normal method. If anyone calls this metalworking, you need to kick that guy’s ass. And so.”

Yu IlHan raised his hand. In his hand was a magic stone emitting brilliant violet light.

“What I’m doing is not metalworking.”

[IlHan, you!?]

[Hiiik, what the hell is that! The quantity of mana is absurd!]

“I can’t help it.”

He gritted his teeth and muttered.

“I can only wish that 5th class beings would appear a lot on Earth in the future!”

The magic stone he was holding emitted brilliant light and melted. At the same time, the molten metal on the armor also emitted light.

Metal that comprised a higher existence, and a magic stone that was the core of another – the two met in front of the blacksmith with the best ability across all worlds, and brought each other to a higher realms.

This was a secret technique only allowed to the smiths that have received the blessing of the god of smithing, as well as being extremely proficient in mana crafting due to absorbing the essential knowledge of magic engineering – blacksmithing through mana crafting – was being carried out.



Chapter 207

The enormous amount of mana, which was somehow crammed into that small magic stone instantly spread out and filled the entirety of the workshop.

It was a very beautiful scene, but at the same time, it could make Yu IlHan, melt or explode and annihilate everything including the workshop itself if something went wrong.

“Fuuu……fuu……”

The area was sealed in order to prevent the mana from flowing outside of the workshop. Yu IlHan took deep breaths while leading the mana that filled the workshop, calmly. The mana that formed blue waves resisted his control and tried to escape it, but Yu IlHan desperately held on with the thought that he was not going to let a 5th class magic stone go to waste.

The overflowing mana, and Yu IlHan who desperately guided it towards the armor. That scene looked similar to a god of the sea controlling the waves.

[Why does master make such a ruckus when creating a single item?]

[That’s what’s good about him, idiot.]

The armor, which was already resonating with the mana, started taking shape the moment it came into contact with the flowing mana. Yu IlHan’s experience and knowledge as a blacksmith was changing not only the shape, but the traits of the metal through the usage of mana as a medium.

[The materials you filled inside the armor is evaporating!] (Mystic)

[It’s not simply evaporating, but that it’s reacting to the mana that IlHan is controlling to shapeshift the inside of the armor……. although it’s still disgusting.]

It wasn’t just that. The Iron-armored fire dragon armor that acted as the mould also could not resist the temperature of the molten metal and the pressure of the mana and melted down. It had completed its job to be the mould of the new armor, but the important sentimental value that influenced a lot of battles until now was just gone like that.

“Hhhp.”

Of course, Yu IlHan was not planning to let go of that armor just like that. The fire attribute resistance as well as the other options were those he couldn’t let go of!

The moment the armor melted, Yu IlHan lead the waves of mana to swallow the mana from the armor that flowed out at the moment of destruction of the armor, and that was about to dissipate. Seeing the light of the mana turning red instantly as if a red drop of ink had fallen into the sea, Liera also realized what was happening.

[So you didn’t just melt it, but extracted it! I didn’t know you could raise the effects that way……!]

“No, it was just my desperate attempt to not let go of the armor’s effects.”

Through the tedious and flashy-sounding process, the armor took shape. However, the process had just started!

The Iron-armored fire dragon armor was replaced by the pure white and thin metallic armor. When the strong mana that composed the 5th class magic stone poured onto that, the white metal that had just began to take shape in the form of the armor, started making clanging sounds and was processed real-time. It was an unbelievable scene to the eyes.

[Wow, is making equipment all like this?] (Mystic)

[There’s no way that’s true.] (Liera)

A portion of mana became the anvil that supported the armor while the other portion became the hammer that shaped it. Can this really be called blacksmithing? However, another expression that fit this situation really couldn’t be found. Liera could only dumbfoundedly stare at it.

[Wow……]

The violent flow of mana that looked like it would explode at any second gradually decreased in strength. In the form creation of the armor, it was being naturally absorbed into it. The armor soon completely solidified and did not allow any further form changes.

“Hhp.”

However, the really important thing only just started from this moment. Yu IlHan focused to the extreme. Until now, a mistake would just end with affecting the outer appearance of the armor, but from now, any mistake would bring this entire process to a failure.

He gathered the now-less-concentrated mana into one place to pull out a thin, red thread from it. The mana concentration of the string was high enough to kill any ordinary monster with a single strike!

[You weren’t going to mana craft just like that?]

“Didn’t I tell you? This is neither blacksmithing, nor is it mana crafting. Please keep your volume down from now on.”

Yu IlHan warned Liera, then completely closed his eyes. Then, he stroked on the surface of the armor, which now, had cooled off quite a bit, to check the engravings he had etched in the process just now.

The engravings were perfect. Now, it was time to fill them in! Yes, inlaying with pure, materialized mana was the climax of this process.

Inlaying with mana was a very absurd concept. Lower existences would laugh at him for not being able to differentiate between matter and non-matter, and higher existences would laugh at him, asking him why there was a need to confine mana to such a tiny space.

However, Yu IlHan couldn’t care less about what the people around his said. As a loner, he didn’t even know if what he was doing was right. He only did it in a way that he thought was correct.

[Master, are you really a lowly 3rd class?]

[Shh.]

Yu IlHan perfectly calculated the density and thickness of the red mana thread and started filling the engravings on the armor. The mana was glowed and was absorbed into the engravings as they had found their homes, and at that moment, the league of the armor rose drastically.

No, perhaps that expression wasn’t suitable. Just the armor that had the form had no meaning in and of itself. Only after inlaying the red mana did it come alive and start breathing.

If the Destroyer’s Flying Fortress was a masterpiece that brought out Yu IlHan’s everything at the largest scale possible, this armor could be said to be the opposite, and was no different from a process that compressed everything he could do in the smallest possible unit. There was no grandeur but the mysticism and beauty did not lose out to the flying fortress.

“Hhp, fuu…..”

[Au, so cool…..]

[And who was it that told me to keep quiet……]

[Shh.]

Red lines were being etched into various places of the blindingly white armor. As the size of the frighteningly dense mana decreased, the lines on the armor became brighter. As the work progressed, the light emitted increased more and more, but Yu IlHan’s eyes were closed, so he wasn’t affected.

An unknown amount of time had passed since the whole process started; and Yu IlHan realized that his hand was now touching the very top of the helmet, and heaved a deep sigh.

“Fuuu.”

The frightening lumps of mana had now disappeared. They were all inlaid onto the armor; from the helmet to the boots. The red lines that looked like human blood vessels on top of the sturdy plate armor, gave a sense of fear, at the same a, strange beauty.

Especially, the heart of the armor had a magic engraving that Yu IlHan had put his heart and soul into; and the red lines were so tangled up that no one could really recognize what that acted as.

[Did it end?]

Carefully asked Liera. Yu IlHan seemed to hesitate a little, but still nodded his head.

“Yes, for now.”

At the moment Yu IlHan declared the end of the process, the armor again, emitted bright light. In that light, Yu IlHan’s retina was engraved with new text.

[Firedragon Body was complete.]

[Firedragon Body]

[Rank – Demigod]

[Defense – 15,000]

[Durability 2,000,000/2,000,000]

[User restrictions – 100% or more fire attribute resistance]

[Options –

1. 100% increase in fire attribute resistance and attack power.

2. Can freely change form of the armor at will, and using the armor to attack will have 70% of the defense of the armor as attack power.

3. 30% increase in all Physical Combat-category skills.

4. 50% increase in all recovery-category skills.

5. Absorbs and re-analyzes weapons and armor, before ejecting them.

6. Endlessly creates fire-attribute mana and stores it. The stored mana can be ejected for offensive purposes, and the power amplifies when using a fire-related ability.]

[One of the miracles made by the Blacksmith that creates myths. This is a masterpiece that all that wield fire will sell their souls to acquire. It is absurd in itself, but the armor still has a lot of un-interpreted engravings.]

“So there’s a demigod rank.”

Just as Yu IlHan was muttering that after looking at the armor, Liera replied as if it was nothing new.

[Yes, so you already created a God-ranked, so Demigod seems easy to you, huh?]

“No, it still looks like it’s higher than Chaos, and I never thought that this would become God-ranked.”

[Why?]

“Because this is still incomplete. You have a feeling after looking at those options right?”

[The part where it says it absorbs weapons and armor to re-analyze and eject them?]

“There’s that too, but the more important one is the 6th option.”

Liera, who didn’t understand a single thing about the artifact even after looking at the same item window, pondered whether to retort in this situation or not, but decided to keep quiet. This was her common sense when dealing with Yu IlHan to keep her blood pressure down.

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan, who never even thought about what she felt like, called out his partner to perfectly finish off the armor, before he wore it.

“Orochi.”

[Why do you call for me?]

Replied Orochi as if it was annoyed of everything in the world now. Perhaps that was because he got too many strong enemies lately. Yu IlHan, who understood what he felt like, laughed and spoke.

“Time to move to your new house.”

[New house….? Then, to that armor?]

Shouted Orochi in surprise. To think Yu IlHan put in all that effort to make his new home? However, Yu IlHan added a condition.

“How many perverted demon thought-souls are there inside me right now?”

[Around 300 thousand I guess?]

“I’ll let you move if you eat them all.”

[……]

Orochi became silent for a moment, but still replied like a man after some time.

[I’ll try.]

“When?”

[Right now.]

“Good.”

Orochi escaped the Eight-tailed dragon spear, and immediately invaded the ‘space’ where Yu IlHan put all his thought-souls into. Mystic, who thought back to how she was in that space until just a few moment ago, shuddered.

[Just what are those strange things in there? I think it’ll be very hard for that guy to win.]

“But right now, the other thought-souls should have shrunk back due to your appearance. No matter how strong of a lower existence they were, they’re no different from frogs in front of a higher existence.”

Said the 3rd class that killed 5th classes. Mystic, who was the person in question of ‘being killed by a 3rd class despite being 5th class’, ended up harboring killing intent towards her master despite the fact that no one ordered her to. Yu IlHan didn’t care, though, and continued explaining.

“So, I’ll aim for this moment. And moreover, Orochi will grow quickly after he eats one or two of them.”

Above all, Orochi had the safe haven known as the Eight-tailed dragon spear. They couldn’t escape the thought-souls area, but only Orochi had a free exit pass!

[Kehk, Kugh, Kuhuk. I almost finished eating an entire one!]

“Do your best Orochi!”

[Don’t eat popcorns dammit!]

As he had predicted, Orochi utilized his advantage and did guerilla attacks, and succeeded in devouring a perverted demon in mere 15 seconds. That was the signal for Orochi’s counterattack.

[Kuoooh!]

[Kihaaah!]

Watching the grand series drama in his head, Yu IlHan polished the Firedragon Body until it shined, cleaned his workshop, and chatted with Liera and Mystic to become closer. This was all very frustrating for Orochi!

And like that, the 30 minutes that felt like an eternity, passed, and Orochi returned.

[I…… finished them all. Urgh.]

Hearing the report from Orochi, which was now unbelievably stronger than before, and made him wonder if he was still a lower existence, Yu IlHan nodded in satisfaction and activated the skill. With the mastered Soul enchant skill, he let him settle inside the Firedragon body.

[Infernal dragon body was complete.]

Checking the information on the artifact that was still Demigod-ranked, but had marginally better specs, he struck the Eight-tailed dragon spear on his hand into the armor.

Seeing the armor absorbing that while glowing, Liera screamed, but Yu IlHan only snorted and opened his inventory.

“Orochi, meal time!”

[I’m already full!]

That day, Yu IlHan emptied out his inventory to stuff the Infernal dragon body.

Such was the creation of one of Yu IlHan’s strategic classed weapons.



Chapter 208

[Infernal Dragon Body]

[Rank – Demigod]

[Defense – 16,500]

[Durability – 2,550,000/2,550,000]

[User restrictions – 120% or more fire attribute resistance]

[Options –

1. 120% increase in fire attribute resistance and attack power.

2. Can freely change the form of the armor at will, and using the armor to attack will convert 75% of the armor’s defense into attack power. It is possible to change it’s form into an absorbed weapon, and in that case, 20% of this armor’s defense will be added to the weapon’s ability.

3. 40% increase in effectiveness for all Physical Combat-category skills.

4. 60% increase in effectiveness for all recovery-category skills.

5. Absorbs and re-analyzes weapons and armor, before ejecting them. Currently stored weapons : 2,294,475

6. Endlessly creates fire-attribute mana and stores it. The stored mana can be ejected for offensive purposes, and when using a fire-related ability the effect will be amplified.]

[One of the miracles made by the Blacksmith that creates myths. This is a masterpiece that all that wield fire would sell their souls to acquire. It is absurd in itself, but the armor still has a lot of un-interpreted engravings. Through the process of absorbing numerous weapons, it is now able to wield the power of those weapons.]

“Liera.”

Yu IlHan checked with Liera after he had emptied out his inventory of weapons, and showed her the completed Infernal Dragon Body.

“Is this much enough to endure a full blown strike from you?”

[A single strike, yes.]

Judged Liera. Yu IlHan heaved a sigh after hearing that.

“So I can survive one blow.”

[Surviving a second blow would be hard. Honestly, it has the second best ability out of all the armors I’ve seen in my lifetime…… but in blocking attacks filled with mana, the health and magic status of the physical body is just as important as the armor’s defense. The equipment becomes stronger as the wielder grows stronger. You should know this, right?]

“Of course, I possess the record of the god of smithing, after all.”

[To elaborate, if I wear this…..]

Liera made a cute smile while speaking nonsense.

[I think I can kill 7th class beings without a hitch.]

“What level are 7th class beings on?”

[Just below God, I guess?]

The weight of the armor in his hands suddenly became heavier! Yu IlHan extended the Infernal Dragon armor towards Liera while shaking.

“Sh, should I lend it to you once?”

[……That’s a very tempting offer, but it’s no good. My fire attribute resistance is not high enough.]

Liera replied while blushing for some reason. In fact, her heart was pounding, not because of the increase to her abilities that she would get while wearing the armor, but because she would be wearing something that Yu IlHan once wore, but Yu IlHan couldn’t possibly know that, and nodded while accepting her answer.

“Well, yeah. It’s quite demanding……”

[But without that much resistance, you’ll not be able to endure the heat that the armor emits. User restrictions aren’t there for nothing.] (Orochi)

[Boasting when it isn’t even your ability.] (Mystic)

[Shut up, building.] (Orochi)

[Building!? You called me a building!?] (Mystic)

There was only one restriction to equip the Infernal dragon body, the fire attribute resistance. However, the number on it was the problem. Although Firedragon body, which was before Orochi was enchanted into it, had a 100% requirement that was quite demanding, after undergoing its first growth, it had jumped up to 120%!

[It’s practically an armor made for higher existences. Even 4th class fire mages would not have such a high fire resistance.]

“I also barely make it.”

[Why don’t you realize that it’s strange that you can ‘barely make it’?]

Yu IlHan’s fire attribute resistance and attack power had a fundamentally 20% increase from his class, Blazing Reaper. Then, another 20% from the effects of the blessing of the god of smithing, and another 40% from the effects of the ‘Hero of Fire’ title!

Without counting the minor details, just the basic resistance amounted to 80%. Since his fire resistance had broken through 50% from levelling his Blaze skill to level 99, his fire attribute resistance right now, was about 130%.

[At that point, it’s the same as a newborn phoenix, born from fire.]

[So he wasn’t aiming for the blessing of the goddess of fire for nothing…] (Mystic)

While everyone was watching, Yu IlHan took off everything he was wearing and ended up nude. When he had been left alone on Earth, he had been short and had a slightly chubby stomach, leaving him with an unsightly body that he couldn’t show to others, but now, the story was different.

[Fuu~~…] (Liera)

[Huh? That angel collapsed.] (Mystic)

[She’s like that everyday so you don’t need to mind.] (Orochi)

191 cm in height, and a perfect 1:7 head to body ratio. Moreover, the battle toned muscles that covered his body were proof of the cruel times he had lived through. Because he had mastered Transcendent regeneration, there was not a single scar on his body, however the rigidity and mass that he obtained through the numerous years of training and real-life battles could not be hidden.

Then he proceeded to put on the ‘Infernal Dragon Body’. The Infernal Dragon Body was very thin, considering the exceptional abilities and defensive properties that it had. And as the word ‘body’ in its name implied, it was intended to be worn right beneath the normal layers of clothing.

Although the outer appearance was made from the Iron-armored fire dragon armor, the inside was different. In the process of mixing the perverted demon’s flesh and magic stone powder, the magic engineering was already in effect, and as a result, he could reform the shape of the armor even if it was in direct contact with his body.

The transcendent mana in his armor would also change to fit the body of the new owner if the owner ever changed. Though, something like that would likely never happen.

“Eternal Flame, you come over too.”

Eternal Flame, who had been residing in Ruin Calling all this time, moved to the Infernal dragon body, and finally the Infernal dragon body become one with Yu IlHan and almost seemed to start breathing.

After checking that there was another 10% increase in fire attribute resistance and attack power, Yu IlHan put the Ruin Calling inside the armor as well. Now, he would be able to call out the Ruin Calling in the equipped state whenever he had to, without any delays. Truly, a one-for-all armor.

“Well, then.”

[There’s still something left?]

“Yup.”

Yu IlHan took out the Giant Bucket and filled it with pure dragon blood.

“So I only have around 3 thousand liters of dragon blood left. I should restrain from making Breath now.”

[It’s like that because you’re using them up rapidly like oil-rich countries.]

“Isn’t there some dragon-rich world somewhere……”

While muttering that, he entered the Giant Bucket. Of course, he was still wearing the Infernal dragon body.

“Fuuu.”

Drenching both his body and the armor in dragon blood, Yu IlHan released white flames using the ability on the Infernal dragon body, which then made the dragon blood inside the Giant Bucket glow a little before it started boiling. The ones watching did not know what he was doing, but Yu IlHan was serious.

[Is that magic engineering too?]

“Yeah.”

Before, there existed a resonance between the Bucket, the blood within it, and Yu IlHan, but now, the Infernal Dragon Body forced its way into the mix. At first, it seemed to wander around aimlessly but eventually it resonated with the others and began emitting light. This was because Orochi, who had understood Yu IlHan’s intentions, was helping.

“Fuuu.”

Every time he let out a deep breath, the dragon blood boiled even more. Every time the Infernal dragon body emitted fire along with light, the boiling blood was absorbed into the Infernal dragon body.

[Why is everything master does so flashy?]

[Shut up.]

To elaborate, this was something like tempering; the final tempering process for this armor. It was also a kind of blessing that Yu IlHan could bestow on the armor as a dragon rider.

“Done.”

An unknown amount of time had passed. When Yu IlHan had opened his eyes after declaring that, there was not a single drop of blood left inside the bucket now. Everything was sucked into the Infernal dragon body.

The armor was still shining in a blinding white light, but the red engraving on the armor emitted an even more mysterious aura than before. Liera asked with glistening eyes.

[God? Did it become God-ranked?]

“Uh, no? This was just a process to make this armor one with me. There should be no immediate effects.”

Yu IlHan disappointed Liera and put away the bucket into his inventory. Then, he moved his left finger and saw that it was covered by a thin, metallic gauntlet, and was finally sure that his body had synergized with the Infernal dragon body.

“Good, perfect.”

This was the second equipment he had made with all his heart in after the flying fortress. It needed to be at least this good. He had used the most precious 5th class magic stone in his possession after all! Now, he wouldn’t be able to become 4th class immediately even if he acquired the blessing of the goddess of fire. He just made himself unable to.

“That’s why, it would have been good if you gave me a magic stone, Mystic.”

[It’s still not enough to cooperate with you like this after I died!?]

“How long until I meet that guy. I do want to acquire my 4th class before I meet him……”

Yu IlHan ignored Mystic’s complaints and muttered alone, while calculating inside his head. It was unknown what kind of calculations he did, but he looked at Liera who was flapping her wings in the air. Liera blushed and panicked.

[Wh, what?]

“……I’ll make you a new armor this time.”

[Really?]

Liera’s expression brightened. However, Yu IlHan was very conflicted while looking at her. There was no way a higher existence like Liera would need an armor in an isolated environment like Earth! So, it was normal for her to reject this or at least be suspicious about it……

‘This is an armor that should not be used.’

However, as Liera had vaguely suspected, Yu IlHan was also deep in thought. At the moment of Yu IlHan’s danger, he knew that Liera would definitely protect him even if she had to sacrifice herself in the process. However he was unaware of what emotions would lead her to do that.

Whatever feelings she had towards him, from the moment Liera used her power as a higher existence for something other than self-defense, she would lose her qualifications as a higher existence. That didn’t mean just a drop in league. The record that composed her very existence would be sucked out of her, and would put her life in danger.

So, the armor Yu IlHan was about to make now was not to strengthen her, but to protect her. The armor that would protect her from the big crisis of having her qualifications as a higher existence stripped away! Just this showed how grand of a thought Yu IlHan was having.

However, since he had made the God-ranked Flying fortress and the Demigod ranked armor, it was just another challenge. He had no thoughts of failing. He was confident in succeeding too.

[Ehehehehe.]

Liera was rejoiced while oblivious of the mental conflict he was facing. Yu IlHan thought about smacking her on the forehead, but seeing her smile, he was drained of energy.

“I’ll make it immediately.”

[Here, check my size.]

“I already know so I don’t have to.”

[Here! Check! My! Size!]

Liera’s voice became louder, but her smile became heavier. Yu IlHan predicted that he would be put in a bad situation if he defied her any more, and nodded with a bitter smile.

“Okay, let’s check.”

[Ufufu.]

Seeing Liera liking it so much, he grew worried that she might have exhibitionist tendencies, the thought-souls that became Yu IlHan’s subordinates exchanged voices, inaudible to Liera.

[That angel’s a pervert, right?] (Mystic)

[Yes, she is.] (Orochi)

Yu IlHan checked Liera’s body size with a tape measure. From chest size, to waist to thighs, to toes, to wing bones, everything. Liera blushed in embarrassment soon after.

[Huguuu……]

“Done.”

[Al, already? I think you didn’t measure properly.]

“I did measure properly.”

He would not repeat this process. Yu IlHan clothed the embarrassed, but still disappointed(?), perverted, pitiful angel and started working on the armor. He put his heart and blood into it, to the point that he found it a pity that he had no 5th class magic stone, and made a light pink metallic armor over 3 days.

[How did this pink color come about?]

“I mixed high-level monsters’ blood and tempered it.”

[I don’t want to wear it now!]

The form creation, the tempering, the engraving was all perfect. Yu IlHan, who used the magic stones of high-level 4th class demons immediately let Liera wear it after he finished. She tilted his head even while jumping around in joy.

[I don’t know all the specs of the armor? What’s the fifth option?]

“It’s better for you to not know it. If possible, forever.”

[Ok.]

Equipped with pink armor, and a similar colored spear, Liera was beautiful to be called the fighting maiden Valkyrie instead of a member of God’s envoy. Yu IlHan nodded in satisfaction, and Liera looked very happy.

With this, everything he could do to prepare against the hell dungeon’s master was done. However, Mystic, who didn’t know that it was her who made Yu ILHan hurry like this, was having a blast killing the monsters on Earth with the Flying fortress.

[So you guys are all trying to kill master because you’re restrained by that strange being, right? It will be happier if you escape that! There, liberation! Liberate! Liberate!]

“You sound like a psycho if you keep repeating the same word so please restrain yourself.”

He couldn’t continue smithing forever. To bring back his battle sense after spending almost a week with the hammer and magic stones, Yu IlHan also participated in the hunt.

The Flying fortress that bombarded the ground, and Yu IlHan who slashed apart the monsters, concealed, in the crowd!

Ruin Calling, which had been enhanced after it was integrated into the Infernal dragon body, helped him move at speeds comparable to higher existences at any time, and as soon as a monster appeared on Earth, he finished them within 3 minutes whether it appeared in the sky, the ground, or in the deep sea.

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

“Fuaaah!'”

[Kigik!]

[He’s a monster!]

[We can’t win against him…… We can’t!]

With a thought, any weapon could appear in his hand, and he could blast them out at the moment he wanted, in the quantity he wanted. It was the same with the ballista that shot giant arrows, and blasting ten pile bunkers at the same time on a giant monster was not even a problem.

And when around 2 months more passed, the second 5th class, after Mystic, had appeared.

[Ah, this aura…… Kyak!] (Mystic)

[Kuhaaah!]

As it had appeared while Mystic was pouring beams against monsters, the flying fortress was unable to go into concealment.

Perhaps due to the failure from Mystic, it had appeared unknown to anyone in the horde of monsters, and immediately jumped into the air and broke the barrier on the flying fortress with a slam, to prevent the flying fortress from attacking it directly. It wasn’t only that.

[Kuhuu…… Kill the traitor.]

[Wh, what do I do? Shoot towards the inside!?]

Just by invading the flying fortress, it had prevented the two biggest attacks from the fortress. The physical attack from the flying fortress, and Hundred Eyes.

It wasn’t that Hundred Eyes could not attack towards the inside of the barrier, but that had more loss than gains. Shooting beams against an agile 5th class would destroy the flying fortress before it could kill it.

“fuu.”

However, it was very naïve to think that entering the flying fortress was a good thing just because Mystic was defeated like that. Yu IlHan was not only the creator of the flying fortress, but also the being that could fight against the flying fortress by himself! Its biggest mistake was to use the surprise attack on the fortress and not on him!

From the moment of it’s initial appearance to its invasion of the flying fortress took less than one second. During that one second, Yu IlHan unfolded Ruin Calling and layered Leaps several times to return to the flying fortress, took out the Eight-tailed dragon spear, and charged against the 5th class that started destroying the flying fortress.

[Everything other than Earth, destroy!]

[Kyaaak!] (Mystic)

Unlike Mystic, which had a delay in its consciousness after it was born, this 5th class was immediately pervaded by its destructive tendencies and started destroying the flying fortress! It did not know of Yu IlHan’s concealment. The fight was over at this point.

Before, higher existences were beings that Yu IlHan wouldn’t be sure to win against even if he struck first with a surprise attack, but that was before he crafted the Infernal dragon body.

He made the armor by sacrificing the biggest criterion for him to advance to 4th class. High defense was obvious, and it was natural for him to acquire the same level, or even higher level of destructive power, even if he had to forgo his 4th class with this!

And the result was beyond Yu IlHan’s expectations. With Ruin Calling and the armor equipped together, he had 70% increase in physical combat powers, and 130% in fire attribute attack! And with the title ‘Untouchable’ that increased his abilities by 20% against beings with higher leagues than him…..

Afraid of 5th class? Please don’t joke. Right now, he had the confidence to win against them head on.

[Kuhaaa………kahak!?]

Eternal Flame and Blaze was focused on the tip of the Eight-tailed dragon spear, and Dragonic blood enhanced it. Which took less than an instant. Immediately after that, Yu IlHan pierced the spear onto its heart!

[Critical Hit!]

“Fuu.”

[Kak, Kuhak……]

Yu IlHan pulled the spear out of its heart. Spear of Untraceable Trajectory had made a total of 8 holes in its heart, so it gave up trying to circulate blood using the heart.

However, that didn’t mean that the battle was over. To a higher existence, a heart was just another organ. Not something that governed life.

[I…….Kill you.]

“That’ll be difficult.”

The thing is, Yu IlHan also knew that.

[Kergh……Kahk.]

Unlike Mystic with the perfectly feminine body, this one had a horrifying appearance, that looked like it was half a man and half a wolf. The moment it tried to extend a foot wards Yu IlHan.

The lower body that tried to go forwards separated itself from the upper body that slid backwards and fell. The completely burnt cross section revealed that it was Yu IlHan who did that.

[The Earth shall………. you.]

It could not continue any further. At the time the upper and lower bodies were bisected, its head was also split in half. Yu IlHan had succeeded in striking a total of ten times, with a mixture of stabs and slashes.

Spear of Untraceable Trajectory really made Yu IlHan’s concealment ability heighten to the limits. Maximizing the efficiency of surprise attacks, and more.

[You have earned experience.]

[The skill, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, has become level 93.]

[You have mastered the skill, Deathgod. The skill’s duration time increases to 3 hours, and the maximum ability enhancement become 100%. It is possible to fuse-evolve once the evolution conditions are set.]

“Good.”

Yu IlHan muttered in a light voice, as if killing a higher existence was nothing to him now.

“Not long left until my 4th class.”



Chapter 209

Unfortunately, he was unable to acquire a thought-soul from the 5th class werewolf. Mastering Death collector didn’t mean he could acquire the thought-soul of every existence he killed, so it wasn’t particularly surprising.

Just that, its remains were in much better shape compared to Mystic’s.

“Wow, I gave it my blood and the hole on its heart is closing.”

[Blood that can regenerate other’s corpses? Master really isn’t human, are you?] (Mystic)

[It won’t come back to life and attack us or something, right……?]

Ignoring Mystic and Liera’s retorts, Yu IlHan focused on restoring the remains to a perfect state. Just piecing the cross-sections together and dripping Yu IlHan’s blood, which was full of rest energy, onto the wound before activating Transcendent regeneration did the job!

Although there was his blood to help the recovery, there was also the mana left in the dead body that reacted to his blood and restored the body to its best condition. Seeing that, Yu IlHan found it absurd. Just how much of a recovering ability one had to have in order to do that? It looked like ‘that guy’ thought about this a lot after Mystic’s vain death.

“It would have been hard if I couldn’t kill it with a surprise attack.”

[So, what are you going to do with that? Make it a zombie?]

“Something similar.”

[What!? Really!?]

“But I can’t do it now.”

The reason was, of course, because there was no 5th class magic stone on this thing. Yu IlHan checked on the state of the remains once again, before putting it inside his inventory. No matter how active the mana was, it was still a corpse, so he could store it in his inventory.

“This is the start. Mystic, resume working once the repairs are finished.”

[Got it.]

“I should take a bath since I sweated a lot.”

[Let’s go together!]

“Whatever.”

However, Yu IlHan was still in his armor when he was going inside the Giant Bucket, Liera pouted at that, but he pretended to not see her. This was a process to heighten his sync with the armor, and bathing like this didn’t have any drawbacks. In fact, he felt even better because of the resonance.

[You’re really……]

“What.”

[……..Nothing.]

She said it was ‘nothing’ but Liera still seemed to be unsatisfied, Yu IlHan snorted and fell into his thoughts.

If the first 5th class being that appeared on Earth, Mystic, had a lot of experimental characteristics, the second one moved in a way to prevent the situation similar to how she was killed. Covering up the weakness and bringing out better products one after the other, almost as if Yu IlHan was being used to test experimental subjects.

If ‘that guy’ still had the power to make 5th class beings, in other words, tweak Earth in a way to his liking, then what would the next one be like? And the next? And the one after that?

‘And finally…….’

Would he come out himself? Yu IlHan laughed after thinking about that.

He would not stay passive like this. As loners didn’t receive much stimulus from others normally, they were very sensitive to them. Since this guy had made Yu IlHan so annoyed and tired like this, he would make that guy pay the price.

The problem was the time. As of now, he didn’t have the confidence to win against that guy, so he had to get his 4th class as soon as possible, but leaving aside if that guy would be willing to wait until he becomes 4th class, he didn’t even know how much time he would take in order to get his 4th class.

Yu IlHan himself had no problem. He was used to living alone, but he wasn’t alone right now either. The problem was his relatives. He was worried about his father, his mother, Kang MiRae who went to Lanpas, and Na YuNa who stole his lips before running away, but above all……

‘Mir is the one I’m most worried about.’

Not to mention the Rule skill, his senses as a Dragon rider was telling him that Mir was definitely safe. Although it was like that, he didn’t know what he was doing in what kind of situation, so that was why he was worried.

In these past 2 years, he was growing even faster than when he was trapped in an Abandoned World with Kang MiRae and Na YuNa. He had long since become 4th class. Perhaps by counting levels alone, he was the highest among Yu IlHan’s subordinates, even when including Flemir. This was despite the fact that his other subordinates were growing at abnormal speeds as well!

It was definitely good news that he was developing. However, growing fast meant that he was in an environment that was just as dangerous.

The path Yu IlHan had taken until now was also like that. A path where his life would be forfeit due to a moment’s mistake. Yu IlHan was worried that Yumir would be adventurous and imitate his actions and something would go wrong somewhere. If Liera knew what he was thinking, she would probably tell him to mind his own business!

“Fuu……”

Feeling the hot water that washed his body underneath the armor, Yu IlHan leaned back on the Bucket and closed his eyes. Liera was grumbling on his side, Mystic was shouting while moving the Flying fortress, and he could feel the resonance with Orochi. Hearing all of that, he thought up of Yumir.

He should have grown since he’s 4th class now. However, as he was still young, he wouldn’t have become an adult. No, he wished that he wasn’t an adult yet. At that time, Yu IlHan would be disappointed.

‘I’ll go looking for you soon. Please hold out until then, even if you have to do it alone.’

[IlHan, are you sleeping?]

“I’m not sleeping so don’t come near me.”

[Tch, stingy.]

It was good that he wasn’t alone, but perhaps she could give him more time to think about this… Yu IlHan sighed and pushed Liera’s face away with his left hand.

One thing that was sure, was that it was too early, whether to meet the guy that was behind all this, or to find Yumir. He had to become a little stronger first. A little…. much. A lot, overwhelmingly strong. At least to the point he could become comfortable after getting rid of everyone and everything that anooyed him.

“And when would that be…..?”

However, no matter how hard he tried to hold it, time would flow. The greedy Yu IlHan wished that he could grab onto everything that he wanted to, in that flow of time.

Meanwhile, the one he was worried about the most, Yumir was now educating the children for real.

“Now!”

“Fuaah!”

“Hhp! Haap!”

In front of him were thousands of children emitting flames. From palms, from mouths, from heads, from foot, from fists, from mid-air – there was a lot of media, but they were all flames. They were all very strong considering the age of these children!

“No, it’s still too weak.”

However, Yumir’s standards were very high. The children that became dejected at his words complained to him.

“But we can’t be strong like the hero!”

“But we can’t kill those monsters for all our lives at this rate?”

“We can’t kill that monster no matter what!”

Yumir wanted the children to become stronger faster, and the children were hitting realistic limits and were suffering. What was interesting was that no matter how they said it was impossible, their limitations were heightened as they ate the blood and flesh of these demons, acquiring potential to become stronger yet again.

And in truth, some of these children succeeded in making stronger flames.

“Ah, I did it.”

“It works. It works now so you need to throw those stronger ones.”

“I can’t do that!”

However, Yumir only became stricter as time went. The children also tried to catch up to him by following his guidance, and although they were much slower than Yumir’s expectations, they were still growing.

“Next is the electric wielding kids.”

“Hero, call us the Thunder Knights!”

“No, because it’s childish.”

“Hing!”

Perhaps the environment affected them, as after two years of eating the demons, they could wield mana attributed to lightning, wind, ice, fire, and vibration and other special attributes. The fact that they acquired abilities that they didn’t have when they were 2nd class, meant that they were now 3rd class.

No matter how effective childhood education was, some people should have realized that something was strange after seeing kids as young as 3 years old, and maximum 6 year old at over level 100, but those ‘some people’ didn’t exist here, and of coursen, Yumir and the other children did not care about that either.

“Yes, yes, then. Thunder Knights, ugh, why do I have to be the one that’s embarrassed?”

“Yes! 2,300 people, at your command!”

“You have a lot more members than the other teams, so your first objective is to kill the vibrating monster by attacking with lightning all at once.”

“That’s impossible!”

Yumir divided the children according to their attributes, and divided them again according to their personality or characteristics to move them more efficiently. No matter how weak they were, using thousands of similar attacks on one target would be devastating.

The children trained under Yumir could deal a significant strike to the demons right now. That was because Yumir, who was a dragon that referred to as the lord of mana, was controlling their mana to enhance their powers.

Yumir, who originally had the capability to control other’s mana, but ended up being born under the loner Yu IlHan, could finally find a path to become stronger as a dragon by leading the children.

Yumir was wishing for the children to become able to kill one of the demons on their own later, and the children couldn’t even imagine a situation where they had to fight one without Yumir around.

“We don’t know until when this situation will continue so you need to become stronger.”

“Uu, hero is too stiff.”

“Stiffer than the monsters.”

The youngest one among the army of children was about two years and two months old, and on the outside, that child looked like a ten year old. Their vocabulary was still very weak, but that was still absurd considering their age. Really, they were developing into an army of superhumans, like the word ‘newtypes’.

“Hero!”

After Yumir finished checking the growth of the Thunder Knights and was distributing the blood and flesh of the lightning-wielding demon, a scout came from far away and stood in front of him. This was a child that wielded wind.

The children that became to wield wind like Yumir, could receive teachings from him directly and had more destructive power and speed than the others.

“Four monsters!”

“Four of them? Uhmmm, that’s a lot.”

Time passed, and there were changes on the action patterns of the demons. Until now, they weren’t bothered to group up if Yumir and the children didn’t cause a fuss, but now that they were being massacred repeatedly, they refrained from individual action and now acted in groups!

“That’s too much, don’t we have to run away?”

“With this many people? That’s impossible even for the hero.”

“But……”

“There’s a lot but this may be a good opportunity.”

Said Yumir suddenly. The children instinctively understood what his words meant and looked at him.

“We fight.”

“Hero, but……”

“We fight.”

Repeated Yumir. After becoming 4th class, Yumir now had an appearance of a 15 year old boy, and one so beautiful that anyone would turn back to look at him once they met him on the street. The army of children was something like Yumir’s fan club, so they couldn’t really refuse when he smiled so honestly like that.

“You can do it like? I’ll let you run away if it seems like you’ll die.”

“Hero, that means you’ll make us fight if it looks like we’ll survive, right?”

“Yup.”

Declared Yumir. THe children sighed but they couldn’t help it. They were not playing around right now, but were competing for survival, and in this competition, Yumir’s judgement was correct.

“Let’s minimize the casualties. Let’s all survive if possible.”

“Guys, pack up the tools!”

They didn’t only eat the flesh of the demons during the past years. Among the children, there were some who had potential as a blacksmith, and although they had to go through countless trial and error, with super-high grade materials and overflowing amount of 4th class magic stones, they could make decent equipment.

The children were equipped with odd looking, but sturdy-as-hell armor, and though twisted, sharp-as hell weapons, and lined up according to their armies. In the past two years, the total number of children that survived thanks to Yumir was 9,300. As they had gathered in a speed that was unfit for their ages, they even emitted a pressuring aura.

“Good, then.”

The commander of the army, Yumir, turned towards the front. On his fist was the gauntlet that Yu IlHan had made, glowing as ever.

“Let’s depart.”

This was the second time the hell dungeon was met with a crisis of being obliterated, after being obliterated by Yu IlHan years before.



Chapter 210

[Kihak!]

“Hhp!”

A gigantic leopard head was in front of Yu IlHan’s eyes. He pulled out the Eight-tailed dragon spear from his gauntlet and struck it inside, following which the bright white flames completely melted its brain and made it stop temporarily.

However, it would not die with just this. To kill the 5th class beings that appeared on Earth, there was a need to erase the brain, pull out the heart, slash the neck, and dismember all the limbs.

To add the icing on the cake, Yu IlHan wasn’t facing against a single 5th class right now.

[Shaaah!]

[IlHan, a mantis behind you!] (Liera)

“That’s damn annoying!”

[I’ll do the rest.] (Mystic)

[Kuoooh! Stay still for a moment!] (Orochi)

Liera’s warning, Mystic’s claim, and Orochi’s words simultaneously rang out in his head. However, Yu IlHan understood all threes words at once and processed them quickly before moving around.

“Hhp!”

First, he took out the spear from the leopard’s head and slashed it horizontally to attack three times, which then the leopard’s neck was severed as the mana movement inside the leopard temporarily stopped because its brain was molten.

However, what Yu IlHan had slashed was not only the leopard’s neck. The mantis that tried to kill him while he was facing the leopard was caught up in it and was slashed apart as well! The peak level body movement in combination with the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory achieved this. Of course, the power of the whip and the power of the sword from the Great Cosmos-severing Spear also played a role.

[Shaaahk!]

[Double Kill!] (Mystic)

“Shut up!”

The moment Yu IlHan disarmed the two 5th class monsters, The Flying fortress, that defeated all the aerial monsters, shot out a beam at a suitable time to penetrate both the heart of the leopard and the mantis’ back. This was a fantastical combo that was otherwise impossible if it wasn’t in sync with Yu IlHan.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned experience.]

[Hhup.]

The only remaining problem was the humanoid monster that appeared suddenly after being concealed all this time, at the moment Yu IlHan showed an opening after killing the two 5th class monsters!

[I aimed for this moment!]

[I also aimed for this moment!] (Orochi)

However, immediately after it assaulted towards Yu IlHan’s back, a pile bunker appeared from Yu IlHan’s back and struck its torso.

[Kergh!?]

[Fire!]

When the Eternal Flame pulled the trigger by burning at Orochi’s signal, the magic gunpowder received the shock and amplified it by hundreds of times, at the same time the pile driver made of dragon bones shot out with a boom and perforated a huge hole in the torso. A combo play from Orochi and Eternal Flame.

[Kahak! You…… even noticed me!?]

The pile bunker which Yu IlHan poured his blood and sweat into, and was enhanced due to the effects of the Infernal dragon body, was the perfect weapon to leave to Orochi and Eternal Flame, as it could be used at maximum power just by quickly striking and triggering. In fact, even right now, a 5th class enemy was pierced and temporarily had its movements sealed!

It was truly shocking that the bones and flesh were regenerating and were pushing out the pile driver immediately after the strike, but being a higher existence still took time to completely escape the shock.

And that amount of time was like eternity to Yu IlHan.

“Boasting about your concealment in front of me, that’s like discussing eating alone in front of a master tier loner.”

[Aren’t those two the same thing?]

“Shaddap.”

Yu IlHan generated a shockwave with Ruin Calling and spun his body around with it. On the tip of the Eight-tailed dragon spear in his hands was a vicious flame that was surprisingly half-translucent.

[Kihik……!]

“Hah!”

The moment it tried to move, he bisected it with a shout and his spear. The beam from the Flying fortress and the ballista ammo that Orochi used with the Infernal dragon body also hit him.

Three on one would have been impossible, but there was no way it could endure all the bombardment alone! It was instantly obliterated without being able to leave any words behind. This was 17 minutes into the battle.

[You have earned experience.]

“Fuu.”

Yu IlHan took away his spear and landed on the ground. Following him, the bisected 5th class corpse also thudded on the ground. When he turned around while collecting the corpse, the chaotic mana in the surroundings calmed down and silence enveloped the battlefield.

[Kihih……]

[Kuh, kkgggk!]

[Fail, failed.]

[Can’t run, can’t run!]

There were still tens of 4th classes and thousands of 3rd classes on the battlefield, but they despaired without even thinking of running away as Yu IlHan had instantly finished three 5th class beings. And that was their last moments.

“Mystic, finish up.”

[Roger that.]

Mystic seemed to like the military-themed stuff nowadays as she was very fast in replying. Immediately after that, the Flying fortress that recovered enough energy seemed to lower in altitude before cleaning up all the monsters with relentless bombardment.

Yu IlHan leisurely strolled around in their midst and collected their corpses and magic stones after killing the surviving ones.

[Situation terminated!]

Declared Mystic. She said that after emitting mana around the flying fortress to confirm that there were no monsters near Yu IlHan. At least in the future, no 5th class beings will spawn in this area.

“Uu, so tired.”

Yu IlHan finally relaxed the tension in his shoulders after hearing her report. Although he seemed to overwhelm the enemies in the battle, it would be a lie to say he wasn’t nervous against three 5th class monsters.

[IlHan, are you alright?]

“Yeah, I’m fine. No problem.”

The worried Liera touched all over his body, but Yu IlHan made her step back with just those words. A short but tenacious fight was truly the battles that made his body breathe in life, and make it advance.

In fact, his physical body was in maximum activity right now. The Superhuman strength and Transcendent regeneration that was at the level of mastery was in effect at the same time to bring out the best of each other. Like this, his spines will reattach if it was cut, and his brain would regenerate as soon as it got pierced. He couldn’t be considered human anymore.

However, only after that did his body gain some pressure. He breathed slowly to relax his tensed muscles. Liera hugged him from the back and made him more comfortable.

“Fuu……three at once is mentally exhausting, indeed.”

[And the planet almost twisted up trying to generate a single one a few months ago.]

One was nothing, then two appeared, and now there was three. Hearing Yu IlHan and Mystic’s grumbles, Liera replied with a sigh.

[That’s because the energy of Earth is increasing. I’m sure the 4th Great Cataclysm isn’t far away.]

And once the 4th Great Cataclysm occurs, the Earth will definitely be reborn into a higher world. And one that stamps out higher existences naturally, a horrifying world….

Yu IlHan felt a sense of distance while rolling around the word ‘higher world’ in his mouth. Right now, he was having a hard time taking care of Earth alone, but if those nosy little losers from Heaven’s Army, Army of Brilliant Light and Destruction Demon Army, he only found the future to be bleak.

“Oh yeah, what do those guys from the Garden of Sunset do? I didn’t see them after the Dareu incident.”

[I think that they are focusing more on Dareu than Earth. Perhaps they might help you fight against the Destruction Demon Army. They could be considered the only decent faction excluding Heaven’s Army.]

“Erta seemed to hate them to the bones though?”

[That’s because they were the first faction that contacted her, and Erta was about to be deceived by them.]

“So there was such a connection.”

[The leader there likes women. There was a time he even watched over Erta.]

Yu IlHan accepted. Erta was indeed beautiful. However, at the same time, she felt like she was billions of light years away from love. She probably wanted to become stronger as a higher existence, and naturally, hate the offer from the Garden of Sunset.

It wasn’t only the Garden of Sunset that liked women. The Destruction Demon Army as well as the Army of Brilliant Light also moved numerous worlds in order to acquire Na YuNa. Perhaps they still haven’t given up yet. With all the higher existence factions scheming against a single woman… there was no better trash than them.

“Perhaps the reason the Heaven’s Army has a lot of women is also because……”

[We don’t! It’s just that there are a lot of females among the ones that met you!]

Liera immediately interjected Yu IlHan’s words just in case Yu IlHan became suspicious. In fact, she had an insignificant time with love compared to the long time she lived. Moreover, wasn’t she all for Yu IlHan right now? She would cry her eyes out if Yu IlHan became suspicious of her.

“I wasn’t saying anything about you though.”

[Idiot.]

“So unfair……”

It was only a moment that he joked around with Liera. After judging that all his muscles were relaxed, Yu IlHan finally started to clean up the battlefield.

There was no need for him to collect the 3rd class monsters and he destroyed them thoroughly to return them back to the earth. Earth would grow faster this way. It was a tragedy that Yu IlHan had to make Earth into a higher world despite fearing it.

The majority of the monsters were taken care of by Mystic anyway, unless a 5th class appeared, so what he had to do was to resupply the weapons and artifacts using the materials. 3 years passed like that, so an enormous amount of equipment was piled up in Yu IlHan’s inventory, inside the various parts of the Flying fortress and absorbed by the Infernal dragon body.

“So it’s 5th class now.”

Magic stone, please magic stone. Yu IlHan prayed desperately and started dismantling the three 5th class beings.

In the past few months, Yu IlHan had acquired a single magic stone from the ones that occasionally appeared. Of course, he left that for his 4th class advancement. He was about to be fed up from waiting for the blessing of the goddess of fire, but he still could not give up.

“Huh?”

He was met with blanks for two of the 5th classes, and when he was digging into the perforated head of the last one, the leopard, he discovered a colorless translucent lump of stone and subconsciously voiced out.

“A 5th class magic stone……”

[Really!?]

[Gimme! Enhance the fortress!]

[It should of course be the Infernal dragon body that has to be enhanced. Did you not just see that I killed a higher existence just now?]

[The flying fortress can also do that once I get enhanced!]

“Shut up. Anyone that moves is the culprit.”

Yu IlHan silenced everyone down with those words before cautiously looking around the surroundings and built a physical barrier by installing ballistas and traps, and only after did he raise his five senses to the limits did he put his hand into the head and take out the magic stone.

[Wow.]

Their timezone was currently in the mornings right now. The magic stone that took in sunlight and created a rainbow inside. Looking at that, everyone exclaimed.

“Fuu.”

[So beautiful……]

[Wow, it’s so beautiful that it’s a waste to use it.]

[Isn’t the mana inside more important than the appearance?]

Yu IlHan took out the magic stone he had acquired before and compared them. He definitely did feel that they were different. The previous one also glowed in a beautiful light blue, but it was incomparable to the one he had just acquired. Perhaps it was his mistake, but he felt like the mana quantity inside also differed.

“Good.”

He put the translucent magic stone inside the inventory. He felt like he should use that magic stone for his 4th class advancement.

“Let’s use this.”

[Use? Where?]

[My enhancement?]

[Probably the Infernal dragon body.]

“Nope, all wrong.”

Yu IlHan snorted and closed his eyes.

“I’m going to evolve the Language skill.”

[Watching the evolution criteria for the evolution of the skill, Language.]

[3rd class magic stones 3,924,498/1,000]

[4th class magic stones 653,056/100]

[5th class magic stone 2/1]

[Record of Worlds 109/100]

[The Language skill may evolve. Proceed?]

How much suffering did he have to go through to evolve this skill? Just as when he thought he acquired a 5th class magic stone, he had to keep it for this 4th class, and in fact, he used that one to create an armor to survive, and he acquired another one, but he had to leave it behind for the 4th class advancement!

And finally, he acquired an additional one, and was now able to evolve the skill!

[Let’s wipe your tears first.]

“I, I’m not crying!”

Thinking back to his suffering, he felt his nose tinge. Calming down, Yu IlHan accepted the Akashic Record’s question with a nod.

“Yes, I’ll proceed.”

With his acceptance, brilliant five-colored mana covered his body. An overwhelming mana and the skills he had developed until now, as well as the records he had piled up were now in a process of becoming one! Yu IlHan let go of his consciousness due to the fantastical feelings that the skill sublimation gave him.

[Die!] (?????????)

“Kergh!?”

And that, was the perfect opening that a certain someone had been waiting for all this time.



Chapter 211

The strike from the shadow that shot up from the ground unbeknownst to anyone pierced Yu IlHan’s abdomen. THe blade sharpened over many years found its vengeance target.

Its concealment was at the least, at the level of mastery, or perhaps an advanced skill. Although less than Yu IlHan, it was at least enough to deal Yu IlHan a pre-emptive strike!

However.

[A perfect surprise attack, but the ability of of the title ‘Untouchable’ activates and cancels the critical hit.]

However, the fact that Yu IlHan had acquired the title ‘Untouchable’ came into play here. The surprise attack that should have taken his life was nullified.

Of course, even after considering that, the power behind the surprise attack was shocking, and Yu IlHan got a huge hole on his stomach before falling onto his knees.

“Kugh, Kergh.”

[IlHan! I, IlHan!?]

[Tch.]

The problem was that his movements were restricted in class advancements or skill evolution processes. This situation belonged to the latter, with the Language skill.

Yu IlHan acknowledged that he was careless due to having become excited from acquiring a 5th class magic stone. Of course, not that it would change anything against such an overwhelming opponent even if he wasn’t careless! As proof, all the traps he had installed were rendered useless!

[Ugh……!]

The being behind the surprise attack had shown up. And surprisingly, the figure was not very large, a little taller than Yu IlHan or at the same height.

Despite the fact that ‘it’ was in that space, it had no ‘form’ to speak of, and was a figure that was like trembling shadow, and only the mana swirling around the body made him estimate the overwhelming amount of mana it had. That wasn’t the problem though.

[How can the mana be so……. it’s completely same to that of Earth’s!] (Liera)

[eeek!] (Mystic)

Mystic, about to lose her master, lowered the altitude and shot beams like hell. However, it dodged every one of those beams with body movements. This wouldn’t be possible even if it was Yu IlHan amidst the barrage!

Just the fact that the beams from Hundred Eyes would deal a significant damage, and so it had to dodge every single attack, and couldn’t approach Yu IlHan, was of help right now.

[You always bullied us.]

Every word it spoke while dodging the beams, became a curse and struck Yu IlHan. That which contained a frightening poison was fatal enough to threaten Yu IlHan’s life had he not mastered Higher curse resistance and Extreme poison resistance.

“Kergh.”

[IlHan, dodge! I said move, eeek!]

“Liera……! If you move, proactively……”

Every one of its actions and words became skills. If the 5th class Yu IlHan had faced on Earth until now were just insanely strong 4th class beings, the one in front of him right now wasliterally ‘on a different dimension’. It had a completely different level of record, and was on a different concept of being ‘life’.

[eeek!]

Liera, who realized that Yu IlHan was unable to move, hugged Yu IlHan and flew backwards. Just that was enough to pressure her body. However, she did not stop despite knowing that. Looking at the two, ‘that guy’ did not stop his curses.

[I tried to chase you out but I couldn’t. It was so annoying!]

“You…… experienced……. ‘the’ millennium, didn’t you?”

Yu IlHan, who still couldn’t move freely due to the evolution process of the Language skill, barely moved his mouth to reply. It did not say anything, but Yu IlHan knew that it was its way of acknowledgement.

“You knew me from a thousand years ago.”

[There is no life form that does not know you on Earth.]

Its reply made Yu IlHan smile even as the pain from his wound flared up. He just found it funny. He only struggled to prepare against the future in those thousand years, but turns out all the life forms left behind along with him were all watching him. What else was funny if this wasn’t?

[You were infinitely egotistical. Everyone wanted to live, but you only lived alone using all of them as footholds.]

“Yes, I did.”

[The Earth resents you. We all resent you.]

Yu IlHan remembered that the mutant monsters that rampaged around during the initial stages of the Great Cataclysm, had drastically decreased once.

What happened to the life forms that acquired vast records from enduring the thousand years like Yu IlHan? The question he couldn’t think of until now due to everything that happened, filled his mind.

The hell dungeon. Can such a horrifying space be born without any reason? In the thousand years, Yu IlHan acknowledged the records that one individual cannot possibly achieve by the Akashic Record only, but is Yu IlHan the only being that was acknowledged of those records?

“I was alone from the beginning. So…..I couldn’t think about the others.”

Yes, that was the mistake. This damned loner thought-process was grabbing onto his ankle and holding him back until the very end.

[Haa.]

Hearing that, ‘that guy’ spat out curses again using its non-solid mouth. Even right now, beams were shooting down like rain, but not one hit its body.

[Selfish humans. We really hate you.]

“Fuu…… That’s nothing new.”

Yu IlHan wasn’t suddenly going to say “all the animals on Earth are as important as humans! Let’s protect the antarctic penguins” or something like that.

Everything he did on Earth was for his survival, and even though the poison that had piled up until now was at the point of attacking him, he did not regret that. He only found his mistakes unfortunate.

[I will kill you. Humans aren’t needed in the new world.]

“A new world…… I want to ask something about that.”

A keyword that tugged his mind popped up, and made Yu IlHan open his mouth again. It was an attempt to create an opening for Mystic to hit, but it was showing movements of dodging all the beams even while reacting to his words.

“Do you know the whereabouts of the children that were born after the Great Cataclysm?”

[Dungeon.]

And for some reason, it replied in kind.

[The dungeon full of our resentment. The dungeon you mercilessly trampled on. The dungeon where only mutant life forms and greed remains. Everyone came inside there. We did not do it. It was the Earth’s choice.]

“Hah.”

He finally got the answer he had been looking for for 3 years. He wished that it wasn’t true, but he did expect this to be the case.

So it was like that after all. There was no way Yumir will be able to grow so rapidly unless it was on the same level of that dungeon. However, that meant that, all the children born after the First Great Cataclysm were sucked into that place and…..

“Ha, …….Haha.”

He subconsciously laughed in vain. Rage boiled inside his chest. The innocent life that disappeared while knowing nothing. Thinking back to the uncountable number of children, even Yu IlHan couldn’t help but be enraged.

However, it replied very firmly, its voice containing countless emotions.

[It should be the same to you humans. Everyone kills something else in order to survive. I also did just that. This is not a game. This is a competition for survival. We are the same as you. We will kill you in order to survive.]

“Heh, you really pick the worst words……”

[I, will kill you.]

From some time, a spear appeared on the shadow hands. That looked very similar to the Eight-tailed dragon spear that Yu IlHan used. No, in fact, its movements as well looked similar to Yu IlHan’s, just a lot faster.

Thinking about it, it was quite natural, as this was a being that had watched Yu IlHan for a thousand years, and more after the Great Cataclysm.

However, Yu IlHan still could not move. It was because the evolution of the Language skill was of an unprecedentedly large scale that required a vast amount of records.

He couldn’t help but exclaim at the fact that a person can become so helpless, but no matter how much he struggled, he could not move a single toe. He could only blink and move his lips. This was just like being a complete cripple!

[Eeek! eeek!] (Mystic)

The reason Yu IlHan could still live until now was thanks to the beams from the Flying fortress. Mystic’s judgement was very clever. She realized that time was the most important thing to Yu IlHan right now, and was trying to gain some using whatever means possible.

[Die! Die!] (Mystic)

[That won’t work, traitor.]

Of course, that did not last forever. There was a limit to the stored energy and magic stone on the Flying fortress, and shooting beams like mad in order to prevent the shadow from moving forward, it was very quickly nearing those limits. Yu IlHan estimated that the beams wouldn’t last until he was ready.

He had faced against a few 5th class beings. He killed more than ten himself. Despite that, the guy in front of him was on a completely different league. There was no way Yu IlHan didn’t’ know what that implied.

That guy, was of the 6th class. On one side was a 3rd class despite not lacking talent or effort, and on the other side was a 6th.

This was the difference between a monster and a human; between a human that can only gain experience by killing monsters, and a monster that could grow endlessly without harming other beings by acquiring mana and records!

[We are a collection of consciousnesses. No matter how fast you’ve grown…… you cannot win against us.]

“Even if you…… say stuff like you’re the last boss…… I’m only, fuu, very annoyed you know?”

A mere 6th class was acting so bossy. Those kind guys always defeated in the most absurd way possible! However, unfortunately, Yu IlHan’s preparations weren’t done yet. If he just got his 4th class, or if he just got the blessing of the goddess of fire! Or just, if he could move right now!

However, there was one being, a person, that could still fight right now, excluding him.

[Fuu, really, nothing goes outside expectations.]

Liera’s wings flapped. Her body was covered in light pink, and the symbol of the blessing of the goddess of love, the spear, was in her hands.

That spear was one that became stronger when protecting the person that one loved. In other words, for this moment.

“No.”

Yu IlHan was disgusted at himself. Even though he was saying ‘no’ on the outside, he ended up thinking that it had gone according to his calculations. He was disgusted of himself because of his thoughts.

Just from when did he rely on the sacrifice of others? When was it that he confidently boasted that he could take care of everything by himself? Did he train until now for this? Even though he was about to lose Liera that was the most important existence to him?

[What do you mean no? That’s why you’re no good, IlHan.]

However, Liera replied shyly as if she had read his mind. Unlike the warmth in her smile, she was in complete battle mode right now. The overwhelming quantity of mana emitted by her, and the aura trained over countless years, was stopping the shadow from moving.

[You need to learn to rely on others more.]

“I can’t cause such nuisance to others.”

[It’s not a nuisance. That’s what I want.]

“Even if you do, you……”

[Why don’t you get it, IlHan?]

Liera’s firm words struck Yu IlHan deeply in the heart.

[Like that, you’ll forever be alone. There’s no way my feelings will get to you.]

“What…..?”

[……Nothing.]

Liera turned back. Her movements were nothing short of throwing away her life, but it was actually to hide her blushed cheeks.

[Yes, there was you. There was also you. The one that was always with the human. In front of us. Again and again!]

[I’m saying something important so don’t interrupt.]

When two 6th class auras clashed on the ground, the land that could not endure the shock was flipped over as the skies trembled before their might. The shock could also be felt at where Yu IlHan was. So such a manga-esque scene is possible… – in his absent-minded thoughts, such useless thoughts floated around.

[Listen well, IlHan. I won’t tell you twice because it’s embarrassing.]

And to his absent-minded thoughts, Liera’s voice leaked in.

[…..I love you, IlHan. Me, to you. More than anyone.]

[KUaaahk!]

Finishing her words, Liera charged in without waiting for Yu IlHan’s reply. The shadow also realized that it had to trample Liera first in order to kill Yu IlHan, and it charged at her as well.

[Huoooh!]

[Die!]

From the moment Liera used her powers for anyone than herself, the feathers on her wings were being pulled out one by one, and at the same time, the power of a higher existence left her body, and a brilliant white-colored blood splattered from her wing bones. The white feathers and drops of blood made it look as if it was snowing in the night sky.

Despite that, she did not stop. The light growing from the pink spear protected her and her objective.

[O, god of love!]

The woman who abandoned heaven and returned to being a lower existence, shouted courageously as she struck with her spear.

[Please give me the power to protect the one I love!]

And the moment the two charged, Liera made a hole in the shadow even while vomiting out blood.

[The skill, Language, evolved into the skill, record! You are now able to translate everything you see, hear, and feel into the language of the Akashic Record and record them. Once recorded, everything remains as a record belonging to yourself.]

[All skill growth rates increase by two.]

[All experience and the quantity of record acquired from monsters increase by two.]

[Attack power and critical hit rate increases by 30% when facing against a foe that you’ve experienced and recorded before.]

The skill evolution ended, and at the same time.

[You have mastered the skill, Blaze. You become the lord of fire.]

[You have acquired the blessing of the goddess of fire. Fire attribute resistance and attack power increases by 50%. Flames can no longer harm you. Flames wielded by the enemy can lose their controls to you and you will become able to wield them. The leagues of all skills that use fire increase by one level.]

[You can proceed to 4th class.]

Yu IlHan’s eyes glistened.



Chapter 212

[Kuu, Kuhaaah!]

Liera faced it with something like a shout or a groan. Throughout its lifespan, the records and the collection of consciousness that it had gathered was not small in the least] but Liera was someone that had trained for much, much longer than that! It was natural that her spear would overwhelmed her opponent’s.

[Die!]

[I won’t let you kill….. IlHan!]

There were already countless holes on its abdomen. A fluid shadow – one that made people wonder if it was even possible to injure such a body, was pierced by a high-density mana that caused irreversible scars!

Not only that, even now, endless new injuries were constantly being inflicted. Seeing as Liera didn’t allow a single hit on herself, it was clear who held the advantage here.

[Foolish…… being!]

[Foolish? Don’t kid with me!]

However, Liera had a problem, in that her belief that she was moving in order to protect Yu IlHan was poisoning her very existence.

As her feathers were seemingly pulled out, the blood of a higher existence within her flowed in reverse, her bones began cracking, her flesh crumpled and rotted, muscles began dying, and her skin dried out. Her brilliant beauty that made people question who would be able to win against her, was now melting down at frightening speeds, giving her an unsightly appearance.

[Why…….for that kind of thing? There’s no one like him that acts only for himself!]

[That’s why you monsters are no good. What you’re imitating is only IlHan’s outer appearance. That’s why you’re so…… weak!]

Liera’s spear finally blew away the shadow’s spear. Of course, that was merely a portion of the shadow, so it would soon regenerate from the body, but what Liera was aiming for was the moment the spear was regenerating!

[Huggaaahp!]

She retracted her spear as soon as she swung it and pierced it forward. She was trying to subjugate it somehow before her power as a higher existence came to an end!

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Kuhaaahk!]

The violent tip of her spear exploded inside its body. As unerasable, irrecoverable, permanent injuries were being inflicted on its body, the shadow realized.

[You are not trying to kill me. You……]

[Hhhhp!]

And that moment of realization, Liera was able to take advantage of that, which allowed for another attack that dealt significant damage due to its confusion. Despite that, it still managed to say the rest of the words.

[You’re trying to let him kill me…..?]

[What good would come out of me killing you?]

I will lose all my powers and die soon – Liera swallowed those words. Yu IlHan would get angry if he heard those words.

But really, there was no meaning for her to gain the records and experience from a 6th class being when she was going to die soon. She was planning to subjugate it using all her powers, and let Yu IlHan decorate its final moments after he was done with the skill evolution.

Truly sacrificial, but that was the final gift that Liera could leave behind for Yu IlHan. It would make Yu IlHan’s soul grow, and make him stronger. It would help him survive in the cruel environment in the future!

[Humans…….I cannot understand them.]

[I never expected you to!]

It swung the recreated spear. It was extremely difficult for Liera to dodge its attacks now that she had begun to lose her powers as a 6th class. She did not dodge the spears, and chose to inflict deeper wounds on the shadow while receiving wounds herself in exchange.

[Critical HIt!]

[Kuuugh!]

Its spear broke apart the helmet Yu IlHan made as if it was nothing, and ripped apart her facial skin that was stiff like wood, and made Liera’s face more unsightly to look at. However, Liera did not stop and pierced another big hole on its shoulder.

[I need to! Kill that human!]

[I said I won’t…….let youuu!]

The power of waves Liera possessed burst out. This was a power solely acquired by her efforts and talent! The endless power of waves gathered, amplified, and exploded inside the shadow. The physical body of a faraway 6th class realm was collapsing by the moment.

Liera was considered very strong being even amongst the level of 6th class. More so than her trainer, Spiera, and more so than anyone than Heaven’s Army, Destruction Demon Army or anyone!

[Kergh.]

However, that was her limit. Liera had to kneel one step short of completely subjugating it. No, it could be said she was already extremely courageous to have held out until now.

[Foolish…… woman!]

Her face had already been crumpled to the point that her facial features, other than her glistening red eyes, couldn’t be differentiated any more. The blessing of the god of love tried to cling onto her life, but it did not allow her to move.

Take a step forward, and her heart would stop beating. Her legs would be pulled out, arms severed, and her brain would burst. Despite that, she wanted to take that step, but the blessing that judged that she had to cling onto her life in order to fulfill that love, did not allow her.

[You failed.]

The shadow that was in a bad state not that far from herself, laughed at her for burning everything that she had.

[I will survive. I will kill him. Your puny will, lost to that of Earth.]

[Shut, up…..!]

Its body was becoming fainter. How many holes did it have on its body? How about the insides that were thoroughly destroyed? It also had a hard time moving. It would die while trying to kill Yu IlHan.

So, it would retreat. It still had plenty of time. Recovering while waiting for Liera to slowly die, and ambush Yu IlHan again.

He, could not surpass it. The execution of justified rage will definitely be carried out. The superhuman will polished over many years, just for that alone, made it endure and retreat.

“Hey.”

Correction, it could not retreat.

“Who says you can run away?”

A voice neither loud, nor low, resounded in that space. It, focused on the battle with Liera, finally managed to lift its head up after the voice, and finally noticed the changes in its surroundings.

[This, is…….?]

Fire was burning around it. A half-translucent, half-white flame that should not exist. That, which enveloped this giant space, burned while giving off a frightening curse and poison to prevent anyone from escaping.

[How……?]

“Your concealment is already undone.”

Yu IlHan laughed with his eyes viciously open. His eyes were now burning in a red color deeper than that of Liera’s. The traces of the blessing of the goddess of fire; a proof that he had taken a leap forward as a being.

“And you thought you can conceal yourself again in front of me?”

Yu IlHan’s whole body, wearing the Infernal dragon body, twitched with puffed muscles as if his body was about to burst. It was a temporary phenomenon while the mastered Superhuman strength was being evolved into a unique skill by being fused with another.

[You!]

“Don’t you think I took too long for a skill evolution?”

[But even so, in such a short time…..!]

“Yes. I became 4th class. Thanks for the lukewarm reaction. How can you be so same from appearance to ‘retirement’? Even fallen angels do better than you.”

Yu IlHan’s laugh was extremely dark and thick. It was a smile of the leisurely victor, and at the same time, one that belonged to an extremely enraged person.

Having watched him from before, it knew what his smile implied. It tried to move its body, but it couldn’t. The world did not allow it to.

[How…..!]

“This space solely belongs to me right now.”

Yu IlHan picked up his spear. The translucent white flame that formed the area swirled around his spear to enhance and enlarge it. The overwhelming fire attribute attack and the mastered power of Blaze, and finally, the blessing of the goddess of fire had stacked to create a power that was beyond reason.

Was this a power that was allowed to a lower existence? This was nothing new. Yu IlHan no longer put himself in such a set cast.

[I……!]

“Checkmate.”

A chain of white flames sprouted from the ground with metallic sounds and bound it. At full power, it would be able to run away while resisting it, but when it was currently injured by Liera, and was having a hard time moving, it was impossible.

[Kugh, Kehagh! Kuuugh!]

“There may be an entrance to hell, but there’s no exit.”

While it twisted its body to resist and attempt to escape, Yu IlHan charged towards it with his spear covered in white flames. The more he neared him, the stronger the flames became. His face containing his solid rage spoke of his will.

“If there is one exit, then it’s that.”

It finally felt death nearing for the first time, that was buried deeply in its mind.

[I, will…….!]

Yu IlHan had no intentions to hear its last words. He had to go and see Liera after finishing it off real quick. It was his most important person. So important, irreplaceable by anyone.

His spear struck, pierced, and decimated the very space in which the shadow had existed. The will that it boasted about so much was incinerated as a whole.

“You just need to die.”

It could not reply anymore. To a being that was completely decimated, no excuses were allowed.

“Fuuu……”

Yu IlHan retracted his spear. The hell that descended upon the land also disappeared without a trace.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 403 Chaos Will.]

On his retina, numerous lines of text appeared, including level ups, but Yu IlHan did not mind them and turned around. He was sure of the death of his enemy.

“Liera!”

[Il, Han…….]

He ran while shouting the name of the angel that he loved. Collapsed on the ground, she was twitching, but hadn’t died yet. And he, was thankful for that fact more than anything.

[I……. answer……]

“I’ll give you the answer you want so much so wait a moment first.”

Yu IlHan, who knelt down by Liera’s side smiled brightly as if the frightening expression he had until just now was from a different person. Although his eyes were full of tears, Liera wouldn’t know that so it was fine.

[But, now……]

“You really learned the wrong stuff from dramas. Sheesh, TV ruins everyone alright.”

He cut his wrist to let out blood. When he let the blood drip onto the armor Liera was wearing, the armor emitted bright light and started melting down. Liera also felt that.

[…….Huh?]

Liera’s voice turned a little clear. Facing her, Yu IlHan clicked his tongue.

“Nowadays, you only get to eat hate comments and death threat emails by the bucket if you retire a character like that.”

The only man who takes records and goes against the world – he, spoke something so foolish as if proud of it.

“I’m going to proceed while taking everything. I’m not letting go of anything.”

[IlHan…..?]

“So get ready for it. For your whole life.”

Hearing that, Liera’s two eyes abruptly opened. She could see Yu IlHan’s face covered in tears, but decided to shut her mouth in order to protect his pride as a man.

The rebirth began.



Chapter 213

He began with her legs..

[Uuu.]

“Bear with it even if its hurts.”

[Ok…..]

Her legs were in very serious state. Her flesh had been crumbled, muscles torn, bones twisted and broken and even her bone marrow was flowing out. The damage made him wonder how she was even alive, and made Yu IlHan’s heart ache. He couldn’t even imagine how much pain Liera herself was undergoing.

However, when the armor melted into the legs, the bones became sturdier and healed as if time was flowing in reverse, new muscles sprouted out and ‘red’ blood flowed above it, flesh covered the gap, and skin grew above that.

[You, this…… how?]

“I thought you might do something so reckless. This equipment wasn’t to strengthen you, but a device to help you recover after storing your records. The fifth option is the nucleus and is the entire meaning of the armor.”

[…….]

Something like that was possible? No, before that, was it so simple to recover a higher existence of 6th class like her? She wanted to ask too many things, but the pain from the recovery shut her mouth.

And that was very wise of her. The technology behind it required Yu IlHan to explain for at least 6 hours, going on about the blacksmithing he had learned as well as magic engineering and other magic languages.

“Strictly speaking, it isn’t returning you to the past state. This is helping you settle as a lower existence after extracting the records of you as a higher existence without much pain, by remembering the structure of your body.”

[You knew…… I would do this?]

“Of course.”

[Then you, knew of my feelings too……]

“No, not that…….”

Yu IlHan shut his mouth about that part. In truth, he was thinking about such a case with a 50% probability. However the cowardly Yu IlHan could not erase the thoughts ‘what if she didn’t?’ from his head.

So, he fooled himself to think that a 6th class angel from Heaven’s Army maybe close to him, but did not have any feelings towards him, and that she was only treating him like a blood-related brother as a big sister.

The matter with Na YuNa added onto that thought. One coincidence does not happen twice, so there was no way Liera would like him. Such a strange thought-process had solidified in his head.

[……Idiot, bad guy.]

“I’m the criminal…..”

Yu IlHan could not raise his head in front of Liera. If he did not realize after all that happened just now, he wasn’t human, but a flea.

Liera perhaps felt that he had realized enough, and laughed even with the suffering. Meanwhile, Yu IlHan’s blood flowed and drenched her armor, and in the process of the armor melting, it was recovering the other parts of her body and not just the legs.

[Did you kill it for good?]

“Yup. I killed it for good and collected the body too.”

[Sheesh, that greed of yours…..]

No matter how much of a bitch that thing was, it was still a 6th class. It would be strange if he didn’t collect it. Yu IlHan was shameless, and Liera smiled bitterly. His unchanging attitude was his drawback, as well his good point. And she liked that side of him as well.

Now,her two legs, knees, and thighs were recovered and her waist was slowly being reconstructed. No in fact, a more fundamental and large change was occurring throughout her body.

The white blood signifying an angel had all left the body, and red blood replaced her blood vessels. The newly made heart accepted the blood and pumped it throughout the body, which then would resonate with Yu IlHan’s blood and support the creation of the new body.

The traces of the light pink armor were all gone as well. Liera touched the glossy skin that was newly growing after her dead skin had peeled off, and felt that her armor was gone.

[Too bad. It was an armor that IlHan made.]

“I’ll make you a better one anytime.”

When the recovery proceeded to a certain point, the blessing of the god of love also chipped in. Going beyond just clinging her to life, it became able to more freely interfere with her body, and started developing the body with the power that could be called the holy power.

Before, the interference was small as she was already a higher existence, but now that she had fallen to a lower existence, the story was different. It was making her suitable for one blessed by the god of love!

In fact, her destroyed older appearance was helping her be born anew. New wine should be poured into new wineskins, perhaps? Although the process was unimaginably painful, the blessing of the god of love and Yu IlHan’s power lead her to a completely new realm.

“Uh…… Ah…..”

From some moment, her voice became different as well. Before, her voice sounded like it was ringing from above no matter how much he faced her up front, but now, her voice sounded like she was really whispering into his ears.

Yu IlHan liked this more, but Liera didn’t seem to be purely happy about it, and became panicky while stroking her neck.

“Wow….. this feeling. It’s been such a long time. I really returned to a lower existence.”

“How do you feel?”

“My body feels uselessly heavy~.”

“And here I just revived you…..”

Well, she fell to 4th class from 6th class, so it would be a lie if she said she only felt happy. She was prepared to throw away everything for Yu IlHan, but facing her 4th class self after everything that happened, she felt very complex. It was understandable. Reality was always different from ideals.

“I’m cold.”

“Want a blanket?”

“No, I want to stay like this for a moment.”

With everything that covered her body, gone, including her armor, she was obviously naked right now. Her body that was torn apart and unsightly to look at during battle, had long since regained its original glossy and elastic appearance.

No, perhaps she looked more attractive than before. Although it was embarrassing to look at that part, Yu IlHan suspected that her chest had become bigger, and in fact, that was true.

This was all the great powers of the god of love. Everything was to receive more love from the person of the opposite sex that she loved! 1

“Fuuu.”

However, her face still had some unpeeled dead skin. When Yu IlHan stroked her cheeks with his hands, the and the dirty debris fell down and glossy, white skin appeared. Yu IlHan made a small smile as he looked at Liera’s clean face.

“There, pretty again. I think you’re more pretty now.”

“Such embarrassing words…”

Liear’s cheeks turned redder than a tomato from the heart-strike, but Yu IlHan still had a leisurely expression.

“Today I’m invincible. I spouted so many embarrassing lines while watching you fight it, while making you recover, and in other situations as well, so nothing would change even if I say one or two more lines. Although, I do have to confidence to roll around in suffering faster than Sonic when the night comes….”

“Fufu…”

Liera never stopped smiling for some reason. For her, she was happy that Yu IlHan was alive, and she was alive as well, facing him right now.

Yu IlHan wanted to enact punishment to her who was smiling without knowing anything, but he decided to withhold it. It was no wonder, since he also like this situation where the two were facing each other.

“And so…..”

It would have been for the best if she just kept smiling, but suddenly, her two red eyes narrowed.

“Your answer?”

“Huh……?”

To think she’d stab from such an angle! A drop of cold sweat ran down Yu IlHan’s back. He thought that he answered enough, but it seems it was his misunderstanding!

“Answers.”

“Uh, like I said I already……”

“I want a proper answer. Properly, definitely, unmistakably, and undeniably! truthfully!”

“……How are you so confident? What if I say no?”

“Fufu.”

Liera made a cute smile that made him want to eat her up, and opened her mouth to say some frightening words.

“Then I will carry things out by force.”

“It’s a rapist! There’s a rapist here!”

“It’s fine, there’s no one other than us here on Earth right now. It’s not a crime if I don’t get found out.”

” ‘I”m here. Me! And forget about being caught, a crime is still a crime!”

It was even scarier since her eyes looked completely serious. Yu IlHan looked down at Liera’s face, when she had grabbed his hands to prevent him from running away, the two of them ended up laughing.

“But…..”

Then he spoke. At that moment, another woman’s face flashed by in his mind, but the feelings towards that person were insignificant compared to his feelings towards Liera.

“I’m glad, that you don’t have to commit a crime.”

“……Huh?”

The millennium that went further than just making them familiar with each other, where they shared everything and started to understand other deeply; as well as a few years they endured together while believing in each other even while the surrounding situation was hectic.

Now, there was an emotion in the realm that was way beyond just shallow emotions like novelty, pettiness, boredom, and familiarity that linked him with LIera.

“I also like you very much. So……. I ..love ..you.”

Born coward, stupid, shy, and idiotic, Yu IlHan couldn’t do something like approaching her first…… but if Liera was looking at him, he thought that he had to do his best to face her head on.

He couldn’t run away at this point.

“…….”

But now that he actually found the courage to confess, he could not hear a reply. It was no wonder since Liera didn’t know how to act after hearing Yu IlHan’s direct confession.

Her current feelings were similar to an ordinary salary woman who bought a lottery ticket while wishing to become 1st, but still thought that she had no chance, and actually won the jackpot.

“Huguuu.”

She twisted her body, trying to hide her face, but the hands that she had grabbed before became her own drawback and she couldn’t turn around.

“Hiuugh.”

“Please say something I can understand.”

“I feel like dying because of embarrassment and happiness.”

“I just revived you so don’t go dying again sheesh. Moreover, who was it that wanted me to say it?”

“I didn’t know you’d be so direct!”

He did think that the him of today was invincible, but people really shouldn’t do what they’re not used to. Yu IlHan also found it unbelievably embarrassing. He wanted to roll on the ground right now. However, Liera didn’t let his hands go even while being embarrassed, so he couldn’t do anything about it.

[Go on, kiss.]

Someone urged them on in that predicament. Lifting their heads, the Flying fortress was flying above their heads.

“What do you mean a kiss…..”

[It’s a scene suited to this situation!]

Mystic’s voice sounded very pouty, and it looked like she didn’t like the fact that she had to just watch without being able to do anything. No, perhaps she was just annoyed while watching Yu IlHan and Liera filming a romance drama.

[Go on and kiss her, master. Or else I’ll just drop the flying fortress on you!]

“How dare you tease me when you don’t even have a body.”

[And just because of WHO was it? Huh!]

He ignored Mystic. Then, looking down at Liera twisting her body in embarrassment, he resolved himself with a short deep breath.

“Yes, I can’t stay passive forever.”

[Huh? Huuuh?]

Catching that muttering, Mystic’s voice became higher. However, Yu IlHan took the next step without hesitation. He grabbed Liera’s hand strongly with one hand, and grabbed her chin with the other, and lowered his head to…

“I, IlHan?”

“Shh.”

Liera, who never imagined that the other side would approach first, was surprise lip-attacked by him. With that, Liera couldn’t say anything anymore.

[……Ah, goddammit. It’s so annoying.]

[I shouldn’t have said to kiss!] – Mystic, who was flirted right in front of, made the Flying fortress go berserk and break-dance in the air. Meanwhile, Orochi, who, likewise, watched everything that played out, quietly muttered inside the Infernal dragon body.

[This is going to be quite a sight alright.] (Orochi)

And as such the two of them lived happily ever after, occasionally having to endure the teasing from the flying fortress, but still, happily ever after.



Chapter 214

After the situation was completely cleaned up, Yu IlHan and Liera first returned to the Flying fortress. Mystic was still slightly annoyed, but he ignored her.

But when he was coming back with Liera in his arms, Yu IlHan thought up of one thing; that Liera was not ‘Liera’ anymore.

“Then what do I call you now?”

“It doesn’t matter what you call me. In fact, I’d like any name if it’s from you.”

Whatever he asked now, he would get an answer like this. Yu IlHan asked with a bitter smile.

“The name you used when you were human…… wait, you were human, right?”

“Yeah, although there are quite a few angels who weren’t human before, I was a human. But, hmm.”

She decided to be honest.

“I don’t remember my name from back when I was still a human. So isn’t my current name fine? Or should I go back to Lita?”

“No, I don’t think there’s a need to do that. Let’s just go with Liera.”

“Okay!”

Yu IlHan first pushed Liera into the path as he was afraid of speaking a single word to her due to her emission of near infinite optimism energy.

She had experienced a huge scale healing from her heart to her skin, as she had fallen from 6th class to 4th, there was no way there was no damage to her body. What she needed right now was none other than rest. This was an opinion from the Resting meister Yu IlHan, so it was definitely correct.

“Together!”

“We have a lot of time together. First, relieve your fatigue slowly by yourself.”

“Together~!”

Liera splashed the water and pouted but Yu IlHan ignored her. In fact, his biggest worry right now was that he was unsure what would happen if he approached her now.

“Hiing.”

She pouted both her cheeks but eventually soaked back in the water while staring at him. Her light pink lips, half above the water, spat out insults.

“Stingy, coward, erectile dysfunction……”

“Not the last one!”

Leaving Liera alone, Yu IlHan left and finally calmed down with a deep breath.

“Fuuu.”

There should be a limit to how chaotic the situation is turning out. He was about to faint from headaches. He was surprised that he still held out.

[I was about to die from the cringeyness. You learned all of that from books right? Right?]

[You tried.]

While Mystic was trying to tease him using any means, only Orochi consoled him with a short and stiff voice. Perhaps he understood him because he was male? Yu IlHan laughed and tapped on the Infernal dragon body twice.

In any case, he had calmed down now. He finally felt his heart, that was beating loudly and quickly from the moment Liera went to battle, coming down to the normal rate.

“Well, then.”

It was time to check the records that he didn’t have a chance to look over during the battle, and due to Liera.

The start and the most important point of this change, was the evolution of the Language skill into the Record skill. In fact, it was a skill that was completely different from Yu IlHan’s expectations, and to explain it in short terms, it was a skill that allowed him to understand himself and the world in the viewpoint of the Akashic Record.

If other people understood and acquired a portion of the record by defeating a monster, then he would acquire the whole thing. If others had to train with and use an item for hundreds of days to understand it, then for him, it would be enough with a swing or two.

It was not strange for all his experienced earned, and all his skill proficiency to leap by two times. It was also natural for the critical hit rate to increase against enemies he had fought before.

This skill was just that kind of a skill; since he had learned the language of all the worlds, he was now at the start line of understanding the language of the Akashic Record.

“In other words, it’s OP.”

[It’s OP indeed.] (Orochi)

[It’s so OP.] (Mystic)

Declared Yu IlHan. Orochi and Mystic agreed with him.

This skill was more OP than any one of his skills he had learned and used until now. What was the one most relied-upon target after the Great Cataclysm? Wasn’t it the Akashic Record? Even higher existences were being swung around by this absolute, unchanging law. But he could now understand how it worked!

Would anyone else have learned this skill? Probably, yes. Perhaps the leader of each higher existence factions have learned this skill.

‘And that means they became stronger through this skill.’

He newly felt that he still had a long way to go. No matter how strong he felt he had became, he was still merely 4th class. No matter how much ability he had, he still could not defeat those in the far away realm, at least not yet.

‘Although, I would not need to touch them if they don’t try to kill me……’

Although it was annoying to say, at this rate, he had too high chances of being being involved with them. Yu IlHan inwardly resolved himself. At least he had a good start!

He would keep running forward. Like the elementary school athletic meet marathon that he finished despite no one looking at him. Ah, to think back, his dad was cheering for him!

In any case, his understanding of other skills leaped the moment he acquired he gained the Record skill, and as a result, instantly mastered Blaze. The blessing of the goddess of fire was given to him as if it was waiting for that moment.

The mastery of Blaze enabled him to wield all flames freely, and the blessing of the goddess of fire gave him 50% increase in fire attribute resistance and attack, as well as increasing the league of all his fire-related skills.

It was a ‘hot’ skill alright, as expected of a goddess. Unlike the blessing of the god of smithing, where he only gained a tinge of grey on his hair, this time, his eyes were dyed in red like fire. Of course, only when he was wielding fire using mana.

With both Blaze mastered and received the blessing of the goddess of fire, he was immediately able to proceed to 4th class. So, Yu IlHan had suppressed his heart to go save Liera immediately, and proceed to his 4th class on the spot.

Advancement to Hell Bringer from Blazing Reaper. He thought that it would be an advanced version of his classes until now, but it was a complete mistake. If Blazing Reaper was an assassin with maximized attack, Hell Bringer was an exterminator with assassination skills.

[You have become Hell Bringer. Concealment increases by 50%, and fire attribute resistance and attack power increases by 50%. You are invulnerable to surprise attacks. You are immune to all curses and poison.]

His stat increases from his Blazing Reaper days were: 20% increase in concealment, 20% increase in fire attribute resistance and attack, 40% increase in attack power in surprise attacks, as well as 30% increase in attack power against life forms. Perhaps, it could be said that his abilities were reduced by acquiring the class.

However, to him, 30% additional increase in concealment, his strongest ability, was a bigger plus than him than the surprise attack power. It was also the same with fire attribute resistance and attack power that composed a very large portion of his attacks.

To sum up, it could be said that he had thrown away all the minor supportive stats, and maximized his advantages. Yu IlHan was satisfied with that. He could choose a more variety of battle tactics than before when he had to end all battles with a surprise attack.

Invulnerability to surprise attacks should be from the title ‘Untouchable’, and immunity to curse and poison should be from the two resistance skills. Somehow, he became a monster that could not really be called a ‘lower existence’ any more.

With him acquiring 4th class, all the experience he had gained until now were all calculated as well, and perhaps due to acquiring the whole experience of a 6th class at the last minute, his level had become 270. This was an overwhelming difference to when he had finished his 3rd class advancement!

However, this was acceptable as well, since at that time, he had killed a little more than 1,000 4th class dragons, and a few tens of thousands of 3rd class dragons, but this time, not only had he wiped out all the monsters that appeared on Earth for 3 years, he also killed 5th class monsters and even a 6th class! Moreover, he had killed the 6th class Chaos Will when his Record skill was active, and that overwhelming amount of experience had doubled.

Considering that, it was strange that he wasn’t level 299 immediately, but if he told Erta that, then she would retort that he was a damn thief. Yu IlHan was satisfied with just this much.

There were two other changes, and it was that like the angels had predicted, the skills that required him to master for 4th class – namely, Blaze, Deathgod, Death collector, Soul enchant, Transcendent regeneration, Extreme poison resistance, and Higher curse resistance – had all fused to become the skill, ‘Falling down’.

[You have acquired the skill, Falling down. This skill entraps a certain region of space using Blaze according to level. All enemies drop by a league in this region, and are constantly bound and damaged by flames containing the power of souls, curses, and poison. In this region, the user’s recoverability increases by 500%, and the region’s power increases by 5% whenever an enemy is killed. It will not work against enemies at a realm too high above the user, but that may change according to the skill’s growth. The skill uses 70% of the entire mana pool to activate, and 3% more to maintain each minute.]

Truly a suitable skill to a Hell Bringer that wrought the wrath of hell upon the lands! The point where his recoverability increased the more enemies he killed made Yu IlHan like it more.

This was a skill that was even hard to find among higher existences, not to mention lower ones. Everything that Yu IlHan had gained in his path until now were in this one skill.

And the final one was the fusion skill of Superhuman strength and Critical hit. Although he had vaguely predicted the others, he didn’t have the slightest clue about these two!

In fact, Yu IlHan had almost given up on the fusion evolution of these two skills since he didn’t know the conditions no matter what he did after mastering them, but strangely,the moment he became 4th class, the fusion requirements were enabled. So, he hypothesized that skill evolution didn’t just require understanding of the skills and magic stone, but also the league of the user.

Anyway, the skill he had acquired after fusing those two were very simple.

[You have acquired the skill, God Force. Muscular strength increases by 300% at level 1. It puts an enormous strain on the body, so you may require months of recuperation once used.]

How simple compared to all the incomprehensible and hard to use skills! However, people said the simplest were the most frightening, and the power behind the God Force skill was very frightening indeed.

Muscular strength referred to the strength stat, and an increase of the strength stat by 3 can mean that his level would increase by a certain amount during that time. This was also a skill unsuited to lower existences.

Of course, like the warning on the skill, the penalties were frightening as well. Even though he had the Transcendent regeneration skill, he would have to stay in bed for at least 3 days once he used it.

Although this was plenty absurd since months became 3 days, it could be said that it was very hard to use in real battle.

That is, if he didn’t have the Falling down skill.

Yes. His recoverability increases by 500% within that area, and using Transcendent regeneration inside would allow him to use God Force without any side effects. Skill combo referred to this!

[So OP.]

“It is OP!”

[Are you trying to conquer the Earth alone?]

“Oh, that sounds annoying, so, no.”

Yu IlHan called out his status on this retina and checked it A string of words emitting enormous force could be seen.

[Yu IlHan(Human)]

[Main Class – Hell Bringer Lv270]

[Sub Class – Angel’s Partner, Dragon Rider]

[Title – Pancosmic loner, Untouchable, One hit for him, one hit for you; creator of myths, thousand in one hit, dragon slayer, dragon’s ally, the quickest, hero of fire, the frog that leaped out of the well. blessing of the blacksmith god, blessing of the goddess of fire]

[Strength – 546 Agility – 475 Health – 387 Magic – 554]

[Active skills – Falling Down(Deathgod, Soul enchant, Blaze, Death collector, Transcendent regeneration, Extreme poison resistance, Higher curse resistance Lv7, Mana crafting Lv96, God Force(Superhuman strength, Critical hit) Lv 2, Angel’s support Lv 89, Rule 98, Dragonic Blood Lv84, Warp(Leap) lv 7]

[Passive skills – Angel’s protection, Dragon-man resonance lv 87, Physical combat mastery lv max, Blunt weapon mastery lv max, Sword mastery lv max, Whip mastery lv max, Dismantling lv max, Blacksmithing lv max, Record(language) lv 2, Magic engineering lv 99, Excavation lv 99, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory(spear mastery) lv 94, Absolute accuracy(throwing, shooting) lv 96, cooking lv 97]

“Good.”

Yu IlHan nodded in satisfaction.

“Not long until higher existence.”

[All worlds are going to exclaim at this.]

“I don’t want to hear from you who was born a higher existence.”

To the him right now, the only problem he had was that the mana consumption of the Falling down skill was very high, even though it would be the core of his battles. And about that, he had no choice but to put his effort into increasing the duration somehow. Increasing the skill level would be one method, but……

“That would take a long time, and for now I can……”

Make accessories out of the remains of higher existences to increase the mana efficiency. That was the biggest candidate. No, if this went well, it might as well solve the entire problem.

“I’ll put this to work immediately.”

[Working while leaving behind such a woman who’s all ready. Sheesh, men are always like this. And here you just said all those sweet words just now, hm?]

“Ugh.”

[“It’s fortunate, that you don’t have to commit a crime……!”]

“Ugggaaahk.”

[I, too, love you.]

“Uhaaahk! Kergh!”

That was Yu IlHan’s limit. With the continuous provocation from Mystic, Yu IlHan, who awoke to the embarrassment started rolling around the mansion at speeds that far surpassed sungdaein bolt’s previous records! Mystic, who finally produced the scene she wanted, spoke in a very satisfied voice.

[Master, since you’re rolling, wrap some rags around you and roll around the dirty corridors.]

[Such a cruel building….] (Orochi)

Orochi sympathized with his master, but did not say anymore. He knew of Mystic’s frustration well.

But mid way through his rolling, Yu IlHan abruptly stood up. He felt a giant ripple of mana, and instantly realized what that meant.

“IlHan!”

It seems she had realized as well. Liera left the bath and was running outside.

“The dungeon! That dungeon!”

“I know. the dungeon where Mir and the other children were trapped…..”

How could he not think of this? The master of the dungeon had disappeared, so it was a natural process for the dungeon to disappear!

Mir and the other children would be liberated with this, and not only that, the perverted demons would be put in the same situation! Although it was fortunate that there were no humans on Earth right now, he had to move right now in order to prevent the annoying stuff from occurring later.

“IlHan, let’s go! Let’s go quickly!”

“Yes, we need to hurry! But before that, Liera.”

Yu IlHan spoke in a serious and strict tone.

“Put on some clothes.”

Chapter 215

To the children, the battle with the demons was harsh and cruel. Without Yumir’s support, they would have been wiped out in the first battle. No matter how talented they were, and even though they were newtypes that were over level 100 below 5 years of age, there was an insurmountable wall between them and the demons.

But despite that, they succeeded in coming out victorious in the first battle. It was because Yumir was holding the fort behind them.

“*pant pant*…….”

“Master, did the monster die?”

“Yeah, it died. You got experience, right?”

“Yeah, but……”

“That’s the definite proof. Dad said so.”

Replied Yumir while looking at the demon that did not move anymore. Then, he looked at the army with no casualties in the battle just now.

“Fuu, fuu…..”

“I feel like I’m dying. My legs hurt so much.”

“Hing, my stomach hurts so much.”

The children all collapsed on the ground and panted. Their faces were all thick with fatigue and pain.

However, Yumir thought that this was a big success. Although the casualties would have been massive had he not interfered at the right time, all the members of the army had survived. Everyone had survived and was shared of the demon’s records and experience.

“Did you all level up?”

“Yeah.”

“Although not as much as the hero….. We became a little stronger.”

This was the first time Yumir didn’t deal the final strike on the monster. Although it was a difficult and arduous battle, satisfaction could be seen from the children. Levelling up via direct battle was gave them an incomparable sense of accomplishment compared to eating the monster meat.

“But you need to do better.”

Just as when the children were drunk in battle, blood, victory, and pain, Yumir’s cold voice seeped into their ears.

“You need to survive. To survive without me, you aren’t good enough right now.”

“Where is hero going?”

“I need to be with dad. He will look for me sometime. I’ll strengthen you until that time.”

“We want to follow you!”

The children who were in pain in the ground all jumped up and shouted at once after hearing Yumir’s words. However, Yumir shook his head.

“You’re too weak. No matter how much you train, you’re weak.”

Yumir thought that anyone could become as strong as the four elves under Yu IlHan if they trained for 2 years, but he had placed his expectations too high. Although the growth rates of the newtypes here were very fast, in Yumir’s judgement, even that was too slow.

It was good that they were levelling up fast and were becoming able to use stronger abilities. However, their will to battle was less than their abilities, and decisively, their skill proficiency was lower compared to their level since they were levelling up too fast. The disadvantage was very recognizable to Yu IlHan and the elves who trained for a long time.

“eeek.”

Yumir’s merciless words seemed to have hurt them. In their point of view, they’ve worked to death, but they were still given such a cold judgement! Yumir’s evaluations were not very delicate, and anyone who heard his words, no, anyone at those ages would naturally be stubborn and not accept it.

However.

“We can become stronger!”

“I’ll become stronger and follow the hero!”

“You can’t leave me behind!”

The newtypes were different. All of their standards had become the same as Yumir’s as they had lived the majority of their short lifetimes with him! Of course, the effects of the Rule skill was big as well, but the mental influence on all of them was thanks to Yumir’s ability, personality, as well as the special environment that was here.

“……You want to become stronger?”

“Yeah!”

“Stronger!”

Perhaps the flames of battle hadn’t gone off yet, as many passionate voices could be heard from here and there. Everyone was looking at Yumir. Right now, they looked like they didn’t feel any more pain, and were all looking towards Yumir with resolved eyes.

However, Yumir was at a loss. The reason he took care of these kids was in order to follow his dad who did the same thing, and to enable them to live by themselves. So, it was very unexpected for him that they wanted to go with him.

“Okay.”

However, he would be disqualified as a dragon if he rejected all of them when they wanted to follow him. Yumir nodded as they wished.

Of course, even he didn’t know that the children were still unable to reason rationally, or that they couldn’t part so easily as they were linked by the Rule skill. Yumir was still a kid after all.

“Then it will become even more difficult. We’ll go even faster now.”

“Ok!”

“We’ll try our best, master!”

“Definitely!”

The resolves of the children filled the lands. Yumir stiffly nodded and spoke.

“But don’t die. Dying is a sad thing.”

“Got it!”

Yumir was also satisfied with their loud replies. The army rested for 30 more minutes, and departed after they recovered their full strength.

From the time they went on dungeon hunting for real, the children were not allowed sleep time. All fatigue would be dissolved if they levelled up before they died due to over exhaustion.

Of course, the mental stress would remain, but the members of the army endured all of that with the will and resolve to stay with Yumir. This was a technique that Yu IlHan used frequently in the past, and also something that was experienced in Yumir’s growth process.

How can children who are barely over level 100 undergo some intense training like that? Of course, that was thanks to the enormous experience points given by their enemies, the perverted demons. Under Yumir’s lead, they could easily do anything if they managed to kill those demons in a short time span.

Yumir tested their talents, efforts and tenacity, and the children all followed him even while crying tears of blood. This could be said to be a very cruel training, and it was amazing that there were no dropouts.

When that continued for several months, the lowest levelled children reached level 120, and while the highest one even reached level 144. The perverted demons were in actuality, the perfect present to those able to hunt them!

“I will definitely, definitely go with the hero!”

And just who was the level 144? It was one of the girls that always tried to stick next to Yumir. Rather than royalty, it was more akin to romantic interest, and she had a passionate and direct unrequited love even though she was 5 years old!

“Yeah, you should do. But put in more effort.”

“Okay!”

Of course, Yumir, ignorant to the matters between a man and a woman, only praised and encouraged the child as he thought that she had enough potential and effort, but that ended up pouring oil to the fire. Now, she looked like she would kill every demon in sight.

However, unfortunately for her, and fortunately for Yumir who didn’t want the children to be in danger,

the dungeon was liberated on Earth in exactly 30 minutes.

“Hm.”

Of course, the first one to realize the change was Yumir. It was because the world as a whole where they were, was trembling, and mana was trembling here and there.

“Everyone stop moving.”

The 9,300 children proceeding secretively all stopped on the spot. Yumir gathered them on one spot and changed to dragon form just in case. It was because he was stronger in dragon form than human form.

[No….. wait.]

When he changed into a dragon, his sensitive senses became even more detailed, and he was able to analyze the properties of the trembling mana in detail. And thanks to that, Yumir realized one thing.

[It’s mixing.]

“What’s mixing, master?”

“Hero, how long do we need to stand still?”

The children all called for him, calling him hero or master. However, Yumir was confused at the suddenly changing situation, and was happy, and so was in no state to listen to them.

Yumir eventually dispelled his transformation and turned back into human form. While the children watched him confusion, he looked up to the sky to see that the color of the sky was changing.

No, even the sky was mixing. The red and stuffy sky of hell, and the blue, clear sky of the outside.

“We’re out.”

Whispered Yumir in a small voice. And his voice became louder in an instant.

“We’re out!”

“What’s out, hero?”

“It’s Earth!”

The mana, the sky, the land – everything was mixing with that of Earth! The dungeon’s boundaries were collapsing like it was never there and was being mixed with Earth!

Yumir was sure that it was Yu IlHan that caused this. His dad came looking for him, there was no mistake about it!

And his conviction was answered.

“What’s that?”

“Hero, a huge thing is flying in the sky!”

“Wow, so cool. Look at those mirrors!”

It looked like a castle in the sky. Moreover, there were rotating mirrors that enveloped it as if guarding it, and once in a while, they gathered on one spot to shoot out a strong beam of energy. Every time that happened, he could feel the liberated demons being obliterated.

“What’s that, so scary.”

“Wouldn’t it attack us too?”

“H, hero~.”

The children dispersed from formation in fear in front of the huge power, but Yumir didn’t mind. He knew that the person he was looking for so much was inside that castle!

“Dad!”

Yumir’s shouts filled the sky. Yu IlHan, who was also busy cleaning up the dungeon’s demons now that the dungeon and the Earth became one again, heard the voice and abruptly raised his head.

“Mir!”

At the same time the barrier surrounding the flying fortress was dispelled, Yumir flew into the castle. He quickly caught on to Yu IlHan’s figure and flew and hugged him.

“Dad!”

“Yes, yes.”

“Uwaaan.”

Unbelievable for a commander of an army that wiped out a dungeon for nearly 3 years, Yumir cried very loudly.

Yu IlHan was also very depressed that Yumir had become insanely stronger while he didn’t see him, but seeing him crying in his arms, he didn’t care anymore.

“It was so hard without you until now.”

“I’m sorry, I should have gone to look for you earlier.”

“I became stronger though.”

“Yes, well done. You’ve even got your 4th class.”

“But dad became even stronger.”

“Of course, it’s dad we’re talking about.”

A conversation without context was passing by. However, what was important right now was not the meaning behind those words, but the emotions behind them. That was what was needed right now for the father and son.

[Who’s that? It looks like a mini-master. ……. and he’s exactly my type.]

[Hold it. No one will have feelings towards a building.]

[Same goes to a piece of armor!]

Mystic and Orochi quarreled like usual, but no one minded them. Any BGM would make this scene emotional!

“Dad.”

“Yes, dad is here.”

“Hing, why weren’t you there until now?”

“I’m sorry. I really am.”

Yu IlHan embraced Yumir until Yumir was satisfied, and Liera only watched the scene from the side. Of course, properly clothed.

“Masterrr!”

“What do we do, hero isn’t coming back!”

“Uwaaan!”

It took 5 minutes for them to realize the existence of the dragon army that were absentmindedly looking up at the castle in the sky.



Chapter 216

Yu IlHan let the Dragon’s army children into the Flying fortress. The fact that they were extremely wary against Yu IlHan and Liera were unsuited to their age, but on one hand, they looked quite well-trained as well.

And in fact, they had been trained better than any army in any world.

“……So I made them my underlings.”

“So that was it.”

Yumir talked about everything that happened from the time he was trapped in that dungeon. From how he first discovered the children, and the children’s characteristics of levelling up by eating the meat of those demons, as well as how he raised them after the Rule skill came into effect.

They were absurd stories from beginning to end, but not only would Mir not lie about something like that, there were very little chances of it being a lie as the proof, the children, were here. Yu IlHan turned around to Liera, who was a little unreliable, but the most knowledgeable person present.

“What do you think about this?”

“Although it does not happen often, there are mutations everywhere. The environment of Earth changed too rapidly, did it not? It wouldn’t be too strange even if the children were largely influenced. There is also the possibility of their physical body structures getting changed while they were warped to that hell.”

“Really?”

“Yeah, but at least they are not monsters. They are still pure and naive human children.”

Declared Liera as if she had read his thoughts. He let out a bitter smile and nodded.

“I thought that for merely a moment. Moreover, I also have a means of checking that.”

A single strand of hair was enough to check the army members’ identities. Activating the Record skill and taking a close look at it, he indeed confirmed that they were humans born from two earthlings.

Although that was as he had expected, but the problem was the cause of the change of the children.

“……No way.”

“Why? You can’t understand because the skill level is too low?”

“No, rather, I understood it too well. Though, I’d rather believe that the skill made an error because it’s still low leveled…..”

Liera’s eyes narrowed. Yu IlHan didn’t drag it out anymore and decided to say the truth.

“Chaos Will. It’s that guy.”

“Huh?”

Liera asked back. Not because she didn’t hear it properly, but because she could not believe his words. Yu IlHan knew that but still repeated his words.

“It was Chaos Will, that 6th class. The guy that almost killed both of us. He changed the children’s genetics to become stronger just by breathing, by absorbing mana. Mir only raised their growth speeds.”

“There’s no way that’s true. That guy resented humans.”

There would be no psychopaths who would give a knife to the one he resented to death. Liera’s words sounded very reasonable, but Yu IlHan shook his head.

“I also don’t know what that guy was thinking, but it was indeed that guy. To be exact, it had enhanced the children by using the power of Earth like how it had made 5th class beings. It also shared minute bits of its record….. and although the implementation of power is different, the method is the same so there are no doubts here either.”

“No way.”

At that point, Yu IlHan’s expression turned strange. He thought back to the words it had spat out against himself and Liera, and realized one thing.

“It actually did not deny the competition for survival between humanity and monsters. The only person it truly resented was me.”

“That doesn’t make sense though. IlHan, you only wanted to survive too!”

The Yu IlHan from a thousand years ago was also the same as the other humans, monsters and Chaos Will. He only struggled for survival. So, if Chaos Will wanted to accept humans, then it had to accept Yu IlHan as well. Otherwise, it was self-contradictory, no?

“No, it’s not that. It’s a different sort of problem.”

Liera’s words this time were very reasonable as well, but Yu IlHan, who was sure about his thoughts, retorted to her with a simple explanation.

“In the kingdom of animals, it doesn’t matter if a lion eats a deer, but you would still be enraged if a friend was killed by a lion, no? It should be something along those lines. It had been alive from a thousand years ago, and was perhaps one of the animals that was almost damaged by me! In the end, it turns out to be so simple, no?”

“……Yup, very simple. I don’t want to understand but I still do.”

Yes. The target of its resentment was not against the entire humanity but Yu IlHan alone. That resentment was neither grand nor idealistic. It was a very private thing!

“Then what is it?”

Liera summed up the story with a strange expression.

“So, in the end, only you, IlHan, was its target of elimination, and the rest didn’t matter at all? And to think back, the one that expelled humans from Earth was the Earth itself and not that guy……”

“It’s not just that. Perhaps it wanted to become the lord of Earth. Like, developing Earth to its tastes, and raise an army inside it?”

Without Yumir the ratio of survivors would be even more pitiful. However, the child that grows alone within that hell would become a strong being suited to that of Earth. Moreover, the child would be shared ‘its’ record, so there would be a possibility of becoming a higher existence as well……

“So that’s it.”

At that moment, the vague and unacceptable story instantly cleared up.

“It was preparing for the moment Earth becomes a higher world, in its own way.”

“……That’s true, there’s also the creation of 5th class monsters that became less and less flawed. And there’s the fact that it did something to the children sent to the hell dungeon…..”

However, there were two unknown variables in that perfect plan, which was Yu IlHan and Yumir. Yu IlHan had created the Flying fortress to wipe out all the monsters on Earth by himself, and Yumir had wiped out the hell dungeon by developing the children who should have otherwise grown up naturally.

Although the two’s methods of going about ruining this plan was very drastic, one very loner-like and one very popular, it did not change the fact that they struck a huge axe in the plan.

“The expression of ‘lord of the Earth’ really sounds suitable. If there’s a lord of Earth right now, wouldn’t it be you and Mir? You’ve taken the throne in a splendid manner.”

“What good is that? I don’t need it. Take it back.”

Yu IlHan shook his hand and looked at the children again. The children that might have become the forces of monsters, had become Yumir’s army and were here. This was a good thing at least for his son Yumir.

However, Yu IlHan couldn’t stay smiling all the time.

“And so? How many children are here in total again……?”

“Yeah, it’s 9,300 in total.”

That was because the number of children Yumir had taken in were overwhelmingly small in number. There should have been much, much more children who were born after the Great Cataclysm, but the survivors only numbered 9,300!

This was also thanks to Yumir proactively rescuing the children while going around the dungeon, and if things had gone as Chaos Will had predicted, then the survival ratio would have decreased to a tenth of this.

Just the scale of casualties was way beyond Yu IlHan’s thoughts so Yu IlHan gave up thinking about it. Humans could not revert time, and so he could only proceed with what he had in his hand right now.

“……Well done, Mir. Very well done.”

“Yeah.”

Yumir liked it when Yu IlHan praised him and stroked his head. Despite being a monstrosity of over level 230, and being a commander of a 9,300 large army, Yumir was merely 6 years old; an age where he would do anything in order to be praised by his parents. It’s just that the results became like this due to his abilities!

“Is it really the hero’s parents?”

“But what are ‘parents’?”

“Hiing, I also want to see mommy.”

The 9,300 children who were wary against Yu IlHan at the beginning saw that Yu IlHan and Liera didn’t have any hostility at all, and also saw that Yumir was acting pampered in Yu IlHan’s arms, they dispelled their wariness a little. Although they were still talking from far away.

“IlHan, are you going to leave them like that?”

“No, …… I think I have to do something.”

Yu IlHan made a bitter smile while looking at the children who were high levelled, but were still no better than babies.

They couldn’t stay on guard against each other forever. He thought about what would be the best in this situation when……

“Good.”

Yu IlHan spoke so that everyone could hear it.

“Let’s eat up first.”

Yu IlHan used everything he could use to make food for all 9,300 children. He wiped out a field without an owner to make a salad, cast a giant net from the Flying fortress to catch fish to make soft boiled fish, boiled soup using the Giant Bucket, and grilled meat.

The above things all happened within 2 hours. The children only drooled while watching one miracle after another occurring in Yu IlHan’s two hands. It was no wonder, since all of these children only had demon flesh for food for nearly 3 years!

[The skill, Cooking, has become level 98. Roughly made food tastes better now.]

Perhaps due to doing a large-scale cooking after a while, his skill level increased as well. Yu IlHan installed numerous tables in the garden of his mansion and was satisfied.

“Good, I’ll be able to master the Cooking skill as well one day.”

“Nomnom…… this is what’s unfair about the Akashic Record. Although, I don’t care since the meat is tasty.”

Muttered Liera, while stuffing her cheeks with meat. Perhaps she had become more easily hungry after she became a lower existence. Yu IlHan gave her a smack on the forehead.

“I didn’t even set the table so don’t eat it first.”

“But it would be a pity for the meat to turn cold! It’s cooking made with my dear IlHan.”

“Then don’t eat it and help with the setting up.”

“Yes sir.”

Even though they were quarreling like the usual, it felt as if flowers were being scattered around them. The stable mood around the two left no room for Mystic to tease them. Yumir, who was only looking at his father until now, also noticed Liera at that time and shouted in shock.

“Liera noona became weaker!”

“No, I became stronger, Mir. With love, that is….. Oh, and call me mother.”

“But in fact noona’s strength is…..”

“I became stronger! And call me mother!”

Biting off a large chunk of vegetable salad like a rabbit, Liera said again with a stronger tone. Yumir really wanted to retort since he knew the strength of Liera’s 6th class days, but gave up after seeing Liera’s eyes full of stars and hearts. At that time, Yu IlHan give her a punishment in Yumir’s steed.

“I said work.”

“Ouch.”

The large lands of the mansion was wide enough for all of the over 9000 children to fit in it. Tables were put between them, and cooking was put on all of those tables, the children, who hesitated to eat at first, started to eat after seeing Yumir eat without holding back.

“Wow.”

“It’s not tough.”

“What do you call this?”

“Tasty!”

“Good, eat to your heart’s content.”

It didn’t take that long for the delicate and quiet meal time to turn into a party of chaos. Yu IlHan, who already predicted that such a thing would happen, scooped out food for them while cooking meat stew using a giant pot.

It was like a battle. The children who was eating away at everything they saw, clashed against Yu IlHan’s will to make them collapse with full stomachs.

[They looked like they starved for at least 3 days.]

[You shouldn’t be able to say that if you know the environment inside that hell dungeon.]

“Orochi’s words are right. No matter how it had tinkered with something, no matter how Yumir was there, it is still amazing that they were able to survive until now……”

The dinner only ended three hours after Liera had finished her meal and went into spectator mode. The children, who only repeatedly ate and drink, all collapsed on the ground only when half of the food ingredients in the mansion were emptied out.

“So happy.”

“I feel like I’ve wasted half my life thinking about how I couldn’t eat such a tasty thing.”

“What’s life?”

“It’s living.”

“How long can we live?”

“Hero’s dad is a good person.”

“What’s a dad?”

A very four-dimensional conversation, which made him wonder if they were clever or idiots, played out. Perhaps they were spouting whatever words that came to their minds since they were full and were relaxed.

Yu IlHan left the children to rest like that and checked with Yumir.

“And so, Mir. What do you want to do with those children?”

“I’m going to let them do what they want.”

But the problem was that they all wanted to follow him, he added. Yu IlHan heard that and made a bitter smile while facing him. Then, he thought for a bit, before speaking.

“Then what about we let them act with us for a while? In fact, dad is thinking about one way to return Earth to the normal state…..”

Yu IlHan explained the plan, and Yumir nodded. The children who heard his words, of course, followed him without any complaints. The fact that Yu IlHan had gained their trust with food also played a role.

With that, The Flying fortress and the Dragon’s army combined.

This was the creation of the strongest and the worst organization on Earth.



Chapter 217

It wasn’t like he immediately put his plan into action just because he accepted the Dragon’s army into the Flying fortress. Not only did Yu IlHan still have stuff to take care of, he couldn’t bear to send the children back to battles again.

[And so you want me to do everything, huh!]

“I always believe in you, Mystic!”

Leaving the cleaning of all the monsters including the perverted demons to Mystic, the Flying fortress that hunts well, what Yu IlHan did first was to make numerous attractions using his vast mansion grounds and garden.

Liera asked Yu IlHan after seeing a long slide that connected all the way to the hall, and the toy train that passed below it.

“What’s…… this?”

“A general theme park.”

“……”

Liera’s expression turned strange after hearing Yu IlHan’s reply. However, he was very serious right now.

“These kids have competed for survival as soon as they came to themselves. I can’t even imagine how twisted their emotions are. If we aren’t going to make them battle for their lifetimes, we need to put some other things into them. Something peaceful, and warm.”

“And so, a theme park?”

“They won’t be able to rest if it’s not now.”

His words were light, but the meaning was deep. There was no way Liera could stop him from doing that since she knew how he felt while looking at those children, and in the end, she decided to watch as the rather extreme park attractions that went in and out of the mansion, were being built.

Of course, there was still another question.

“Then can’t you just go to a theme park on land?”

“The monsters already ate them all, so there’s nothing left.”

“Ah, that’s it……”

3 years had passed since humanity was expelled, and the world was rapidly losing its civilization. Yu IlHan couldn’t possibly take care of that as well.

No, in fact, Yu IlHan helped in destroying civilization with the Flying fortress, and never helped in preserving them. Just freeing Earth again was annoying enough, so there was no way he would be looking after minor details!

Restoring those things were jobs for the rest of humanity when they return. Although, it was unknown when they would!

“Hero, what’s this?”

“My heart is thumping when I see it!”

“I don’t know either!”

Perhaps it was engraved into their instincts? The children jumped around while looking at the attractions being installed all over the Flying fortress area. Even Yumir, who was supposed to be leading them all, had glistening eyes while looking at the interesting rides that he had never seen before!

That scene made Liera, who was watching feel warm on the inside,….. but at that moment, she found Yu IlHan who was about to put a 4th class magic stone near a ride.

“There, stop moving.”

“Tch, I was found out.”

“Why are you using 4th class magic stones on a mere attraction!”

Yu IlHan replied firmly.

“This attraction is also a part of the Flying fortress. It’s obvious for all the things that make up the Flying fortress to be used to attack enemies, whether it’s a gram of air or a speck of dust, no?”

“Wait a sec, did you make all these with……?”

“Of course, vibration demon’s bones!”

“Give me back my feelings and emotions!!”

However, he wasn’t lying when he said he was building attractions for the children. He was only taking care of two, or three things by just doing one thing! Liera clenched her teeth and spoke to him, in this situation where she wanted to slap him but couldn’t.

“In the future, please explain before I feel like I’ve been hit on the back of the head. I also want to escape this one-pattern reaction trope!”

“Isn’t it more interesting to find out later?”

“I’m going to kiss you for one hour whenever you deceive me.”

“Not one second!?”

“And also.”

Liera put up three fingers on one hand and put it in front of Yu IlHan’s face when he had just turned back in shock. She approached as close as they could kiss if someone pushed them, and spoke with her red eyes containing a galaxy.

“And if you do it three times, I’ll do some…..thick things for over one hour like slugs.”

“Uwaaahk! Mir is listening!”

Yu IlHan acknowledged that Liera was at her final form. She, reborn after throwing away shame and hesitation, and also having a strong sense of conviction towards Yu IlHan, became a being that the current Yu IlHan could not win against.

“There, done.”

“Wow!”

“What’s this! What’s this!”

Yu IlHan made a total of 119 attractions in and around the mansion in merely 22 hours. After he finished that, he looked around at the 9,300 children and asked Yumir.

“Mir, you don’t manage all these 9,300 kids in one go, right?”

“Yeah, I group them according to attributes and divide them according to class!”

Yu IlHan patted his son who worked so well. After that, he grouped them like how he did, and placed them in front of each attraction.

“Wow.”

“I think I know! I saw something like this looong time ago with mommy and daddy!”

“What’s a mommy?”

He didn’t install just simple merry-go-rounds, spinning cups, or roller coasters. He even made stages where they could role play, and ones where they could only advance to the next stage if they indirectly learned about culture or the like, in order to hammer in minimum common sense into them.

“I placed them in the middle of each course. They wouldn’t do this if I only put the boring ones in it.”

“And your head always spins in stuff like these.”

Since he had made all the attractions and set the kids on each course, the only thing left was to play around freely! The children all went onto rides as soon as Yu IlHan and Yumir gave the permission.

“Mir, you go and play too.”

“I want to say with dad.”

“You can go play, I won’t go anywhere.”

“I still want to stay here.”

Looking at Yumir who didn’t want to be apart from him even while being really curious about the attractions, Yu IlHan made a bitter smile.

Even though he was a dragon, Yumir was still a child. At the time where he had to be with his parents the most, he couldn’t be there with him. He was worried about the emotional deficiency of the children, but in fact, the one he had to worry about the most was none other than his son, Yumir.

“Okay, then stay with dad.”

“Okay.”

“Kyaaak!”

“Fast! High! So high!”

The attractions that Yu IlHan made while utilizing dragon tongue, ancient elf language, angel, and fallen angel magic language, as well as the best of magic engineering, were all more thrilling than any other rides on Earth, and it did not take a lot of time until the children were absorbed into the Flying fortress theme park. full of dreams and hopes.

“Uwaaah!”

“Amazing, I’m flying faster than when I was kicked by a monster!”

If there was a drawback in the Flying fortress theme park, it was that all the rides were made for children over level 100, so an ordinary person may die of a heart attack if they rode on it.

Those without a good dynamic vision wouldn’t even know what the children were doing now, but Yu IlHan could even see the cheering kid furthest away from him.

“Good, there are no problems.”

Yu IlHan checked that all 119 attractions were completely flawless in their activity, and nodded his head. Finally, he lightly touched the rails of a roller coaster nearby, when numerous text filled his vision.

[The Flying fortress analyzes and records the information of the ones here.]

“Good, this side is perfect too.”

Hearing Yu IlHan’s mutters, Liera lightly laughed. She could imagine what other functions the attractions had other than just being attractions and as a weapon. She took Yumir from Yu IlHan’s arms softly and covered his two eyes.

“Mir, close your eyes for around an hour.”

“Un, okay.”

“No! I said no! Collecting information is also attached to other basic utilities of the Flying fortress! I didn’t add anything new, and it was already there before.”

And with Yu IlHan’s Record skill, that had blossomed beautifully. He was only trying to make equipment for the 9,300 children by from the information on abilities, physical body, and records collected from the attractions while they enjoyed them!

“You really are doing a lot of things at once.”

“It’s to prevent the annoying stuff from popping up later. Well, then. Let’s wait until I collect all their information…..

Yu IlHan turned back, and his eyes glistened while looking at Liera and Yumir.

“Let’s make your equipments first.”

The start was Yumir. Of course, he had made epic-ranked equipment for him before. And no matter what kind of battle he had went through in such a harsh environment, that equipment was still as sturdy and strong as ever.

However, the Yu IlHan of that time and the Yu IlHan of now was different! He always advanced forward!

“Mostly in regards to offensive strength, though. That’s why, the materials need to change.”

“Ah, sheesh.”

However, her words were right. Yu IlHan was planning to make an armor for Yumir using the remains of Chaos Will, which was mostly hunted by Liera alone!

“Of course, I need to use it for my armor as well so I’ll use only half of it.”

“Wow, I can’t even touch it even though I can see it! Dad is amazing for killing something like this!”

“I killed it with Liera.”

However, when he looked at Liera after saying that to Yumir, Liera was pouting for some reason. She asked with a pouty voice.

“Half?”

“Yeah, I need to use at least half to make a gear that can help Mir.”

“But IlHan and I killed it, if you invest half of it to Mir, then you can only make yours with the other half.”

“…….You didn’t want something with a couple-look with this guy’s remains, right?”

Liera did not reply. Although she didn’t look like she was moving, she had nodded very minutely, and he wouldn’t have noticed if he didn’t watch her closely.

“It was a monumental incident…..”

“I don’t think I want to celebrate something like that though…..?”

Perhaps girls were all special like this, or perhaps Liera was just like that. He sighed and took out something he had hidden inside one corner of his inventory.

“In fact, I’ve prepared something else to make your equipment. Here, these are it.”

The things Yu IlHan had pulled out so proudly, was a box containing hundreds of thousands of blinding-white feathers, tens of flasks containing white blood, as well as some dead skin and crust that were emitting a strong aura.

“……”

Liera looked down at those items and became silent for a moment, before asking with a bright smile.

“When did you pick all these up?”

“In truth, the 5th option on your armor also had this in it as well…… So !@#$^&*@!^!#!”

“So I have to close my eyes for one hour, right?”

Yumir, who was good at learning, closed his two eyes and turned around, while Liera’s vicious assault on Yu IlHan began!

Yu IlHan struggled and squirmed like a fish out of water, but she did not let go no matter what he did. After all, it was her who taught Yu IlHan his martial arts back then!

It really did take one full hour before Yu IlHan could start working and Yumir and Liera’s equipment.



Chapter 218

“Dad, Liera-noona looks like she likes you alot.”

“Yeah, I know that too.”

Hearing Yumir facing up to him, Yu IlHan touched his lips to check whether they were bloated right now. Yumir added with a bright smile.

“So dad likes Liera-noona too.”

“Yup, but sometimes her love feels too heavy.”

“So you don’t like it, dad?”

“No, I like it. But keep this a secret from Liera, okay? She would go wild if she knew.”

“Un, okay.”

The person in question, Liera had gone to sleep in satisfaction after the one-hour punishment. She looked like the king of beasts going to sleep after a satisfying hunt.

“So let’s make your equipment first.”

“Okay!”

Yumir was now 4th class and was able to take dragon form. Of course, he was still a small dragon 20m in stature, and 7m in height, he would become bigger as time goes and as he levelled up. Making an equipment he could use while in dragon form would require a great deal of pondering.

“However, fortunately, we have the body of Chaos Will.”

“Wow, it keeps stretching!”

“In fact, it’s not important whether this material stretches or shrinks. What’s important about this material is not the physical interference, but the will and mana inside it, you only need to remember this.”

Yu IlHan split the corpse of Chaos Will in exactly a half and put one half into his inventory and lifted up the other half. The scene of Yu IlHan’s hands grabbing a shadow without a specific form was very marvelous to look at.

“This is a material that implements the will using mana as the medium.”

The shadow was still minutely vibrating as if it was alive, and was constantly changing its appearance by receiving Yu IlHan’s will, and Yu IlHan wielded that ability as if he was born with it. Yumir also vaguely grasped how to do it after looking at him using it.

“I think I’ll be able to use it like my body if I get used to ti!”

“You need to do things that are impossible with just your body alone. Dad will set the basic form. It will protect you perfectly even if you suddenly turn into dragon form.”

“Wow.”

If there was one unfortunate thing, it was that they were not in possession of a 5th class magic stone right now. However, with Yu IlHan’s magic engineering ability, it was plenty possible for Yu IlHan to make it so that he would enhance it with a 4th class magic stone for now, and use a 5th class magic stone later to upgrade, so it wasn’t really a problem at all.

“Eternal Flame.”

The flame sleeping inside the Infernal dragon body awoke and flared up. Although Chaos Will was neither metal, or any other kind of material, fire was necessary in order to process it. To be exact, it needed the Eternal Flame which possesses its own sentience, unattainable through whatever means, and forever burning; to process it.

“You need to clean out all the impurities from here. You can do it, right?”

Eternal Flame burned up as if acknowledging. Then, it enlarged its size and enveloped the shadow. The shadow twisted as if resisting, but that did not last long. Everything fell quiet soon after, and it laid on the ground again like a dead fish.

“Did it die?”

“It was already dead. I only dusted off some insect-like things.”

Although he was saying as if it was nothing, this would actually be a tedious process without the Eternal Flame, to be exact, Orochi and Yu IlHan would have an annoying time.

“So watch from now. And extend your hand when I say so, okay?”

“Yeah!”

Yu IlHan put the shadow down on the anvil before picking up his hammer. He applied powdered 4th class magic stones on his hammer, then he struck down with his mana and imparted his will, after a short, deep, breath.

At that moment, the shadow changed minutely, and Yu IlHan struck down several times in order to change the appearance and properties of that shadow little by little.

If Yu IlHan smithed using mana crafting when he was making the Infernal dragon body, this time, it was the opposite, he was applying mana crafting into the blacksmithing process!

It was a very profound and complex process, but Yu IlHan’s movements did not contain a single speck of hesitation. He soon entered the focus mode that Liera liked so much.

“Hand.”

“Hand.”

Yumir obediently extended his hand after Yu IlHan said that. Yu IlHan grabbed his hand with his free hand. Yumir, who understood his dad’s intentions, Yumir moved his mana and let it flow it towards Yu IlHan, which then Yu IlHan poured it into his hammer.

“I’m connecting you directly with this. Let’s just call it ‘link’ for now.”

“Link……”

He seemed to have liked that expression. Yumir repeated that word in his head and emitted a stronger and brighter mana. In fact, this was closer to a process of deleting the old user and registering a new one, but Yu IlHan decided not to mention that.

The shadow slowly changed in color; from a dark black that looked like it would never compromise with anything; to a bright-colored gold. That which kept its cloudy-form until now, started taking shape according to Yu IlHan’s intentions.

“But it doesn’t feel like an armor.”

“If you want to make it look like an armor, I can mix in some 5th class materials to do that.”

“No, it’s fine. It’s better for the body to be as light as possible.”

In fact, the outer appearance of the armor no longer mattered. Just the Infernal dragon body Yu IlHan was wearing was closer to a very thin piece of clothing made of metal, that would make people wonder if it was really an armor. However, the defense of it was undeniably strong. This armor that will be given to Yumir was the same. No, perhaps it was more so.

The golden light brightened to the peak, and started to die down from a certain point, little by little. Yu IlHan let go of the hammer from some time, and started mana crafting by pulling Yumir’s hand into the mountain of magic stone powder.

“Focus a little bit more.”

“Got it.”

Perhaps thanks to Yumir obediently following his dad’s words, the process worked not long after. That which, was soft like silk, glowing faintly, and was breathing lightly by synchronizing with the owner, looked nothing like the murky shadow of before.

[Breath of Gold was completed.]

[Breath of Gold.]

[Rank – Chaos]

[Defense – 18,500]

[Durability – 3,500,000/3,500,000]

[User restrictions – bound to Yumir]

[Options –

1. 90% increase in wind attribute resistance and attack power.

2. Stores the user’s mana and amplifies it and freely changes form. When in the shape of a weapon, half of the defense is converted to attack power.

3. Protects the user from unforeseen surprise attacks. Consumes a large quantity of mana.

4. 30% amplification in power of all Physical combat-category skills.

5. Generates mana and enwraps the user. Usable in both attack and defense.]

[An unfinished product with upgrades in mind. However, it still has shocking abilities.]

“Hmm, it’s not enough after all?”

The absurdly high defense and durability proved that the materials Yu IlHan had used were better than any of those that he had used before.

However, did the options live up to Yu IlHan’s expectations? – if you asked that question, then who knows. He would tilt his head. This meant that 4th class magic stones were not sufficient to bring out all the potential of a 6th class material.

“Amazing! So cool!”

Yu IlHan didn’t really like the product, but Yumir was very shocked. Even though he had really high standards as he was only equipped with artifacts made by Yu IlHan until now, artifacts that raised his wind attribute resistance and attack power by 90% at the same time, was not something common.

“But this is still insufficient for Mir. I’ll upgrade it as soon as we kill another 5th class, so bear with this for now.”

“Okay!”

Yumir immediately equipped Breath of Gold on the spot. Although it looked like he just had an extra layer of clothing on the outside, the difference in power would be more than 2 times with and without the armor.

“I feel so light!”

Yumir jumped a few times on the spot and immediately ran outside before taking his dragon form. The Breath of Gold also changed in form the moment he changed, and enveloped him comfortably to not hinder any of his movement, but also to protect him safely from any kind of attack.

[Dad, thank you!]

“It’s good that you like it.”

He still could recognize with a glance the expression that Yumir had even when he was in dragon form. His son’s flawlessly pure smile made Yu IlHan smile as well.

This would probably still be insufficient to make up for his loneliness until now.

But now, things would change. He was sick and tired of being trapped or having to send people away. He would go look for them himself. He would regain what he had to, beat up those he had to, and fix anything he had to.

“To do that, I first.”

Need to make equipment for Liera.

There was no need to touch on her spear since she got one that constantly became stronger, so a piece of clothing that can act as both weapon and armor like the one he made for Mir just now would do. And the perfect materials were in his possession right now.

“Well, then. These would be.”

Yu IlHan pondered for a lot about the creation method, but the method he chose at the end was a simple one. Liera had two pairs of wings since she was 6th class, and thanks to that, it was possible to procure over 300 thousand feathers. With those at the foundations, and the blood and skin as the additives, he would be able to create a masterpiece!

“You’re really going to make it!?”

However just as when Yu IlHan was about to start the crafting with the feathers laid on the floor, a clear and voice resounded from behind him. It was none other than LIera.

“When did you wake up?”

“It would be strange if I didn’t when such a gigantic ball of mana is flapping outside like that.”

Liera pointed his finger at Yumir who was having a blast outside. The Breath of Gold on his body received the mana of a dragon and was constantly changing. Seeing that, it made him wonder if that was really of Chaos rank.

“So the deficiency in mana is covered by Mir. Perhaps it might increase in rank without a magic stone. Dragons sure are amazing.”

“You don’t sound persuasive when you wiped out an entire world of dragons…… and so? Are you really going to make it?”

“Of course. I’m going to make a splendid one even if all that it can do for me is to make me escape ‘punishment’.”

In fact, the ‘punishment’ was one that was at the boundaries of a punishment and a reward. Of course, if he was honest about this, Liera would go haywire so he didn’t say it.

“I thought you’d add some other 5th class materials.”

“By 6th class, adding others would instead lower the quality. Mir’s was the same, and yours as well.”

Just how was he going to make something out of feathers, blood and skin? Liera tilted her head, but Yu IlHan did not stop his movements. He first separated the barbs from the shaft, and put the shaft along with the dead skin and processed the barbs into threads.

“Whoa? How did you do that!?”

Ignoring Liera who was shocked and watching the unbelievable scene with her eyes wide open she, he kicked the process up a notch. Like the time he made Yumir’s, he had ground several 4th class magic stones and applied it on the threads, and started creating clothes by using mana!

“Although the end product might slightly drop in rank since this is not blacksmithing, it should be fine I guess. Magic engineering will do something about it!”

“Uaaa, the mana is being amplified! Just what the heck are you doing to it!”

The endless ball of string was being reborn into a clean piece of clothing. Just what else could Yu IlHan not do other than communication?

As Yu IlHan was completely aware of Liera’s body figure, he soon finished making a battle dress of pure white. It was a dress that had both elegance and grace despite not putting any parts that would hinder her movement in battle!

“Wow, wooow.”

Liera’s two eyes, which were filled with shock and confusion until just a moment ago, were now filled with starlight. Her two hands twitching implied that she was about to assault Yu IlHan at any moment.

“Wait.”

Although it was a happy thing that she was happy with the item he had made, and would like to express that through actions…… Yu IlHan shook her off with a bitter smile.

“This is just the start so don’t hurry so much.”

He next ground the feather shafts and dead skin into fine powder, and mixed that with magic stone powder and the blood. Looking at the glistening crystals inside the pure white blood, it was as if looking at a pearl paint.

“Uu, this really feels strange……”

“Just watch, you’ll change your mind soon.”

He picked up a brush and applied the paint on the dress. And marvelously, the paint smeared into the dress as if they were one in the first place. With more and more strokes of the brush, the dress colored in light pink and started glowing brightly.

“I’m going to commence the link right now.”

“Uh, okay.”

Liera was pressured by the aura of Yu IlHan’s work and obediently extended her hand. Although she had fallen to 4th class, she was still at the peak level of 299. Her overwhelming possession of mana flowed to Yu IlHan through her hands, and was poured into the dress according to his control.

It was at that moment that a situation they did not expect, had occurred.

[They…… lo…… sacred……]

Just as Liera’s two red eyes seem to emit light, faint pink light poured down into the workshop!



Chapter 219

“Hmm.”

Yu IlHan groaned while looking at the glowing workshop, Liera’s two eyes, and her spear, as well as the dress that was pulsing as if to resonate with the others.

[Sometime….. you…..]

“This is an unexpected situation.”

And that voice that said single words. He didn’t know what was what happening right now!

“Liera, do you understand what’s happening?”

“It’s the god of love. It’s the exact same feeling as when I received the blessing!”

“And? What’s he up to?”

“I don’t know either!”

It looked like Liera also didn’t know the details either. However, if there was one thing that was sure, it was that this artifact creation may end up failing.

[Definitely……. set things straight……]

How was a god, that was merely a record, speaking? What was this mana and why was such a phenomenon happening to them!?

The questions piled up like mountains, but right now, it was no time to be shaken by lights or voices. Right now, not only did he have access to Liera’s mana, there were overflowing amounts of mana from another transcendent being. If he could imbue all that mana without wasting any of it, into the artifact…..!

[My…… eyes.]

“Liera, focus.”

“Uh, yeah.”

Yu IlHan’s eyes became more serious than ever. If it was to make Liera stronger, than all was good. Right now, he could only play along with whoever that did this!

Liera’s mana, Yu IlHan’s mana, the mana possessed by the materials of the artifact, as well as the mana of unknown origins. Yu IlHan’s strong will lead those four to meet in one place.

Liera also pushed out her mana to the extreme to help him. Right now, an overwhelming quantity of mana that may be able to destroy a whole world, was gathering in this small artifact!

[Prepare…… now……]

Yu IlHan, who roughly grasped onto the scale of the mana, tried to bestow role to each and every bit of it, but an unexpected thing happened at this point. The mana from the god of love seemed to envelop all the other mana and caused an extreme mana reaction to create a completely new structure of energy from before!

“Ugh?”

“Uuuugh, it’s so heavy. Heavyyy.”

This energy belonged to neither Heaven, nor to the god of love, nor to Yu IlHan, nor to Liera. Could this even be called mana? Yu IlHan couldn’t care less. What he had to do right now was to enhance this artifact before all that energy went berserk! And that went successfully.

“Your mana control, is better than mine….!”

“Shh.”

Right now, it was fortunate that Yu IlHan was here. If not for Yu IlHan, at the peak of magic engineering and mana crafting, they might have blown up the entire Flying fortress if that giant power went berserk!

[Interfere……. lik……]

Meanwhile, the voice that sounded both like a male’s and a female’s continued to speak. It sounded like this person wanted to say something to Yu IlHan rather than interrupt him, but he wouldn’t be able to understand unless he tuned into that frequency.

[God.]

And at one moment, the voice became clear all of a sudden.

[does not exist.]

With those four words as the last, the light and the voice disappeared altogether. The flow of mana that had been endlessly flowing in, stopped so suddenly, and was about to go berserk, but Yu IlHan, who was even prepared for that, proficiently lead the last bits into the artifact. As the artifact was just nearing its maximum mana capacity, it was a suitable timing as well.

Even though this was an artifact made from Liera’s 6th class body!

[Feathers of Temptation was complete.]

When the work ended and that text appeared in his vision, Yu IlHan relaxed from his focused state and collapsed on the ground. Liera, who was holding hands with him all this time, hurriedly pulled him in into her arms and supported him.

“Are you alright, IlHan?”

“Yeah, I was a little nervous since something completely outside my expectations had occurred. I was afraid that I was about to waste all those materials.”

“But it looks so pretty.”

Liera’s lips had curved into a smile while she lifted up the completed dress. It was a dress made for Liera alone. Also it was an artifact that proves that she was once an angel, although it also reminded her that she was no longer one.

“This is not an item that I finished.”

However, Yu IlHan’s eyes looking at the dress had a hint of dissatisfaction

“Making a completely new type of energy is a thought that never come across me before. I didn’t even know it was possible either. That was the power and will of the god of love…… Do you think it’s possible that a mere recorded god can bring about such a strong will when it shouldn’t even exist?”

“……That’s true.”

Liera vaguely nodded after hearing his words. It wasn’t just that either. The god of love definitely tried to tell them something. And the words at the end…… God does not exist?

“It’s probably words that reject Heaven…..? Or perhaps God and the entire army below him.”

“I’m also thinking along those lines. That’s because in the process of completing the artifact using this completely new energy, this artifact was removed of all traces of Heaven.”

Yu IlHan gave a final check on the battle dress and replied to her. The artifact with all traces of Heaven removed as if god of love had resentment towards heaven, was emitting a strong and beautiful light.

Of course, Yu IlHan also thought that this was better suited to Liera since she had bid farewell with Heaven and was walking on her own path….. but who cares.

“We can’t do anything about that right now, so I’ll just bury it on some corner of my mind. Oh, in the future, god of love will be called Nietzsche copycat.”

“Don’t call it like that!”

“Do you like Zarathustra copycat better?”

“Should I go into punishment mode?”

“I’m very sorry, ma’am.”

They just decided to remind themselves later about it. Wouldn’t it be strange to change their course of action just because of a few words from the god of love? To judge about the Heaven’s Army, Yu IlHan’s knowledge was insufficient.

“But let’s prepare some things just in case. There’s no guarantee that today’s friend will be friends forever. The Heaven’s Army may pick a fight with me just cuz they don’t like me.”

“I always get worried when you say something like that.”

While Yu IlHan was sorting out the thoughts in his head, Liera stripped on the spot and changed into the battle dress that Yu IlHan had made.

“Fuu.”

There was no need to mention that it looked very good on her since it was designed for her in the first place. The dress looked very pretty suited to her especially because it looked like a matching set with the spear.

“How is it?”

“You’re pretty.”

Liera rejoiced as if she just gained the whole world after hearing Yu IlHan’s honest reply. He only spoke what was on his mind, but at that time, Liera suddenly lifted up the corner of her dress. Yu IlHan stepped back in fear.

“Uwaaah!”

“I’m not stripping! You still haven’t checked the info on this dress, right?”

“No, I didn’t…..?”

After saying that, Yu IlHan became worried. Did the god of love tinker with the item!? Although he couldn’t completely control the flow, the mana crafting shouldn’t have gone wrong!

“Check it quickly.”

“Okay dammit. What do I do if it’s bad…..”

Yu IlHan hurriedly grabbed the dress and checked the item information. At that time, magnificent words continued to pop up one after the other.

[Feather of Temptation]

[Rank – God]

[Defense – 20,500]

[Durability – 3,200,000/3,200,000]

[User restrictions – Bound to Liera]

[Options –

1. All abilities increase by 40% in battles together with the loved one.

2. Able to increase the league of an active skill by consuming mana.

3. 100% increase in resistance against all magic.

4. Immune to all poison and curse.

5. Unable to receive critical hit damage.

6. Flight is possible through consuming mana.]

[A masterpiece made by the best crafter for his lover. In the clothes containing her history and traces, the power of the god of love was injected to create this piece of clothing. It is optimized to protect the user, and from it the deep love of the crafter for his lover can be glimpsed. It will become a legend for all couples that love each other.]

The abilities of the item were the best. Not only were Yu IlHan’s intentions realized, there were some things that were implemented even though he didn’t intend for it. Really, an item that made him wonder if anyone across the worlds could do anything to Liera with this on, had been born.

Moreover, the battle capabilities were top-notch as well, so it was not so strange that the item abilities had reached God rank. Although the fact that this wasn’t purely born from Yu IlHan’s abilities tugged his mind.

The problem was that. The problem was the expressions used by the Akashic Record in the description.

“…….”

“IlHan, why is your face so red? Hm?”

“Akashic Record you damn thing……!”

Yu IlHan converted the rising embarrassment to rage and poured it against the Akashic Record which shouldn’t even have a physical form. Liera stuck to him from the back.

“I really like you.”

“So stupid.”

“I really, reeally, do.”

“……Yes, I also like you. What is this? The item says it all, so why do you need to check it with me?”

“I wanted to hear it from your mouth. Ehehe.”

Just as when they were about to enter lovey-dovey mode, Liera realized that Yu IlHan still forgot about one thing.

“Why aren’t you making yours? There’s still half of Chaos Will’s body left.”

“I don’t need to make that now. I have the Infernal dragon body.”

The materials that made the Infernal dragon body was an alloy made from the best metals from many worlds. Although it would not be able to win against a 6th class material, Infernal dragon body’s strong points weren’t just that. How much effort had he put in to make such a perfect equipment?

Infernal dragon body was perfect from the moment it was made. The structure and the composition as an artifact was so perfect, that he didn’t think he could make something better than it in the future either.

“So, if I have to use Chaos Will’s body, I need to ‘add’ some other things to make a set.”

“Aha, the armor that you’ve thought up of before.”

“Yeah, so not yet.”

If he wanted to make new parts using the body of Chaos Will, he would have to at least have a 5th class magic stone. If he acquired more 5th class magic stones from now though, he would first have to upgrade Breath of Gold for Yumir. He still had long ways to go.

“I’ll need to make accessories now. how fast will accessories made of 5th class materials recover mana? Oh, I didn’t get my subclass yet either.”

Thinking up of the imperial princess of Palladia that had the subclass that allowed her to use more accessories, he finally thought up of subclasses.

However, that was no wonder, since at first, he wanted a smithing-category subclass, but through acquiring the blessing of the god of smithing, and learning the knowledge of magic engineering, he could create god-ranked artifacts on his own, without the help of a subclass. It was natural that he didn’t feel attracted to it.

“But still, you still haven’t checked it?”

“Too many things happened after I got the main class. You being one of them.”

“But you might wanna get it now. Even non-combat classes will be of help if you get it.”

“Yes, I should.”

Yu IlHan called out the list of available subclasses onto his retina. Like before, there were tens of subclasses that listed on and on and on, and terrorized Yu IlHan’s eyes.

“Carpenter, blacksmith, metalworker, constructor, merchant, cook……”

The string of text made him joyful from just looking at them. Yu IlHan thought that it would be fine to choose whichever one of them, and just looked through all of them. At one point in time, his mouth was muttering just one word repeatedly.

“Accessory, accessory, accessory…..”

“What do you mean whichever? You’re aiming for one thing only!?”

“I also want to achieve 500% mana recovery speed!”

With his abilities that would actually be possible! Yu IlHan quickly read over the text and looked for the class that the imperial princess might have acquired. He searched, and found a class at the end of the list.


“……Well, this.”

At the moment he found that, Yu IlHan shrugged his shoulders. It looked like he had to cancel his insults to the Akashic Record.

“Did you find it, IlHan?”

“No, it’s not related to accessories, but…..”

His eyes glowed in red. He already felt his emotions heightening while thinking about what was beyond.

“I saw a different ending to the one I initially thought about.”



Chapter 220

 [You have become a Dimensional Traveller. All resources consumed when teleporting between dimensions is reduced to 20%, and visiting previously visited dimensions will have a further reduced cost to 5%.] 

[You have acquired the passive skill, Dimensional adaptation. No penalties are given no matter which dimension you are in, and when the skill level rises, your understanding of that dimension increases and become stronger.] 

[You have acquired the passive skill, Fleet command. You can select members of your fleet when teleporting between dimensions. The members of the fleet may accompany the dimensional travel without any additional resources, and may share the effects of the Dimensional adaptation skill.] 

[You have acquired the active skill, Ruler of dimensions. When staying in one dimension for a long time, you become able to sense and prevent other beings who are trying to enter that dimension. The success rate increases as the skill level rises, and new abilities may be acquired.]

 Yu IlHan’s newly acquired class, Dimensional Traveller, had a peculiar point about it even when comparing it with other classes he had acquired until now. Perhaps it could be said that Yu IlHan had opened new paths connecting to a wider array of worlds, when he was busy looking forward and running until now. The more he understood about the abilities of his class, he even felt that all the walls blocking his way had suddenly disappeared.

 Liera, who was looking at Yu IlHan, also roughly seem to know what kind of power Yu IlHan had acquired.

 “Why is such an overwhelming power included in a subclass and not a main class……?”

“There are people with this as the main class?” 

“No, there weren’t. Whether subclass or main class. At least within my knowledge, there weren’t.” 

“I knew it.”

 The most important ability, dimensional travel, was missing, but that wasn’t a problem since Yu IlHan already had that ability. No, Yu IlHan was quite sure that he had acquired this subclass precisely because he had the warp ability already.

 He liked the powers possessed by his class above all. The absurd amount of resources to warp was tugging on his mind all this time, but it had decreased by a large margin instantly!

 “That’s why classes are amazing…..”

“Well, yeah, of course. Moreover, it’s a unique job despite being a subclass so I don’t even know what kind of abilities may be added to it in the future…..”

 Liera looked at Yu IlHan after saying that, and suddenly tilted his head.

 “But didn’t you say you can’t go over to other worlds?”

“No, I can.”

 The reason he had accepted the Dragon’s army, and was making and supplying equipment to all of them was because Yu IlHan had the ability to go over to other dimensions. Liera’s head tilted once again.

 “Didn’t you say something about not having enough information…..?”

“Well, yes, at that time, I was indeed lacking information.”

 However, not now. Yu IlHan now had the Record skill. Detailed information on anything he had come in contact to once before, will be etched into the core of Yu IlHan, so information needed for dimensional travel was nothing!

 “There are about 32 worlds I can move to right now. If I find traces of the people of Earth while going around the Earth, that number will probably increase.”

 Of course, Yu IlHan wasn’t planning to blindly search all those worlds and bring back the people of Earth. There was no meaning to that if strong monsters appeared on Earth and wiped them all out while he was bringing more! And moreover, it was realistically impossible to transport all those billions of people.

 “Then what are you going to do?”

 Liera’s question was reasonable. She would also act by Yu IlHan’s side since she had returned to 4th class. Yu IlHan appointed as the member number 1 of his fleet and decided to explain to her properly, the course of future action.

 “Although I think that this is not a mere coincidence….. what I was planning to do, coincides with the class I’ve acquired just now.”

 Yu IlHan would go to numerous other worlds with his warp ability, and would make a certain organization of people with the ones that both wanted to go back to Earth, and yet were also willing to help redevelop. He would increase that number while going around many dimensions, save those in crisis, and stimulate the growth of Earth after coming back! Liera, who heard his words, exclaimed at the sheer scale of his thoughts.

 “You, are thinking of becoming the medium that connects all people of Earth……?”

“Earth will maintain its closed-off state before it leaps into a higher world. Of course, I won’t be able to meet everybody, nor would I be able to hear every one of their voices. However, I want to do the best I can. …….I’m sick and tired of being a loner now.”

 Disregarding the perpetrator, if Earth was frequently connected to other worlds, then the development of Earth will accelerate. Yu IlHan’s every action will urge the Earth’s growth into a higher world. This was a real two birds with one stone.

 Of course, this was a good thing for Yu IlHan personally as well, because unlike Earth, in which monsters were very scarce now since he and the Flying fortress had wiped them all out, in worlds where monsters and humans were almost equal in power, the hunting grounds will be overflowing!

 “……And it will become busier at that time, huh.”

“Yeah.” 

“Then we’d need to go around without any time for rest, right? No leisure time, right?” 

“Probably?”

 This damn workaholic! Liera suppressed her urge to smack Yu IlHan on the forehead for replying without much of a reaction, and asked.

 “IlHan. So, what are you going to do now?”

“I said I’ll be making the accessories that we would use, didn’t I? After that, I’ll make the equipment for the children using their information as the basis, and then finally go on to other……”

 Just as when Yu IlHan was fluently speaking about the tight schedule that he had come up with, Liera grabbed his wrist. When Yu IlHan turned to look at her to see what she was up to, Liera spoke with a smile.

 “Let us rest for a little.”

“I’m not sure if I want to do that, but seeing that your eyes look scary…..” 

“Uwaaah, I have no power in my body because I fell from a higher existence to a lower one so suddenly. I feel like I’d faint at any moment. I think my newly recovered skin will crack again. I think I have to have a deep rest on the bed right now.”

 How could she be any worse at acting? Yu IlHan laughed and replied to her.

 “I know that you’re tired so you don’t have to say it like that. It’s not like I need your help for the foreseeable future. You rest here. I’ll rest on my own later.” 

“No, I’m going to rest with you.” 

“Huh?”

 Liera strengthened her grip on Yu IlHan’s wrist. He, who felt a sense of danger, tried to shake her off, but was unable to. Liera’s eyes glistened mysteriously.

 “You know how I talked about a stronger punishment when you deceive me three times, no?”

“Y, you did?”

 Liera pulled him and declared.

 “I lied.”

“Uwaaahk!”

 The children were still absorbed in the attraction, and Yumir, who had stuck next to Yu IlHan all this time, was also passionate in trying the performance of his new gear. This, was the best opportunity. 

Letting go of this chance would mean that she would have to wait a few long years before the next one arrived. Liera’s intuition was great, and her actions did not contain any hesitation. A ferocious beast would not let go of any timing! Mystic and Orochi, who were watching this whole scene, also exclaimed.

 [That woman, her desires are going wild after she became a lower existence.]

[This is a very interesting scene. To think I’d see master being swung around by another person when he always did as he wished until now.]

 Now that Liera had fallen to 4th class, Yu IlHan would be able to subdue her using force. However, Yu IlHan didn’t dare to do that since he was worried that Liera may not have completely shaken off the after effects of her 6th class being stripped. The victor was obvious.

 “Just two hours, no three……… six hours.”

“It’s increasing!” 

“Yes, a daughter will be nice for the first child. What should we name her?” 

“You’re going too fast!”

 Yu IlHan, who had no romantic experiences, thought that this was plenty fast that they were progressing at, but to Liera, who had waited for hundreds of years, a lip-seal would neither make her satisfied nor would it ease the tension that had built up over the years.

 Moreover, there were too many people that liked Yu IlHan, including the angel Erta, that was now higher classed than her, as well as the humans Na YuNa and Kang MiRae! If she was relieved with just that, it was unknown when she would be struck in the back of the head.

 She couldn’t stay passive like until now. It was now time for her to strike back.

 “This mood is so unromantic too. Ugh…….!”

 What do you mean a mood for romance? How can you be so cute – Liera became warm when she heard those words.

However, that was that, and this was this.

 “Romance or mood.”

 Liera checked that there was no one around before they entered the bedroom, replied in a voice that only Yu ILHan could hear while closing the door.

 “Thorse are things that we can create now.”

 ***

 “Uwaaah!”

“It’s spinning! Spinny spinny spin! Uhaaah!” 

[Wooow! My claws are becoming bigger!]

 The children enjoyed the Flying fortress theme park + education facility for hours and days. Yumir also flew around without considering the time as he was absorbed in testing the limits of his equipment.

 [Fuuu……Die! Die already! Die! Uaaa, I can’t hear it, I can’t hear it! Dieee!]

[Maha prajna para mita…….]

 Mystic ardently obliterated the perverted demons that kept appearing on Earth, while Orochi closed his ears and eyes and fell into meditation. 

If Mystic was finding sacrificial lambs to pour her emotions into, in order to forget about something, Orochi was sinking deep into himself after forgetting everything.

 Yu IlHan and Liera’s ‘rest’ only finished after 3 days, much longer than the original 6 hours.

 “Are you satisfied?”

“……Yeah.” 

“Then rest up. I’ll go and work from now.” 

“Okay.”

 Liera no longer stopped Yu IlHan. She only thought that his figure as he wiped the sweat on his body, and wearing clothes, was very sexy.

 In fact, she also had the urge to go boast to the whole neighborhood, but there was no neighborhood in the world right now. She had to let Yu IlHan go in order to find those people.

 [Die, di…….e, you’re done?]

[You were noisy, building.]

 After letting Liera rest, Yu IlHan moved to his workshop, and only then did Mystic and Orochi start speaking again. They were too tired to get angry now.

 [Doesn’t master get tired or something……?]

“I also just found this out, but.”

 Yu IlHan grabbed a hammer with one hand as if nothing happened, before speaking.

 “The range of effect of Transcendent regeneration is limitless.”

[…….] 

[…….]

 Even Mystic and Orochi were speechless after hearing that. Just who made such a weapon of mass ‘destruction’? Wait, it was himself wasn’t it?

 “Well, then. Back to work.”

[An amazing guy indeed.] 

[Although it’s very awkward. I can only agree with you on that point…..]

 Yu IlHan used the remaining 5th class materials to make accessories for himself, Liera and Yumir. Now that he was 4th class, the number limit of his acessories was 6. Liera and Yumir were the same, so he made a total of 18. 

Four of them were Chaos, 5 were epic, and the rest were all legend.

 “Hm, it looks like I can reach 400% after all……”

[You’re speaking of something amazing as if it’s nothing.]

 The abilities on the accessories were mostly centered around mana. Not only recovery speed, but some increased the maximum capacity, and some even had the function to store mana when the user was inactive, and use it in emergencies. 

5th class materials were ingredients that were very sensitive to mana, so it was not very difficult to implement what he wanted.

 “Well, then. Let’s make the equipment for the children.”

[How long would it take to make armors and weapons for 9,300 people…..?] 

[If it’s master, around 4 days?] 

“Hey this is not mass-production, and is custom-production, so it’d take longer than that. Around a week, I guess?”

 If anyone heard that, they’d become speechless in shock. But just then, Yu IlHan abruptly raised his head.

 “Tch, nice timing.”

[What timing?] 

“Timing of a new incident.”

 Yu IlHan put his hands on the workshop wall as soon as he finished saying that. His actions were simple, but the entire Flying fortress started to vibrate.

 “Hhm?”

“Kyak!” 

[Dad?] 

“…..What was that?”

 The children that were enjoying attractions, and Yumir who was practicing a battle using his new weapon, as well as Liera who was laying on the bed with a happy expression, were all startled and stood up.

 [Wha, what is it?]

 Mystic asked as their representative. Yu IlHan, with his hands still on the wall, raised his voice to ring out through the entire Fortress and spoke.

 “Rest is over. We’re going over to Breya now.”

 The communication device that was dormant in his pocket for 3 years was emitting vibrations and light like mad right now.

The signal was from none other than Na YuNa.



Chapter 221

“Why would she send a signal after 3 years? Does she know that there was progress between me and IlHan!? Phew, it’s good that I’ve settled everything before it was too late…..”

“Please cut your nonsense.”

Yu IlHan ignored Liera who was wholeheartedly relieved, and spoke to Yumir and the 9,300 members of the Dragon’s army.

“We’re now going over to a world called Bretya. You guys may be able to fight there, or you can just rest the entire time.”

“Hero’s dad is so good.”

“We can do anything!”

Yu IlHan thought that the children were too naïve. Of course, he was thankful that they obediently followed him, but there was a need to teach them logical decisions as well.

“Mir, tell them that they shouldn’t follow other’s words so obediently.”

“Okay, but they are probably listening to you because it’s dad!”

“It would be good if that were the case…..”

If possible, he wanted to take action after equipping all of these children meticulously, and wanted to check up on their parents first……

But if Na YuNa had signalled him after all this time, then it had to be a big matter. There was no time for him to decide on priorities.

He just let Liera cling to him and spoke to the Dragon’s army.

“The skill will soon activate. I’ll have to do something to you guys beforehand so don’t reject it.”

“Yeah!”

“Okay!”

In fact, he had already activated warp. That was because he remembered that it took a long time to activate when he used it once before. Since the skill’s powers were very great, this kind of drawback was nothing.

Thanks to the Record skill, he had plenty of records in order to warp to Breya. So, the only problem was the magic stones needed to go travel between dimensions….

“I’m now going to accept you all as the members of my fleet.”

“What’s a fleet?”

Disregarding the Flying fortress that could leap dimensions with him as it was treated like his equipment, he would have to consume an astronomical number of magic stone to transfer all these members, but right now, that wasn’t exactly the case. The ‘Fleet command’ skill he acquired by getting the Dimensional Traveller class enabled him to use no additional resources in leaping dimensions with his fleet members!

“Okay, I don’t know what it is, but I’ll do it!”

“Wow!”

“But what do we call hero’s dad?”

“Hero is our hero and master!”

The children’s loyalty to Mir was at the level of faith. Yu IlHan also did not plan to control them in any way. Yumir was wise and was very thoughtful, so he would be able to lead the army well without his interference. He only needed to give an order to him.

And so, there was a perfect name for now.

“You can call me…… Captain!”

“Ah, his switch flipped again.”

“Okay, Captain!”

As he had just acquired the class, it was impossible to accept all 9,300 members of the army as the fleet members. However, he somehow could accept 5,000 which was more than half of that, and this basically proved what kind of ridiculous class Dimensional traveller was.

“It looks like I’ll have to spend magic stones for the remaining 4,300…..”

“Will it be fine?”

“Yeah, not only does the cost go down massively thanks to the Dimensional Traveller effects…… I have loads of magic stones at hand.”

“…….”

Yu IlHan replied while letting Liera peek at the contents of the inventory. For a moment, Liera almost mistook that there was another world in his inventory. There was that much mana crammed inside it!”

“Quite a lot, no?”

“Yeah……”

Combining the magic stones he had gathered during the past three years on Earth, and the magic stones Yumir gave him, the number of magic stone he had acquired with Vanguard in total seemed to be insignificant. This was another side of the abnormal development speed of Earth.

“Well, it’s nothing surprising when you think about it has given birth to a 6th class.”

“I can see your legs trembling.”

Liera had not seen so many magic stones in one place even when she was an angel. What if Yu IlHan really started to go to war with the higher existences? She became very afraid. Of course, that didn’t mean she would back out!

“Wow, the castle is trembling!”

“Look at that, the outside is becoming foggy!”

At that time, the warp skill was finally completed. Yu IlHan checked that everyone on the Flying fortress was ready for the warp, and ‘leaped’ with a short shout.

“We’re going!”

[Kyaaak!]

[Kugh, it really is an absurd power…….!]

At that moment, the Flying fortress, Liera, Yumir, the 5,000 members of the fleet, as well as the remaining 4,300 that took part in the warp by consuming magic stones all leaped dimensions with him!

***

Na YuNa decided to acknowledge that she was cornered.

“I should have realized when the priests start looking at me with eyes that became more lewd.”

As she had expected, the emperor of Li Catriana, had immediately advanced his army to invade Elforce as soon as she rejected his proposal. Na YuNa, the pope, and Kang HaJin defended with their own army, and as Breya was a world where the Church of Leytna had the most power in, it was possible to block them somehow.

However, from some time onwards, the power of the church started stumbling. Rumors about the Holy maiden, Na YuNa, started spreading, and their faith in Leytna started shaking. They were prepared for the drop in faith as the war dragged out, but the drop felt too fast.

With their faith wavering, the army became weaker, and soon after, they were being pushed back by the imperial military. Numerous lands were conquered, and citizens that could not flee in time experienced difficulties. Na YuNa clenched her teeth and commanded the army, but the flag of victory had already gone over to Li Catriana’s side.

Traitors emerged rapidly, and some of them even tried to ambush Na YuNa. As she didn’t easily believe in anyone, she was able to prepare countermeasures, but if not for that, the war would have ended in the worst way possible.

The final strike was the 4th Great Cataclysm. The terrain of the continent changed, and countless new monsters emerged. Li Catriana controlled those exact monsters to wipe out the lands. It was at that point that she realized that the Destruction Demon Army was behind them.

With that, matters became clear. Wasn’t there a history of the Destruction Demon Army joining hands with the Army of Brilliant Light just in order to acquire Na YuNa alone? This was merely an extension of that.

Na YuNa was isolated in Breya without being able to go back to Earth. The contract between the Heaven’s Army and each of the worlds had lost its effect as well, and now that the people of Earth could be harmed by the residents, the Destruction Demon Army joined hands with the ruler of the empire.

The probably acted as if they would listen to any wishes of the emperor of Li Catriana…… but they would probably throw him out the moment they procured Na YuNa. To put things simply, the empire, Elforce, and Na YuNa too, were all playing on top of the Destruction Demon Army’s palms. It really was a sigh-inducing matter.

“Sheesh, men are all perverts. Just how many worlds are being dragged into my matter? Why did God have to make me so pretty? Sheesh.”

“YuNa. You really are as haughty as ever.”

The army that believed in the goddess of beauty, Leytna, had currently retreated to the holy region that Yu IlHan had done reconstructions on before. It was also unknown how long the army could hold out for.

The number in the army had also decreased a lot as well. They had all betrayed her. The Destruction Demon Army shook their faiths and destroyed them, surfacing the deep desires of the people. If Elforce was destroyed like this, then this continent would really come to an era of chaos and destruction.

“And they’ll do all sorts of lewd and dirty things to me. Like that ero-doujinshi, or that other ero-doujinshi!”

“A girl shouldn’t say that.”

The one that smacked her on the forehead while saying that was not Kang HaJin but an old lady.

“Hing, Your Holiness, even so…..”

She was no ordinary old lady. Above her white hair was a crown made of holy stones that had red light floating around it. That was the symbol of the supreme authority, the pope, of the Church of Leytna. She was also a legendary beauty of the continent once, and also the one that saw Na YuNa’s potential and made her into the next maiden.

Na YuNa asked while pouting at the pope that still had her calm in this situation.

“Is Your Holiness alright?”

“Well, I’ve lived as long as I need to. I’m just worried about you.”

The pope’s expression turned dark. She stroked Na YuNa’s cheeks with her wrinkled hands, and asked in a small voice.

“YuNa, are you thinking of dying?”

“……”

She was seen through. Na YuNa tried to laugh it over, but that did not work on the pope. She spoke as if consoling her, in a worried voice.

“Although the things you will experience in the future will be very harsh and difficult…… you have to live on to do something. Survive, survive and endure, and you maybe able to meet the person you love someday.”

“…….Your Holiness. I want to live my own life~.”

Na YuNa barely responded after checking that there was no one around. Outside the tent, Kang HaJin and her bodyguards would be guarding them, but they would not be able to hear him.

“I do not want to give myself to them. My life would be over the moment I do. Even if I regain my freedom after a long time, I would probably not be the same me at that time…. I…… hate this. Thinking about how I’ll meet Mr. IlHan at that time….. I’d rather die here and now.”

“YuNa……”

So young. She was that pure, but that weak at the same time. However, the resolve in her eyes was unshakably strong, and the pope realized that the worst case scenario had arrived.

“Aren’t you thinking about death too easily?”

“No, I’ve already thought over this. Now that I feel the power of god, I know that that’s not the end. Although, although I won’t be able to meet Mr. IlHan for a while if I die……”

The name that always popped out from her mouth from sometime onwards. Just hearing her voice that got slightly excited when mentioning her name, her feelings towards that person could be easily estimated.

“Even when you know that, you would……”

“However, I’m still going to kill even one more of those damned piggies if I have to!”

At that time, Na YuNa raised the tension and shouted. She realized that the enemy had arrived.

An aura of pink enveloped her body. The holy power was overwhelming as if the goddess of beauty, Leytna, had descended herself!

The tent opened, and the army centered around the holy region could be seen. Although the army of Elforce was less than 10,000 strong right now. They were all elites of at least 3rd class!

“HaJin-oppa, prepare to fight! Let’s go kill them all!”

“Kugh, I’m preparing!”

Na YuNa’s power that filled the region heightened the battle senses of all other paladins as well. Even though they were at an overwhelming disadvantage now, the reason why the army of Elforce could still endure was because of this.

“The Holy maiden is here! WE! SHALL NOT LOSE TO THOSE IMBECILES!!”

“UOOOOOOOH!”

Unless Na YuNa stopped her holy powers, the paladins would not retreat. They all shouted courageously while holding their shields and spears against the army of the empire that proceeded to the region.

The pope exclaimed while looking at that scene. Even though she had easily lived over 200 years after she had become 4th class, Na YuNa’s holy power eclipsed hers, despite being only 3rd class.

If she could become 4th class, or a higher existence?

Yes. She could not sacrifice her in a place like this. She placed her resolve.

“YuNa, run.”

The pope stepped up. She was also emitting the holy power of Leytna, and amazingly, she was becoming younger as if she was turning back time, as she used her powers. She was emitting all the mana that she had stored using a special method for the past tens of years.

“I’ll block all of them, so you run to a place where they cannot influence you.”

“Your Holiness……?’

Seeing the figure that she had never seen before, Na YuNa became absent-minded. She, who already regained the figure of her mid twenties, had a younger voice as well.

“I’ll show them that my beauty still hasn’t died yet. They will probably be fooled too.”

The pope placed the crown on her head on Na Yuna’s head. The crown represented the church itself, at the same time being the best artifact within the church. The transference of possession happened naturally according to her intentions. The pope, who felt Na YuNa’s eyes trembling, stepped forward with a small smile.

“Well, then, go on, YuNa!”

And at the moment the pope’s words ended.

The final war for the Holy Maiden commenced.



Chapter 222

[It’s the Holy maiden, the holy maiden is here!]

“Charge! Break everything that blocks our way!”

Shouts instantly filled the quiet holy region. The paladins resisted with their shields and spears, but they were having a hard time defending even in this place where their holy power was amplified.

Na YuNa looked at the invaders, as well as the paladins that were doing their best to protect the holy region, the holy maiden, as well as the pope. She couldn’t bear to lift her foot off the ground.

“……I can’t leave.”

“You cannot throw away your limitless potential here. Run away with HaJin. He will protect you well.”

“I can’t do that. I’m the holy maiden. As long as the people try to protect me, I must never be the first to abandon them!”

“No.”

Perhaps the pope gave him a signal? Kang HaJin left the ranks of paladins and approached her.

“The church will only be able to survive if you live on. Her Holiness is saying that. And we all want that to happen.”

“Oppa…….!”

Na YuNa’s voice shook. However, her words could not continue. A giant monster that flew from afar had clashed with the ranks of paladins.

[Kwhaaah!]

[t’s blood! Hihih, it’s the blood of the strong!]

“Kill and trample them all! Break that contemptible symbol of the goddess!”

“The beautiful holy maiden is in front of us! I shall allow a night with the maiden to the one that proves his bravery!”

“Uoooh!”

The army that became stronger than when they fought before, pushed themselves into the holy region. There were three that were easily over level 250!

The paladins tried their best to fight back, but it was impossible. Even with Na YuNa’s blessing, there was a massive gap between them and the paladins.

“YuNa, go before it’s too late!”

Shouted the pope while making her holy powers go wild. Moreover, Kang HaJin ran at her as if he would use force if it came down to it. However, if she left here, the ranks of paladins would crumble instantly. She couldn’t retreat while knowing that.

“No, I don’t want to……! I’ll live my own!”

“Don’t you want to see Mr. Yu IlHan!? You need to survive in order to meet him or do anything!”

At that time Kang HaJin’s voice finally made Na YuNa burst her tear glands. He had basically slapped her face when she wanted to cry.

“I do. I want to see him…….! Isn’t that obvious!”

She was holding onto the communication device as she spoke. Even though she knew that nothing would be solved. She still pressed the button.

[Kgwaaah!]

“Destroy everything! This is the reality of the religion that ruled over you all! It’s utterly, tragically weak and cowardly! The one that lead you all is but a scarecrow!”

“eeek, protect the holy region! Exterminate that felon!”

“YuNa!”

“Then hurry, we have no time to waste!”

“But…….!”

In the past 3 years, she wanted to see him a lot. However, with the communication device he had given her, she could neither see his face, nor hear his voice.

Would he be in any better situation than she is right now? It was a world that made Yu IlHan as strong as he is. He would have a harder time than her if anything! Na YuNa didn’t want to worry him so she didn’t even turn the communication device on until now.

“I want to see him badly, but even so!”

Wouldn’t it be fine to call him for one last time?

Shouldn’t it be fine to tell him the fact that the woman called Na YuNa remembered and longed for him until her death? Wouldn’t Yu IlHan find this much selfishness cute?

“But even so, I!”

“Na YuNa!”

Yu IlHan would definitely do that. Even while acting like it was annoying, he would wordlessly harbor the memories of her in one corner of his heart.

Na YuNa decided to believe so. If not, wouldn’t be able to close her eyes in relief.

Believing that, Na YuNa took a step forward, and shouted as if to shake off all her hesitation.

“I’m the holy maiden of Leytna~!”

The moment her voice echoed in the region, the crown of pope glowed brightly as if it had found its owner after a long wait.

With the temple as the center, the entire holy region trembled as if to answer her.

[Krrr?]

[Resistance, uncomfortable power……!]

That combined with Na YuNa’s overwhelming holy power to amplify each other’s strength, and filled the region. And eventually, the entire holy region was filled with pink aura.

“How, you’re still 3rd class though…..!’

“Lady, Leytna……?”

Kang HaJin and the pope became speechless in that sight. The army that intruded into the holy region was no exception.

“Lady Leytna has……”

“Aah, just what was I doing until now?”

In front of the enormous amount of holy power that was nigh impossible for a single person to emit, everyone lost their will to fight.

Even the monsters retreated so what else was needed to say? The current Na YuNa, emitting an aura while resonating with the entire temple at the center of the holy region, was no different from a god.

[You have mastered the skill, High-class Holy power control. The skill may evolve if you satisfy the evolution criteria.]

[You have mastered the skill, High-class blessing. The skill may evolve if you satisfy the evolution criteria.]

[You have acquired the title, ‘Master of Miracles’. All holy-power-class skills get a 30% boost in effectiveness.]

With enough levels, she would have become 4th class already. The one with the talent to become the hope of Earth if you exclude Yu IlHan – her talent had already blossomed plenty already.

“THERE ARE SO MANY PEOPLE THAT STILL BELIEVE IN ME. I CAN’T POSSIBLY RUN AWAY!”

Na YuNa’s voice thundered across the holy region, carrying with it a throve of holy power that helped her allies recover while weakening her enemies.

“THIS IS THE LIFE I’VE DECIDED ON! I WON’T RETREAT, I WON’T RUN!”

The light intensified. The paladins felt as if their bodies had evolved by a tier. And on the other hand, the enemies were weakened. They did not miss this opportunity for revenge against those that tried to taint the holy region.

“Lady Leytna is watching over us!”

“The voice of the maiden is wrapping us warmly. What do we have to fear! We are protecting true beauty!”

That light definitely would not last forever. Even while knowing that, the paladins raised their morale and defeated the enemies. Right now, everyone was shining brightly. They would also shine brightly until the very moment they die.

“Aaah, aaah.”

“Na YuNa, you idiot……”

Yes, who could stop her stubbornness? They should’ve realized that things would turn out like this from the very beginning.

Kang HaJin turned around with a bitter smile. She was always like this; a princess that would only be satisfied when things went her way. A stubborn kid that had to do what she decided on even if she had to die.

That was why, Kang HaJin liked her alot. To speak the truth, he almost fell in love with her for real several times.

“Mr. Yu IlHan, what are you going to do about this?”

You’ll regret it if you let such a woman die.

Kang HaJin muttered those words that would not be heard by anyone as he turned around. Then, he called for the pope, who was crying while looking at Na YuNa that was resonating with the entire holy region after acquiring the crown of the pope.

“Your holiness.”

“……Yes. Since things came to this, we don’t have any choice. We’ll leave behind the church in our deaths.”

“I’m sorry that the holy maiden is so stubborn.”

“No, that is why I find her more lovely. Fufu, yes. We also need to burn magnificently for one last time!

When the pope stepped forward with her staff, Kang HaJin also raised his sword and shield to protect Na YuNa.

He would not let Na YuNa die at least before he did. Although he was always the dunce with everyone else, at least he has to show a cool side to the holy maiden before his death, like a paladin!

[Whoa, they are all so weak!]

However, it seemed like fate would not let him look cool after all.

[I’ll feel bad to bring out the mirrors…… Since it came to this… Go, master! I choose master!]

“You do it, duh. Do I really have to take my spear out against these weaklings?”

“Oh my, the arrogant IlHan is so cool too!”

Amidst the pink holy region, a giant castle appeared as if it was just born.

The castle cast an enormous shadow on the ground. It was enough to catch everyone’s attention, and when it did, something popped out.

[Tch, master has a lovey-dovey time with a woman while I clean up mobs……! I ! hate! you!]

“Is that a mirror……? But why would a mirror be in the sky?”

The imperial soldier that had the best eyesight realized that it was a big mirror, but did not realize the uses of it.

Even until the moment a portion of the army was wiped out, including himself, by the high-density energy, shot from it.

“……What was that?”

“Just what happened just now?”

This was a very unrealistic scene, so they could only have a hard time processing that information. A mirror? Shot a beam? And vaporized hundreds of people? Even 4th class mages couldn’t accomplish something like that!

[Ei, eih!]

However, the fact that whenever they heard a playful woman’s voice, the mirror changed its trajectory to shoot more beams, was also true. The beam only erased the people from the imperial army! The imperial army only came to themselves after losing tens of thousands of men.

“H, how can this be?”

“Retreat! Announce the retreat of the army!”

[Kwoaaah!]

The battlefield instantly fell into chaos. The imperial army’s ranks all scattered as if their forcefulness in proceeding to Elforce until now was all a lie. They only ran with the single thought that they had to dodge those mirrors.

[I get works like these even in other worlds.]

However, that was not the end. That was because Mystic had retracted all the mirrors after seeing that a massacre was no longer possible.

“Kugh!”

“Kaghk!”

The plants attractions and other tools that composed the garden of the Flying fortress seem to split apart into suitable sizes, before sharpening their edges while falling down to the ground. Although they looked like they were falling everywhere, each and every one of them was aiming for one imperial soldier. This was practically a large-scale sniping operation.

“Ju, just what is…..”

“It’s only attacking the imperial army. Is that the blessing of lady Leytna…..!?’

“Lady Leytna is protecting us!”

The Elforce army that fell into panic like the imperial army at the beginning, saw that the Flying fortress was pinpoint-killing only the imperial soldiers, and recovered their calm and morale. Moreover, there was still Na YuNa’s holy power as well! They would believe it if someone said that Leytna had descended in the form of a castle!

“This can’t happen!”

“Retreat the army first! We need to report to His Majesty first!”

“No, then, my merits will….. Eeek, we need to bring that castle down somehow!”

“Monsters! It’s your turns, move!”

When the unexpected situation had occurred, there were conflicts in the upper echelons of the army as well. Some said that they had to preserver the army, some were blinded by merits, and some thought of using the monsters they received from the Destruction Demon Army! Even while they were having their meeting, the number of the imperial army was decreasing at a frightening rate.

[Kuhaaah!]

[Do not block the sun, do not block our path!]

[Energy, I can feel a lustrous energy from there!]

The monsters over level 250 all started moving. These had made the Elforce army shudder in fear just by existing! The paladins enhanced with holy powers tried to block them while clenching their teeth, but these monsters did not even try to face them.

[Get out……. get lost, from my vision!]

[Kuoooh!]

The monsters leaped up high. The flying fortress’s altitude was not that high right now. They say the ignorant were brave – they did not doubt for a second that they could make the flying fortress fall with their powers.

[Critical Hit!]

However, their bodies simultaneously burst into bits the next moment. Without any signs, they were covered by a brilliant white flame!

“Whew, that much is easy now.”

“I don’t really mind, but isn’t it a little off to swing THAT like you would a toy hammer?”

In the place where the monsters exploded to death, a man was standing. Na YuNa, who was watching the Flying fortress from the moment it appeared, could immediately catch onto his figure.

The man had a tall height, had metallic wings on his back, and was holding a huge hammer that even one thousand burly men wouldn’t be able to lift, with his one hand. The white flame burning at the tip of the hammer was proof that it was him that killed the monsters just now.

[Master, why did you cancel your concealment?]

“The rest of these guys are one-hit-kills even without it.”

[How haughty.]

Na YuNa confirmed the man’s face, as well as his voice. Following that, she checked that she wasn’t under any visual or auditory status ailment, and shouted in the biggest voice she could.

“Mr. ILHAN!”

The man that leapt through dimensions to look for her. The moment he heard that, Yu IlHan turned his head around to meet her eyes. His neither loud nor small voice could be heard in Na YuNa’s ears.

“I’m here. Miss YuNa.”

Na YuNa’s heart thumped. Why was it? He looked like he had become much more handsome when she wasn’t there. There were a lot of things she wanted to say if she got to meet him again, but she had forgotten about all of them the moment she saw his face.

Originally, she shouldn’t be such a character, she should have reacted calmly as if she knew he’d come to find her….. but she couldn’t even flinch as if she was stunned.

“And since you’ve already waited for a long time, wait a little more, alright?”

Yu IlHan gave a cool reply to Na YuNa who froze stiff on the spot, and lifted up his hammer. The hammer of disaster that was over 100m in diameter. Both the imperial army and the Elfroce army couldn’t move due to the sheer pressure from the hammer.

“Let’s talk after I clean these guys up.”

A white flame more magnificent than before once again burned on the tip of the hammer.

Disaster descended upon the land.



Chapter 223

“Haaap!”

When Yu IlHan swung his hammer, everything in its path was erased. It was a too big of a trajectory to be made by a single human. What was more was that the white flames within the attack had spread out and attacked enemies by itself!

“A higher existence?”

“Is that also an angel? But how can an angel fight us!”

“Cheating, that’s cheating!”

The people who couldn’t even recognize if he was a lower existence or a higher one, just jumped around while seeing the results.

“Higher existence? You guys, you haven’t even fought against a higher existence yet……Hhp!”

“Khaaak!”

[Kyak! Kuhk!]

However, nothing would change with those cowards blabbing on their mouths without actually moving. Regardless of what they were thinking, or saying, Yu IlHan only erased the enemies with his hammer.

“Khaaahk!”

“W, we can’t win…….!”

Every time Yu IlHan swung around the hammer lightly as if playing around, the imperial army was being ‘wiped’ away like the bath detergent adverts on TV! Eventually, the white flames covered the majority of the battlefield, and was burning just the imperial soldiers.

“He’s the envoy of the goddess.”

“That beauty, that strength…… He’s definitely the goddess’s envoy!”

“But I think I saw him once before……”

“There’s no way that’s true! He’s the envoy of the goddess!”

No one thought that Yu IlHan, who was wiping out the imperial army with the appearance of the Flying fortress, was the same person as the construction worker that built their temple before. They only thanked the miracle that occurred in front of their eyes, and raised their spears and swords.

“The goddess is with us! Enact justice to those pigs!”

“Uoooh!”

With the Flying fortress and Yu IlHan’s actions, the flag of victory had already come over to Elfroce. There was no turn for Dragon’s Army, much less Mir or Liera.

“Hhp!”

[Here, and there! Don’t run and just die!]

Yu IlHan destroyed the formation of the imperial soldiers, and blew away everyone that he saw. Mystic used the long-range weapons from the Flying fortress to kill the fleeing imperial soldiers. No one could do anything to them, nor could anyone run away with their lives.

If anything was possible for the imperial army, it was to shiver in fear while wishing that their deaths would be delayed as far as possible. What was there to fear about an enemy that lost their will to fight? The Elforce army just needed to take the credit.

“HaJin, do you perhaps know those people?”

“I thought I did, but it looks like I don’t.”

“What do you mean?”

“No, it’s just nonsense.”

Kang HaJin’s voice of reply to the pope sounded very powerless.

He had just resolved himself to die for Na YuNa, but that resolved had crumbled to bits. Of course, with both of them still surviving, there was no better outcome than this, but what was this sense of powerlessness over his body?

Moreover, that castle! That beam! He would be happy if the reinforcements were within his expectations! How was he supposed to react if something that transcended every kind of reason like that, appeared so suddenly!

“Ah, ahhh. Yes, that’s it. Don’t lose.”

However, seeing Na YuNa who was cheering for Yu IlHan with her two eyes following wherever he was, his thoughts disappeared as well. Just how much did she like him to be like that? It even made Kang HaJin’s heart warm.

He explained shortly to the pope that was still full of questions.

“That man, is the man who YuNa loves. He should have come after receiving her call……. Though, I don’t know how he did it.”

“Oh, I thought that YuNa somehow became really docile……. girlie, she was in love with some amazing man.”

Kang HaJin could only agree with the pope. Well, he was amazing alright! The last time he saw him, he wasn’t this amazing though!

The war ended in a mere 30 minutes after his appearance. 190 thousand out of the original 200 thousand were killed, while the remaining 10 thousand was captured; with 100 thousand being killed by the Flying fortress, and 80 thousand killed by Yu IlHan.

This was an overwhelming number, but Yu IlHan’s experience didn’t even go up by 3%. As his level was very high, killing enemies around level 100 wouldn’t give him any experience at all.

“Fuuu.”

“Mr. IlHan!”

After judging that the war was over, he landed on the ground when Na YuNa immediately flew at him. Yu IlHan thought about whether to accept her or not for a moment, before dodging her, but Na YuNa had already changed directions with him as if she knew that he would do that!

“Why did you avoid me!”

“Well, because I have a reason to…..”

Just as Yu IlHan was about to explain the reason while shaking Na YuNa off, he could not continue his words after seeing tears well up in Na YuNa’s eyes. Na YuNa spoke in a sobbing voice.

“I really……. really wanted to see you.”

“Uhm, even if you tell met hat……”

“I really really wanted to see you. Why did you avoid me…”

“……”

When they were separated, she was as haughty as ever. Just what happened within these 3 years for her to become like this?

Yu IlHan looked at Kang HaJin in a plea for help, but he only nodded in satisfaction. To him, who was already in oppa-mode, there was no way Yu IlHan’s feelings could be felt.

[Was master always this popular? Such a pretty woman too.]

[Opposites attract.]

Mystic was surprised at Yu IlHan’s ‘abilities’ once again, and Orochi spat out sage-like words of wisdom. Well, neither of them helped him though. Yu IlHan first consoled Na YuNa even while sighing.

“It looks like it was dangerous. It’s good that you called me after I became able to come over to this side.”

“Yeah…”

“But since everything is over, I wish you would get off me…..”

“Fuuu…….”

Na YuNa no longer replied. Not long after he heard periodic breaths and looked down, and saw that Na YuNa fell asleep in his arms while standing up.

“What the…..”

“Fuuu…….”

After being tense for so long, fatigue had come upon her all at once after she became relieved, and fell asleep. Yu IlHan pitied her before he felt absurd about it. He stroked the sleeping Na YuNa’s head and asked Kang HaJin.

“Just how long had she not slept for?”

“About a week. She pushed herself a little.”

Replied Kang HaJin. Even he had heavy eyelids, and it seemed like he had not slept for a week either. Not only that, the pope, and the other paladins hadn’t slept for a week either. They only endured using holy power until now.

“This won’t do.”

There was a lot he wanted to hear, and say. However, in this situation, no proper conversation would take place. Yu IlHan declared with a firm voice.

“Everyone go to sleep. I’ll listen to your words afterwards.”

“But the imperial army would…..”

“Don’t worry if you mean that weak imperial army in that forest over there.”

Liera, who jumped down from the Flying fortress, splendidly landed next to Yu IlHan and replied instead of him. Wearing the Battle dress made by Yu IlHan, and a spear reborn from the power of the god of love on one hand, she looked very brave and beautiful.

“Ah, beautiful.”

“Perhaps more than our own maiden…… ah, no.”

“To think Lady Leytna made such a beauty again after the holy maiden. Ahh, a new teaching has dawned upon me.”

The paladins that saw a beauty that was blessed by the god of love, and so had a different kind, but not inferior, kind of beauty, sparkled their eyes as expected of the believers of the goddess of beauty, but Liera only looked at the pope without giving them a glance.

“I can take care of them by myself. You’re the bigshot around here, right? Make everyone go to sleep and you have some sleep too. Think about it after you wake up.”

“…….If you say so.”

Realizing that Liera’s words were true, the pope did not reject that. They quickly cleaned up the battlefield, tied up the captives, and made everyone sleep without a single night watch.

“Then see you in a moment. Oh, please take care of our YuNa.”

The pope that had returned to her old age, made a slight smile and headed to the dorms in the temple. At that time, Kang HaJin stayed next to Yu IlHan and the others without sleeping.

“Mr. Kang HaJin looks very tired as well.”

“I still have some words to say.”

Kang HaJin looked around to see that there were no others before bowing towards Yu IlHan.

“Thank you very much. We’ve given you so many hindrances until now but you still came to another world to save us…..”

“……I think a similar thing happened before.”

“Now that you mention it, that’s true.”

Kang HaJin lifted his head and exchanged slight smiles with Yu IlHan. He saw that Na YuNa was still sleeping within Yu IlHan’s arms and made a thicker smile.

“Please take care of YuNa. Personally, I want to make you take care of her future…..”

“No, I already……..”

When Yu IlHan found it awkward, Kang HaJin tilted his head. However, when Liera wordlessly leaned against Yu IlHan quietly and looked at Kang HaJin, he finally realized what was happening and his face turned stiff.

“How can this be, no……. ugh. If that’s the case I can’t do anything…..”

“Although I won’t be able to say it to her now since she’s in a weakened state both of her mind and body…..”

“Hmph.”

To think Yu IlHan had a lover. And she was a beauty that did not lose out to Na YuNa at all despite the fact it’s the first time he saw her!

Kang HaJin became very awkward. It was not because Yu IlHan already had a lover.

“YuNa, this girl, won’t give up so easily.”

Wasn’t she the girl who would die to live her way? Thinking back to how she was stubborn until the very end, he naturally came up with that conclusion.

Moreover, Yu IlHan wouldn’t be aware of this, but Yu IlHan was Na YuNa’s first love. Meaning, that it was unknown how she would act towards Yu IlHan in the future.

Of course, as Yu IlHan didn’t know that Na YuNa had such a side, he lightly laughed over Kang HaJin’s worries.

“I’m planning to say it when Miss YuNa calms down later. There should be lots of other men who are more attractive than me in the world. Miss YuNa will find her own new lover sooner or later.”

“Hmph, I’ll only trample on her if she still tries to.”

“Don’t kill her, okay……?”

Even the mighty Liera could not throw Na YuNa off Yu IlHan’s arms right now. Yu IlHan found that fortunate and lifted her up for real. He was planning to let her sleep in a proper place and not in his arms.

“You have some sleep too, Mr. Kang HaJin. We’ll do the night watch.”

[You’re just pushing it all to me though!]

“Sharp.”

Kang HaJin wanted to ask about the Flying fortress, but thought about his current situation and just turned around after swallowing his question. Yu IlHan saw him off and first returned to the Flying fortress with Liera.

“It’s a pretty noona!”

“Captain, what are we doing here?”

“Can I play on that again?”

These kids were still full of energy even though they played on those for three days straight. Yu IlHan made a small laugh and nodded. They would become busy soon. Rest was best taken satisfactorily.

“Hmmm.”

Perhaps due to all the noise, Na YuNa mumbled in her sleep in Yu IlHan’s arms. Looking at her provoked his male instincts, Yu IlHan thought that she would have a very harsh life ahead of her even though this was nothing new.

Just what kind of man would be able to let her live freely by herself in this world? Before the Great Cataclysm, she was relatively safe as her family had political power, but from now, she would have to endure with her power alone. The three years she spent here would also have been very arduous for her. It wasn’t surprising that she burst out crying when she saw him.

“Y, you really like that woman? More than me? Because of that first kiss?”

“How many times do I have to say no?”

“……But it is true that that woman is more special than the others, right?”

“The most special one to me is you.”

Yu IlHan entered one of the guest rooms and let Na YuNa lay on the bed before covering her with blanket. He also smacked Liera on the forehead to calm her down when she was thinking about if she had to assassinate Na YuNa here and now.

“Ouch.”

“I’ll be off then so guard well with Mystic here.”

“Go? Where?”

Yu IlHan shrugged his shoulders at Liera’s question. As if asking if she didn’t know it already.

“Isn’t the Li Catriana-whatever empire cooperating with the Destruction Demon Army? What do you think, then, is in the main camp of the empire?”

“Fatsos?”

“That’s true, but there’s something else as well.”

“Monsters?”

“Evolve them a little.”

“…….Don’t tell me you’re going there to assassinate higher existences?”

“…….”

Yu IlHan didn’t deny that. Timing was crucial in life. Now that the higher existences still weren’t wary of him, it was a good time to kill them!

“You, that’s……”

Liera thought about how foolish that kind of thinking was, but when she actually thought about it, she found out that there was no way Yu IlHan would fail.

“*Sigh*. Although this isn’t really possible, you have to run away if there’s a 6th class, okay?”

“Of course.”

“Dad, can I go as well?”

Yumir, who was listening obediently the whole time, suddenly asked. Yu IlHan pondered for a moment, but that didn’t last long.

“Yes, it’s also about time for Mir to experience it.”

“Don’t speak like you’re teaching him to drink soju!”

“Yay!”

“And you don’t be happy either, Mir!”

Yu IlHan and Yumir joyfully left the Flying fortress, disregarding Liera. Yumir changed into a dragon and started flying fast with his dad on top. With the mastered concealment of the two harmonizing and emphasizing each other, they became faint even while she saw them off.

“*Sigh*. That worst tag-combo had finally formed…..”

[Just how are they able to conceal themselves when I’m staring holes in them!?]

While Liera sighed and Mystic was shocked, the father and son flew rapidly to their destination.

At this point, there were a total of four Destruction demon soldiers in Breya.



Chapter 224

“Mir really is fast.”

[I became really fast!]

Yu IlHan couldn’t help but exclaim as he rode on Yumir’s back. Although the speed was slightly slower than when he stacked several mid-air leaps, Yumir’s speed that utilized the power of wind to the extreme had a much more natural charm to it

“I wish I can go around the world like this.”

[I also feel like I became stronger with dad here!]

“That’s not a mistake.”

The Dragon-man resonance that he had acquired as he became a Dragon rider – that enhanced his abilities by 10% when fighting with a dragon, and an additional 10% when he fought on a dragon’s back.

Yumir was subordinated under Yu IlHan’s Rule skill, so there was an additional 10%. So, Yu IlHan’s battle capabilities would increase by 30% just by riding on Yumir’s back!

This applied to not only Yu IlHan, but Yumir as well. However, until now, Yumir was not an adult dragon, nor was there a lot of need for them to fight together, so they couldn’t utilize that until now.

[Dad is really amazing!]

“Mir is plenty amazing too. Let’s stay together from now on, ok?”

[Yeah!]

Yu IlHan patted Yumir’s head. His figure, clad in light-golden scale, was very beautiful and made Yu IlHan’s heart warm. He thought that it would be good to have a father-son time like this in the future.

The problem, was that the placing they were heading to while conversing, was the enemy headquarters where the Destruction demon army would be residing.

[Dad, I can feel several strong auras.]

“That’s true.”

A very violent and rough mana was floating around unpleasantly on one spot, and it was very similar to the aura that Yu IlHan had felt once before in Dareu. Yumir immediately cowered after realizing that their opponent was stronger than him, but Yu IlHan immediately calmed him down.

“Dad is stronger so don’t worry about it.”

[…Yeah.]

Yu IlHan took out the Eight-tailed dragon spear from his palm and gripped it. With the option from the Infernal dragon body, 20% of the defense stat would be added onto the attack power of the spear, so just taking that out made Yu IlHan’s aura of pressure increase by several times. Although, his enemies would not know that even when they died.

He wanted to fly for a little more, but unfortunately, the enemy headquarters was not that far away. As the majority of Elforce had been conquered already, they had destroyed an entire city and made it their headquarters.

“*Yaaawn* The battle sure is taking a long time.”

“There should be a mid report, but why isn’t there any signs of it?”

“They said the holy region is a danger zone. Doesn’t the fact that His Majesty did not go there personally also imply that?”

“It’s amazing that he came all the way here with us anyway. Does he want the Holy maiden so much?”

“I once saw the Holy maiden from afar. I collapsed on the spot because my legs became powerless. I can even accept why they were believing in her like a god.”

“Dammit, if only I could go to bed with a woman like that too…..”

The guards were very lax. Well, it was no wonder, since, not only were there no enemies around, an army of two hundred thousand had gone to finish off the remaining enemy forces. Never would they know that a Flying fortress appeared out of nowhere and obliterated all of them.

However, this was still too much.

“The army’s morale, and the state of the army too…… Are there no strong beings among the humans?”

The number of 4th class humans he had sensed only amounted to three. It was a little too weak to be called the elites of the army. Well, there were twelve whole 4th class monsters, so their actual battle power would be significant, but monsters were, in the end, forces of the Destruction Demon Army.

Perhaps they died in the war with Elforce, or only three were deemed enough and were sent here, or perhaps they made them return to the capital because of some issues. Yu IlHan’s judgement came to that.

“If it’s not any of those three……”

Yu IlHan laughed while thinking ‘what if’. In that case, his judgement of the emperor of Li Catriana would increase a little, but that was it. The Destruction Demon Army were not idiots either…..

Thinking that he may have missed a very interesting scene, Yu IlHan even felt a little unfortunate.

Meanwhile, there were a total of three 5th class that were estimated to be from the Destruction Demon Army, within the headquarters of the imperial army. It looked like they had lowered their guard against lower existences on some other world, as they were really far apart from each other.

Well, there was no way they would know that there was an enemy they could not fight against unless all three of them fought at once, but they were still too far apart from each other.

“Or, they might be watching the imperial army……”

[Aren’t they on the same side?]

“Probably not anymore, soon enough.”

What the Destruction Demon Army wanted was Na YuNa, and what the emperor wanted was also Na YuNa. And, it was likely that they knew of each other’s needs.

At first, they would have gone into an alliance while deceiving each other, but the story would change once they procured Na YuNa. A really interesting scene would happen just because of Na YuNa alone.

Well, if Yu IlHan wasn’t here, that is.

“Let’s take care of the Destruction Demon Army first and erase the rest afterwards.”

[Dad, there’s protection magic installed here so we might get found out if we go in.]

Yumir worried about the protection magic. From the structure and the quality and quantity of mana inside the protection magic, Yu IlHan realized that this magic was not tinkered by the Destruction Demon Arm in any way, and spoke while stroking his head once more.

“That magic won’t recognize us.”

[Really?]

“Of course.”

Well, if it was Yumir alone, then maybe. The protection magic, made with tens of 4th class magic stones, was definitely sturdy, and was emitting an aura as if it would not let anything in. However, to Yu IlHan, who had mastered even the advanced version of concealment, any kind of magic was laughable for him.

Moreover, his concealment was harmonizing with Yumir’s own concealment to amplify the effects to drop their presences to below zero. Two ordinary people wouldn’t be able to do that, and it was only possible because it was a dragon and his rider!

“Consider the protection magic non-existent. If I give you the signal, you just need to charge towards the leftmost guy, okay?”

[Okay!]

Yumir’s voice also no longer contained any nervousness. With him alone, he would have run away immediately, but his dad was invincible! Seeing a bright white flame on the already frightening spear, his conviction only increased.

[Yup, dad is here so it’s alright!]

“That’s the spirit. Well, then.”

Yu IlHan lowered his posture and leaned forward on Yumir’s head. Orochi’s consciousness focused on the tip of the Eight-tailed dragon spear, and Eternal Flame, which had moved to the tip of the spear, sharpened the white flames.

At this moment, the three were of one will. A trinity of consciousness only possible because Yu Ilhan was a deathgod that wielded souls. The ones that faced him would have to worry about the shock on the soul rather than the body.

“Let’s go.”

The moment Yu IlHan whispered that, Yumir changed all of his mana into wind and pushed his body into the ground!

[Just before the collision…….Now!]

Yu IlHan, with his eyes wide open, calculated the distance between him and the enemy, broke through the protection magic, broke through the ceiling of the tent, and shot his spear on the head of the 3m tall monster that was sleeping on a custom-made bed!

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical ……]

[Cri……..]

[Khak!?]

The moment it opened its eyes after noticing the surprise attack, everything was too late.

[You, are…….?]

It barely opened its eyes and looked at Yu IlHan and Yumir who broke through the tent. Yu IlHan thought that a higher existence was really amazing. Well, it was no wonder, since just now, he had deployed the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory to pierce seven holes on its body including through the head and the heart, and slashed apart the head, the chest, and the stomach.

Since he didn’t know the weak points, he would just start off by slicing everything apart! Well, Yu IlHan’s worries weren’t that off the mark, and it looked like this guy had a strong life force that still did not die after its brain was messed up, heart had exploded, and its spine had been snapped, as well its whole body being cut into three.

[Quite, definitely, amazingly, strong guy, but…..]

Even while he thought that the severed head was speaking on its own was quite freaky, the severed parts were being reattached. But Yu IlHan was no idiot.

“Strong guy, but what?”

[Eeek? Kihik?]

All of his spear strikes contained the white flame, and by itself was tremendously powerful already, but with the fire attribute boost from Yu IlHan, the white flames hindered the recovery of the body and burned stickily to give additional damage.

“Strong guy but what? ‘You still can’t win against me?’ Or is it ‘My ally will come here soon?’ Say something. Like if you hid a bomb under the bed, or if you are holding onto my precious ring.”

[Kugh, khk……!]

It probably planned to butcher Yu IlHan to pieces while recovering, but the white flames that were still leeching off the mana from its body, did not only not go out, but was spreading. Of course, reinforcements would arrive since Yu IlHan and Yumir’s concealment had worn off…..

“Let’s finish it before it get’s annoying.”

Yu IlHan licked the green blood on the tip of his spear. The monster that was severed to three parts laughed its heart out after seeing that. It had judged that Yu IlHan had done something amazingly stupid.

[You, that! Kuhahahahah! Foolish, arrogant being!]

“Hhmmm.”

Yu IlHan ignored its nonsense and tried to taste the blood as detailed as possible in order to analyze and add onto his record.

[The skill, Record, has become level 3.]

The poison would be unbearable to those that did not master Extreme poison resistance. However, it also had the power to give out infinite regenerative ability to the owner of that blood, while generating mana on its own.

Well, then. What else.

[You, how are you not falling down……?]

“Ahah.”

Yu IlHan looked at the armored tail that protruded from the rear area and was swinging around as he picked up his spear again.

“Your tail is your weak point, huh?”

[!?]

At the moment Yu IlHan said the severed head and the upper torso immediately charged at him. However, Yu IlHan kicked off from Yumir’s head to come down to dodge that and threw his Eight-tailed dragon spear.

While Yumir was generating wind to hold it back, the Eight-tailed dragon spear drew a comet-like trajectory with white flames covering it, to slice apart the tail.

[Kyaaak!]

The moment the tail was ripped apart, it blew a large quantity of blood into the air, but with the white flames spreading into the air as well, the blood instantly evaporated.

That was it. Without being able to scream a single word more, it just collapsed on the ground and died. The scene of three separate body parts collapsing at once was quite funny.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have become level 272. 3 strength, 2 Agility, 2 Health, 3 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 317 Blatail.]

Two level ups at once. And this was after he shared the experience with Yumir. Well, the fact that higher existences gave much more experience than lower ones was one reason, but it was also because Yu IlHan’s experience was almost nearing level 271.

[Dad! I levelled up twice at once!]

“You’ll level up faster from now on.”

Yu IlHan put the three parts, well, four including the tail, into his inventory, and also collected the blood scattered on the ground. This was 27 seconds after Yu IlHan and Yumir had ripped into the tent.

[They should’ve realized, right?]

“They should’ve realized that their ally died. That’s why they’re running away like that, right?”

[They’re running away!?]

“Of course.”

How could they be so pitiful. The two remaining higher existences was escaping their posts after meeting up as soon as they confirmed the death of their ally! And this was after they knew that their opponent was a lower existence! They could have tried to fight the two together!

This was outside of Yu IlHan’s expectations. And so, he sighed.

“Mir, let’s hurry.”

[Okay!]

Yu IlHan kicked off the ground to get on Yumir’s head again. At that time, the imperial army also realized that there was an intrude, and became really noisy, but Yu IlHan couldn’t care less about how they reacted.

[Uhaaap!]

Yumir gathered the wind and made the explode behind his wings to accelerate rapidly. They once again lifted off through the tent! The imperial soldiers that gathered were scared out of their wits.

“D, dragon.”

“Oh my god. To think dragons exist for real…..!”

“Wait there’s a man above the dragon…… damn, it’s too faint, I can’t see him!”

“Too fast…..! They escaped this place already! Just what were they trying to do here!?”

Yu IlHan lifted his head and checked the horizon. The two higher existences did run really far, but he could check on their figures right now.

“Mir, can you catch up?”

[I can.]

Confidently declared Yumir. In fact, he was substituting all his mana into wind to push himself forward!

[I can go even faster!]

At that moment, the Breath of Gold that covered his body seemed to make another pair of wings before the already fast speed increase twofold. Yumir really felt as if he was the ruler of all wind!

Yu IlHan, feeling a new sense of speed, felt very good and poised himself with a smile.

“Good, concealment is back on again…..”

The sound of wind bursting out was very loud, but despite that, the two’s presences still disappeared. The two higher existences started to slow down, thinking that Yu IlHan had given up pursuit!

Soon, the distance between the two groups shortened rapidly, and they were at a point where Yu IlHan could throw a spear to knock one of them out. Although a close range battle was good as well, they were also in a good post to try out a long-range strike from here.

However, just as Yu IlHan was agitating his mana in his body, he could hear the conversation between the two higher existences.]

[Just how could a lower existence kill Blatail……]

[I do not know that either. I thought only Yu IlHan from Earth could do something like that……]

[Don’t you think it’s him?]

[No way, he cannot escape Earth. Although the Heaven’s Army are damned beings, they at least would not lie in the negotiation table.]

“…….”

[Dad?]

When Yu IlHan didn’t say anything, Yumir became worried and called out to him. However, Yu IlHan just nodded and replied calmly.

“Let’s think about it after we get those guys.”

Normally, in a novel, the main character would panic upon the realization of the betrayal of an ally, and end up stepping on a twig or dropping his weapon to alert his presence, but Yu IlHan didn’t move from the spot and imbued mana into his spear before throwing it against the enemy!

[Critical Hit!]

[Khaaak!]

“Fuu, how dare you try to make me into a stereotypical protagonist.”

[Dad is so cool!]

The loner life. As he was always struck on the back of the head, this much betrayal was nothing. Yu IlHan fought against foreshadows today and came out victorious once again!



Chapter 225

[You have earned experience.]

[You have become level 273. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 311 Arreyal.]

Yu IlHan’s spear did not end with just piercing the enemy. He thought it was lucky when a critical hit popped up, but it looked as if he had pierced the enemy’s weak point, as he just killed it off like that! With this Deathgod skill still active as he killed it with one strike, this was very profitable.

[Arreyal!? Arreyal! Kugh, is it the enemy? Where are you!]

The higher existence whose head looked similar to a shark’s looked around in fear when it saw that its ally had died but still could not find the attacker.

However, if it attacked and a lower existence was harmed, then it would be considered as going against the rules of the Destruction Demon Army, and it would immediately fall back into a lower existence! If anything was possible, it was to run away as soon as possible from that spot.

[Shit, just what kind of monster is it…..! No, naturally-occurring doesn’t even make sense! Shit, shit!]

It also seemed to realize that nothing it thought of was possible, and started to run away after turning around. It looked like it would leave the world just like that…… but no matter how fast it ran, it could not outrun Yu IlHan and Yumir.

“Well, then.”

Yu IlHan first collected the corpse of Arreyal that was falling to the ground, and spoke to Mir while stroking his head, when he was flying towards that guy’s back.

“Mir, let’s do some practice. I showed you twice, so you can do it, right?”

[B, but it’s too scary…… I can’t kill that.]

“You can’t kill it with a single strike anyway. So, let’s aim for a critical hit as the first objective. You have the Superhuman strength and Critical hit skills, right?”

[Yeah, I’m almost near mastering both of them. And I also have lots of other supportive abilities]

“Good, splendid.”

One of the OP skills Yumir had inherited from Yu IlHan was the Superhuman strength skill. Other than that, he also had ‘Dragon force’ that amplified his magic and strength. He had got this when he had reached 4th class. Superhuman strength was originally a skill that was not allowed to a dragon, but to Mir who was a half-blood, it was possible to inherit the Superhuman strength skill from Yu IlHan. Lecidna was a really wise dragon!

In the same principle, dragons are born unable to learn the Rest skill and hence the Transcendent regeneration skill, but with Mir inheriting the Rest skill from Yu IlHan, his Rest skill was at level 91 right now.

If Yumir mastered the Rest skill, and evolved it to acquire Transcendent regeneration, when he already had his unique skill, Dragonblood regeneration, then he might perhaps gain an even more absurd regenerative capabilities than Yu IlHan himself.

“Ok, the first is to observe everything as closely as possible. All moving creatures have a weak point after all.”

[Yeah.]

Even while flapping his wings, Yumir’s sight locked onto the enemy. Focusing on the enemy, Yumir’s flight speed instead became faster.

“There should be the point of attack which should be the most effective. It will also be good to observer the pattern of movement of its mana. It’s easy to observe since it’s desperately running away while emitting all its mana, right?”

[Yeah, it’s too strong, but I think I see it.]

Originally, it was impossible for even dragons to read the mana pattern of a higher existence, but as the enemy was currently running away disregarding everything, it was very easy. Yumir’s eyes glistened.

[I decided on where to attack.]

“Activate all methods that can enhance your attack and focus it on one point.”

[Got it.]

“And when you’re ready, attack immediately. Dad will immediately cover for you so don’t worry about what will come after and strike to your heart’s content.”

[Okay!]

Yumir sped up one last time and prepared to attack with his front claw. Unlike the dragons Yu IlHan had met in Dareu, his front claws were thicker and compared to those dragons, and the Breath of Gold that covered his front claw pulsed in a mysterious way to make the claw part longer and sharper.

[Fuuuh.]

Yumir’s claw became longer than most weapons now! At the tip of it, wind was concentrated. Wind, compressed to the point of materializing, covered his claw in several layers, and each layer spun around the claw at each different directions to make a frightening sound. Yu IlHan couldn’t help but ask after seeing that. 

“Is that a magic you’ve created……?”

[Yeah, it’s a magic that became possible thanks to Breath of Gold! I can now use it in real battle thanks to my control over wind increasing!]

Replied Yumir in a bright voice, but looking at his claw, it didn’t look as easy as that. Yu IlHan thought that his son was a little frightening ever since he came to be, but that was no different from how others saw him normally.

[Theeen……. Eih!]

The moment magic and skill achieved a perfect harmony, Yumir folded his wings for a final spurt! Coincidentally, the enemy had exhausted itself a little and slowed down slightly, and as if he had aimed for that moment, Yumir struck his claw into its neck!

[Critical Hit!]

[Kuhahk!?]

Yumir’s ambush was perfect. It looked like his skills facing the demon monsters before 4th class didn’t go anywhere, or perhaps it was just that his abilities that were enhanced while battling with Yu IlHan had taken effect. His strike just blew the enemy away.

The enemy flew away like it would become a star in the sky, but soon stopped using its own power to fix itself in mid air. However, the blue blood that scattered in the air in the trajectory, was a proof of the seriousness of the injury.

[Kuuugh! You attacked me! Khak!]

The moment the claws struck, the tens of layers of wind drilled through and grinded the enemy’s neck, and thanks to that, the part where it connected the head and the body became tattered. Although there was no need to mention about the sturdy life force of higher existences, with the amount of blood spurting out the wound, it even made them wonder if it would die from bleeding.

[Hing, it didn’t die after all!]

“It’s fine. You’ve done well.”

The moment he finished the surprise attack, Yumir quickly retreated while covering his body in membranes of wind. It was 85 points out of 100 at least with him preparing for failure as well.

If it was Yu IlHan, he would attack once more somehow, but finding an opening the moment the enemy receives a critical hit, but taking a defensive stance like Yumir was not bad at all. He was planning to tell him the rest while studying the fight later.

[I’ll kill you!]

Meanwhile, the ‘shark’ that was blown away after a critical hit, immediately enlarged its body the moment it confirmed Yu IlHan and Yumir’s figures. Since it fulfilled the condition of self-defense, it could now use its powers as a higher existence! As the two were in a party, it could also attack Yu IlHan without any drawbacks.

[That figure…… so you’re Yu IlHan!]

“Correct.”

[Since your only ability of surprise attack had turned out to be a failure, what will you do now! I’ll make you pay the compensation for baring your teeth at a higher existence!]

“Well, try all you want.”

It was bringing up its mana in its body in rage, but Yu IlHan just spoke a simple answer and picked ups his spear. At that moment, white flames spread around into the air. The ‘shark’ felt the flames’ ‘league’ and finally realized that something was wrong.

[This aura is……!?]

“But you aren’t going to be able to run away either.”

Falling Down was a skill that could be activated on the ground, under the sea, or in mid-air. The moment the skill activates, the region around Yu IlHan becomes his domain, the enemies inside will drop in a league, and no matter how much they struggled in order to escape, the resentful souls within the domain would not let it go.

[My, my mana is……. my league is…..!?]

“Hhp!”

Chains made of thought-souls, flames, poison, and curses reached out from all around to bind it all around. Yu IlHan picked up his spear and put strength into his arms. The power that he could freely use within the domain of Falling Down, God Force, had activated to amplify his strength beyond its limits.

[Th, the attack just now wasn’t from you! It was from the dragon, a mere ride!]

“That’s very rude. Mir.”

[I’m my dad’s son!]

Shouted Yumir as he shouted. Thinking of the day where he could kill a higher existence on his own, he supported his dad to his fullest for now!

“Thanks for the experience!”

[Eih!]

The power of wind Yumir possessed spread to the flame on Yu IlHan’s speartip and enhanced it. Wind and fire, the affinity of those two were perfect! The flame that went beyond white into translucent looked beautiful as well.

[H…….how, my skill, my magic!]

The ‘shark’ tried to resist and agitated its mana, but the downfall of a league was a much more serious problem than on the surface. The completed magic, or its techniques, weren’t enough to liberate it! Without being able to counterattack once, it was about to be defeated, shaming its name of a higher existence.

[Your woman!]

Feeling death approaching, the ‘shark’ shouted loudly.

[You’re not worried about your woman?]

Just before he struck the spear on its neck, Yu IlHan replied while tilting his head.

“My woman is the strongest woman in this world right now, though?”

[Na YuNa! My ally already has already procured her. You’ve failed the moment you came here!]

“Ooooh, I was wondering what you were going to say.’

Yu IlHan just laughed and swung his spear to kill it. Although he knew from the time it was weakened after its neck was severed, it was a relatively ordinary being who would die with its neck severed.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 309 Sharkilton.]

“Unfortunately.”

Muttered Yu IlHan while he collected its corpse.

“Your ally had failed the moment it arrived there.”

Of course, not that the dead would hear him or anything….. Yu IlHan stretched his arms to remove God Force, and cancel Falling Down. As his mana was being consumed rapidly, he felt a little tired, but with his mana recovery rate being extreme, that only lasted for a mere moment.

[It looks like there are more higher existences, dad.]

“Let’s give that to Liera. We can’t take everything.”

[Okay!]

Yu IlHan thought that the empire would also have mobilized its army. They probably tried to steal Na YuNa away from their watch. However, the Destruction Demon Army would have realized that and would also try to steal them back with their monsters……

“See, I knew that place would have the most interesting scene. Such a pity.”

[Are you going there too?]

“No, we….”

Spoke Yu IlHan while stroking Yumir’s head.

“Will go after we clean up the imperial army.”

Meanwhile, near the entrance of the Holy region, the ‘interesting scene’ that Yu IlHan had expected, was folding out.

[Humans really are interesting creatures. Were they born with a passive skill to repay gratitude as vengeance?]

“The emperor wishes for the holy maiden. I thought our agreement was that you will not touch the holy maiden……!”

The 4th class elites belonging to the empire, and the agile and strong 4th class monsters were facing off with each other, while the knight commander and the higher existence belonging to the Destruction Demon Army was glaring at each other.

[That is the spoils of war for us, the Destruction Demon Army. How dare a mere lower existence try to snatch the woman blessed by the goddess of beauty?]

“However, that was our contract. The contract between us, and the Destruction Demon Army!”

[You dare think that you lower existences can make a contract with us on an equal footing? Truly arrogant.]

The humans aimed to snatch the holy maiden away when the battle was almost over, but the Destruction Demon Army who saw through them, lead their monsters to block their path to the holy region. From that moment, the current situation came about. The pressure from each side was so strong that they didn’t even notice what was happening in the holy region right now.

“eeek, you weren’t planning to have a proper conversation with us in the first place…..!”

[My, aren’t you quick.]

“Hmph, no matter how strong you are, we are aware that you cannot use your powers against us first! What are you doing! Kill these monsters and let’s go get the Holy maiden!”

[Kukuku. You’re taking these monsters too easily, when they’ve received the blessings from us Destruction Demon Army. Do you really think that I would have to use my powers against you maggots?]

As their conversation was running parallel, battle would soon ensue! The strongest elite corps of the empire and the monsters of the Destruction Demon Army candidates battled. They didn’t even know what was going around them!

Perhaps due to the vicious battle, the higher existence was slightly too late in noticing the presence of the Flying fortress that floated above its head. The movements of the Flying fortress was very secretive and it would not have realized if it was participating in the battle.

[What, is this…..?]

[What do you mean what! It’s a beam of course!]

[Kuaaahk!]

The higher existence forgot about the situation it was in and muttered, but after being hit by the focused laser beams from all the mirrors of Hundred Eyes, its consciousness jumped back.

[Fallen angel! Although it’s slightly different, this is the power of a fallen angel! Dammit, you humans had other plans!]

It let its guard down as it did not imagine for a second that it would be injured! However, fortunately, it did not receive a life-threatening strike and took out its weapon. Now was not the time to care about mere humans!

[Come out, I’ll butcher you all!]

“Eih!”

However the moment it raised its weapon while gritting its teeth, a playful woman’s voice was heard, and at the same time, its weapon was severed in half.

[…….Haa?]

It widened its eyes in disbelief for a moment, but that did not last long either. Its body was also severed in half like the severed weapon.

“Fuu.”

Following that, Liera, clad in the Feather of Temptation, landed on that spot. She looked at the bisected higher existence but still grumbled in dissatisfaction.

“Tch, before, a finger would have been enough for this guy.”

Grumbling lightly, Liera shook off the blood on her spear and spun it around to stab it into the ground, when a giant wave did the final strike on the bisected body.

[Kahak!]

[You have earned experience.]

“Good, it’s over.”

There was a famous line by Yu IlHan that Liera liked. ‘It’s not over until the exp comes in’ – it was this phrase. Just repeating those words three times a day made her not lose against anyone!

[Krrr…….!?]

“It’s the Holy maiden? The holy maiden killed a…..!”

“W, we need to catch her.”

“No, that’s not her. That woman is not the Holy maiden!”

[Khaaahk!]

The ones that did not know the appearance of the Holy maiden mistook the beautiful figure of Liera to be the Holy maiden, and the ones that knew her appearance, was shocked at the fact that there was someone as beautiful as her in this world.

“Come at me.”

Of course, Liera couldn’t care less about what they thought of. She just thought about how much experience she would gain if she killed them all, and picked up her spear. 

“I’ll end it painlessly.”



Chapter 226

Na YuNa woke up in a great mood. The fatigue that had haunted her mind and body had completely disappeared, and as such, she was feeling very comfortable now.

“Hi, how are you feeling?”

Then, her mood rapidly dropped after seeing the woman next to her bed.

“……Not that great.”

“Are you still feeling bad?”

“Hmmm.”

The two pairs of wings which she used to be so proud of were nowhere to be seen, and she was wearing a light pink dress that glistened with a mysterious glow.

The overwhelming pressure from being in the same area had disappeared, and she felt as if she was an ordinary human and not an angel. No, well, the power and beauty she possessed were definitely not ordinary, though.

Na YuNa realized and accepted that Liera had become a lower existence.

“Were you here all this time?”

“No, I took care of some intruders mid way.”

“Where is Mr. IlHan?”

“To beat up the Destruction Demon Army. He’ll probably take care of the imperial army while he’s at it.”

So that was why it was not Yu IlHan but Liera that was watching over her. Na YuNa asked questions once again.

“He said to protect me, didn’t he?”

“Not you but the holy region itself.”

“How is Mr. IlHan in bed?”

“He turns frightening and is very proactive, and the bliss is indescr……. whoa!?”

Liera covered her mouth, but Na YuNa had already acquired the information she needed. She sighed while muttering.

“So you two ended up like that after all. I did think it was going to happen somehow when I was expelled from Earth……”

“…….You really think fast.”

Liera was shocked at Na YuNa’s ability to verify the truth in an instant with just small hints and collapsed on the spot. Then, she thought back to that time and jousted YuNa.

“Then you still took his fir… first kiss even while knowing that!””

“There will be only the two of you left, and you like each other, so naturally there will be progress. Though, I really didn’t want that to happen…… and I even put a stamp on him too. *Sigh*, if I hadn’t been expelled from Earth, I could take the lead.”

“Y, you…..”

Liera decided to fix her opinion of Na YuNa being a pure and naïve kid. This girl was the devil! She even had the urge to lift the blanket up to see if there was a tail or not!

“I’m a lower existence now…… if you dare, I can beat you up.”

“Nuuu, a certain someone was just stolen of her first love, and now that the woman who stole the first love is threatening me. I really want to cry in sadness alright!”

As Na YuNa really had tears in her eyes, Liera became silent. However, Na YuNa realized that Liera was being considerate of her, so she wiped the tears off and laughed.

“It’s fine~. It’s not like Mr. IlHan and I were dating.”

“But……”

“And it’s not like goals don’t go in just because there’s a goalkeeper.”

“Hey!”

When Liera was really about to take her spear out, Na YuNa burst out laughing.

“It’s a joke. I also don’t like people who hate me. In fact, it hurts my pride too. So I’ll stay still for now.”

“Why do you keep room for everything?”

“I have something to do from now so please get out for a little. I’m going to pray to Lady Leytna to make you and Mr. IlHan break up.”

“Good, I’ll kill you here and now.”

[You guys get along well.]

Mystic snorted at the two who were quarreling. She thought she’d see a more bloody scene, but it was much less intense than she had expected!

“We’re never going to break up so stop dreaming.”

“Well, you might say that, but I don’t know about him! I’m much younger and more pretty after all!”

“You are so dead!”

If she could read the minds of Liera and Na YuNa who were playing around, she wouldn’t think to that extent, but unfortunately, Mystic wasn’t so mature yet.

Yu IlHan arrived around that time.

“Oh, Miss YuNa. You were up.”

“You’re back.”

“Mr. IlHan……..”

Seeing Yu IlHan enter the room, Na YuNa became absent minded again.

“Looks like your fatigue has been relieved. So the blessing of the goddess of beauty is OP after all.”

“……Yes. I think so.”

He really was handsome. Perhaps the lense on her eyes had become thicker after longing for him so much, or perhaps Yu IlHan had really become handsome, but he really looked handsome right now.

“…….Miss YuNa. What is it?”

“Eih!”

Na YuNa was absent mindedly observing Yu IlHan’s facial features, and came to herself after Liera elbowed her in the face.

“Hing~, you won’t even let me look at him!”

“IlHan’s face will wear off.”

“You and your nonsense again.”

Yu IlHan approached and gave Liera a smack on the forehead. At that moment, Na YuNa realized that Yu IlHan was dragging something with his other hand.

“Mr. IlHan, what is that in your hand?”

“Oh, it’s the emperor of Li Catriana.”

Yu IlHan nonchalantly replied and put his arm forward. There was a massive sword stuck on the chest, his two legs were

mashed, all the hair and the scalp was pulled out, his lips were bleeding, and so it was quite difficult to recognize, but from the fat belly, it indeed was the emperor.

No, wait.

“…….The emperor?”

“Yes.”

“……”

Due to the sudden present, Na YuNa became speechless, but Yu IlHan continued as if it was nothing.

“I didn’t kill him yet. You’d need another sacrificial lamb in order to console the rates of the victims.”

The people of Elforce had to bid farewell to countless allies while fighting against the empire. Most of the civilians suffered and many died. Even if the war ended like this, they wouldn’t be able to quench the thirst of the people. To quench their thirst, something at the level of the blood of the emperor would suffice.

“So, Miss YuNa and the one called the pope can do whatever you want with this guy.”

Seeing Yu IlHan nonchalantly saying that, Na YuNa once again became speechless. The fact that he treated an emperor in charge of half the world, like he was nothing, gave her a feeling that he was seeing things beyond a lower existences’ view.

However, Na YuNa thought that even that was cool. Hm, it looked like her lenses were quite thick after all.

“If the emperor is here, then what of the imperial army?”

“They were taken care of.”

Replied Yu IlHan. Na YuNa didn’t dare to ask the details as she was afraid of the meaning behind ‘taken care of’. Of course, Yu IlHan wouldn’t have obliterated a million strong army… right? But if you thought back to his overwhelming appearance……

At that time, Yu IlHan said something unexpected.

“I tied them all up so go check later.”

“…….What?”

Yu IlHan left the mansion with Na YuNa and Liera. On the perimeter of the Flying fortress, where the ground could be seen, Na YuNa did indeed find that the millions of soldiers belonging to the imperial army were all tied up and lined up in a long line. The one that was watching over them, was of course, Yumir in dragon form.

“Wao……”

“This will be a historical moment in Breya.”

Can a single human make a million others kneel in front of him? The answer was, ‘yes’.

Yu IlHan simply cancelled his concealment, broke through the imperial army, found the emperor, and beat the guy up senseless. During the entire process, no one could touch Yu IlHan, nor could anyone interfere with him.

Even all the power of the empire put together could not protect the most important existence. And like that, the empire lost against Yu IlHan.

“And after that, I told them to do as I say if they didn’t want to die, and here we are.”

“The emperor was captured, and the army was immobilized, so……. the war has ended?”

“Indeed.”

Yu IlHan agreed with her like nothing had happened. Despite ending the war that decided the fate of the continent all by himself, he sounded as peaceful as ever. Well, it was actually not that hard for him.

“Pf, pffft.”

Na YuNa found everything absurd and just laughed. What would the people on the ground feel when they saw that? What expressions would the pope and Kang HaJin be making right now? Thinking about that, she found it too funny. Seeing Na YuNa like that, Yu IlHan asked her another question in confusion.

“Do I have to do anything else for you? Miss Yuna?”

“There’s a lot, but I’ll put up with this for now.”

“There’s a lot!?”

Na YuNa laughed again after Yu IlHan panic. Right now, she even found it enjoyable that Liera was glaring at her.

She really had the urge to pour kisses on Yu IlHan with all of her current emotions, but that was impossible with Liera here, so it was only unfortunate. She could even see Liera’s arm muscles twitching, prepared to stop her at any moment.

“You cheapskate.” (Na YuNa)

“Shut up.” (Liera)

“…….Huh?” (Yu IlHan)

[Humans really are interesting.]

Only Yu IlHan, who didn’t know of the conversation that happened between the two, tilted his head. Only Orochi left a short sentence of his impression after realizing what happened!

Like that, the war that encompassed the entire world of Breya, had finished. The war did not end in the victory of Li Catriana, the country that caused this war, or Elforce, that stood up under the protection of the goddess of beauty, Leytna, but in the victory of a loner that intruded mid way in order to save a single woman.

The upper echelons of the empire, including the emperor, were all executed. The emperor that wanted to possess Na YuNa to the point of causing war, had died without so much as being able to step on her shadow.

The Flying fortress as well as Yu IlHan, who had appeared after Na YuNa had shown a miracle in the holy region, were acknowledged as a part of Leytna’s power, or her avatar, or something else on that line to the believers of the church. This was no exception even to the imperial army that had lost, and now the entire continent was united under her name.

Li Catriana collapsed just like that. With Yu IlHan and the Flying fortress’s actions, they could weed out the core of power of the empire, so it was not that difficult for Elforce to absorb Li Catriana.

The problem was about who would take the throne of the united empire.

“I don’t want to~.”

“Only you are worthy to take this crown in this world right now, YuNa.”

“But I’m going to go back to Earth with Mr. IlHan now.”

“Even while passing on the chance to become the master of a world?”

“Yes.”

The core personnel of Elforce, including the pope, judged that only Na YuNa, who caused the miracle of the holy region, as well as the one that called Yu IlHan here, was worthy of being the emperor, but Na YuNa didn’t have any plans to stay in Breya any longer.

“This place doesn’t need me, but Mr. IlHan does!”

“No, IlHan doesn’t need you either.”

“Fufu, he probably thinks otherwise.”

“…….”

Na YuNa was actually right. Yu IlHan couldn’t deny that.

Na YuNa’s blessing is very strong. The only one that could make Yu IlHan even stronger, when he had already escaped the limits of a lower existence, was Na YuNa. Now that Yu IlHan didn’t know who he might fight against in the future, he would honestly have to beg her to come with him if she decided to stay as the empress.

“IlHan, you……”

“But I can’t lie to her.”

Yu IlHan had already told Na YuNa of the deep relationship he had with Liera. Na YuNa acknowledged that without being shocked, but as that tugged on Yu IlHan’s mind, he could not bear to ask her to come with him. However, seeing her express her intentions to come with him without him doing anything, Yu IlHan was only thankful.

“But what are we supposed to do? Who else in this world can represent Lady Leytna other than you?”

Spoke the pope while sighing. Na YuNa replied while pouting.

“Your Holiness can do it.”

“I’m already so old……”

“You were young last time.”

“That was a temporary thing because I emitted all the mana I’ve bound until now. To keep that state, I’d……”

Yu IlHan, who was listening this whole time, took out some 4th class magic stones out of the mountains he kept in his inventory, and made around 5 accessories on the spot and gave them to her.

“These are some presents to congratulate your ascension to the throne from me.”

“Thank you. But this should……. hm?”

It was a precious treasure that went beyond just supplying mana, and permanently restored her recoverability of her physical body. Simply speaking, it could raise her lifespan just by wearing it.

“I think my body cells are recovering by the minute……”

“You’re right. Since you’re already so high level, you’ll become younger even if you level up a little in the future. You’ll probably be able to live for a few hundred more years. Why don’t you take the challenge to become a higher existence while you’re at it?”

“……”

The pope, that regained her late-twenties appearance by transmuting the overflowing mana from the accessory into holy power, looked at Yu IlHan as she would at a freak, but Yu IlHan was already used to that kind of thing and felt nothing from it.

Na YuNa smiled in satisfaction, and Liera also made a bitter smile, as if saying this was nothing new.

Such was how the first empress of the united empire, came about.



Chapter 227

It took exactly one week to clean up after the war, and make foundations for the new united empire. The Flying fortress was going to return to Earth after one week in Breya.

“More and more people would need the maiden from now on, though.”

“Aaah, why do you leave? Are you going back to heaven?”

All believers of Leytna did not doubt for a second that Na YuNa was the avatar of the goddess, and did not want to let her go, but Na YuNa defeated all of them with a soft smile.

“If such a pretty woman like me stays in this world for a long time, those conscienceless pigs may appear again and aim for me. So I’ll leave.”

“How can your farewells be so haughty too?”

Although everything turned out well, an uncountable number of people had died during the process. Na YuNa thought that things wouldn’t have bloated up so largely if she was not here in this world. The only reason why the Destruction Demon Army spread their hands to this world was to procure her after all.

“Your Holiness, please let me go now. I’ll be happy with Mr. IlHan!”

“Please stop using lines that can cause misunderstandings?”

“YuNa…….”

Rise of the united empire? End of the war? Beneath new history were countless corpses of citizens scattered across the land.

It wasn’t like Na YuNa did not know sadness just because she was smiling all this time. She read the minds of others too well, so she found it unbearable to stay in Elforce right now. If Yu IlHan wasn’t there with her, she would have collapsed a long time ago.

The pope also knew that she would not be able to convince her to stay.

“You’ll visit later, right?”

“Of course.”

The pope and Na YuNa hugged each other and did a cheek-to-cheek kiss. At that moment, Na YuNa seemed to have forgotten about something and took off the crown on her head before passing it to the pope.

“I’ll give this back to you, Your Holiness. I do not have the qualifications to own this, and this crown is only effective within the holy region.”

“No, I can’t bring out the power of the crown, so you take it. This crown is yours.”

“But for me to take this……”

“If it’s the matter of practicality.”

Before the pope and Na YuNa could push each other the crown, Yu IlHan interfered with a bright smile.

“Can I take some of the highest-tier holy stones in the holy region? Actually no, I’ll just take it. I won this war so give me that much.”

“Wao!”

“The forceful IlHan is so cool too!”

While Na YuNa was surprised, and Liera was being in love-struck mode again, the pope did not see through Yu IlHan’s intentions, and tilted her head.

“Well, we can only accept whatever terms you have. But if you use the holy stones for bad purposes, it will tarnish our goddess, so I cannot accept it if that’s the case. May I ask the reason you want the holy stones?”

Yu IlHan replied as if asking why they didn’t know already after all that conversation.

“I’m going to make a holy region on the Flying fortress. Then, Miss YuNa should be able to bring out the power of that crown.”

“The holy region…..?”

“Yes.”

Thinking back, Yu IlHan was the man who built the new temple in the region! The pope wanted to retort about a lot of things, but decided not to speak. Then, she proceeded to order the paladins and priests to give him all but one of the highest-tier holy stones.

“Wow, an entire….17 kilograms of holy stones…… Your Holiness, is this really alright?”

“It’s fine since we won’t be needing them for a while. Moreover, it looks like you need these holy stones more than we do.”

Although this was much less than what Yu IlHan should receive for all the things he had done, this was the best the Church could do. The pope was worried about the fact that Yu IlHan may get angry at the quantity, but he nodded in satisfaction after receiving them

“These should be enough I guess.”

“Just how could a holy region be…… No, it’s nothing.”

The pope stopped her question mid way. Yu IlHan only smiled at her. It was a cool smile that made her feel very tired.

“Holy maiden!”

“Holy maiden, please be happy!”

“Aah, the maiden is finally going back to the place she should be. It must be that she’s ascending to the throne of a god!”

“Please bestow us eternal prosperity and glory!”

While the citizens of the united empire of Elforce were watching, Yu IlHan got on the Flying fortress along with Yumir, Liera, Na YuNa, and Kang HaJin.

The believers of Leytna were acting in a manner as if Na YuNa was really ascending into godhood. The four other than her were being treated like guardian angels or something!

Kang HaJin made a bitter smile while looking at that scene.

“…….I spent the same amount of time as her in Breya, but seeing this scene, it looks like nothing would have changed even if I wasn’t here.”

“If you regret it, do you want to stay here? In fact, Mr. Kang HaJin won’t really become of help even if you’re here.”

“Mr. Yu IlHan, don’t you think that you’re a little too honest!?”

Kang HaJin retorted loudly as he self-proclaimed to be quite exceptional among the 3rd classes, but to Yu IlHan, ‘fighting force’ was someone who could deal with a 4th class enemy easily.

Unfortunately, Kang HaJin was lacking innate talent, skill proficiency, and even levels, according to Yu IlHan’s standards. Yu IlHan didn’t say that out loud since it would be too cruel, but Na YuNa dealt the final strike for him.

“But HaJin-oppa tried his best to protect me until now. Though, he practically didn’t do much!”

“You’re even worse!”

Kang HaJin shouted to Na YuNa and momentarily thought about ‘what would my relationship be with Na YuNa if I was as strong as him?’, but he laughed after realizing that thinking like that was meaningless.

He still couldn’t let go of his competitive spirit at this age? If it’s not that, did he still have some vain feelings towards Na YuNa? In whichever case, he loathed himself.

However, Na YuNa only looked at the scenery outside the Flying fortress in interest as it heightened in altitude. Yu IlHan, who was taking care of the Dragon’s Army on the side, spoke to calm her down.

“The Warp skill has already activated so wait a little. We’ll be on Earth soon.”

“What do we do after we go to Earth? No wait, what happened to Earth anyway?”

“By now, some perverted demons would have appeared and will be struggling for survival on Earth. First, we’ll look for the next world while the Flying fortress lightly tramples on them all. If possible, I want to implement the holy region at that time.”

“……”

The threat of monsters, that was the main reason why humans of other worlds had to struggle, were being treated like sources of experience on Earth! And these monsters were all freaks of over level 250!

“A single one of those monsters would have put the holy region under immense danger……”

“They are weak compared to the monsters of Earth. First up, the monsters of Earth can do mental attacks.”

“Mental attacks only apply to you though!”

“……”

While Na YuNa was at a loss about what to say back to Yu IlHan, the Warp skill was completed. When Yu IlHan gave the signal, Na YuNa and Kang HaJin looked around to see any changes, but could not find anything. Liera laughed at them.

“You really didn’t believe in IlHan’s words, huh?”

“Hiing, you didn’t mention anything about a Warp skill though……. Huhh?”

“Eih!”

Just as Na YuNa was about to say something, Yu IlHan jumped on the spot. The Flying fortress, Liera, Na YuNa, Kang HaJin, and the rest of the children belonging to the fleet, as well as the children that didn’t belong to the fleet but was still included in the skill, all closed their eyes once, and opened them.

When they were back on Earth.

“Huh, it really is Earth.”

“Oh my god. It really is the Korea of Earth even though everything has collapsed!

The change in surrounding mana, and the traces of civilization, though ruined for the most part, had made Na YuNa and Kang HaJin speechless. Yu IlHan’s single action had changed worlds! It was unbelievable even with their eyes open.

[Kuoooaaah!]

[H, he’s here. He has more numbers now.]

[Kill, kill, kill, kill!]

As the group was being loud, and as Yu IlHan did not bother putting concealment over the Flying fortress, monsters came from all directions. Of course, as only one week had passed since Yu IlHan left Earth, not many gathered, but the ones that could be seen were all 4th class monsters over level 200.

However, Yu IlHan glanced at the vicious monsters and just laughed while calling for Mystic.

“Mystic.”

[Master, there will be a day you’ll pay for all that you did to me.]

“Yes, yes. I’ll pay up when that time comes so you go clean them up for now.”

[eeek, I hate you, master!]

Mystic started attacking the enemies with Hundred Eyes even while grumbling. Meanwhile, Yu IlHan checked each and every one of the monsters that scattered after the beam, and let out a sigh.

“Hmm, will they not appear after all?”

“You were thinking about that? There’s no way it can happen since you killed the origin of them. In the first place, Earth was insane for making such monsters naturally.”

“But it was a good supply of materials though……”

“……Are you being disappointed right now?”

Yu IlHan licked his lips powerlessly and Liera was looking at him like a freak. Na YuNa thought about what they were talking about right now, and realized that it was about 5th class monsters.

“Did a higher existence appear on Earth!?”

“Although it will be annoying to explain so I won’t, yes, they did.”

“Explain if you’re going to say all that! Just how can a higher existence appear in this land with such a short history!?”

Of course, Yu IlHan did not explain. To speak about the past 3 years on Earth, he would have to talk about the forgotten millennium. He couldn’t speak about it in worry of Na YuNa’s reaction after all that. Yu IlHan was being considerate of her in his own way.

“They won’t appear in the future anyway, so don’t worry.”

“It’s related to Liera-unni, right! Right!?”

“I said I won’t explain.”

“Nuuu.”

Na YuNa’s pouting face was quite cute. Yu IlHan suggested to her to change the pace.

“I’m going to make the Flying fortress a holy region from now. After this, Miss YuNa will become more safe, and the Flying fortress’s defense will become more perfect. I’ll need your help in the process so help me out.”

“You have the worst way of changing topics! Although I’ll still help! Idiot, stupiiid!”

“……..YuNa is really experiencing a lot of new things.”

Yu IlHan then proceeded into working on the holy region by using the holy stones and a few other precious metals he had remaining.

Yumir lead the Dragon’s army, each supplied with Yu IlHan-grade equipment he made in the week in Breya, to experience real-life battles on Earth, and raised their abilities, while Liera stuck by Yu IlHan’s side as always, and Na YuNa helped in the implementation of the holy region while pouting, while Kang HaJin guarded her.

In that time, the communication device didn’t ring again.

Just that, one day when the holy region was being completed, Yu IlHan realized that one of his subordinates under the Rule skill had met her death.



Chapter 228

[Lv182 Elf Shadow Thief Phiria has died.]

“Mr. IlHan?”

When Yu IlHan stopped carving the holy stone he was holding, Na YuNa, who was supporting him with holy power on the side, called out to him. Seeing him biting on his lips, her expression turned serious as well.

“What is it? Are you hurt? Do you want me to heal you?”

“I’m fine, but it looks like something big happened to my subordinates.”

He tried to keep his calm. Of course, he was calculating in his head at the same time as well.

‘Dammit. I can’t revive an already dead person…..!’

The one that died was the thief-class elf among the 4 elves he had under him, Phiria. She was the one that was the most loyal to him, and acted without hesitation when he gave her an order. And currently, she should be holding out against the 4th Great Cataclysm with the other elves.

The elves including her, were not only much stronger than the people of Earth that were scattered over many worlds, Ericia, Flemir and the other wolfkin had gone over to help them, and he thought that nothing much would arise even if he left them alone.

But if it was to the extent that Phiria died, it didn’t seem so simple.

‘Or, something out of the ordinary happened to her.’

Just why did she not use the communication device before she died? Did she think that it was meaningless to do so? Just who was able to harm Phiria?

The boiling doubts, agitation and rage made his body tremble. His subordinate that he had worked with for years had died, so it would be strange if he was still calm. Moreover, she died in a place where his eyes could not reach, for an unknown reason, so it was no wonder that he felt very stuffy right now.

However, he also knew that letting his body be taken over by instinct always called for the worst results. He had lost Phiria, but he still had others he had to protect.

Right now, he needed to become cool-headed. He had to sharpen his heart like a cold blade, and stab it towards the place he had to proceed to.

“Fuu.”

He calmly took a deep breath and put away his equipment. Although it was unfortunate that he still hadn’t finished the holy region yet, it would be fine to do it over there as well. It was fortunate that he could finish up on the equipment for Dragon’s Army while he was at Breya.

Na YuNa silently watched him. Yu IlHan eventually put away all traces of work and spoke to her.

“Looks like we need to go to Dareu.”

“Yes, I’ll go with you.”

“Did you say Dareu?”

“Are we going to Dareu, dad?”

Liera, who was playing with Yumir in the garden also came after hearing him. He firmly nodded his head and spoke as if a whisper.

“Phiria in Dareu has died. …….Perhaps, we might need the army’s power this time.”

“…..Yeah, the kids are all ready.”

“Yes, well done.”

First, he would ensure the safety of the other remaining elves as well as the wolfkin, and would incinerate anything and everything that had a relation to Phiria’s death.

Although it was highly probable that Dareu was in a serious situation, from the fact that Phiria, clad in legend-ranked equipment, had died, Yu IlHan didn’t plan to back off regardless what incident this was.

By this point, you might ask, what’s the difference between cool-headed and passionate, but Yu IlHan was really cool-headed right now. He was going to cool-headedly wipe out everything.

“Dareu…… the world that you came back from is so strong.”

“If it’s too much pressure, you can stay out, Mr. Kang HaJin.”

“No, I’ll do my work – protecting YuNa.”

“Isn’t that reliable.”

He did not need to ask the Dragon’s army, and Yumir’s words would suffice.

“We’re fighting too.”

“We’ll fight.”

“Okay.”

With just that, the children accepted it, and put on their equipment and prepared for battle. Although their life wasn’t long at all, 99% of it was battle and war. Their busy actions were even reminiscent of highly trained soldiers.

“Hero, we’re done preparing!”

“Captain, prepared for departure!”

Yu IlHan lastly looked at Liera. Clad in the Feather of Temptation, she was holding a straight spear of light pink on one hand, that seemed represented her straightforward feelings.

“Are you ready?”

“Yeah.”

Liera spoke shortly as if she knew what was on his mind.

“Let’s wipe them out.”

“Yes.”

Yu IlHan activated the Warp skill. Like how they went from Earth to Breya, and how they came to Earth from Breya, the Flying fortress naturally leaped over dimensions……

“Kugh!?”

……Or not.

[Kyaaak!? The rebound, the rebound hurts too much!]

[Why are you hurt when you’re a building!]

[I get tugged at everywhere! Whether it’s the engine or the barrier!]

Mystic’s screams represented their feelings. Yu IlHan definitely tried to teleport into Dareu, which he had a complete understanding of with his Record skill, but the rebound was too big.

“Aooh, so heavy. Did my breasts get bigger again……?”

“Just what is up with this mana density?”

Na YuNa, and Kang HaJin, who were relatively more ordinary, muttered while creasing their brows. Although they remembered feeling something like this before, they did not know when and where they did.

“The air is delicious!”

“Wow, my body is so light.”

Meanwhile, the Dragon’s Army, who were newtypes from the moment they were born, breathed deeply in joy. Perhaps they were born with the specialty to become stronger according to environment, but they were becoming stronger by themselves while absorbing the surrounding mana!

“IlHan, did we really come to Dareu?”

While even Yu IlHan was stiff for a second, Liera, who was the only one that was acting natural, checked with him.

“This is a higher world.”

“So it’s like that after all?”

“Yes.”

“Tch.”

Yu IlHan clicked his tongue. He finally grasped on how the situation was turning out.

“Oh, so it was a higher world! I knew it was a little familiar!”

“A h, higher world!? Doesn’t that mean the members of higher existences factions are here……?”

So he picked up some stuff from here and there and came to the right conclusion, huh. Yu IlHan acknowledged Kang HaJin’s words without hesitation.

“Even higher existences belonging to a faction can use their powers without limits here. Though, I still don’t get why this place had been upgraded to a higher world.”

“Then if we’re unlucky to run into any of them, and they try to kill us……!”

“Then of course, they’ll become a nice source of exp.”

“……Ah, yes of course.”

“Higher existences give a shit ton of experience. Don’t say anything if you haven’t killed one.”

“And so, please shut up.”

With Yu IlHan, who judged things differently from other lower existences, in front of him, Kang HaJin felt that all his fear and worry was in vain.

Meanwhile, Na YuNa, who stuck next to Yu IlHan, was still all smiles after knowing that this was a higher world, and it seemed that she was sure that Yu IlHan’s side was the safest no matter where she was in. At least right now, she had come to a smarter conclusion than Kang HaJin did.

Yu IlHan thought back to the time when Dareu was still at its 3rd Great Cataclysmic stage when he came here. Of course, he did hear that it had met its 4th Great Cataclysm before everyone was expelled from Earth, but to become a higher world, another Great Cataclysm was needed! The only one that could solve his questions, was Liera, who was once one of the core personnel of the Heaven’s Army.

“Liera, was higher worlds this easy to become? Even Earth hasn’t become a higher world yet.”

“It’s not that it’s easy, but it’s probably because Dareu is special like Earth. You didn’t think that the fact that Dareu, only in its 3rd Great Cataclysm, was full of 4th class dragons just because of the Destruction Demon Army, right? You can think it’s similar to how the perverted demons are everywhere on Earth right now. It’s just that the two worlds are special.”

“That’s true, but……”

“Moreover, Dareu is a world where the Garden of Sunset also interfered in as well, isn’t it? Uu, there were so many clues but I still couldn’t think of this.”

Thinking about it, Liera was right. Dareu was a world that the Destruction Demon Army and the Garden of Sunset had reached out their hands to even before Earth.

Well, the Destruction Demon Army didn’t actually want Dareu itself, but the dragons that composed it, and tried to make it a dragon breeder den after wiping out the elves, but the Garden of Sunset, took the opposite path to protect the elves by poaching some of the dragons.

In other words, they were trying to protect the mankind of the world. And as long as mankind was in a world, there would be room for development.

“The Garden of Sunset desired Dareu as they looked further ahead than the Destruction Demon Army. I heard their leader has prophetic abilities, I wonder if it’s true…”

“At that time, I didn’t have the time to think all of that while I acted……”

Higher worlds can freeze over for all he could care at that time. He hurried to Dareu just because they said that dragons may invade Earth and wiped all the dragonkin, and as he arrived to wipe the dragons out, when he was led by the nose by a strange dragon called Lecidna, making an alliance with a portion of the dragons including her……

Somehow, it ended up with him taking the elves under him, becoming their emperor. He taught them battles, made them an elite force, and the growth even accelerated when the wolfkin came.

…….In other words, to exaggerate a little, Yu IlHan was the main culprit behind raising Dareu into a higher world.

“Shit.”

He should have taken them all to Earth rather than dig away in Dareu. But what would change just because he regretted? There was no way the Yu IlHan of that time would consider the ascension into a higher world.

“Although this is nothing new, Heaven’s Army is really useless. If you told me something, anything that’s related to this, things wouldn’t have turned out like this.”

“I also think so.”

“Whether it’s you, Erta or Spiera.”

“A, anyone wouldn’t know if until it actually affects them! Anyway, it’s the Heaven’s Army’s fault!”

“And now you’re shifting your blame to them since you’re not one of them anymore…..”

Yu IlHan laughed at that. It looked like Liera also thought that it was because the Heaven’s Army was incompetent. Of course, he thought differently.

‘Well, who knows? I think it’s the same for the Heaven’s Army in wanting a higher world…..’

Yu IlHan, who no longer believed in the Heaven’s Army anymore, would naturally think of that as well.

Perhaps the Heaven’s Army didn’t care much even if the residents of the world that became a higher existence, were endangered.

No, of course, they’d step up to ‘protect them’, but what would they value more? A higher world, or lower existences? – the question remained. In the first place, weren’t they saying all those things about protecting lower existences, to smoothly procure a higher world into their ranks?

While Yu IlHan’s thoughts were infinitely going into the negative, Kang HaJin’s question broke his thoughts.

“Mr. Yu IlHan. Then, the higher existences are currently…….?”

“In war in this world, probably.”

At that time.

[Kwoaaar!]

[How dare you for a foolish beast!]

Not far from where the Flying fortress was, a flash of light strong enough to blind an ordinary man, and a shield that blocked it, appeared at once. Since none here were classified as ordinary men, everyone saw that with their eyes wide open.

The majority of them didn’t know what the flash was, but only Yu IlHan ended up laughing, as this was something very absurd.

“Quite a familiar scene I see there.”

“I don’t know anything about that.”

Liera denied with a pouty voice.

Yes. in the short time Yu IlHan and Liera were apart, while Yu IlHan was still 2nd class, they had seen this kind of magic over and over again when he came here with Erta. It was none other than dragon magic that was unfolding here.

“Dragons.”

“Wao, was that really a lower existence just now? And it was already so strong?”

“Dragons……?”

Yumir, who had unexpectedly, and suddenly, met one of his own race, muttered in a dreamy voice. Yu IlHan stroked his head and asked.

“Do you want to meet one?”

“Yeah…… no, I only need dad here.”

Yumir hugged into Yu IlHan’s arms while saying that, but feelings weren’t so easily changed. As he had never met another dragon other than himself, despite being one, Yumir was feeling an unspeakable urge after meeting one of his own kin.

“Shall we go see?”

“No, it’s fine. Dad is more important.”

“Okay.”

He was trying to be considerate of Yu IlHan who had lost Phiria. Yu IlHan made a bitter smile and patted him on the back, and took a deep breath of the mana in Dareu that had somehow experienced the 5th Great Cataclysm in just a few years, and had ascended into a higher world, before raising his hand.

“Everyone grab tight onto the Flying fortress. We’ll be moving immediately.”

“Move? Where?”

“The place where Phiria died.”

Everyone in that place did not understand Yu IlHan’s words and tilted their heads in confusion. However, Yu IlHan judged that it would be faster to show them, and flicked his finger to activate ‘that’.

‘That’ being, the magic formation that covered the entirety of Dareu, which was still under Yu IlHan’s control.



Chapter 229

“Whoa.”

“Wow, the scenery changed in an instant. Captain, what magic did you use this time?”

“You won’t know even if I explain it to you.”

The Warp skill and the magic formation of the elves were quite similar in the aspect that they required magic stones to activate, but the preparations and activation process itself was very different. If Warp had a lot to consider, the magic formation would activate instantly once the magic stones were ready!

Right now, they had moved several thousand kilometers from the unknown battlefield, in a blink of an eye. Of course, since Phiria had just died here not too long ago, there should be a crucial battle going on!

“And this place…..”

“Sh.”

When Kang HaJin was about to speak, Liera, who felt something, quietened everyone. However, Yu IlHan shook his head.

“No, you won’t cancel the concealment even if you host America’s got talent or whatever other programme you might want to, so it’s fine.”

“That’s quite good.”

Originally, the Flying fortress was treated as Yu IlHan’s equipment, and could receive the effects of his concealment. Also, his allies within the Flying fortress would also receive the benefits of concealment thanks to the Flying fortress.

“I can feel not one, but several presences of higher existences at once.”

“We can’t see them though……”

“They have basic concealment abilities, or are using magic. Also, I can see them as well.”

No one in this world could not escape Yu IlHan, the concealment master. Right now, Yu IlHan had found 3 beings that had similar mana patterns to the Destruction Demon Army, and two who he couldn’t read.

They were fighting while moving rapidly in mid air, and despite the fact that the Destruction Demon Army had the numerical advantage, there was a very intense battle.

“There are no angels…… so they are from the Garden of Sunset, I suppose.”

“You’re right. The angels make up the Heaven’s Army, and the fallen angels make up the Army of Brilliant Light, while Destruction Demon Army accepts both man and monsters, and the one that belongs to none of them is the Garden of Sunset.”

“So they are the weakest faction huh.”

“But they aren’t to be looked down upon. In a 1 vs 1 battle, they are the most threatening…… The records they are given, in other words, their leader, is special in some way.”

That was definitely the case with this scene where two were on equal footing with three. However, to Yu IlHan, they were pretty much on the same level, so he did not care. The important matter here was Phiria, and Phiria alone.

The problem was that he could not see the body of Phiria no matter how much he searched over the ground. Perhaps her body was erased by the enemy. If it was not that, he could take her body and run, but right now, not to mention Phiria, he could not feel the presences of any lower existences at all.

In the first place, the landscape was battered with the five higher existences clashing. He didn’t even know why Phiria had come to this place at all.

“I guess I can’t help it.”

Yu IlHan once again scanned the battlefield before taking out his spear. Liera asked.

“What are you going to do?”

“I need to earn some records.”

“From what?

“From that guy.”

Right now, there were only five beings that did not belong to his allies, so it was obvious who Yu IlHan was pointing towards. It was one of the Destruction Demon Army monsters that was in a better state!

“There’s a guy that’s half-dead, so I won’t be able to earn any experience even if I kill that guy.”

“Yes, my IlHan is very smart.”

Killing a higher existence just to earn some info, huh. While everyone else other than Liera was shocked at Yu IlHan’s insane actions, he raised his spear in a posture to throw it while ordering Mystic.

“Maximum output. One-point shooting.”

[I’m already preparing.]

“Miss YuNa. Can you strengthen the Flying fortress as well?”

“I could if this place was a holy region.”

“Then I guess I can’t help it. Then please buff me, and Mystic, you shoot whenever you’re ready.”

“Lady Leytna, it’s time to work~!”

[Yes, right now!]

[Attack power increases by 33% for 30 minutes due to a blessing.]

After Na YuNa’s buff was cast on Yu IlHan, a beam of white light shot straight from the center of the Hundred Eyes that had gathered in mid air. Of course, since this was an attack in concealment, the Destruction Demon Army had received the hit without recognizing the attack.

[Kugh!? Kahak!?]

And the thrown spear that followed immediately pierced its body while the fire contained in the attack exploded to incinerate the whole body. Enemies that still could not be killed with Yu IlHan’s surprise attack on top of the maximum output from the Flying fortress, would have to be 6th class and above.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have become level 274. 1 Strength, 2 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the record of Lv306 Berein.]

Yu IlHan collected his spear and the corpse. Meanwhile, the members belonging to the Destruction Demon Army and the Garden of Sunset respectively, all turned their heads and found the Flying fortress.

[To think you’d interfere in a duel, you cowar……. what’s that!?]

[This aura……. is a lower existence? How can he deal with a higher ex….!?]

All were shocked after seeing the Flying fortress. They were first shocked at the scale of the castle, and then at the fact that such a large thing could appear so suddenly. Lastly, they were surprised at the fact that they could not call anyone inside it a higher existence.

[Who are you!]

“Well, then. First.”

He did not care about what they said and activated his Record skill to collect the information on the enemy he had just killed.

[The skill, Record, has become level 4.]

His expression creased as he sorted out the records he had just earned. He looked through the stuff that occurred not too long ago to find traces of Phiria. And fortunately, he had some success. While this guy was not the culprit behind Phiria’s death, it knew the culprit.

[I’ll kill you!]

[You shall not harm them!]

The strongest of the Destruction Demon Army threw the rotting sword it had. The sword that pierced through the air while containing an enormous quantity of energy, only ended up going back to its owner after being shot down by an energy beam from a member of the Garden of Sunset.

There should be a reason why that guy shot down the attack instead of him. And as expected, it looked like the Garden of Sunset judged that Yu IlHan was not their enemy after seeing him kill a member of the Destruction Demon Army.

[I do not care who you are! Help us to erase those evil offsprings!]

[The Destruction Demon Army is trying to make a paradise-on-land for monsters after obliterating even the residents of this world. You look human, and the fact that you ambushed them is probably because you knew that, right?]

The two higher existences belonging to the Garden of Sunset, approached the Flying fortress while deflecting the attacks that aimed for the Flying fortress while at it. Yu IlHan was creasing his expression until then as well, and only whispered to Liera after he could confirm their faces.

“Liera, you take the left.”

“Got it. Mine is the left one. Hey, Na YuNa. Buff me as well.”

“Yes of course, unni.”

“……That sounded unpleasant for some reason.”

“Oh, then do you want me to call you grandma?”

“Call me unni.”

While Liera was receiving the buff from Na YuNa. Yu IlHan kicked off the Flying fortress to stop in front of the members of the Garden of Sunset.

“You guys are from the Garden of Sunset, right?”

[So you know of us after all. We knew that you were not ordinary after seeing you kill a higher existence and….. Kugh!?]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical…….]

After they approached a little more, as they saw that Yu IlHan had a friendly attitude, the Eight-tailed dragon spear that Yu IlHan had struck out pierced the abdomen of the one on the right.

[Kugh! Why…….!]

Even though he had only attacked once, there were ten holes on the body. That was enough to put the guy near death!

“You killed our Phiria, bitch.”

[Kugh, Cough!?]

[Eeek!]

“Hhp.”

To save the ally that was instantly put to near death, the other member tried to move, when Liera, who followed after Yu IlHan, after being buffed by Na YuNa, severed his two arms.

[How, there’s two……!]

“Quite the, thick, face, after, all, that, bullshit.”

Yu IlHan imbued his mana into the spear tip to make an essence flame of Blaze, then which he pierced and slashed his enemy like mad. The blood, flesh, bones, muscles, and brain fluids of the enemy, as well as the crystallized mana scattered to the surroundings.

[Kugh, Kugggh, Kyahk, Khaak!]

Each strike of his spear activated the Record skill to cram the tragic scene that it had pulled out until now. Amongst them, was the face of Phiria.

Going before that, he knew that this guy approached the elves as if he was their ally. They had a prior record of helping to protect the elves by cooperating with the dragons once before, and in reality, there was no reason for the elves to not believe them.

The Garden of Sunset utilized that. Even though, in the first place, whether it was the Destruction Demon Army or the Garden of Sunset, they were the same type of guys that were only thinking of wiping out the lower existence to acquire this world!

The reason Phiria died first was surprisingly due to her equipment. The legend-ranked equipment that Yu IlHan made for her. These guys were after that.

Only after finding out the reason behind Phiria’s death, did Yu IlHan finally realized that when Liera said his equipment wasn’t easily found even in the treasury of Heaven’s Army, that she meant what she said.

Amongst that, the equipment Yu IlHan had made for his subordinates had especially good specs. If he was too late, then not only Phiria, but the lives of Paté, Mirey, as well as Jirl would have been put in danger. No, perhaps they were in a dangerous situation now. Paté even had an epic-ranked weapon.

[Kugh! Khiiik!]

The enemy pierced by the Eight-tailed dragon spear struggled to escape and shot bullets of mana from the two arms and legs to injure Yu IlHan, but mana bullets after the majority of the mana had already leaked out would not even damage the Infernal dragon body, not to mention hurting Yu IlHan.

His incomplete armor was already one of the best armors across all worlds.

“Although I want to make you suffer for 3 more hours.”

[No, spar……]

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 317 Piltah.]

Yu IlHan finished him off by using the power of a blunt weapon and a sword into his spear. Looking to his side, Liera had also finished the enemy with several shockwave chains. Despite the fact that not even 5 minutes had passed since they arrived at this place, three 5th class higher existences had died.

“What the hell is that.”

Kang HaJin absent mindedly muttered.

“Not to mention ‘able’ to go against higher existences, he’s completely overwhelming them!”

“Ooh, so cool, Mr. IlHHan.”

“And that’s your impression after all that!?”

Yu IlHan did not stop with that. The two survivors of the Destruction Demon Army that tried to run away after estimating that he would cooperate with the Garden of Sunset, had forgotten about fleeing and turned stiff after seeing two higher existences die instantly like that.

[Just, what is your objective!?]

One of them shouted.

[You shocking lower existences. What exactly is that power that you possess, and where did your arrogance of facing against both the Destruction Demon Army and the Garden of Sunset, come from!]

“Not your problem.”

Yu IlHan collected the remains of the ones that died and shook his spear to shake off the blood. Then, he charged against the remaining two at his full speed, and bared his fangs at them while activating Falling Down to prevent them from running away.

“You guys are so dead.”

Brilliant white flames burned in the entirety of the Falling Down domain. By the power of Yu IlHan’s fire attribute attack power increase, it became endlessly hotter.

Such was the start of the festival of fire that would cover the entirety of Dareu.



Chapter 230

The chain of souls and flames that Yu IlHan had made bound the higher existences. The surviving two members of the Destruction Demon Army comprised one gigantic beast and one humanoid, but they were the same in the aspect that they could not escape from the chains. The souls making up the chains were linked to Yu IlHan, and so as long as they didn’t sever the connection with Yu IlHan’s soul, they could not break the chains either.

Of course, those way above Yu IlHan’s current league would simply ignore such limitations and escape, but the two in front of him didn’t belong in this criteria.

“Liera, you take one of them.”

“No, let’s give it to Mir. Mir is still low level.”

Two lower existences were chatting with the bound higher existences in front of them. It was quite ironic, since the scene was like a married couple was trying to give each other the last slice of the meat dish, but ended up giving it to the son.

“Okay, then. I’ll go get Mir.”

“Please do.”

In the end, Liera returned back to the Flying fortress, leaving behind the two higher existences. That made the pride of the bound two, shatter into a thousand pieces.

[Arrogant……!]

[Kuhp, Khhhp!]

Although they were unsightly bound by Yu IlHan and simply became ‘meat dishes’, these higher existences were also those that had ruled a world. However, two ‘mere’ lower existences were being all leisurely in front of them!

[I’ll kill you!]

[I’ll freeze your woman and make her into an ice statue!]

The demon beast gathered destructive mana on its two hands and puffed up its muscles, while the humanoid made orbs of ices in his surroundings. Each and every one of them had the potential to be fatal! It didn’t even take 1 second to do that, as expected of higher existences!

The two attacked at the same time. However, it did not create the scene of Liera being turned into a nice statue. The moment they tried to gather their mana, Yu IlHan called the five shields of Aegis and received all their attacks.

[What……]

[Shields!?]

Aegis, which now had the effects of absorbing and amplifying mana before returning it back after being upgraded by the feathers of fallen angels, did its job and reflected their own mana back to them.

[Critical Hit!]

[Kugh!?]

“Good, splendid performance as expected.”

And it would become an even more perfect shield when he enhanced it with materials from higher existences later. Yu IlHan was satisfied with Aegis’ performance, and unfolded his Ruin Calling to shoot shockwaves in the air to leap.

Now that he had mastered leap, and that the Warp skill was advancing by the day, Yu IlHan was at the level of stacking three or four leaps with one motion. Even when it looked like he was simply kicking off the air, he would be hundreds of meters away the next moment! It was not that much different from teleportation.

“Hhp.”

Following Yu IlHan’s leap trajectory, Aegis followed, while the flames that comprised the domain gathered on the tip of his spear. The one Yu IlHan was aiming for, was the ice-wielding man who had a higher level. He was planning to break his ice head on.

[Heh, so you find me easy? Did you think you can melt me with your fire?]

This guy was worrying about Yu IlHan just shooting beams from afar, but when he approached, he laughed while being inwardly relieved.

[Go on then!]

“Hooh, sure.”

This guy thought that the reason the three higher existences died just now was because they were attacked in surprise. Didn’t they die in a blink of an eye without being able to do anything? But now, he was dealing with a full frontal assault!

The ones that seeked death in arrogance, while not knowing their place! None of them reached the realm of higher existences. He would also become like that!

[This is the ice of Katlar, the hero of the icy plains. Although it’s not my preference to freeze a guy…… I’ll hang out with your delusions for a bit!]

“Be honest here, there is some shared villain_lines dot txt among you, isn’t there?”

[D, dot txt?]

At that moment, an overwhelming quantity of fire gathered and compressed at the tip of the spear, to the point that it made some wonder if the domain would collapse at this rate, as the flame turned translucent. This was the first reason that Yu IlHan had judged that it would be fine to go against a higher existence, his flames!

Like how the higher existence he was facing was thinking that that maybe a little dangerous, the other higher existence gave support fire, but those were blocked by Aegis as Yu IlHan already knew that they were coming.

“I don’t care where you ripped off those lines……”

At that moment, some crunching sounds were heard. Yu IlHan had activated God Force to strengthen his arm muscles, and ended up putting too much pressure on the Eight-tailed dragon spear. This was the second reason why Yu IlHan was going against a higher existence head on; his muscular strength.

“If you want to read them, buy the official copy!”

[Kugh!?]

Yu IlHan instantaneously reached in front of the guy’s nose with several leaps, and struck down with his spear using both of his hands.

[Critical Hit!]

The guy tried gather all the frost energy from its body to make several hundred ice swords to attack Yu IlHan, but they all melted in front of the translucent flames from Yu IlHan. Losing in a battle of pure attributes, the guy that self-proclaimed to be the hero of the icy plains abruptly widened his eyes.

[You broke my ice……. Kugh!?]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical…….]

A bigger problem was that the spear strike that contained enough power to force him to use all his ice to block against, numbered nine more. That was a soundless, formless, strike of flames. He could not endure that strike when his league was lowered in the domain of Falling Down.

[Kahk!?]

“You saw it last time, didn’t you?”

[Don’t tell me that’s, a martial art even amongst advanced techniques……!? Can’t be dodged just by, looking………]

Those were his final words. Yu IlHan’s continuous strikes severed all his mana circuit, and the berserk mana froze him whole. He realized that it was him that was arrogant at the final moment, and his brain and eyes were frozen after that as well.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have become level 275. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the record of Lv319 Katlar.]

[The skill, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, has become level 95.]

[The skill, God Force, has become level 3.]

The third reason why Yu IlHan did not back off against a higher existence, was his Spear techniques that had reached a very high realm even among advanced techniques, due to his sufferings and training over numerous years.

Even if the prior two conditions weren’t met, his Spear of Untraceable Trajectory had enough power to reverse the battle.

[Yes, we indeed cannot win against you.]

The beast that saw that it’s stronger ally being toyed around with, gave up trying to survive. At that point, Liera was coming back with Yumir. It realized that Yumir was a dragon, and laughed.

[I knew you were not ordinary, but to think you’d have a dragon. You would be a dragon rider, then.]

Yu IlHan ignored its words and turned his head to Yumir.

“Mir, the experience would decrease since dad is holding onto it, but you can finish it off.”

“Uu, I want to become stronger with my abilities…..”

“But you’re still weak so you need to become stronger faster, right?”

“Yeah!”

Yumir changed the Breath of Gold to be long and sharp. His mana was concentrated on that spot, and became a strong drill as it rotated.

However, just as when Yu IlHan was thinking that it would be good if he learned wind magic as well, the enemy spoke once again; it looked like it wasn’t finished last time.

[You must be feeling very confident right now. You must be drunk on the fact that you can overwhelm higher existences. However, behind me are countless 5th class allies, and even stronger 6th class beings. The war for the higher world has only just started. Heaven’s Army and the Army of Brilliant Light – those arrogant bastards will also not welcome an irregular like you ……Can you, a mere lower existence, handle all of them?]

“Hm.”

Yu IlHan spoke.

“This guy’s nucleus is just under the right waist, so strike there, Mir.”

“Got it!”

[Khaaak!]

[You have earned experience.]

It’s very ordinary last scream made Yu IlHan feel good. It looked like his contribution was higher as over 50% of the experience came to him, but Yumir, who finished it off, also rejoiced as he levelled up several times.

“This place really is an experience haven, dad!”

“My words exactly.”

“……”

Yu IlHan collected the body of the monster and dispelled Falling Down after checking that there were no enemies around, when Liera asked him with worried eyes.

“IlHan, I don’t think that guy was wrong……. will you really be alright? I’ve seen several hundred 5th class beings clashing for a higher world.”

“I’m pretty assured after the battle just now. We’ll be fine against five 6th class beings in the domain of Falling Down. It doesn’t only increase my power, but weakens enemies as well. With you, me, Mir, and the Flying fortress, we can take on five at once.”

Replied Yu IlHan. Five 6th class beings. While Liera thought that that was an absurd number…

“Any more than that, we’d need go to guerilla tactics.”

“With the Flying fortress?”

“With the Flying fortress.”

“You do know that by 6th class, they can scan this entire world in at most 15 minutes, right?”

“That’s plenty. And moreover……”

“Moreover what?”

“No, it’s a secret for now.”

Liera had the urge to hit Yu IlHan, but seeing him smile, she couldn’t really do that. He was probably thinking of some absurd things right now. And those absurd thoughts were the main driving force that made the current Yu IlHan.

Perhaps the greatest power Yu IlHan possessed was neither his power, nor his effort, nor his talent, but the sudden insights he had founded on the knowledge he had piled up over numerous years – she thought.

“There we go.”

Yu IlHan repaired his equipment that had been damaged in the battle against the higher existences just now, by slamming some magic stones against them, while embracing Yumir into his arms before asking.

“Mir, it will be quite an intense battle from now on. Will it be alright?”

“Yeah, I won’t be able to truly become strong if I don’t experience suffering. I want to become stronger using fair methods and not sneaky ones like just now.”

“Good, it’s fine if you’re thinking like that.”

“And I too.”

Yumir seemed to hesitate for a little, but still eventually spoke in frustration while biting his lips.

“Want to avenge Phiria.”

“……Yes.”

Yumir did spend 2 years and 9 months with Phiria and the others. In fact, he spent longer time with them than he did with Yu IlHan. It wasn’t like Yu IlHan didn’t know that, but hearing it from his mouth was a different feeling altogether.

“Let’s avenge her. Against all the trash that consider us as maggots.”

“Yeah.”

“……Really, this is not a conversation that should happen between a father and son. Though, I don’t disagree with you.”

Yu IlHan returned to the Flying fortress with Liera and Yumir. The Dragon’s Army, Na YuNa and Kang HaJin were waiting for them, and they were dumbstruck because they thought they were going to go against higher existences, only to turn out that they died before they could do anything.

“Do you really need us?”

“I will from now on. Let’s go first.”

“Go? Where?”

“You’ll know when we get there.”

The magic formation activated once again. In that instant, they had teleported, and were in a quiet forest this time.

[So we need to split our members here.]

“But Phiria, as well as the 23 elves that accompanied her, are not back. If they’re being chased……”

[She and the other elves are with our colleagues. Seeing as how I lost contact with my colleagues just a while ago, even she might have died, not to mention our colleagues…..]

“No way, just who could Phiria be killed by!”

Now, they were in the right place. This place was not a warzone, and there were many lower existences on the ground as well. Meaning, this place felt like an ’emergency shelter’.

“There’s no way she died. We need to wait for her! And moreover, we need to move together!”

[We’re currently trying to make you survive! We also hid you from the dragons in the past. Do you not remember that?]

“But even so……!”

The one that was quarreling against the one that looked to be a member of the Garden of Sunset, was Mirfa, who was given the artifact to control the formation. The rest were only staring at her while not knowing what to do, and only the wolfkin princess, Ericia, was staring at the higher existence, as she agreed with Mirfa.

Yu IlHan thought that he had picked a good representative, and checked the members there. There were a few less elves that should have died along with Phiria, and a few less wolfkin, Ericia, Flemir, Mirey, Jirl, Paté, as well as his other subordinates and the remaining elves were safe and sound.

“Phew.”

Yu IlHan stepped forward while being relieved. Of course, in his hand was the Eight-tailed dragon spear that had a violent flame raging on the tip of it.

“Hhp!”

[Kahak!?]

[Critical Hit!]

The Eight-tailed dragon spear that Yu IlHan threw instantly shot down the guy from the Garden of Sunset that was blabbing on. Unfortunately, he did not die instantly and the concealment on the Flying fortress was dispelled, but Mystic, as if having foreseen all of this, attacked with the Destruction Mirrors from all sides while lowering the Flying fortress, to hold him off. There were a total of eleven higher existences in that place.

“Y, Your Majesty.”

“It’s His Majesty!”

“His Majesty has come!”

As expected of the race with good eyes, the elves instantly recognized Yu IlHan’s face. Their faces colored in fear and uncomfort were instantly changed to that of joy and relief, and it seemed as if all that happened just now was but an act.

“Your Majesty!”

“Your Majesty, we were waiting for you!”

“Your Majesty!”

[Khaaak! What is he!]

The higher existence shouted as if to defeat all those shouts of joy. The elves retreated in fear, thinking ‘Oh, there was that’, when Yu IlHan, who landed on the ground as if to separate the higher existences and his subordinates spread Aegis to protect his subordinates while speaking.

“These guys are enemies.”

“Yes, sir!”

Loyalty to the emperor was absolute! Regardless of how the Garden of Sunset acted before, and regardless of how they acted right now, that didn’t matter. The elves immediately considered the Garden of Sunset as enemies and retreated backwards.

[You, just what…..]

“You guys just protect yourselves.

Looks like Falling Down will increase rapidly in level while I stay in Dareu – thought Yu IlHan as he covered the entire region in flames.

“It will be over soon.”

The battle ended within 15 minutes.

Yu IlHan’s level had increased by 3.



Chapter 231

[J, just why is a mere lower existence going against us the Garden of Sunset? Do you realize what kind of doom you’re bringing upon yourself……!?]

“I’m not sure, but I sure do know what kind of doom awaits you.”

[Kugh!?]

Just why were their death threat repertoires all the same? Perhaps because these guys were all just minor mobs in their respective factions? Yu IlHan thought that it was very unfortunate, as he pierced the neck of the last remaining member of the Garden.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have become level 278. 1 Strength, 1 Agility, 2 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

[You have earned the record of Lv321 El Phisadein.]

“Whoa, the one that easily killed dragons was easily killed by His Majesty.”

“Just how strong has His Majesty become?”

He was even worried that they would get bored of whispering all the time like that. With a bitter smile, he was about to pick up the corpse of the leader-like being amongst this group of Garden of Sunset beings here, when he felt something and exclaimed. There was an abnormally large jewel between his neck and heart, and was emitting a mysterious light.

“So this guy has a magic stone? I finally get to see some more magic stones, eh.”

Liera was dumbstruck at his comment.

“So you’re speaking as if using 5th class stones are the natural…….?”

“I killed so much, so I should at least get this much, no?”

Until now, he somehow had horrible luck with magic stones against higher existences, and including this fight, he had acquired a total of three 5th class magic stones. One for upgrading Yumir’s armor, and one for making a new part of Yu IlHan’s armor with Chaos Will’s remaining half of the body, would still leave him with another one!

“Then with these, I should…..”

“Your Majesty!”

“Your Majestyyy!”

However, Yu IlHan could not continue to ponder where to use the new magic stone. When all the enemies died, the elves in that place rushed towards him.

“Your Majesty!”

“Your Majesty, *sob*, you were too late!”

“It really is His Majesty!”

“He became a lot stronger!”

“Your Majesty!”

“…….”

Seeing the passionate elves as if they were fans meeting their idol in person, not to mention Yu IlHan, his allies were all dumbstruck as well. In what world would Yu IlHan be loved and attended to so much!

“Your Majesty, you became cooler!”

“He was already cool!”

“I know, but he became a lot cooler!”

“Your Majesty, how did you become stronger than that? It has only been 5 years!”

“Guys, first quiet down.”

The elves that rushed as if they would pour kisses on him all became muted at Yu IlHan’s words.

The company were speechless yet again. They were shocked when the elves accepted when Yu IlHan deemed the Garden of Sunset as enemies, but looking at things now, that was nothing.

“I’m also really glad to see you, but it doesn’t look like the situation will allow us to do much. Isn’t that so, Mirfa?”

“Yes, Your Majesty.”

Mirfa, who was silently grabbing on to the end of his sleeves among the elves, stepped forward while lowering her head as though she was thankful that she was remembered.

Yu IlHan was worried that something might have happened to her since she had the artifact to control the formation, but fortunately, it seemed like both her and the artifact were safe. Mirfa, who predicted what he was thinking from his gaze, spoke with a small smile.

“I did not bring it out. They were also aware of the existence of the magic formation, and they seemed to be looking for a way to use it.”

“Since I obliterated the guys here, even idiots would notice something. It won’t be strange even if they tried to tinker with the magic formation now.”

“However, to destroy the magic formation that became one with the continent itself, even higher existences would have to put in a sizable amount of effort.

“Probably, it just needs to endure for a little while as I modify it.”

“Modify? What do you mean?”

“The magic formation.”

“…….”

Although he was unsure about implementing a whole magic formation on the continent from scratch, maintaining and upgrading the already existing formation wasn’t that hard for him. Especially with his top-of-the-line mana crafting techniques and magic engineering knowledge!

Mirfa realized that Yu IlHan hadn’t just become stronger physically during the past 5 years.

“So Your Majesty is always above our imaginations……”

“Master, I’m glad to see that you’re safe.”

If Mirfa represented the elves, Ericia did so for the wolfkin. She had already reached 4th class, and perhaps due to that, her beauty had become more shiny than before.

No, she was literally glowing from her hair and body right now. Before, she was a wolf with black hair, but perhaps this is due to the fact that she received the essence of the moon while acquiring 4th class? Her hair and eyebrows had changed into a lightly glowing silver. This was proof that she had become incomparably stronger than before.

“So you protected the elves until now huh? Thanks. Receiving you as one of my subordinates is one of the best choices I made in life.”

“Fufu.”

When Yu IlHan praised her while stroking her hair, Ericia relaxed her icy expression and made a small smile. From the fact that her silver wolf ears above her hair were twitching seemed to imply that she was feeling rather happy.

“Flemir, you worked hard too.”

“Not at all. I only protected Lady Ericia.”

Behind her was Flemir standing with a stiff expression as ever. It seemed that he had become stronger than before as he had expected. Well, they did experience the 4th and 5th Great Cataclysms, so it would be strange if they didn’t.

“It’s fortunate that you guys are safe, Ericia.”

“……Master, does that mean…?”

As expected of a beast, she read the minute emotions in his words and voiced in worry. Yu IlHan made a small nod and raised his head. All the wolves and elves were looking at him right now.

“I wish you’d all listen to me.”

“Your Majesty.”

“Do you mean the fight against the Garden of Sunset?

“Did you fight them in other places already?”

Yu IlHan ignored the baptism of questions and spoke as shortly as possible.

“Phiria, as well as the elves and wolfkin that were with her, had all died.”

“Just wha…..”

“How can this be?”

Everyone became depressed other than the extreme minority that predicted this would happen. The reactions of the 3 of the 4 elves under Yu IlHan were the most intense.

“How can that be? She was the fastest and most secretive of the four of us!”

“Shit……!”

“Your Majesty, I may be very rude but…… did you confirm her death?”

Right now, Paté was the most calm of them all. Yu IlHan nodded with a bitter smile, before taking out the corpse of the member of the Garden of Sunset he had killed before.

Two daggers and a whip fell out from the shock. Not only that, even the armor that was worn by layering several times around the body was Phiria’s. It did not take long for the elves with the long lifespan to realize the meaning.

“Phiria…….”

“Phiria……!”

“From the moment she acted separately from you guys, she became their primary target. It was because her equipment was too strong. It seemed that they thought that no one would know because they wiped out all of Phiria’s company, but…….”

As long as Yu IlHan had the Record skill, no one could hide the truth from him. Of course, this was only meaningful if others believed his words, but the ones here were those that definitely believed in his words.

It was quite sorry for the loner Yu IlHan, but right now, Yu IlHan could only think about answering their trust.

Paté asked.

“Your Majesty, then her body…..?”

“If you wish for it, I can take you to the scene….. However, I could not find her remains with my power.”

“…….”

“Should I take you there?”

“No.”

Paté shook his head. when his eyes affixed on the ground looked at Yu IlHan again, his eyes were burning.

“We should have other things to do right now.”

“It’s good that you catch on fast, Paté.”

Yu IlHan’s lips curved into a smile. Paté’s rage spread among his allies faster than Yu IlHan’s flames could, and the mood that welcomed Yu IlHan disappeared among the elves and in place was a violent rage and wish for vengeance. It seemed that levels weren’t the only thing that they had developed during the past 5 years.

Yu IlHan continued to speak in order to not dissipate their rage, and to sharpen their fangs.

“I think you vaguely know already, but Dareu has entered the realm of higher worlds. As you did not expect it, I did not expect this either, and I only came here a step too late but……”

His gaze stayed on the corpse of the higher existence for a moment, and especially on the pair of daggers that were on the ground next to it. The moment he saw that, Phiria’s figure flashed by in his head, and his next words were stuck in his throat.

“IlHan?”

“……I’m fine.”

Shit, he really wasn’t used to losing this like this. Since he had never got something in life, he was hundreds of times more sensitive to losing his things that he had acquired after much effort!

Things wouldn’t be this way in the future. Never, not even one!

He swallowed the ‘something’ that was about to shoot out from his throat and continued speaking.

“Right now, the Garden of Sunset and the Destruction Demon Army has entered this world, and perhaps the Army of Brilliant Light and the Heaven’s Army may try to step in later. However, the important thing is this.”

Declared he while stabbing his spear into the already dead higher existence.

“Consider all four of them enemies. Everything other than you on this land is your enemy.”

“Yes, your highness!”

Yu IlHan’s voice was very firm, and his subordinates gave a short but clear answer. They had neither doubts nor fear.

“For now, bury your condolences to your dead colleagues in your heart. We will only acquire qualifications to send them off after everything is over. …….Mir, let’s have your mother’s funeral at that time as well.”

“Okay.”

“And so, this is war. No, to be exact…”

Yu IlHan looked at the state of equipment that the elves had, which were tattered as they were not maintained for over 5 years; the magic formation which the higher existences may tinker with at any moment, the Flying fortress that still had an incomplete holy region, as well as the tired elves and wolfkin before raising his hand.

On his hand was the Hourglass of Eternity. This grew with him, and now that he became level 278, he could use this miraculous artifact to cover a region that he couldn’t even imagine before, when he first acquired it.

“It’s war preparation time.”

When Yu IlHan gripped his hand, the light that fell from the Hourglass of Eternity covered Yu IlHan and his group; the elves and wolfkin; as well as the boundless forest and the Flying fortress. The elves and wolfkin were only blinking in confusion, and when Yu IlHan saw that, he spoke with a smile.

“You guys have some sleep first.”

“But, if we sleep in this situation……”

“Well, if you do sleep in this situation……”

Embracing the two months of freedom that were only allowed to them, Yu IlHan spoke in a playful voice.

“Surprisingly, nothing would have changed.”



Chapter 232

The elves wondered if it was alright for them to be at such a leisure when Phiria and the others had died, and while many higher existences were invading Dareu, but as the order from their emperor was absolute, they decided to go inside the Flying fortress and have a rest.

“You guys rest too.”

“Although that castle master has built is very large, I wonder if it’s possible to house all of the wolfkin that numbers in the tens of thousands…..”

Yu IlHan nodded at Ericia’s words.

“That’s true I guess……. then I guess I should be making a satellite too. I think I can solve that within two months.”

“A satellite!?”

Yu IlHan ignored Liera shock. He saw it coming anyway.

He first left the wolfkin to have a rest in a place within the barrier created by the Hourglass of Eternity, and only let Ericia and a few others who were used to human form, into the Flying fortress.

The nervousness was not that much different for Ericia, and she hesitated as to whether she should rest or not.

“Will it really be alright if I rest?”

“Think about it after you have a good rest. Hey, Paté, Mirey, Jirl, you guys are the same. I know you have a lot to talk about but calm down and rest first. You can come to me later.”

“Y, yes!”

“Understood!”

Perhaps they didn’t want to leave Yu IlHan after meeting him in such a long time, or they wanted to hear more about Phiria, the three elves were hiding nearby and when they were found out by Yu IlHan, they all went into the Flying fortress.

He looked at that scene with a faint smile, before lifting his head. Kang HaJin and Na YuNa were staring at him. He tilted his head.

“Huh, didn’t I mention about the Hourglass of Eternity before?”

“You didn’t! You never told us you had such an OP item!”

“It’s an artifact Heaven’s Army gave me to make good relations with me.”

“An entire faction of higher existences, gave you that, just to make good relations, huh……”

Well, it was quite sad that he was thinking that they may have had some hidden intentions behind this.

Ever since Yu IlHan found out that the Heaven’s Army had abandoned them, Yu IlHan checked on all things that they gave him, like the Hourglass of Eternity, or his inventory, but there were no big problems.

Just one. There was a trace of Erta on the Hourglass of Eternity, but since it was nothing that could harm him, he just skipped past it.

Erta, huh. Is it really alright to trust her at this point in time? – he pondered on that for a long time, but in the end, he decided to judge for himself after he met her. Just because a faction was wrong in their actions didn’t mean that the individuals in it were wrong as well.

No, in fact, this was just an excuse. Yu IlHan simply didn’t want to hate Erta. Only after such thing happened, did he realize that he gave so much affection to her even though she had only been sent from heaven to enable him to use mana.

This was why loners were no good. Their emotions grew in size unbeknownst to anyone, even to themselves.

While Yu IlHan fell into his delusion, Kang HaJin spoke in absurdity.

“There’s a new thing about you no matter how much I dig into you.”

“Sheesh, go sleep or just stay still.”

“I’ll go imbue holy power into the holy region. Oppa, let’s go.”

“My holy powers is only a firefly compared to a sun like you……. Hey, okay! I get it! I’m going, alright!”

Na YuNa, who saw something, quickly returned to the Flying fortress, taking Kang HaJin with her. Yu IlHan felt that she was strangely in a hurry, and turned his head when he found Liera facing him. Now, only the two of them were left.

“IlHan.”

Her voice was trembling a little.

“Are you planning to go against the Heaven’s Army?”

“Oh, so you were worried about that.”

“Perhaps I didn’t give you much help while I was an angel belonging to the Heaven’s Army, but Heaven’s Army fundamentally moves in order to protect the mankind that makes up a world. It’s our rules.”

“But why are you going against them?” – asked Liera in worry. Yu IlHan replied with a bitter smile.

“Liera. What I’m afraid of is not someone that’s an enemy from the beginning, but of an ally that may turn into an enemy at any time.”

“Turn into an enemy……?”

Liera thought about the words he said and bit her lips after realizing something. It seemed that she had her own thoughts. He patted her had to calm her down.

“Don’t worry too much. I’m not planning to attack angels as soon as I see them. I’m only saying that I’m preparing against everything that can occur in this world, as well as on Earth.”

“It will be good if you can, but I’m worried that you are dreaming of something too big.”

“Not at all. I’m only doing what I feel is achievable.”

“IlHan……”

Liera looked at him with worried eyes. However, Yu IlHan was already raising his hammer.

“Well, then. Let’s finish off the holy region first!”

“You idiot.”

This part was where they should go into a deep skinship in order to console the worried lover, but this guy just burned in passion to work!

It wasn’t like Liera didn’t have the urge to suppress him in an Angel Hold after smacking him on the forehead, but it was impossible after all, as there were some heads that were peeking out of the Flying fortress.

“Liera, you go rest. Or go train your skills.”

“Training at this point wouldn’t let me go any higher……. No, well. Looking at you, that doesn’t exactly seem to be the case, though.”

Until a moment ago, she was tense in worry, but seeing Yu IlHan reply to her like it was nothing, strength left her body. She loosened her shoulders and turned around.

“Ok, it’s fine. It’s fine now.”

“Oh, Liera.”

Liera thought that she should swing her spear and punch with her fists to shake away all trivial thoughts and headed to the forest with her spear. Yu IlHan shouted to her.

“If you’re doing it anyway, please pull out the roots of the trees around! I’m going to make a satellite out of this region”

“Don’t push work on me at times like these, idiot!”

However, she still obediently swung her spear and fist to clean up the trees around. Yu IlHan watched her do that in satisfaction and flew into the Flying fortress. While the elves and a single moon wolf was rushing into the fortress, Na YuNa, who shamelessly stood there without running, spoke with a bright smile.

“Well, let’s start work!”

“Pretending to be calm eh.”

“Ouch, eheheh.”

Making the Flying fortress into a Holy region was tremendously difficult. Perhaps anyone other than Yu IlHan wouldn’t be able to do it. That was because, in the first place, holy regions referred to places where traces of the goddess Leytna remained in one area strongly, with the aura being compressed over hundreds of years to generate holy power on its own.

To make that artificially, what was first needed was the holy stones that contained the goddess’s holy power, and since he had acquired several of the highest-tier holy stones, it would do to just mix them with all sorts of magic stones and other high-class materials to make them into artifacts before placing them over the holy region.

“I think most people wouldn’t even think of that.”

“It’s almost done. I just need to make the central system at the center of the mansion and give the control permission to Mystic.”

However, that wasn’t it. A holy region did not refer to a place with overflowing holy power. Only after a goddess fitting of the holy region would make the holy power grow in quality! Of course, the one that replaced the goddess was none other than Na YuNa.

“Ehehe, it’s quite embarrassing.”

“You don’t look embarrassed at all though. Anyway, you just sit still for now.”

“Okay~.”

Of course, the Flying fortress was Yu IlHan’s possession, but the master of the holy region inside should be Na YuNa. She had to be able to communicate with the holy powers within the region, and also be able to freely wield them to recreate the miracle that she showed in Breya!

The crown of the pope that was required to do that was already in her hands. That was more brilliant than any other holy stones, and made people wonder if a part of god would materialize into something like that!

Yu IlHan primarily linked the holy region and the crown, and was making a system for Na YuNa to control the holy region by linking her thoughts to the crown. The reason Na YuNa was emitting her holy powers to imbue them into the ground and the artifacts was also required to create that link!

“Please be consistent. Oh, Mr. Kang HaJin doesn’t have to come any closer.”

“This feels strange for some reason~.”

“Although you might have a hard time moving right now, you’ll be more comfortable when you get used to it. It’s also to widen Miss YuNa’s senses and recognition, so it’s a good thing if anything.”

Yu IlHan perfectly implemented the holy region control system in the study of the mansion and linked it with Mystic.

The artifacts that settled in their places started activating to fill the insides of the Flying fortress with Leytna’s holy power, then the control over that holy power was given to the crown of the pope, and it was again linked to Na YuNa.

“U, uuu.”

“Endure it.”

In the process of acquiring the control of the holy power of the artificial holy region, by synchronizing with the crown, she experienced a very sudden change in recognition as if a human with two eyes had suddenly become the monster Argos with one hundred eyes.

At that moment, the holy power in the area became turbulent to make a small storm. Kang HaJin, who was waiting, immediately stepped up to absorb the holy power and shouted.

“Na YuNa, control it! I’m going to die!”

“I can’t! It doesn’t do as I will it!”

“Ugh!?”

The current her could create a massive explosion by compressing the holy power within the holy region, with a flick of a finger, and could flip a portion of the land if she slipped her foot. Na YuNa fell into panic!

“I couldn’t do this in the real holy region!”

“That’s the difference between nature and civilization. Meaning, this place would become stronger later.”

“It’s too hard. Ah, I need something else to concentrate on! Like you, Mr. IlHan!”

“What ever it is, do something! Urgh!”

“…….”

Yu IlHan hesitated for a moment, but seeing that Kang HaJin maybe thrown out of the Flying fortress at any time, he came to the conclusion that he couldn’t help it and extended an arm to Na YuNa. She grabbed his palm with her both hands and rubbed her face on his arm.

“Hafuuu.”

“That’s a strange sound.”

“It’s just your imagination.”

However, there was indeed signs of the berserk flow of holy power calming down. He just gave her an arm, and this happened… he made a bitter smile.

“……And so? How long do I need to do this for?”

“The moment you go away from me, HaJin-oppa will fall from the fortress.”

“A threat!?”

“Hey, you coward! No, no, no. Mr. Yu IlHan, don’t move from the spot! I said don’t move!”

Na YuNa let Yu IlHan’s arms go after around 3 hours had passed. Yu IlHan was prepared for 30 hours, no, 3 days, no, even 3 weeks, but Na YuNa succeeded in controlling the holy region in just that short time.

“Wao, I can even make holy stones on the spot! Tada.”

“YuNa, is it fine for you to make them like that?”

“The holy region and I don’t have a problem, but there’s a small problem that it consumes the mana of this world. Tada.”

“That’s a huge problem!”

“……”

Seeing her freely wielding the holy power within the holy region like she was born with it, he even questioned if she needed 3 hours in the first place.

However, Yu IlHan decided not to ask. Even if she answered truthfully, it would be his loss, not hers.

‘Won’t a good man for her appear already?’

However, if a good man really did appear and take her, he would probably feel really bad. Perhaps this was why all men were called thieves? They should just let go of the women they couldn’t take care of!

Yu IlHan really didn’t like that fact that such unreasonable emotions were sprouting inside him, and decided to leave this matter here.

“*Sigh*, let’s just work. Let’s just make the satellite, and equipment for the elves and wolfkin……”

“Looks like you relieve stress by productive activities, Mr. IlHan~.”

“An entire civilization might advance into a new age if that guy has depression……”

The surviving elves numbered around one and a half thousand, while the wolfkin numbered around twenty thousand. To make legend ranked equipment for them, and perhaps even epic ranked equipment for all of them, the time taken should be……

“Around a month and a half if I take my time, I guess? If it’s like that, I should create the core materials and the blueprint of the satellite and make those guys do some foundational construction.”

Yu IlHan, who had instantly planned an entire schedule for the two months, took out a pen and sheets of sturdy paper to make a blueprint. Na YuNa was surprised at his sudden change in attitude and only looked at his back.

The Hourglass of Eternity had just been flipped. While no higher existences noticed the gap of two months, the revolution that would change war from its roots, was beginning in this place.



Chapter 233

When the elves and the wolfkin woke up from their sweet rest, the world hadn’t changed a single bit. No intense battles, no suspicious higher existences; nothing was able to invade their area. It was as if they were isolated from the world.

“The flow of the air is……”

“It’s the same with the surrounding scenery. Oh, but a lot of the trees are gone.”

“Just what happened?”

“If you woke up, then please come this way.”

“Ah, Your Majesty!”

Next to Yu IlHan was a mountain of paper, and in front of that, new sheets of paper was coming out from a black metallic machine continuously.

Of course, what made up those pile of sheets were blueprints that were required to build the satellite. After realizing that he had to hand out one to each and every one of the elves and wolfkin, he ended up developing a pseudo-photocopier!

“I’m going make a foothold to win this war. Cooperate.”

“Foothold……?”

“Just, what is……?”

“You just need to put those into action. Well, then. Let’s start!”

Their doubts did not last long. What was necessary was already explained on the blueprint, and the materials necessary for construction were already within Yu IlHan’s inventory!

Of course, delicate control and mana crafting required Yu IlHan himself, so what they were doing was to build the basic foundation and confirm the area of the satellite, but that was enough from them.

“Like this, the construction happens once again……”

“Move if you have the time to speak! We are on a tight schedule if we consider your training as well!”

“As expected of His Majesty! Unfaltering in his work!”

“I said move!”

The elves and wolfkin had fast adaptation speeds and they quickly got used to the large scale construction process of building an aerial fortress after flipping over the entire area. The enormous region was separated according to areas, and they split up suitably to construct in their own areas.

“Area 1-A-13, construction complete!”

“Area 2-C-27, support! We require support!”

“We are lacking materials, what do we do?”

“Mana cement incoming!”

The forest that was the habitat for the elves for several hundred years. Right now, it was being tainted by the greed of humans. They wiped out any traces of nature in pursuit of civilization, and were inserting metal pipes and cements and whatnot into the ground to terraform the area!

“So Mr. IlHan can make anyone a construction worker~.”

Muttered Na YuNa while playing around with compressed holy power at the entrance of the mansion, watching the elves and wolfkin busy working. Ericia, who was carrying an enormous metal pillar, found her and spoke with narrowed eyes.

“Don’t be so leisurely and work.”

“I need to adapt to the holy region!”

“Oh, you also have some work to do, Miss YuNa.”

“Kek.”

“Fufu, good for you.”

The merciless Yu IlHan did not allow anyone to rest. His eyes were akin to that of the quartermaster trying to give any kind of work to the soldiers. Not that Yu IlHan had ever been to the military or anything!

“Miss YuNa, please make some holy stones from now. I’ll give you all the magic stones you need.”

“What are you going to do with them?”

“Well, of course, I’ll make the satellite into a holy region. Although it would not be as good as the Flying fortress, I’m planning to give some buffs to the ones residing in it.”

“Uhiiik.”

As Na YuNa’s exceptional ability allowed her to adapt to the artificial holy region very fast, if this area was extended, she really wasn’t confident in controlling all of it.

However, just as she was about to say that she was not confident, Yu IlHan grabbed her hands with glistening eyes and spoke in a voice that tickled her heart.

“Please, Miss YuNa.”

“…….I, I guess I can’t help it if you want me to do it that much.”

“IlHan, you…… are seriously evil.”

“Nah, Miss YuNa told me to do it like this when I had something to ask of her.”

“Ah, why did you say that!”

“Oho.”

Na YuNa had to be first beaten up by Liera before going to work. Yu IlHan thought that the two really got along well, before going back to his work. His ‘work’ being, making equipments for all elves and wolfkin.

Other than a few elves and wolfkin under Yu IlHan’s rule, the rest were equipped with rare or inferior equipment. Even though it had been several years since Yu IlHan stopped making anything under unique rank!

This was no good. They had to survive amidst higher existences, and if their equipment was not perfect, even the ones with potential will not blossom properly.

‘I really wish I could make them all with 5th class materials……’

No matter how much 5th class beings he had killed, it still amounted to less than one hundred, and he could not cover for them all. He might screw up while trying to be fair and give them all equal ones, so it would be better for him to focus on equipping the high-levelled core members, as well as the Flying fortress and the satellite.

However, with that, he’d get leftover materials. Then, with that…

“Good, I can only use alloying+plating combo.’

Other than a few things that he left aside for a specific purpose, he ground five corpses belonging to higher existences, and produced a massive amount of alloy by combining it with the metals he had in his storage.

Of course, that was still lacking in order to make 40,000 equipments. This was purely for plating. The main materials were of course, the corpses of perverted demons which were both good in quality and plenty in quantity!

“Then.”

The preparations were done. Yu IlHan awoke the Eternal Flame sleeping inside the Infernal dragon body before moving it to the furnace, and heaved a deep sigh after feeling the hot air inside the workshop.

“Let’s start.”

He started working on the mass production of over 40,000 equipment, including both weapons and armor.

“Be careful not to let it go over!”

“Pour it here. Sorry? Mix it with holy stones?”

“Area 1-D-13, construction complete!”

“Area 3-C-2, construction complete!”

“It’s not complete! We still have additional work!”

Construction was a very good prescription to the elves and wolfkin who were panicking due to the sudden change in their environments. They just needed to run forward without thinking about anything else. The most positive aspect about this was that this would help protecting them.

“How long has it been?”

“A month and a few days!”

“Wow, a lot changed during that time.”

Because the Flying fortress was just his mansion and the mansion ground floating in the air, the Flying fortress didn’t look like it was a fortress from the outside, aside from the fact that it was floating in the air. Different to that, the new satellite fortress that was designed with intense battle and defense in mind, felt a little crueler with all the plants gone and concrete that replaced it.

It was the same with the tall sturdy walls of the fortress containing sharp spike traps, but there were all sorts of installation type weapons as well as battle camps where they could prepare for battle while switching around, which made the onlookers very nervous for some reason.

As this was a fortress constructed for elves and wolfkin, the environment was optimized for their battle as well, and the one thing that Yu IlHan poured his mind into the most was the jumping pads installed in the fortress.

The jumping pads helped one to instantly exit the satellite fortress and ambush against the enemy as long as they jumped with the right power and at the right angle, but it was of course made as an artifact, so it had the option to raise attack power and jumping power the moment one used it. If the tens of thousands of wolfkin all jumped into the jumping pads at once, not even bones would be left of the enemy.

Other than that, there was a line of small ballistas for castle defense for the elves that had great sniping abilities; a poisonous swamp that the wolfkin could dowse their claws in before attacking (* does not work against allies.); as well as secondary and even tertiary walls that can be collapsed and rebuilt at any time!

The problem was that the various elements of the satellite fortress and the satellite fortress itself was not made into artifacts yet, and could not be used in real battle just yet. The elves still could not believe that this fortress would be able to fly high like the Flying castle. They only thought that Yu IlHan had poured a lot of his mind into constructing a line of defense!

And when 43 days passed after the barrier was put up, the moment finally arrived.

“Area 1-A-3, construction complete!”

“Huh? Then where do we have left?”

“None!”

“It’s over!”

“Did we really do it!?”

“Y, yay!”

“I still don’t get what’s happening though!”

“Woof! Wooof!”

“Awooo!”

The elves and the wolfkin became of one mind. The joy of liberation from labor, and the sense of achievement that they finished this massive construction work! Above all, the fact that they could properly carry out Yu IlHan’s orders made them happy.

At that time, Yu IlHan also left his mansion. As he roughly knew what happened after hearing their cheers, Yu IlHan immediately jumped down from the Flying fortress and landed in the middle of the satellite fortress.

“Ah, Your Majesty!”

“Your Majesty!”

“Stop there.”

Where they cast with some magic that made them long for him if they didn’t see him for one day? Yu IlHan actually didn’t like showing up in front of them that much since they all called him Your Majesty and tried to rush into him. Would there be a day where they get used to his presence? He only wished that the day would come soon.

“It’s perfect. You’ve worked hard, everyone. It’s above my expectations.”

“It’s all thanks to your Majesty!”

Really, he wanted to let them rest now, but it seemed that it would be better to finish it off here and now. He gathered all the elves and wolfkin into a clearing and called his subordinates out.

“First, Ericia, Flemir, Paté, Jirl, Mirey.”

“We’re ready.”

“Yes.”

“Yes, Your Majesty!”

“Take these.”

“Sorry……?”

“Whoa.”

He handed out weapons, armors and accessories to each of them. Only Paté with the epic-ranked bow did not receive a new weapon. The weapon and armor he gave out were all at epic rank. Each of them were given 5 accessories as well, and each of them were at least legend rank.

“*Hiccup*.”

“Just what……”

“I promised you. that I’ll give you all epic ranked equipment and not only Paté if you do well. I’m only carrying out that promise.”

“But how can we receive such…….”

They hesitated in front of the enormous treasure in front of them. Yu IlHan made a bitter smile while looking at them.

“Receive them when I give it to you. I’m not going to see any of my subordinates die again.”

“…….Yes, sir.”

“Understood.”

His subordinates were secretly jealous of Paté all this time. The power behind his bow helped him survive any battle, and the power that could call the dead enemies into undead helped them win a battle they should originally not be able to win against.

Moreover, as it was bestowed by Yu IlHan, they felt that Paté was receiving special treatment from Yu IlHan, and they were envious. But now, everyone could be equipped with epic ranked equipment!

“There aren’t many that has special abilities like Paté’s. But the power should be sufficient.”

“It’s more than enough!”

“U, Uoooh. My mana……!”

Epic ranked meant that their equipment didn’t lose out much to what Yu IlHan was using. Yu IlHan had used the remains of higher existences to bring their battle capabilities to the maximum.

His objective was to make them hold off against one higher existence by cooperating with each other, while being backed up by Na YuNa in the holy region, and seeing them hurrying to adapt to their gear right now, it seemed possible after all.

“It’s not the end. Next is your turn.”

Declared Yu IlHan while looking at the elves and wolfkin that were exclaiming. The elves didn’t understand who he was referring to and Mirfa asked as their representative.

“Do you mean you have made equipment for all of us?”

“Yup.”

Yu IlHan called out equipments enough to arm the one and a half thousand elves and the twenty thousand wolfkin. They were made with over half of the materials from the perverted demons he had stacked up until now, and were all at least of legend rank, boasting their glows that filled the area.

“Wooow.”

“…….This idiot. He surpassed the armory of the Heaven’s Army within mere two months.”

“Oh my god, all these weapons are all….!”

Yu IlHan bestowed all of those equipment to the elves and wolfkin without so much as flinching an eyebrow, even though any of those equipment would call about a massive ripple to any world out there. Of course, he didn’t give it to them for free.

“Take them. And now that you’re armed with those, your objective is to.”

Ther lower existence that surpassed all history of artifacts of all worlds, declared his ambition.

“Obliterate a higher existence with a thousand of you.”

With the equipment set that Yu IlHan had poured his blood and sweat into, it may actually be possible for lower existences to beat higher existences. The proof of such a thing was steadily approaching.



Chapter 234

The battle powers of the newly armed elves and wolfkin were doubled, or even tripled compared to before. Even if their levels or skills lacked in some parts, excellent weapons would fill that gap!

Moreover, these fellows had all broke through level 150 at least thanks to their rapid growth amongst the rapidly changing environment of Dareu. It would be a spectacle if they all broke through to 4th class!

“If they could acquire the experience from killing higher existences, that actually may just be possible.”

Here was a guy that was thinking of shameless stuff in a war for a higher world. The problem being, that it was actually quite realistic.

“Combining with the Dragon’s Army, it will be a frightening force.”

“They are under Mir, but yeah, I guess.”

A force under the loner Yu IlHan? If the him of 5 years ago had heard this, he would have burst into laughter. However, right now, it was quite real. Yu IlHan laughed seeing that they were struggling to adapt to their increased powers. Then, he thought of something.

“The Rule skill is also just before mastery…… should I subordinate some of them?”

“I’ve prepared a list.”

As expected of Ericia who was ready, she carefully handed him a paper despite the fact that he only casually said that. From the fact that the names of elves and wolfkin were listed in the order of importance, it didn’t look like she prepared this in just one or two days.

“Amazing.”

“Thank you.”

When he praised Ericia, some people whispered behind his back.

“That wolf is suspicious too.”

“She’s still fine since she’s bound to hierarchy, unni. …….Unless Mr. IlHan is moved or something.”

“Quit your yapping over there.”

Yu IlHan’s Rule skill was currently at level 98. Although it was normally impossible to level up the Rule skill so fast, Yu IlHan’s subordinates didn’t lack in rarity or growth speed so he had reached this level in such a short amount of time.

Of course, the remaining two levels didn’t increase like hell, but if he took in some more elves and wolves and raise them, mastery would perhaps not be far away. This was another reason why Yu IlHan wanted to take in additional subordinates.

“It is my honor for you to make me into your subordinate, Your Majesty! I’ll do my best in the future, for you! By your side!”

“Uh, no, you don’t have to go that far.”

“I’ll do my best.”

Yu IlHan prioritized in accepting the elves who had high levels and had potential to grow further while possessing special abilities, as well as wolfkin who could change into human form thanks to the blessing of the moon, then he accepted new subordinates until his Rule skill did not allow any more.

If one became his subordinate, then that one would be strengthened under the effect of the Rule skill, and not only that, they could become closer to Yu IlHan, so the elves that saw that Yu IlHan took in additional subordinates glistened their eyes in order to become the next one. Their loyalty was frightening in some places.

“Fuu.”

“I want to move my body.”

“I want to prove myself to His Majesty.”

The distribution of the new equipment and the receipt of the new subordinate finished in a flash. Originally, Yu IlHan was going to give them some time to rest, but it seemed that the elves and the wolfkin thought differently. They desired to repay Yu IlHan, and at the same time, receive his approval.

“Let’s go into training immediately. There’s only around 2 weeks left too.”

“To think they like moving more than resting, they’re all perverts alright.”

Hearing Yu IlHan’s words, Liera thought that they were all becoming similar to their master Yu IlHan, but didn’t voice that out loud.

“Good, then this will be the beginning of the battle training. I’m not asking each of you to hold off against a higher existence alone. Whether it’s a hundred or a thousand of you, you need to be able to go against a higher existence without any sacrifices. Liera will take the role of the trainer.”

“Good, I’ll train you all good!”

She was once a 6th class, and had a seriously good ability even now when she had fallen to 4th class. If it was her, she would be able to teach them the power of higher existences without killing the elves or the wolfkin. Yu IlHan left them all under Liera’s charge.

Meanwhile, the Dragon’s Army under Yumir were doing battle training even while the elves and wolfkin were doing construction work, and they were also fighting against Yumir and would be completely beaten up by him in order to go against higher existences in the future.

In fact, Yumir was slightly lacking compared to a real higher existence, but if he received the support from Na YuNa in the holy region, that wasn’t exactly the case.

When the battle training commenced for real, cheers and shouts of pain started bursting out here and there. Just from the sound, it was no different from hell.

[And you, master?]

“I’m going to complete the satellite.”

[…….Do you really have to call it that?]

“Well, the name will change once it’s complete.”

Yu IlHan looked around the new fortress and didn’t hold back on his 4th class magic stones to create artifacts. He focused especially on the jumping pads, and gave some variations to each of the poisonous swamps, and checked on the wind traps that were only made thanks to Yumir’s techniques. Other than that, he checked a lot of other things that needed his hand, and that took 3 days.

“Good, now this fortress is prepared.’

[Oh, a 5th class magic stone. So you were going to use it here?]

“It’s good that there’s still one left.”

Yu IlHan had a total of three 5th class magic stones.

One of them was used in the upgrade of Yumir’s armor, the Breath of Gold. The Breath of Gold rose from Chaos rank to Demigod rank. The power inside the magic stone dissolved into it more naturally, and if it acquired enough records through him battling, then the Breath of Gold will also grow in power and reach God rank.

Another one was used in the new parts for Yu IlHan’s armor, the Infernal dragon body. Using the remaining half of the body of the naturally occurring 6th class that resented Yu IlHan, Chaos Will, as well as the 5th class magic stone, he made a pair of gauntlets.

The Infernal dragon body was originally made with new parts in mind, into a form that covered his entire body, right above his skin, so it was possible to make any additional parts, and the amazing thing about the Infernal dragon body was that the equipped armor can be stored as a part of its own and share its abilities, at the same time it took the role of the central control system for the new parts to prevent the mana going berserk. His objective was to strengthen it by adding boots, a helmet, a torso armor and a lower body armor.

In any case, using two magic stones there, two were left, and the remaining one was taken out this time. To make the satellite a mobile aerial fortress like the Flying fortress!

But somehow, Yu IlHan hesitated for a moment when the only thing he had to do was to activate mana crafting.

“Fuu.”

[That’s unlike you, master.]

“Nah, I only thought for a little.”

That was, the thought that there may have been less sacrifices if he did not let the elves and wolfkin equip with new arms; if they did not construct the fortress for them, and just make some equipment for a small, elite force to go against the higher existences.

[You’re too late in regretting that.]

“……Yeah. I was only scared for a moment. The rage from when I lost Phiria has cooled and now I’m afraid I’ll lose those that remain as well……”

He really was cowardly even when he thought about it himself – hesitating after all that he did until now. If it was his past self, he would not have hesitated in acting in consideration for others…. Was this progress, or regress as a human being? In any case, it was quite funny.

[It’s a path that they want to walk themselves. Hesitating any more will be rude to their courage and resolve.]

Orochi scolded Yu IlHan with cool words despite being a snake. A strong smash that shattered his last shred of hesitation. Yu IlHan snorted and raised his magic stone.

“I know. This is my type as well. Though, I did hesitate because I feel like I’m forcing my ways of actions onto them……”

He raised his head to look at the location where the training was carried out. Ericia, Mirey and his other subordinates were being beaten up mercilessly by Liera, but they still gritted their teeth and went against her – it was very like his past self.

Not only that, Yumir and the Dragon’s Army, the elves and the wolfkin, and all living things within the barrier was becoming similar to him. Although he didn’t know if this was a good thing or not, it did make him smile when he saw them.

“Gosh, I don’t know anymore. We’ll all live reckless lives and die due to it.”

[Nice words even though you don’t plan to let anyone go.]

Yu IlHan ignored Mystic’s words and activated Mana crafting. The region that became a fortress thanks to the one and a half months of construction, reacted to the magic stone by vibrating, and emitted brilliant light.

[Uwaaa, I can feel the sharing of the senses. Do I have to control this as well?]

“Do your best. I’ll give you an assistant when I get an obedient 5th class thought-soul later.”

[And how probable is that!]

“So you know that you’re a special case.”

His artifacts traps and castle walls that he made, and the others installed, were all tied into one by resonating with the mana from the magic stone. The satellite fortress gave out massive sounds and started cracking off from the surrounding land.

However, Yu IlHan didn’t make it float on purpose. If he did that, it would escape the barrier made by the Hourglass of Eternity.

The vibration intensified, and all the artifacts within the fortress emitted light along with mana, and at one moment, the vibration suddenly stopped and a series of texts appeared on Yu IlHan’s retina.

[Bloodlight Guardian fortress was complete.]

[Bloodlight Guardian fortress]

[Rank – Demigod]

[Durability – 15,223,004/15,223,004]

[User restrictions – bound to the Destroyer’s Flying fortress. Will go berserk once the Flying fortress is destroyed.]

[Options –

1. Recovers durability by stealing life force and mana from the attackers.

2. Grows by absorbing the records of various beings.

3. Flight enabled. Sudden acceleration, sudden rise, sudden descent, enabled.

4. 30% increase in attack power and defense of all items within the fortress

5. 30% increase in recoverability of allies within the fortress.

6. Guards against attacks aimed at the Destroyer’s Flying fortress. 30% increase in the fortress’s defense in these cases.]

[One of the miracles made by the one that walks on an unexisting path. As it was made with a simple objective in mind, the power surpasses imagination. When a miracle meets a miracle, a myth is born.]

“Good, it came out as I expected.”

[So I can’t move this now, right?]

“Wait ten more days.”

Yu IlHan called Liera, the elves and the wolfkin into the fortress. Their main battlegrounds would be this fortress, the Bloodlight Guardian fortress in the future!

“Your Majesty, does this fly as well? Really?”

“It does, but I won’t make it float for now. Calm down.”

Yu IlHan once again thought his subordinates of the artifacts within the fortress that just activated, and ordered them to use them in battle this time. Only Liera, who had to face them all, had to suffer.

“IlHan, you’re giving me too much work!”

“I’ll reward you later. Once we have some time.”

“It might as well be hundreds of years before you have some time!”

Will it really be just a few hundred years? Yu IlHan pondered on that seriously, but was seriously worried that his worries may become real and didn’t say it out loud. Then, he commenced the final piece of work that he decided to do within the barrier, with the shouts of his subordinate as the BGM.

That is, the modification of the magic formation.

[Just what can that man not do……?]

[I think there was a few before, but I don’t think there is any right now.]

[There was something before!?]

Yu IlHan’s series of actions even made Mystic and Orochi close to each other! However, disregarding what everyone else said, Yu IlHan only worked on. He put his hand on the ground, and tried to feel the magic formation installed over the entire continent.

“Before, I only used it without understanding the principles.”

[…….And you know the principles now?]

“Not only that.”

Suddenly, the 4th class magic stone in Yu IlHan’s hand seemed to glow before disappearing. When the land glowed for a very short moment, the magic formation, embedded deep under the continent, twitched minutely. Yu IlHan felt that change and made a smile.

“I can also interfere and modify it.”

The only problem was that an enormous quantity of mana had to be used in the process, but Yu IlHan still had an enormous quantity of 4th class magic stones he had got from Earth!

“Let’s see who wins.”

[Master, don’t you think that you’re being too main character-like nowadays?]

[He’s at that age so leave him alone.]

However, just as the big match between Yu IlHan’s finesse and the history of the ancient elven empire was going to begin.

[Yu IlHan?]

“…….Huh?”

Where, or how did that happen.

The voice that he thought that he would not hear for a long time, entered his ears.



Chapter 235

[So you were there. That’s fortunate……]

“Huh? Whoaah?”

[Ugh, I thought I’d have a little more time, but any more is…..]

“Huuuh!?”

[Yu IlHan, soon, my]

And the voice disconnected there. Yu IlHan stood there in confusion and tapped his cheeks. Mystic asked.

[What are you doing, master?]

“So you couldn’t hear that.”

[I did, it was definitely the voice of that angel that was with you before.]

If he heard it alone, he might have treated it as his own illusion due to his longing, but it seemed like even Orochi heard that.

[There was another angel?]

“Well, yes. There was.”

There was no doubt about it. The calm and cold voice definitely belonged to Erta. He couldn’t forget that voice. The hearty…… actually, not so hearty, but still good – ally had been with him from the beginning of the Great Cataclysm until just a few years ago!

The problem was how her voice could be transmitted to the Yu IlHan who was inside the barrier made by the Hourglass of Eternity.

“A recorded file?”

[It was live.]

Orochi immediately retorted to Yu IlHan’s words. However, he only pouted and replied.

“But unless she’s inside the barrier, that is impossible. The time inside the Hourglass of Eternity cannot be recognized outside the barrier. No, actually, there is a trace that Erta left within the Hourglass of Eternity, did she use that?”

[Nothing would come out of asking me.]

Yu IlHan thought about that, but nothing came out of it. He did not know the reason she could transmit her voice to him, nor did he know the reason she did so, but once the barrier dispels and he went outside, he would probably find out.

“Good, let’s finish it off quick and find out what’s happening outside.”

[So everything ends in work?]

In any case, he felt a little better after hearing Erta’s voice. He shouldn’t judge from the voice alone, but it seemed that she was still doing well. Moreover, since she sought Yu IlHan out first, he would be able to meet her sooner or later. Thinking about that, he subconsciously smiled.

[So, what was that just now?]

Mystic was full of questions, but no one answered her. Yu IlHan only took out new 4th class magic stones. Tens of them.

“Good, I should add some functionalities while I’m at it.”

[Master has it good, enjoying such a life. A certain someone died immediately after birth.]

“To set an alarm function on the entirety of the formation……”

Time would flow rapidly when Yu IlHan was absorbed in something. One hundred 4th class magic stones disappeared, one thousand more disappeared, and ten thousand more disappeared. In that time, the magic formation was being changed from the very foundation.

“It’ll become a mess once the barrier opens.”

“Yeah, they would immediately realize at that moment. They wouldn’t be able to do anything, though. The ancient elves were quite capable.”

“And you’re even better?”

“Of course.”

Replied Yu IlHan while feeling the presence of Liera behind his back. Of course, one of his hands was still on the ground and the other was pulling out the mana out of the magic stone.

“And the battle training?”

“I finished it for now and let them rest. But why are they so good? Especially the elves. They had tremendously high skills for their level.”

“It’s because they struggled to survive amidst dragons until now…… But finished? Why did you finish it?”

Liera gave a smack on the back of Yu IlHan’s head since he never turned around even though she was here, before speaking.

“There’s only a day left before the barrier dissipates. They can only go against higher existences if they recover their full conditions!”

“It’s already that time?”

“You really are something. You were like that this entire time?”

“I didn’t even feel the flow of time honestly……”

Yu IlHan finally realized that he was in contact with the magic formation for quite a long time. He checked on the magic formation for now, and it seemed that he would be able to finish within the allocated time.

“Okay, then you go rest too, Liera. I’ll finish this off.”

“……Shouldn’t you be saying that you want to rest with me?”

“I’m sorry about that.”

Of course, as long as Yu IlHan had work remaining, Liera had to give up on the short romantic night before the battle. It was her own fault for falling for him despite knowing that. However, she was also past the point of no return, since she thought that that his such figure was still cool.

“I’m going to rest. You shall regret missing this opportunity.”

“Oh wait, Liera, Erta gave me a message over the barrier, is that possible?”

“Erta did?”

Yu IlHan didn’t even let Liera put up her pride as a woman and changed topics. However, as his new topic was very unexpected Liera still obediently participated in it.

“Earth had already lost its connection to Heaven. But now that you’ve activated the Hourglass of Eternity here in Dareu, perhaps that was transmitted to Erta. If there is an artifact that activates the moment the Hourglass of Eternity does, then it’s not actually impossible……..But.”

“Hm?”

Liera’s voice whispered into Yu IlHan’s ears.

“Did Erta say something to you? Be honest with me.”

“Not much. She only said it’s fortunate or whatnot. Perhaps there’s a limit to the message, but it was soon disconnected.”

“Fortunate, fortunate, she said. Ufu, it won’t be so ‘fortunate’ soon.”

Liera’s face had a dark smile as if she was drawing a foreshadow. It was a smirk that did not fit her usual bright self!

“Fufu, it’s quite exciting to imagine Erta’s crying face.”

“Don’t bully her.”

“You’ll probably bully her the most though.”

“Why would I bully her?”

“Something like that. You’ll probably be in the dark for all of eternity.”

“I cannot understand what you’re saying.”

To the dense Yu IlHan, realizing the truth from that much clue was impossible. Liera did not speak anymore and went away.

Perhaps she was still not used to her lower existence body, and she had to rest after the two weeks of unending battle. In fact, even if Yu IlHan assaulted her first, she would have to refuse. Of course, not that this made Yu IlHan not bad……

“IlHan.”

“Yeah?”

Yu IlHan finally raised his head to see Liera. She approached him and kissed his lips like a bird pecking on food. He widened his eyes, but loosened them soon after.

“I feel energized now.”

“That’s good.”

Although it was not the passionate romance that she wanted, this was probably good in itself – as Liera became happier with Yu IlHan’s smile, she decided to let him go for today.

Yu IlHan returned to work, and Liera went into the Flying fortress to let her tired body rest. And before a day went past, Yu IlHan finally finished modifying the magic formation.

18 minutes prior to the barrier’s dispelling time.

“That was close.”

“If I had more time and funds…… I’m frustrated.”

“You crammed in so many new functions, what else can there be!?”

The ancient elves did indeed install a magic formation difficult to find in any other world, and the time that the magic formation had experienced bestowed it history and power to heighten it further.

However, the magic formation prior to Yu IlHan’s tinkering, compared to the magic formation after Yu IlHan’s modifications differed overwhelmingly. If the former was the 3rd class Yu IlHan, the latter could be called the 4th class Yu IlHan!

First, the already fast activation time was shortened even further, and the mana ripples in the activation sequence was reduced to the minimum to increase efficiency and secretiveness, and the magic formation additionally sensed any beings that were not allies that tried to come in contact with the formation, and told Yu IlHan the location. To top it off, he set a debuff to limit the activation of movement-class skills and magic.

To sum up, like how the Heaven’s Army or the Destruction Demon Army were tremendously strong in their own territories and had easy time defending against invaders, Yu IlHan had also acquired near complete control over Dareu!

“Although it’s still lacking…… I’ll be satisfied with this for now.”

“So you really don’t stop anywhere. Auh.”

“Don’t make weird moaning sounds and focus on control.”

“It’s not as easy as you say it is!”

Na YuNa, who now had to control two holy regions after the Guardian fortress was made into a holy region, had become very sensitive. Even while receiving Liera’s glare, she did not let go of Yu IlHan’s hand. Though, she would have to since the barrier would be dispelled at any moment.

“Your Majesty, is everything over now?”

“The preparation for the beginning has ended.”

Yu IlHan lightly replied to Paté before looking around to the elves and wolfkin. He nodded lightly.

“From now is our turn. It will be our turn until the very end.”

“Understood!”

“We’ll make it happen!”

Although the time was short, they had experienced a training where they were squeezed to their limits, and their pressure was as if they wiped out several higher existences already. Yu IlHan laughed and turned around before taking a short breath.

Now, he really had to kill higher existences with them. He had the confidence to.

“You’re alright now too, are you not, Miss YuNa?’

“I can’t help it since there’s no time. Tch.”

Na YuNa let go of Yu IlHan’s hand as if she couldn’t help it. It seems that she wasn’t lying when she said it was difficult, as she immediately creased her brows, but the flow of mana in the Flying fortress and the Guardian fortress was still stable.

“Good, then.”

Although it had been some time since he had acquired the Hourglass of Eternity, never was he as tense as this time. Where was this nervousness coming from? Anxiety? Excitement? Fear? If not that, then expectation?

‘Good, I want to become a higher existence by the end of this war.’

He had no plans to join the Heaven’s Army, or the Destruction Demon Army or the Garden of Sunset. Yu IlHan wanted to become a higher existence independently, on his own, with his potential alone.

It’s probably nothing – even Chaos Will from Earth had done it, so there was no reason why Yu IlHan’ couldn’t. Yu IlHan dispelled the barrier after setting a grand objective that would put anyone to shock.

And time started flowing again.

“……?”

“Your Majesty?”

The elves, who were waiting in fear, looked for him.

“Why is nothing changing?”

“I thought all of them would attack us, whether it’s the Destruction Demon Army or the Garden of Sunset.”

“What nonsense are you saying?”

Yu IlHan replied to them while finding an area where there were the least number of higher existences.

“Concealment is casted over all of us. Not to mention higher existences, even their grandpas won’t find us.”

“……”

“I said this is our turn, right? How long are you going to hide in fear? We’re going to be the ones invading this time, and beating them up. Okay?”

“U, understood!”

Although he was still unsatisfied with their mental education, but he couldn’t help it. They would be able to come to themselves once they actually fought higher existences, so he immediately….

“Huh?”

However, Yu IlHan stopped mid way through the activation. Although it was very far, he could feel something that was moving in a straight line towards them.

As Yu IlHan had mentioned just now, they were under concealment, so no one should be able to find their locations….. if there was one, there’s…

Erta.

He turned around to Liera, but now that she was no longer an angel, she didn’t seem to have found her yet. Yu IlHan thought about what to do for a moment, but decided to wait.

The wait was not long. As Dareu had ascended into the realm of higher worlds, any higher existences could utilize their full powers without holding back.

“Huh.”

Liera soon noticed and voiced out. Her face contained confusion.

“Sheesh, how hurried can she be!?”

“Perhaps the Heaven’s Army may already be here in Dareu. What we saw maybe just the tip of the iceberg.”

Erta soon showed herself below the clouds. Not accompanied by any other angels, she alone was flying here with a pair of white wings.

[Liera!]

Shouted Erta. Her expression was twisted like an orc that had its food taken away.

[I’ll kill you!]

“Dammit, she’s an enemy after all?”

He didn’t want to have Erta as his enemy! – Yu IlHan bit on his lips and when he was about to take out his spear, Liera shook her head.

“Nah, she’s on our side.”

“……Huh? She just said ‘I’ll kill you’, no?”

[Lieraaa!]

“……There’s something like that.”

Erta rage that seemed to fill the world with anger and Liera’s bitter smile.

Yu IlHan only tilted his head in confusion.



Chapter 236

The tragedy that Yu IlHan had expected did not occur. Although Erta did glare at Liera as if she would kill her, when Liera hid behind Yu IlHan’s back, she could only give up. Liera also did not provoke Erta more than needed. It was as if Liera was being considerate for Erta – this made Yu IlHan’s curiosity rise even more, but the girls did not solve his question.

[Liera, did you completely abandon Heaven?]

“Yes, I did.”

The once-an-angel and still-an-angel looked at each other. Emotions were being exchanged between the two of them through their gazes.

Liera who decided to go back to being a lower existence to stay with Yu IlHan, and Erta, who had to leave Yu IlHan for a few years in pursuit of a new realm. The two at that time each did what they thought was for the best, but the results were drastically different.

[Are you not planning to go back? Heaven will gladly receive you again.]

“I can live for several hundred years more even like this. And also……”

Liera hugged Yu IlHan’s arm and made a warm smile. Yu IlHan had still not realized what was going on.

“I’ve decided to bet on IlHan’s possibilities. If it’s him, he’ll be able to do it.”

[…….I really want to kill you.]

“Kyaak, protect me, IlHan!”

[Ugh…….]

Erta’s chances of winning was pretty slim in the first place. In the first place, the one who widened the gap was herself, so no good would come out of any resentment. But even if she did admit her loss, she wouldn’t feel better about it.

Moreover, Erta was a higher existence. As it was not easy to move her heart in the first place, once he did, it was also near impossible to turn it back.

Yu IlHan, who hadn’t the slightest clue of how Erta was feeling right now, just concluded that he wouldn’t have to point his spear against her, and breathed in relief.

“Anyway, it’s good that Erta is not an enemy.”

[Oh yeah, you. You really did try to go against me without the slightest hesitation, didn’t you!?]

“Well, you said you were going to kill Liera, so…..”

[eeek.]

Erta stared daggers at both Yu IlHan and Liera alternately while her hands were trembling, but eventually, she loosened her arms with a sigh.

At the same time she put up a barrier that covered herself, Yu IlHan Liera and a few others. As Dareu had entered into the realm of higher worlds, Erta was also not limited to use her abilities to use mana.

“Wao.”

Yu IlHan was very shocked at her proficiency, speed, and above all, the endurance of the barrier. He newly realized that Erta was a higher existence after all.

“Is this a soundproof barrier?”

“It’s not only that. Isn’t this interfering with the Akashic Record? I think anything that happens in here won’t even be recorded……. Erta, you’ve made progress, haven’t you?”

To Yu IlHan and Liera who were surprised at the unintended elements, Erta once again made a low sigh before speaking.

[Please remember, Yu IlHan. That I will never go against you even if Heaven collapses.]

“Oh, yeah. We were still bound by a partnership contract.”

[Even without that! No, wait, your faith in me is that little?]

Yu IlHan once again checked that anything that happened within this barrier will not be transmitted to Heaven’s Army and replied to Erta.

“Well, I do believe you. But you’re in a position where you can only obey if Heaven orders you to do something, are you not?”

[Uuu, it is definitely like that now, yes……]

Erta once again realized that Yu IlHan’s heart left the Heaven’s Army completely. Perhaps he noticed the negotiation between the Heaven’s Army, the Destruction Demon Army and the Army of Brilliant Light. She couldn’t even make up any excuses.

Heaven’s Army priced Yu IlHan’s value as too low. He was not a talent that they should overlook for one or two higher worlds. If they somehow made him an angel, then Heaven’s Army would have leaped in power instantly!

However, right now, nothing good would come out of Yu IlHan becoming more distant from Heaven’s Army. Even to Yu IlHan himself. Erta started to explain the reason why she had come to look for Yu IlHan so quickly.

[Heaven’s Army will also enter Dareu soon. Although the Destruction Demon Army and the Garden of Sunset Light had the advantage until now, a certain rising star from somewhere had destroyed that balance and thanks to that, there was a gap for the Heaven’s Army and the Army of Brilliant Light to appear.]

“Did I do something so big?”

[Of course it’s a big thing.]

The fact that Yu IlHan had killed tens of higher existences belonging to the Destruction Demon Army and the Garden of Sunset may actually be quite small in comparison to the entire war.

However, they were only in the initial stages of the war for Dareu right now. While both sides were scouting each other out, he just wiped them all out, so as a result, Yu IlHan called for nervousness from both sides and made their scope of action smaller.

[I’ve volunteered myself in the Heaven’s Army’s scouts for Dareu. Of course, the main camp isn’t here yet…… but I realized that you were about to use the Hourglass of Eternity and immediately contacted you first. And I also did expect this to a certain extent.

“And how the hell did you do that?”

[I’ve used a pseudo-barrier that applied the flow of time only in the barrier put up by the Hourglass of Eternity, on me as well. Of course, as you know, I couldn’t maintain it for long…… Moreover, it did use up quite a lot of my mana and magic stones, but thanks to that, I could find you faster than anyone else.]

“Hm.”

He couldn’t understand a single thing.

However, he did understand that Erta’s magic potential was exceptional to the point of being able to interfere with a god-ranked artifact. Liera said one before, but Erta did seem to be quite a talent even in the Heaven’s Army.

To Yu IlHan, who completely accepted this situation, Erta continued to speak.

[The Heaven’s Army will request an alliance from you. And Yu IlHan, the alliance at this point in time, regardless of their views and objectives, will be of help even to you. No matter how prepared you are, going against four higher existence factions is worse than allying with one of them, even for your allies as well.]

Erta was speaking with the consideration of the alliance breaking up later. She understood Yu IlHan’s vantages roughly. Perhaps the reason she put up the barrier was also because of this.

However, despite that, Yu IlHan had a hard time believing her words.

“Will there really be no problem even if the alliance breaks mid way? There’s no way their work is so sloppy.”

[Yu IlHan. It was you that said that we’re still bound by a partnership contract. To them, you are being recognized as an ally even without having to request them for alliance.]

“Aha!”

He understood immediately. However, wasn’t that a bigger problem? As long as Yu IlHan had the Angel’s partner subclass, he could not betray the Heaven’s……

[Yu IlHan.]

At that time, Erta slightly closed her left eye and opened it again.

Yes, she winked.

[I have a way. I’ve prepared for this until now.]

“Ok……”

Yu IlHan, who never imagined that the cold her would do something so cute, blinked his eyes several times in confusion, but he roughly understood why she did that. Although he didn’t know what she prepared, from her enormous confidence, it would be fine to believe in her.

“Ok, your eyes are pretty. so what?”

[Y, you’ve advanced a lot, flattering women in such a natural fashion.]

Even though her words sounded pouty, Erta’s face was colored in red. Although unintentional, her disappointment about Yu IlHan seemed to have been washed away a little with this flattery. Liera laughed at her with a small voice.

“Simple woman.”

[Liera……!]

“Let’s talk more detail. What exactly are you going to do?”

[For that, I’d have to explain a little more about myself, but…… fine. I’ll reveal everything.]

Erta made a slightly boastful expression. Her calm green eyes contained some playful light.

[In the past, I was a talent that all of the higher existence factions wanted.]

“Ah, so despicable.”

[However, that’s the truth; unlike Liera, who was number one on the list for Destruction Demon Army thanks to her violent and barbaric tendencies.]

Yu IlHan subdued Liera with both his arms since she was taking out her spear to attack Erta, and urged her on.

“Continue.”

[Amongst them, the Garden of Sunset still wants me. Like how you’re screwing up the war on your own right now, it is very possible for one exceptional person to decide the outcome of the war……. and not too long ago, I’ve accepted their proposal.]

“……You’ll betray the Heaven’s Army and join the Garden of Sunset!?”

Liera, who was struggling within Yu IlHan’s arms abruptly widened her eyes. Erta’s expression while replying was also quite strange.

[Do you really not want me that much? I’m only using them to return to being a lower existence safely.]

“Such a thing is possible?]

[The magic I’ve prepared until now is precisely for that purpose.]

“…….Huh?”

Yu IlHan looked at Liera to see if he was the only one that didn’t understand but Liera’s expression was also in confusion. He was relieved.

[No, it’s not that difficult. Yu IlHan, I’ll use the simple terms you like so much. First, think up of the process of a magical girl transformation.]

“First, they activate the magic while clothed, and the moment the clothes are stripped, an annoying light appears to conceal the naked body, and some ribbon-y stuff comes out and equips the girl with the magical girl outfit.”

That light. That resentful light that turns that beautiful scene into a thing for 7 year olds! Just as Yu IlHan was burning in rage, Erta asked.

[And if a bad guy attacks mid way through the transformation?]

“They would be kicked off naked. That’s one kind bad guy right there.”

[The magic I’ve prepared is precisely that bad guy.]

“Are you an exhibitionist?”

[There’s no way that’s true!]

Of course, there’s no way that Yu IlHan didn’t understand after all that. The explanation was definitely simple. Right now, she was saying that she would activate a magic to return to being a lower existence, in the process of transforming from an angel to a member of the Garden of Sunset.

“You…… will you be alright?”

[I won’t. That’s why I need you to help me. To be exact, I need you to protect me from the assault from both Heaven’s Army and the Garden of Sunset.]

“Well, I was planning to make them enemies in the first place, so, yeah. Leave that to me.”

Despite the fact that this was about turning two higher existence factions into enemies, Yu IlHan’s answer had no hesitation. Erta slightly fell for his reassuring reply.

“Oh.”

On one side, Yu IlHan realized one thing mid way.

“So that’s it. If you return to a lower existence, the partnership between you and me will naturally crumble. And like that, you’ll dissolve the alliance between the Heaven’s Army and me. You’re saying that, right?”

[Correct.]

“If that’s so, there’s another obstacle in our way.”

Since the story reached here, Liera could also realize as well.

“IlHan is still bound to another angel through a contract.”

[Yes. That is why, there’s one more thing you need to do before you cancel your alliance with the Heaven’s Army. Something that you need to resolve in a place like this barrier, where no contract will affect you.]

Erta’s eyes glistened. Her eyes contained a hint of hesitation, resolve and decisiveness.

[You need to…… settle it with Spiera.]



Chapter 237

Yu IlHan sighed.

“Spiera, huh.”

“Spiera is completely loyal to Heaven, whether if it’s in a good way, or in a bad way. Erta, you…… something happened between you and Spiera, didn’t it?”

[……That’s a secret.]

“……”

While Erta and Liera had a staring contest, Yu IlHan thought about his chances of winning against Spiera 1 vs 1. However, no matter how he calculated it, his hopes weren’t that bright.

“The majority of the higher existences I fought until now mostly used magic as their main attacks, but not only is Spiera a 6th class, she has tremendous martial arts skill as well. I’m horrified just thinking about having to receive her Great Cosmos-severing Spear head on.”

“But I think your spear techniques are more powerful.”

“I also do not think that the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory loses out, but……”

It was still dangerous. Yu IlHan was sure that Spiera was at least twice as strong as Chaos Will in an environment where she was not restricted of her power.

Even though Chaos will had reached higher existences on its own, it was still much inferior to Spiera’s long years of experience, magic, and above all, her overwhelming martial arts finesse.

“Okay, then.”

Yu IlHan decided.

“Let’s think about how we can win using dirty tactics.”

“You really come up with the worst lines!”

This would be in the top 3 if there was a ranking of the_lines_that_mc_must_not_say! However, Yu IlHan washed away any hesitation now that he decided on it.

“But there’s no way Spiera will obediently dissolve the contract.”

“You don’t feel any rejection about killing Spiera even though she was once a contracted angel, with you?”

“That’s that and this is this. And also……”

Yu IlHan’s eyes glistened. His expression was that of when he did unimaginable things. AKA, his usual expression.

“There IS a method to dissolve the contract without killing her. It will also be safer for me as well.”

“Somehow, I’m feeling more worried the more you say it’s safe.”

He ignored Liera’s words. If battle was the only option, he would not hesitate to do so, but if there was any other way, there was no need to undertake the risks.

[…….You won’t tell us beforehand, will you?]

“I don’t have it organized enough yet to talk about it.”

Of course, his plan was still very rough and flawed. However, if Yu IlHan’s ability was added to the various powers that Erta showed today, then perhaps it may actually be possible to screw Spiera over.

Now, he had to work on filling those flaws – while battling against higher existences that is.

[If it’s you, you’ll end up doing it like nothing happened, so I won’t be worried but…….. There shouldn’t be a lot of time to prepare. Spiera is also one of the members of the expedition for Dareu.]

“Okay. Thanks for telling me…….. and this is why I’m asking you this, but, Erta.”

Yu IlHan touched the coremost topic.

“Why are you trying to betray the Heaven’s Army?”

[…….]

“I’ve heard about what you’ll do. However, I cannot understand why you are willing to go so far to leave the Heaven’s Army back to a lower existence. Although you are still in a partnership contract with me right now. You’re completely moving on my behalf……. Is this what you really want?”

She thought she would be able to skip over this, but that didn’t seem to be the case. Well, considering Yu IlHan’s personality, it was an obvious question.

[Hmm, that’s…….]

Erta hesitated on how to express her own feelings, and eventually decided to speak a part of the truth.

[You do not believe in the Heaven’s Army anymore, do you? It’s just that I also felt disgust from them. I think you’ve noticed a little already, but I also found out they had negotiated with the other factions……and the reason I didn’t advance to 6th class was also because of that.]

“Is it really just that?”

[It is also because there’s you, a trustworthy ally that can support me in my actions. I’m not someone that does things recklessly.]

“……Ah.”

Yu IlHan was surprised on one side, and a little touched on the other, while hearing her words. And that was why, he felt a little sorry for her as well.

Of course, it wasn’t that he didn’t treat Erta as a trustworthy ally. However, he did think that their view may differ later, and tried not to reveal everything about him to her.

Not completely believing in someone was the best method for the loner Yu IlHan to protect his heart, and the only exception to that rule until now was Liera. This was also why he could take his spear out against Erta just a few moments ago.

But now, he had heard that Erta had planned all this while trusting him, which made him feel very strange.

“…….So that’s it. I’m thankful that you trust in me so much.”

[……..Fuu.]

For Erta, who wanted Yu IlHan to notice her true feelings while she persuaded him, she was feeling very complex right now. However, Liera, who saw that she was at the very borderline of patience and going berserk, immediately changed topics.

“But IlHan, can’t you make Erta into a lower existence like how you did with me? Wouldn’t it be solved without us bothering with the Garden of Sunset?”

[I…… was also curious about that as well. Just how can Liera be here so intact without any aftereffects? Yu IlHan, what kind of things did you do?]

“It’s not impossible, but it’s too dangerous. There will be a lot of pressure and pain. Since we’re going against the Garden of Sunset anyway, it’ll be better to do as Erta says.”

There was no reason for Yu IlHan to hesitate, whatever more things he added on top of the current situation. In fact, it would be fine even if Erta became a fallen angel first and contacted the Garden of Sunset.

[Is that so? I understand. Let’s go with my way.]

Erta nodded without hesitation, but to Yu IlHan’s eyes, she seemed somewhat disappointed. Just what was there to be disappointed about? He was confused, but Erta didn’t give him an answer and unfolded her wings.

[Then I’ll go back first. A little later, the Heaven’s Army will send an envoy for the alliance.]

“Okay, then. I’ll be their ally temporarily.”

[Liera.]

Erta spoke to Liera. When Liera turned around to her, Erta looked so evil, and she spoke with a bright grin on her face.

[Although you seem like you have no thoughts at all, I’m different. Sometime, I’ll definitely make Yu IlHan a new ‘God’.]

“You’d immediately fall into being a fallen angel if you spoke that outside the barrier.”

[And so, you’d better be prepared.]

“Huh? ………Oh, OH!”

Liera, who finally realize what Erta meant, took out her spear and gripped on it, but Erta had already flown up to the skies after she broke the barrier. His subordinates and army finally approached Yu IlHan then.

“Ertaaa!”

Everyone was wary against Erta, but only Na YuNa waved her hand. Erta also waved her hand at Na YuNa with a thick smile on her face.

[Let’s do our best together in the future, Na YuNa.]

“Yup, let’s do our best!”

“Hm, mmm?”

“eeek.”

Make him into a God? What did that mean and why did she say that to Liera? Yu IlHan was curious. However, when he raised his head to ask her that, Erta was already flying away. Yu IlHan muttered.

“Liera, what does it mean to become God?”

“I don’t know, I never became one. But I think you can do it.”

“Your faith in me shot through the skies……”

The words Erta left behind really tugged on his mind, but he couldn’t look into what she meant forever. His plan was already completed, and he was prepared as well. What was left was to just put it into action!

“Soon, the Heaven’s Army will send an envoy for the alliance. We’ll be allying with them potentially, but bear in mind that it won’t be forever.”

“Yes, understood!”

“Good, then let’s depart right away.”

What is most important to an alliance? The position of each sides at the point of the alliance. Heaven’s Army was an enormous organization. To not lose out to them, what was important was achievements.

Achievements, in other words, stuff like the heads of the Destruction Demon Army and the Garden of Sunset.

“I’m going to activate the formation. The number of enemies are…..”

Yu IlHan put his hand on top of the magic formation, and sensed the number of higher existences as well as their strengths, scattered over the continent. Although Yu IlHan’s ambush on the higher existences were two months ago, for the enemies, it was a bolt from the blue that had happened mere moments ago. They had just found out about the deaths of their colleagues, and they were gathering up in one corner of the world after giving up their scouting and were on their guard.

“Let’s first smash a group with one 6th class and around 300 5th class.”

“That’s an entire legion!?”

“Precisely. They wouldn’t be worried about attacks there and would let their guard down, no?”

“That’s definitely true, but what the hell are you going to do there!”

So Liera’s retort abilities are rising while Erta isn’t here – Yu IlHan nodded in satisfaction and immediately activated the formation.

“It’s fine. If we can’t do this much, we’d have no chance of winning this war anyway, so we must do it!”

“A stiff mind like that always uaaa.”

The magic formation activated. Yu IlHan, Liera, the Flying fortress, and finally the Guardian fortress instantly shot through space and arrived at the frontier camps of the Destruction Demon Army!

[So they weren’t killed by the Garden of Sunset.]

[I cannot feel the presences of any other higher existences. Was there someone in the Heaven’s Army or the Army of Brilliant Light that could move so secretively?]

[We need to be on our guard. Although we couldn’t help it when we didn’t know, now that Dareu became more important than Earth, we cannot give this world to anyone else.]

He could hear the voice of those belonging to the Destruction Demon Army. One of them, sounded very familiar.

[If it’s not a higher existence, then is it a lower existence? Wouldn’t he make me stronger a little?]

Yu IlHan shifted his eyes beyond the Flying fortress. The enormous number of high-level dragons on the ground was amazing as well, but what was more amazing was the single 6th class that was leading all of them.

[Do not be arrogant, Teraka. The realm you’ve achieved is indeed high, but that is not the highest by any means.]

[It’s precisely because I know that this is not the highest that I’m thirsty for more. The last War of the Wall of Chaos was too short……!]

Yu IlHan was confident that he was developing faster than anyone else until now. But seeing that guy, he judged that he was wrong.

Not the Dragon’s Army lead by Yumir, but an entire battalion made of dragons alone – with that guy as the leader. In the past, this guy had also offered Yu IlHan to come to the Destruction Demon Army – Teraka.

The one that was 5th class before, had become 6th class and was leading an army.



Chapter 238

Inside a tent where only the higher existences belonging to the Destruction Demon Army were in, beings in all sorts of forms were voicing out.

[We need to watch the situation a little longer.]

[We do not know what kind of variable has interfered. If the gap in dimension widens further, more allies can join, but the war for this world has only just begun……]

[If we weren’t pushed so far back in the last Battle of the Wall of Chaos, we would have taken over Dareu by now.]

Amidst the Destruction Demon Army that were both talking nonsense and reasonable stuff, one 6th class voiced out.

[Watch? Variable? Away with them all! If the enemies pressure us with power, then we of the Destruction Demon Army shall only strike back with even more power!]

[What do you know about the Destruction Demon Army!]

[eeek, is that what’s important right now?]

Although he did think that it may happen, he didn’t know it would happen for real.

“Teraka……”

When Yu IlHan muttered that guy’s name in a low voice, Liera, who hadn’t seen him before, as she had wasn’t with him in Dareu before, tilted her head and asked.

“Who is it? Well, that guy does look strong.”

“A dragon higher existence.”

“Ah, so that’s it. I wondered what that guy was acting so arrogant……”

“Dad.”

At the time he was preparing for battle while watching the conversation inside the tent, Yumir approached Yu IlHan and spoke to him.

“The kids are still scared.”

“……Oh, still?”

Yu IlHan and Liera were relatively at ease, but Yumir’s Dragon Hell Army and the elves and wolfkin awaiting in the Guardian fortress were frozen stiff in front of the numerous higher existences.

“S, so scary.”

“There are too many strong enemies.”

“Kugh, my body froze stiff even though we’re so far away……!”

In fact, the reason why Yu IlHan didn’t attack immediately was also because he was waiting for the others to get used to the pressure that the higher existences gave off. Looking at their states now, though, he should need more time.

[Teraka, you’re too young to realize the ideals of the Destruction Demon Army.]

[Maggot, you are all maggots! I have nothing to talk with you now!]

Teraka kicked himself up. Now, a sturdy black horn had appeared on his head, and from that time onwards, its pressure was becoming more and more violent.

[Teraka, you, don’t tell me!]

[You can wait all you want for the reinforcements that may arrive who-knows-when. I’ll lead my army and step out!]

[The dragons are not yours but the Destruction Demon Army’s…….]

[Shut up!]

Due to the ripples of mana from the 6th class being, a storm enraged not only inside the tent but all the way here in the Flying fortress as well. The Destruction Demon Army members inside the tent all shut their mouths.

[Kyak, so strong! Master, are you really going to kill something like that?]

“Although I do need to, that’s definitely…..”

Yu IlHan activated the barrier on the Flying fortress to block that, and was reassured. Not only was that guy 6th class, he was also probably mid-tier 6th class.

“Until a few years ago, that guy just had entered 5th class……”

“Without any potential, they might die as 5th class beings even after ten thousand years, but with the potential and ability, and a little bit of luck, it’s actually not that difficult to become 6th class within just one year. And they are the most dangerous as well…… Let’s fight that together.”

“Okay.”

The higher existences belonging to the Destruction Demon Army and the dragons born in Dareu were residing in separate regions, and Teraka, who had just left, spat towards the tent, and approached the dragons.

Seeing violent mana twitching as if it would go berserk at any moment, it seemed that the news of Yu IlHan had agitated him.

[Ah, Lord Teraka!]

[It’s Lord Teraka!]

The attitudes of the dragons towards Teraka was akin to government officials meeting the president. It was no wonder since Teraka was not only the strongest of the Destruction Demon Army there, but also because he acted as the bridge that connected the dragons to the Destruction Demon Army.

The dragons that were lower existences in the end, despite being strong, had to rely on Teraka, who was from the same origins as them, in order to survive in Dareu, where there was a war between higher existences.

[Gather.]

Teraka gathered the dragons. No dragons there refused Teraka’s words, and in just a moment, over 5,000 dragons gathered in that area and prostrated in front of him.

Yu IlHan immediately sighed. It was just a few years ago that he obliterated all of them, but there were still so many number of them!

If he did not clean up the dragons once before, it would have been an even more frightening scene right now that he was seeing, and that fact consoled him a little. In fact, he was a little happy that there were so many dragons that would become his highest-class metalworking materials.

[You are all dragons over level 200!]

All the dragons reacted to Teraka’s voice.

[Yes!]

[We are chosen life forms born with the great blood!]

[However! It has only been a few years since you were born! You were just born with the body and magic of any other dragon, and are tainting the name of the great race!]

[Yes!]

[Please bestow us your teaching, Lord Teraka!]

Teraka spoke condescending words like a training instructor in the army, and dragons were complying 100%. Yu IlHan clapped at that scene.

“That guy, I can see the potential of an instructor…..”

“Is it a time to be exclaiming?”

“Wait a moment. I need to judge things after I see what happens here.”

[There is only one method to overcome time! Battling with your lives on the line! The fact that I have become stronger was also because of battle!]

[Battle!]

[But right now, this world is full of higher……]

[Fools!]

Teraka’s overwhelming pressure shook the group of dragons.

[How long do you think it takes to become higher existences just by killing lower existences! Only after you win against the strong can you become strong!]

[Strong……]

[I also want to become stronger!]

“Whew.”

Why were dragons so obsessed with strength… With a bitter smile, he looked at Yumir. His eyes were also glistening while looking at Teraka.

“Dad I also want to become strong like that dragon!”

“Mir is already doing well so it’s fine.”

“Yeah!”

[There is a group that’s rampaging around this continent! From now, we’re going to exterminate them! We’ll become stronger that way![

[We shall follow!]

Teraka’s speech was very effective. The dragons that were unsure of their strength, and was also obsessed with it, all extended their wings and flew up!

Teraka took the form of the biggest dragon among them in their center and roared loudly.

[We shall become even stronger! All the dragons that survive this battle shall harbor the honorable name of the Destruction Demon Army on their backs!]

[Uoooh!]

[Kyahaaak!]

5,000 dragon roars filled that region. The other members of the Destruction Demon Army who were in the tent glared at Teraka, but as Teraka was in the center, they could not do anything.

[Fools…….. We will not comply with him.]

[Let’s leave him to head to destruction.]

[Does he think that Destruction Demon Army is for anyone? How foolish.]

Although Yu IlHan did expect something like this to happen since their personalities were all shitty, but there was already an internal conflict! Teraka who were going on an expedition with the dragons, and the Destruction Demon Army that looked down on them. They were the stereotypes that regretted later after being wiped out by the enemy.

Yu IlHan watched the scene in satisfaction and concluded.

“Good, then let’s wait for them to leave and strike at the rest!”

“I knew you’d say that.”

“It’s much safer to fight against hundreds of 5th class rather than a single 6th class.”

He couldn’t help it since moving according to the enemy’s expectations really made him cringe! Yu IlHan looked at the army behind him that could finally move, and called a few representatives and ordered them

“First, I’ll go out. The rest of the members, do not act alone, and work with the other subordinates – Mir with the Dragon’s Army, Liera with the wolfkin and elves, focus on leading and protecting them. The enemies are higher existences. It is unknown how they will attack.”

“Understood, Your Majesty!”

“Got it!”

“Fight with higher existences. Finally…….!”

Na YuNa also started controlling the holy region for real and gave blessing to the residents. First, her full power blessing was given to Yu IlHan, then Yumir and Liera, then the others. The already powerful army was enhanced in strength by more than 50%.

[We’ll depart. Break and trample everything that stands in our way!]

[Understood!]

[Hmph! You can expect no help from us if you depart now, until the end of this war!]

[I don’t need any help from you cowards that are not fit to bear the name of the Destruction Demon Army! Let’s go!]

When the dragons left with their enemies right in front of their nose, the Destruction Demon Army that just let a huge fighting force go, scattered in various parts of the camp. And at that moment!

“Then shall we go?”

“Be careful, IlHan.”

Yu IlHan and the army also started acting.

[Master, when do I attack?]

“The moment I’m discovered.”

[…….Will such a moment even arrive?]

“…….Just what do you think I am?”

Yu IlHan first checked the wariness of the enemy, but surprisingly, they were all being lazy, while having faith in the protection magic that covered the camp!

If they knew the existence of Yu IlHan who simply ignored all types of sensory magic, they wouldn’t be able to do that, but not only did they not know that Yu IlHan was in Dareu, even if they did, they would never imagine that the protection magic that was put up with the full powers of a higher existence, would simply get ignored by a lower existence.

“However, if they receive damage this time, even the Destruction Demon Army will be prepared the next time even if they’re fools. So this will be the only time I can screw them over. I really did well to come to a place where there’s a lot of them.”

“Just go attack already.”

Yu IlHan took out the Eight-tailed dragon spear and created purple flames and Blaze and fused it before adding Eternal Flame to it. The blade of fire on top of the spear was sharpened to the limits.

“I’m going to activate Falling Down the moment I’m found out. Mystic, that’s the signal.”

[The signal to activate the meteor strike, you mean? Got it.]

Meteor strikes referred to an insane technique that smashed the two fortresses that became holy regions thanks to Na YuNa’s holy magic, down on the enemies using the options that allowed for rapid descent – made by Mystic.

“Perfect.”

Na YuNa’s blessing, activation of Blaze, and finally the magic stuffed cookies – with his power brought up to the maximum, Yu IlHan immediately jumped from the Flying fortress while extending his Ruin Calling to shoot out shockwaves behind him to fall down to the ground at amazing speeds. He even acquired insane amounts of acceleration using leaps and re-leaps!

“Hhp.”

The moment he entered the camps after piercing through their protection magic and their barrier, Yu IlHan tensed just in case he was found out, and breathed in deeply, but he was not found out.

[How foolish. They’re bringing death unto themselves……]

[I’ll go rest, in preparation for the upcoming war.]

Moreover, the over 300 members of the Destruction Demon Army had the faith that there was no way a frontal battle will happen yet and were arduously training the Rest skill. Yu IlHan’s lips curved into a smile while watching them doing foolish things.

“Well then.”

He raised his spear that was burning a flame that was near translucent, to pierce the heart of a Destruction Demon Army member that was in the laziest position.

“Thanks for the meal.”



Chapter 239

2 meters and 30 centimeters, quite small when comparing against the other members of the Destruction Demon Army. One flash of the Eight-tailed dragon spear pierced through and severed the center of its head, its heart, its crotch, its abdomen, its tail, its two legs, and two arms.

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv302 Elynard.]

[The skill, Record, has become level 9. You are now able to separate records related to ‘Destruction Demon Army’ and manage them separately.]

His first strike ended up as a critical hit. Well, he did heighten his senses to the limits to pick the parts where the most mana gathered inside the body and struck it with the Spear of Untraceable trajectory, so the chances of a critical hit were pretty high as well.

[The skill, Deathgod, activates and all abilities increase by 8%. The skill deactivates if you do not kill any other enemies within 3 hours.]

The Deathgod skill activated and Yu IlHan’s already strong abilities increased by 8% on the spot. When Deathgod was level 1, one kill gave him only a 0.1% boost in power, but now that he had mastered it, it had become a completely different skill from before, whether it was the increase in stat percentage or the time limit!

“Good, then.”

His concealment wasn’t undone, and hence the alarm magic would not activate either. Since he had picked out one that was far apart from the rest, no one had realized its death either. Yu IlHan collected its body and turned around.

“That’s one down.”

Two, three, and four – the counter went up smoothly. He had to kill as many as possible for his subordinates to get less injuries. Yu IlHan struck out each strike with all his power.

[You have become level 279. 1 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 2 Magic increases.]

Five, seven, and eleven. At this point, the Deathgod skill had reached its limits in terms of boost percentage, at 200%.

[You have become level 280. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

However, that was not the end. Yu IlHan focused on the ones that were far apart from the rest and so wouldn’t easily be found out, and even succeeded in assassinating twenty four!

‘What do I do, it’s becoming quite fun for some reason.’

Since he was using Blaze, Dragonic blood and Spear of Untraceable Trajectory all at the same time, so no matter how much mana Yu IlHan had, and how fast his recovery rate was thanks to his accessories, he should have entered frontal battle long ago after reaching his limits.

But every time he neared his limits of his mana, his level rose and the mana recovered, so he couldn’t stop assassinating them! Right now, his level was nearing the end of the 200s, but he was experiencing levelups as if he was before 2nd class!

[You have become level 281. 1 Strength, 2 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

Since assassination became fun, Yu IlHan continued to rampage around within the camp and killed higher existences scattered around over and over again.

His strike boosted by the Deathgod skill as well as Na YuNa’s blessing, had enough power to destroy cities, and the members of Destruction Demon Army that were at the epitome of laziness, could not survive after his attacks.

Like that, the number of enemies he killed broke through forty, seventy two, and one hundred and sixty five – and he was still not discovered by anyone.

[You have become level 288. 1 Strength, 1 Agility, 2 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

[The skill, Record, has become level 24. You have compiled enough records related to ‘Destruction Demon Army’ and all abilities will increase by 10% when facing against the ones belonging to this group.]

“These fuckers.”

Yu IlHan found this absurd. No matter how unguarded they were, over half of the members in the frontier camp had died, but the survivors didn’t even notice that anything was out of the ordinary!

Well, yes, it wasn’t like these guys were switching guards all the time like in a military, and had no reason to act in twos either, so they were in distinct spaces, but this was a battlefield after all – but they were still so relaxed without any regular checkups on each members! They were uninterested in whatever the other members were doing, or if they died or not!

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 313 Kelotuke.]

“Perhaps all 300 of these guys are disposable cards for the Destruction Demon Army……?”

From the moment he succeeded in assassinating the 200th member, Yu IlHan seriously started to ponder.

Although higher existences were indeed very rare from a lower existences point of view, but considering that there were countless worlds, and averaging one member of the Destruction Demon Army from one of those worlds, 300 is definitely quite a small number.

If that was the case, it wasn’t so strange to consider all 300 here as just sacrifices, was it? Yes, there was definitely that possibility! Teraka also acted on his own not after he fought with these guys for nothing, but because he knew that they were just sacrificial lambs, and just acted according to plan! That was it!

Dawned with a new realization, Yu IlHan shivered at the enormous scale of a higher existence faction. Of course, this was entirely his misunderstanding.

No matter how long the years have been, higher existences were respectable just with their names, and so, no factions treated them like disposables. This was all happening because it was Yu IlHan, with the power to ignore all barrier, protection, observation, and alarm magics!

If today’s matters were known to the various factions, then no one would put their faith in their magic any more. Like the armies of human empires, they would pick guards, exchange signals periodically, and have night watches when they go to sleep. That would be a funny scene in itself.

However, there was one important thing. That the Destruction Demon Army still did not notice the severity of this situation.

In that sense, it wasn’t exactly wrong that they were disposable cards. Disposable card to alarm all four higher existence factions!

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned experience.]

[You have become level 292. 1 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 2 Magic increases.]

[The skill, Record, has become level 30. Records related to ‘Destruction Demon Army’ is etched deep into the soul, and all abilities increase by 20% when facing against the members of the Destruction Demon Army.]

‘That’s strange, well, I did take a lot of time to reach 4th class, but I’ve already become level 292 not long after I became 199, just what was so difficult for others to not become higher existences? …….Moreover, I think I can feel the concept of higher existences a little now.’

Even though he was earning experience that others would take several thousand years to acquire, he was thinking stuff like that which would make any higher existence vomit blood.

Moreover, right now, his most OP Record skill was shining like mad, and was recording the fundamentals of what the Destruction Demon Army, and not only that, but the very concept of being a higher existence itself, onto his soul, making him advance a stage further.

In this regard, Yu IlHan could be said to be having it easy compared to the leaders of other factions who had to pioneer their way through. They walked the path of higher existences without being able to relying on anything, and had to do everything by trial and error, while Yu IlHan absorbed all they did into his records, gaining potential more easily.

Of course, ‘absorbing’ was nicely put, but in fact, he was no different from being a thug.

[Hm, it feels strange for some reason.]

But no matter how talented Yu IlHan was in the art of concealment and assassination, it was not possible to assassinate all of them. After all, with over 200 of them dying, the concentration of mana over the camp had been lowered too much that even the dense higher existences were stimulated because of it.

[They, I can’t feel the presence of Galayton since a while ago, did he go back beyond the Wall of Chaos on his own? Do you know anything?]

[……No, it’s not that. It’s an attack. AN ATTACK!]

[No way, there’s no problems with the alarm magic casted over the camp……. no way, traces of blood!]

The higher existences finally moved their heavy asses. Despite that, it was quite laughable that they still couldn’t catch a glimpse of Yu IlHan, but since they were gathering, if Yu IlHan killed any one of them, his location would be found out.

‘But with this much, we’ll be able to wipe them out without any problems. Teraka who left this place……. good, he still has no interest in this place.’

Since Yu IlHan had killed them starting from the lower levelled ones first, the remaining Destruction Demon Army members were all strong ones over level 320. The highest one was at level 367, one that Yu IlHan wouldn’t have been able to kill when he ‘first’ came here!

The giant 23m in height that was resting easy in a separate tent, moved its large body to look down at the others.

[It’s him.]

Spoke the giant in a voice that resounded across the camp; eyes glistening with killing intent.

[The lower existence that has both concealment and power – Yu IlHan.]

[But how did he escape Earth?]

[How he did it is not important. What’s important that no other human can put us in this state, and that at this rate, we’ll be defeated one by one. We need to come up with another-]

And Yu IlHan attacked it then. Not only was the giant strong, but was smart enough to figure out that it was Yu IlHan. It would be safe to kill it before it did anything else!

[Kugh!]

“Hhp!”

Yu IlHan enhanced his arm muscles beyond its limits using God Force, and sharpened all the power of flames he could use at the tip of his spear.

The title, ‘Untouchable’, raised all his abilities by 20% when facing opponents above his league; Na YuNa’s blessing, the maxed out Deathgod concealment boost, was all focused on one point to literally bisect the enemy with a single strike!

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical…….]

Ten rows of critical hit notifications appeared on his retina. All of his strikes from the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory ended up as critical hits!

The giant’s body was severed into several pieces according to his strike! Disregarding defense or resistance, since it was dissected to over 10 pieces, it was impossible that it survived. Yu IlHan’s strike had that much power.

However, Yu IlHan could not safely land on the ground. The enemy that he was sure that died after being cut to pieces, suddenly reached out its arm and grabbed his body in mid air.

[Kugh, I knew you were going to attack me.]

“……What!? Kahk!”

The giant’s mouth that should have been smashed to pieces found its way back to its original position as if time was being reversed, before it curved into a smile as if laughing at Yu IlHan. Even Yu IlHan could not help but be shocked at that scene.

While Yu IlHan was shocked, the giant completely recovered, and as if proving that it was no illusion or magic, it was grabbing Yu IlHan with its thick two arms.

[Just because I cannot notice you does not mean that everyone has to give you their lives life in a surprise attack.]

“That’s…… a technique?”

[Even you must not be aware of the arcane skill that is inherited in the bloodline of giants that is passed down only in one world out of the countless worlds out there. Once a month, I can recover completely from all physical attacks, ‘Soul of the Hero’!]

What the hell is that OP skill! – Yu IlHan wanted to retort. However, since he had more OP skills in his arsenal, he couldn’t really say anything! Sheesh, it really bad to let his guard down against higher existences, alright!

[Of course, it doesn’t work so well against attacks that surpasses my defense by leagues, but unfortunately, you seem to be of a lower league than me. How is it? Feeling the wall between us after you massacred higher existences like that! Yes, we evaluate guys like you like this – arrogant!]

That was definitely the case. Although Yu IlHan was now able to know everything about the enemy he had once faced due to the Record skill, he could not instantly understand the races that were born with unique skills, and not from the Destruction Demon Army itself.

However, even if that were the case, wasn’t it a little too OP to be completely fine after receiving an attack that should have taken its life?

[Everyone beware of this guy. I heard he tries to conceal himself in front of everyone’s eyes.]

[I do not plan to miss him even if you don’t say so.]

[Such a small human killed over half of our legion? He’s really fit to be a Destruction Demon Army member, but…….]

[He killed our allies. Whats left for him is only frightening and horrible death.]

The surviving Destruction Demon Army members were all watching Yu IlHan. He was thrown defenseless in the middle of enemy territory. After hearing the giant’s words, he felt the gaze of all members there focus on him……

……and laughed.

“Oh, it was a unique skill? I wanted to acquire it if it was an artifact.”

The moment he said that, Yu IlHan’s figure, that was definitely materialized melted into thin air. What was left was only a ‘black shadow’ without any traces of him. Even that disappeared soon after.

[Kahk!]

At the same time, another ten lines appeared on the body of the giant, and deca-sected it for good this time. Although Yu IlHan’s Deathgod skill had already been broken since he could not instantly kill an enemy, but his concealment was still maintained and the surprise attack succeeded, and moreover, since the enemy could not recover the injuries thanks to Yu IlHan’s ‘attack that was of too high league’, it was done in just like that.

Right after that, the text that Yu IlHan like the most appeared on his retina.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have become level 293. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

There is one thing that Liera had faith in, and words that Yu IlHan lived by.

‘It’s not over until the experience comes in.’

Yu IlHan never forgot that line once. Of course, this time was no exception.

Yu IlHan’s concealment still hadn’t worn off yet. The enemies only watched as the body of the giant disappear into Yu IlHan’s inventory, but still could not find his whereabouts. Yu IlHan’s lips curved into a smile.

Now, then. The festival was still not over. Everyone shall dance according to Yu IlHan’s lead!



Chapter 240

[He’s definitely within this area. If we suppress the space with our mana, he’ll have no choice but to show himself!]

[Kahk!]

[Search, someone use search magic!]

[Kugh!]

The Destruction Demon Army camp was in a state of chaos. After the charismatic giant died in vain, the other higher existences with puny abilities all said their own thing to make the place noisy while Yu IlHan decreased their numbers one by one.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned experience.]

[You have become level 294. 2 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Health, 1 Magic increases.]

[The skill, Record, has become level 33. You have acquired enough records related to the Destruction Demon Army, and may ascend into the Destruction Demon Army when you become of enough level to become 5th class. Of course, you need the permission from their leader.]

Of course, not that Yu IlHan wished to become one of them. He was just satisfied with earning enough records to become a higher existences, and continued to move to decrease the enemy numbers.

[Master, should I start?]

Mystic contacted him after sensing that the camps were getting noisy. Yu IlHan sensed that some higher existences were trying to run away in fear, and also thought that it wouldn’t be good for him to take everything and nodded his head.

‘Okay, meteor strike. I levelled up suitably so I need to give them to the others now.’

[I thought this for quite a while now, but if everyone did ‘suitably’ in your standards, every worlds should have been destroyed long ago.]

Even after the giant had died, Yu IlHan had killed around ten more, and now there were around only 90 higher existences within the Destruction Demon Army camp. Of course, this number was enough for his subordinates’ growth.

[I, I first need to retreat from this…… Kugh!?]

[Critical Hit!]

From now was defense – preventing them from leaving this place! Yu IlHan killed the ones that tried to run away first, and started restraining their actions. His intentions were not misunderstood and they soon understood the situation as well.

[H, he’s aiming for those that are escaping.]

[Since things came to this, we need to escape all at once to scatter his target, do we not?]

[But if his target becomes me……!]

[There’s a limit to tainting the name of the Destruction Demon Army! You cannot act since you are afraid of a mere lower existe…….Kagh!?]

Yu IlHan swung his spear to bisect yet another Destruction Demon Army member and lifted his head. The Flying fortress and the Guardian fortress in the air were being swept under Na YuNa’s enormous holy power.

Of course, since Yu IlHan’s concealment was still in effect, the two fortresses were still not sensed by them!

“Good, it will be time soon.”

[I think it will be better for master to prepare for ‘that’ skill.]

If he got any greedier, he might end up missing a higher existence or two. As Orochi had said, Yu IlHan prepared to go to the next phase.

[Now, master!]

“Gosh, I don’t know anymore.”

Looking at the two fortresses that flew down with a white tail like a comet, Yu IlHan judged that it was time to focus on tying down the enemies rather than pursuing concealment, and took out his hammer before enlarging it, simultaneously activating the class skill of Hell Bringer!

“Falling Down!”

White flames spread to the surroundings and burnt the entire camp. At the same time, Yu IlHan’s concealment wore off and his figure, holding a hammer that was more than 100m big, could be seen to everyone.

[It’s him!]

[Isn’t that fake as well!?]

[No, that’s definitely the real him, because……]

They could now see the two fortresses! Its words were buried in the noise that Yu IlHan made by striking down his hammer.

[Critical Hit!]

[Kugh!?]

[This is, not that strong at all……. Mm!?]

The lands flipped and the flames that spread to all directions attacked the enemies at once. Of course, the damage itself wasn’t that big, but soulflame chains along with the flame shackled the enemies all at once!

[My, my power.]

[My body feels unfamiliar. How? He…… he is really a lower existence?]

“This is just the start!”

Hundreds, thousands of chains were all connected to Yu IlHan’s hammer on the other end. He shrunk the size of the hammer before he went into a rampage and puffed up his muscles.

In the domain of Falling Down, his regenerative capabilities increased by 5 times so his God Force skill can evoked beyond its limits!

“Uoooh!”

[Kahgk……. Kahaaahk!?]

When he swung his hammer, the higher existences restrained by the chains could not withstand the strength and was blown up into the air, dancing around in the air. Following the trajectory of the hammer, the translucent flames that Yu IlHan had made chained them up according to the beats of their dance.

It was quite comedic to see higher existences being flown like that because they couldn’t win against the sheer strength of Yu IlHan’s swings.

[Master, I’ll just smash like this, okay!?]

“Yes, come on!”

[Attack him! He’s shown himself!]

[I’m trying, with my soul and magic!]

The higher existences that could finally see Yu IlHan attacked him with all their powers.

The ones that could not approach Yu IlHan thanks to the chains poured out their magic power, and the countless magic that hit Yu IlHan’s body was a frightening scene to look at, but in fact, Yu IlHan’s expression receiving all of them with his body was quite calm.

[How!? I can see the quality of my magic power decreasing……!]

[It’s his doing. These flames and chains are making us weird!]

[Kugh, we can’t break through his armor with this……!]

Falling Down simultaneously enhanced allies and weakened enemies. By lowering the league of the enemies, it shaves off the efficiency of enemy magic attacks, and the moment he receive the shaved attack damage, he would immediately recover so there was no way damage could stockpile on him! 

If Teraka was in this region, or there were around two more of those giants before, Yu IlHan wouldn’t have been so daring, but receiving the attacks of the ones here for a short time wasn’t that difficult at all.

Of course, he couldn’t do it forever, nor did he plan to. From the moment he showed himself, he was not fighting alone anymore.

“Mystic!”

[Now!]

The higher existences knew that the Flying fortress was crashing down on the ground, but also knew that they could not escape the chains unless they killed Yu IlHan, so they were focusing on attacking him rather than evading the fortress.

Of course, their attempts ended in failure, and the Flying fortress could successfully demonstrate the meteor strike against the Destruction Demon Army – twice, including the Guardian fortress!

[Critical Hit!]

[Kugh!? This power is……!]

[Holy power, it’s the holy power of a strong god!]

To the Destruction Demon Army who never imagined that someone other than Yu IlHan could inflict damage on them, this was no different from a new disaster.

The combined attack of Na YuNa and Mystic instantly killed two higher existences that were near death thanks to Yu IlHan’s hammer and flame attacks, and inflicted serious damage to the others as well. Na YuNa experienced five level ups at once thanks to the successful meteor strike.

“Oh, great as expected.”

[Ehem.]

Yu IlHan was aware of the state of the two fortresses real-time, so it was very easy to protect himself from the attack. Of course, as he had to evade, the chains that connected the hammer to the enemies did snap, but now, he had no need to tie them down anymore.

His army was now participating in this battle.

“Good. Guys, let’s go!” (Liera)

[Kuoooh!] (Yumir)

Liera raised her spear, and Yumir turned into a dragon to make them aware of the commence of the battle with his grand voice, grander than any other dragons.

An endless stream of army came out from the Flying fortress and the Guardian fortress. Each of them, equipped with shiny equipment, maybe weak by themselves, but were a fragment of a sharp blade that, together, could slash at higher existences without a problem!

“This way for us.” (Liera)

[We’ll go the other way! Let’s go!] (Yumir)

“Uwaaah!”

Liera and Yumir, who were leading their respective armies split up into two and attacked the enemies.

[eeek, they’re all lower existences!]

[Ludicrous, LUDICROSS!]

The higher existences that were out of it thanks to the meteor strike, got enraged after seeing the levels of the ones that came out of the two fortresses. It was already so frustrating that Yu IlHan alone toyed with them all, but now, lower existences that weren’t even of the 4th class were taking them for fools because of that!

[Guoooh! All of you, I shall make you all serve as a foundation for the Destruction Demon Army!]

The higher existences that escaped Yu IlHan’s chains each roared loudly and attacked back!

And so, higher existences and lower existences clashed in battle. Of course, they were still in the domain of Falling Down, so the league of magic they could use was still lowered by a stage!

“If it’s this much, the others can do it too.”

[It’s not like 5th class fall down to 4th classes just because their league was lowered!]

“Huh? Isn’t it around the same thing? They look similar to me.”

Replied Yu IlHan to Mystic and swung his hammer. Until now, he was moving to annihilate all enemies by himself, but it was different now.

He was the commander of the battlefield; protecting all allies in his eyes and restraining the enemy attacks and movements were his job!

“Fight! Let’s fight!”

“It’s scary but…… If it’s for the hero!”

[Awooo! Survive and protect the princess!]

[Kyahaaak!]

The battlefield became noisy, but in a different sense than last time. Lower existences who gathered up into a group attacked against one higher existence, while Yu IlHan, Liera, and Yumir used their powers to protect them.

“How dare you!”

[Kugh! Youuu!]

Since they were interfered with every time they tried to use a large scale magic or one that had strong offensive power, the higher existences couldn’t fight back properly, and were only beaten up by the attacks from the army.

Moreover, the two fortresses that landed on the ground were controlled by Mystic to use all their artifacts, including Hundred Eyes, to drive back the higher existences!

[Critical Hit![

[Kahak!?]

And eventually, it finally happened. the swords that the kids in Yumir’s Dragon’s Army destroyed the weak point of a higher existence.

[I, cannot die to maggots like……]

“Kyak!”

“eeek!”

It did not die even with that and wounded some of the children near fatally, but eventually met a miserable death at the blades of the children who rushed forward without knowing fear.

At that moment, the levels of all the children participating in that battle increased like mad.

“Whoa, I became really strong!”

“My injuries are all gone. I got a lot of skill levels!”

“……I can fight more.”

“I can fight even more!”

The ripples from the first victory brought by the Dragon’s Army was considerably large. The morale of the Dragon’s Army bloated as if to explode, and the elves and wolfkin army who were likewise in a fierce battle, put more power into their strikes.

[Critical Hit!]

“Good! For his Majesty I-”

“Shut up, Paté! But well done anyway!”

The first kill from the elves’ side was from the strongest long-range damage dealer Paté! Tens of elves, hundreds of wolfkin combined their powers and he succeeded in striking an arrow of death on the body of the higher existence.

It was natural that everyone in the battle had their levels rise by 2, but the more serious problem was that……

[G…… guoooh……]

“It rose.”

“A higher existence revived as undead.”

One of Yu IlHan’s very first epic-ranked artifact, the Deathgod’s Trajectory. Perhaps due to that, it had an especially strong option compared to others of the same rank, and it was that it could revive the target killed by its arrow back as undead.

Paté only killed a higher existence without thinking much, but the option attached to the bow was still in effect and revived it back as an undead, and that didn’t stop from just adding an extra higher existence undead to the ally camp, but called about a bigger change than just that.

“Whoa, Paté is being enveloped by light……!”

“Transformation? Is Paté finally becoming a magical girl-”

“4th class, he’s acquiring his 4th class!”

Paté had hit the limit as a third class some time ago, and was waiting to walk into a new realm. Although he did not accomplish the quest that the Akashic Record gave him, since the achievements he had done were incomparably better to the one given to him by the Akashic Record, he succeeded in acquiring a class that was originally not allowed to him.

[You have become Destiny Archer. Resistance to death and ruling power increases by 50%, and you can wield dead souls and undead to inflict bigger damage on enemies. You have acquired a skill related to the class.]

[The god of curses wishes to bestow a blessing on you. You can acquire the blessing if you fulfill two more accomplishments.]

[The Deathgod’s Trajectory evolves into Chaos rank, from the effect of the records of the user. It may evolve once again once blessed by the god of curse.]

Blackish-purple mana gathered towards Paté, who was in the middle of the battlefield. Although Yu IlHan was the same, the scene was quite loud, unbelievable for just a 4th class advancement.

“Fuu.”

Paté eventually opened his two eyes. In front of him was the gorilla-like higher existence, prostrating in front of him – this was the undead he had just revived.

Paté looked at that and thought for a moment before extending his hand out. From his palm mana harboring a frightening aura of death gathered.

“Is it like this? Everyone protect me for a moment!”

“I’m doing that even if you didn’t tell me to…… are you really Paté?”

“I’m one-way-His-Majesty!”

“So you are indeed Paté!”

The blackish purple mana harboring a deathly aura enveloped the higher existence undead and started changing its form into a more battle-oriented way. A lower existence was changing a higher existence!

[E, eeek!]

[This, cannot, happen. This is…….]

The ability Paté had acquired indeed very large, but it was not enough to shake the battlefield. However, the reason the enemies coward was not because of that.

A lower existence other than Yu IlHan, had thrown the league of a higher existence into disarray and lowered it into a lower being than even lower existences! Such fear enveloped them!

[W, we cannot win. We should have realized this faster.]

[6th class…… we need the power of a higher rank. Headquarters, we need to contact headquarters.]

[T, Teraka! We need to contact Teraka! We need his power!]

Yu IlHan, who would never watch that happen, prevented them from contacting the outside with his chains, but his actions were meaningless. Because the enemies succeeded? No, it wasn’t like that.

[I cannot contact the higher ups.]

[Teraka……. is not answering our call.]

Yu IlHan sensed the despair hidden within their speeches and checked that it was not a lie. Then, he thought.

Teraka, good job!



Chapter 241

As time went by, the Destruction Demon Army camp which had been abandoned by the higher ups and Teraka, was defeated by Yu IlHan and his army. Yu IlHan left the opportunity for gaining experience to all of his allies without taking a single kill after he had reached level 294. As a result, when the numbers of the remaining Destruction Demon Army went down by half, each group had killed a higher existence at least once.

Not only did that lead to their leveling up, it also gave them the confidence to defeat higher existences.

“We really became stronger!”

“Captain made us stronger!”

[Kuhaaang!]

[Follow our one and only lord. He shall lead us to becoming strong!]

No one on the battlefield right now was not going wild. The Dragon’s Army, the wolfkin, and the elves as well! Paté especially, after becoming able to wield the undead of higher existences, received meticulous protection from his allies and killed one higher existence after another to increase the size of his undead army!

[Khaaak! To think I’d be in such a miserable state against mere lower existences!]

[These flames…… I resent these flames that bind me. I curse you. Yu IlHan! You shall definitely meet your end at the hands of the Destruction Demon Army!]

The only reason why the army could fight against the Destruction Demon Army was because of Yu IlHan’s Falling Down skill. At first, the Destruction Demon Army that gave up killing Yu IlHan and fought against the lower existences thinking that they might really be put in a serious state at this rate, decided to kill Yu IlHan by combining their powers, but unfortunately, Yu IlHan was the strongest one here.

“Uoooh!”

The chain of souls around Yu IlHan’s body danced around everywhere. Hundreds of chains were being swung around at supersonic speeds thanks to the effect of God Force. They bound, freed, slashed and pulled the bones out of higher existences while sweeping around the battlefield.

Did Yu IlHan become weaker due to giving up his Deathgod skill? No way. Falling Down was the evolved version of Deathgod. In his domain, every time his enemies lost their lives, the power behind his flames and souls would amplify! Even if it was someone else that killed the enemy and not Yu IlHan himself!

“Haaap!”

Souls and flames spread around everywhere while enveloping him. Yu IlHan moved around busily within it. He bound the enemies that tried to flee the battlefield, blocked their attacks, and gave crucial opportunities to allies.

The area of Falling Down, which he could only fight against 10 enemies at once at the beginning, expanded and gained more power and now he could fight against 20, 30, and even 50.

“Mir, one there!”

[Got it! Kroaaar!]

[BEEAM here! BCAM there!]

The ones he could not stop were stopped by Liera and Yumir, and the ones even they could not stop were stopped by the Flying fortress and the Guardian fortress’s bombardments! The rays that Hundred Eyes shot out were fatal to the weakened Destruction Demon Army members.

[Aaah.]

[aaah, at this rate……]

From one moment, the atmosphere of the battlefield changed once more. It was beyond any rage or resentment, and was at the realm of despair. Perhaps if there was hell where they had to cry out loud even while knowing that they could not escape, it was this place.

If there was any salvation for them, it was that unlike hell, death was allowed them.

[We cannot reach him with our power.]

[We need to tell them this fact. Perhaps in this place, the fifth……. God may rise.]

“No you don’t.”

How dare these guys to try and procure a survival route by saying something that sounds cool! Yu IlHan’s chains were crueler to the ones like that. If they did not explain from the beginning, there was no need for a foreshadow! What Yu IlHan and his army needed right now was the power to endure, in other words, experience and their remains for materials!

[Kroaaar!]

[The blood……. of the living, the one I lost……!]

At this point in time, the one with the most achievements other than Yu IlHan and Liera was of course, Paté!

The higher existence undeads he ruled had increased to five now, and after his blackish purple mana enveloped the revived higher existences, the properties of their mana changed to harbor a deadly curse. A curse created from a higher existence’s mana, naturally, was very effective against higher existences as well.

“Go, eat their flesh and become stronger!”

“No, their flesh must become weapon materials.”

“Yes, I’m sorry!”

[Kraaak!]

Inside the domain of Falling Down, all of Yu IlHan’s enemies will weaken by a league, and they were instead being pushed back by Paté’s undead in all ways. His arrows decided on an enemy, and his undead rushed in to bite and slash them. A new nightmare descended upon the battlefield.

“We can’t lose to Paté. We won’t lose to him in our love for His Majesty!”

“You should say loyalty and not love!”

[Show them the power of us wolfkin! Master has grabbed the necks of our enemies himself, if we do not bite them, then it is the embarrassment of us wolves! Will you give the elves all the merits?!]

Even though this was a battlefield where their lives were on the line, the elves and the wolfkin did not back down and charged at the enemies. Who was more suitable for Yu IlHan’s special treatment? This was a good opportunity to settle on that. Although this was a very violent and militaristic thought process, it was also a very good one in this battlefield right now.

“Waaak!”

“I won’t die! I’ll kill! them”

“Hero is fighting in front of us! The hero is!”

“My gaawwwd, YuNa’s head is breaking! Lady Leytnaaa!”

Everyone fought desperately. Each time a higher existence died, people throughout the battlefield became stronger, and one after another acquired 4th classes like Paté. Just fighting against higher existences was an enormous achievement in and of itself after all!

“But why didn’t that work for me…….”

“Because IlHan is special!”

“Away with you!”

[Khaaak!]

Although Yu IlHan did not directly kill any enemies, just with enveloping the region with Falling Down and swinging his soulflame chains raised his contribution more than anyone.

Perhaps due to that, just as he saw that he was running out of mana to sustain Falling Down…

[You have become level 295.]

His level rose once again just with the experience he had acquired while protecting everyone and restraining the enemies. There were only 5 steps left until level 300, the realm of higher existences!

Of course, it would become even harder from now on, but he felt quite surprised that the realm of higher existences, that felt so distant, was now at where he could almost see it.

“…….Good, I’ll think about it after I clean this place up.”

He put away the hammer and took out his Eight-tailed dragon spear again and synchronized with Orochi to enlarge the length of the spear blade, before wrapping it in soulflame chains, making the flames hotter and more translucent. A gigantic spear over 30 meters glowed in a sacred light with the power of the goddess of fire.

“Orochi, please.”

[Heh, we’re finally rampaging at the last moment.]

Yu IlHan smashed the higher existences that numbered less than twenty now, and prevented them from making a final counterattack. Since he had recovered his mana through a level up, he didn’t even need to save up.

[Kahk!]

[H, him……!]

The higher existences that were wounded and weakened inside the Falling Down domain could not defend against Yu IlHan’s spear and had to roll on the ground. Then they were put into a miserable state by the elves and wolfkin who had been aiming for an opportunity all this time.

[Frustrating, and resentful…….!]

[Even though I’ve reached until here…….!]

[Kuoooh!]

Yumir’s roars filled the air. After a hundred rays of light from the Flying fortress swept the battlefield once, Yumir flowed his wind into the trajectory where the beams went past and dealt additional damage!

[Is that dragon really a lower existence?]

[Ku…….gh.]

[Will we, really be…….. khaaak!]

Although Yu IlHan’s victory was already set in stone, thanks to the actions of a few members including Paté, the situation cleared up more quickly and surely. Eventually, no enemies were standing in this battlefield!

“It’s over.”

“The remaining enemies…….. none.”

“…Won. We won!”

[Kuoooh!]

“We have taken victory! We’ve won against higher existences!”

While Yu IlHan’s subordinates cheered, he made the two fortresses float in the air again, and took in the remains of higher existences and allies to clean up the battlefield. He subconsciously sighed.

“Fuu.”

“IlHan, are you not hurt anywhere?”

“That’s what I need to ask. Come here.”

“Okay.”

Liera asked while approaching Yu IlHan in a completely intact state without a drop of blood on her body, even though she had fought at the frontmost lines. He kissed Liera’s forehead and took a step back before making a bitter smile.

“There’s no way I’m getting hurt against 5th classes. Although it was slightly dangerous mid way……”

As he had activated the option on the gauntlet immediately after seeing that experience points didn’t come in, he could safely bypass the danger. The option on the gauntlet made of the remaining half of Chaos Will, that is.

“I thought it was a technique that only ninjas would use, but it’s good that it was of help.”

“Yes…….The problem is not me but the others.”

In this battle, Dragon’s Army, elves, wolfkin combined had a total of a little over 200 loss of lives.

Considering that the majority of them were below 4th class, it was a miracle. Moreover, the surviving ones had levelled up by at least five stages or even more, so it could be called their complete victory.

However, even though it was a complete victory, the dead allies will not come back to their side. They cannot be returned.

“Everyone listen.”

Yu IlHan lined up the army that was drunk in the sweet sensation of victory and declared with a firm voice.

“73 from Mir’s Dragon’s Army, 59 elves, 75 wolfkin. That’s the number of people that died in this fight. As I said before, we will postpone the mourning until later. However, this cannot happen again in the upcoming fights. Remember that your allies will be grieved of your deaths after the battle. Do not die. Understand?”

“Understood!”

“…….Everyone fought hard so rest a little. Paté. You manage your undead from now.”

“Yes!”

The elves and wolfkin returned to the Guardian fortress, while the Dragon’s Army returned to the Flying fortress, resolving themselves for the fights to come in their own ways. Mystic, having received orders from Yu IlHan, drove the two fortresses.

The group, having completely wiped out the frontier camp of the Destruction Demon Army, left the place as if nothing had happened at all in that place. And no one returned there again, until the very end of this war.



Chapter 242

Teraka’s mind was in a mess. Even though he had swept over the entire continent of Dareu leading 5,000 dragons with him, what he gained was only a battle with the Garden of Sunset while they were going around in search for the attacker like him, as well as the revelation that the Heaven’s Army and the Army of Brilliant LIght had entered Dareu.

He didn’t even find out who the lower existence was, that caused a mess in this world, but all four of the higher existence factions had already gathered. In Teraka’s view, he could only sigh.

[Is it really possible for a lower existence to hide his presence so well? Or perhaps this guy just ended with a mutual destruction with the Garden of Sunset……?]

[Lord Teraka, why don’t we enlarge our perimeter of search.]

[No, you must not scatter. One angel, one fallen angel, or one gatekeeper of the Garden can annihilate all of you. Remember this.]

[U, understood.]

Mid way, he got a call from the camp of the Destruction Demon Army, but of course, he ignored it. They were probably going to flatter him after regretting that they were now at odds with him, but useless allies were more dangerous than enemies. He would not cooperate with them any more.

However, the higher ups would get angry if they found out about this. And so, he put up a measure to prevent any contact to the main headquarters behind the Wall of Chaos. Right now, they were probably quite agonized. He felt a little better now.

[Hmph, it’s a light price for those fools.]

Of course, ‘those fools’ right now, were being completely obliterated, not to mention ‘agonized’, but Teraka would never imagine that the lower existence he was looking for was daring enough to invade the camp comprised of higher existences.

[I do not know what kind of method this guy used to hide, but that’s one near perfect concealment. I don’t like this, but do I need to watch over this situation……. no.]

Teraka thought for a little before raising his head.

[From now, we’ll attack the Heaven’s Army directly.]

The dragons who were a little tired due to the search that continued on from the battle, were confused at Teraka’s aggressive declaration and blinked their eyes.

[Did you not just say that you need to watch over this situation?]

[If you were the only one in this world, then it might be fine to take it slow. However, reality isn’t like that. Stopping means getting left behind. Even if you know that it is not a wise choice, you only make progress once you take your foot off the ground.]

At least, Teraka himself lived like that until now. In this world where development had halted, he struggled to become a higher existence, and after ascending to the realm of higher existences he dreamed of so much, he threw himself into battle after battle, almost as if he had suicidal tendencies, in order to rise into a higher realm. The reason he could become 6th class in just a few years is definitely not just because of luck.

Of course, moving about recklessly was no good either. Teraka explained his reason why he decided to attack the angels.

[We are currently, on the surface, in an alliance with the Army of Brilliant light, so nothing good would come from making them enemies. It will also be a pain to get in the bad eyes of the higher ups too. Moreover, the Garden of Sunset must be really tense right now thanks to the attack, it is also a loss to provoke them. On the other hand, the Heaven’s Army had just arrived in this world, and must not have adapted to this ‘environment’ of Dareu yet. The best choice is of course, to attack them. Of course, I’m not getting into a life or death fight with them. We’ll retreat after making plenty of gains using an ambush.]

[The angels……. understood. We’ll prepare.]

[If it’s a magic that gathers all our magic power, even higher existences would……]

The dragons, who became tense after hearing that they would ambush a camp of higher existences, each resolved themselves while Teraka activated his magic to find the mana of the angels that he had sensed last time.

Of course, the interference magic that the Heaven’s Army had cast all over the world tried to hinder him, but Teraka was a being that had reached 6th class as the last of the bloodline of the dragons that succeeded the realm of magic piled up over countless years to leap beyond the limits. Just considering the field of magic, he had the confidence to easily toy with the most exceptional of angels.

[Good, found them.]

A thick smile hung over Teraka’s lips. He could feel the current state of the angels gathered together.

[Gather everyone’s magic and cast anti-recognition magic on me. I’ll ambush them and cause chaos and you shall follow. No matter how weak you may be, with all of you together, you should be able to kill ten at least. Just with that you can grow. Fight with your life on the line!]

[Understood!]

[We shall throw our lives!] 

Even if any of them had complaints on Teraka’s way of action, the dragons wouldn’t be able to say it out loud, so they could only follow obediently.

Teraka also knew that they weren’t following him out of pure loyalty, but that did not matter. The ones that do shall reach the realm of higher existences, and the ones that don’t will die without being able to endure.

[We’re going; to erase everything.]

The dragon army departed. Raising his position in the Destruction Demon Army even if he had to kill a single angel more! Teraka didn’t even know what happened to his allies and was dreaming nicely.

Meanwhile, Yu IlHan, who made Teraka’s dreams into ashes, let all the others rest inside the two fortresses while he was contacted by Erta, and allowed the angels to detect him.

[It has been a while, Yu IlHan.]

What was this, fate’s prank? The one that came to him was the remaining one angel that was contracted to him, Spiera.

[You’ve become really stronger. Well, it’s natural considering that you’ve endured on that Earth that changed so rapidly.]

“It’s been a while, Spiera.”

Yu IlHan wasn’t confident that his expressions were hidden, but looking at Spiera’s smile, it did seem to be successful.

[The ones that know where you are, are only Erta, and I. The one that wished to come here was me. Erta let me have the opportunity.]

“Yes, I also wanted to see you.”

Yes, really. He pondered day and night about how to screw her up. However, Spiera hadn’t seen through his mind, and only nodded with an awkward expression.

[Even though I could not help you, you’ve learned to escape Earth by yourself like this. Truly amazing. Was it the power of the newly earned subclass?]

“Yes.”

[So Erta was right. You always surpass my expectations…….. I’m truly, truly joyful to meet you again like this.]

“……..Yes, me too.”

Yu IlHan thought that a person’s mind was very mysterious. That was because he did not think that Spiera was lying. Right now, she was feeling heartfelt delight from meeting him again, and was rejoicing about his safety!

Yu IlHan did not know what kind of role she had in the negotiation between the Heaven’s Army and the other factions. Just that, he could predict that she didn’t take a positive attitude about that, as she hated traitors so much.

Despite that, it was still the truth that Heaven’s Army had abandoned Earth, and Yu IlHan for its future, and was also the truth that they had skipped over the sacrifices of innocent newborns without shedding a single drop of tears at all.

Despite not being evil at heart, she accepted everything that happened that benefited her organization – wasn’t this like a fanatic believer of a cult? Does one’s own opinions become meaningless in such a community? Yu IlHan became afraid of Heaven’s Army. He also became afraid that his own army may become like that, but thinking about it, they were already quite like that.

Just as when Yu IlHan was pondering about the direction in which he had to lead his army, Spiera’s eyes became sharper.

[So, did you learn the Great Cosmos-severing Spera?]

“No, I couldn’t.”

[You’ve grown so much in other fields, but why could you not learn the Great Cosmos-severing Spear! Do you even know what kind of resolve I had to achieve in order to teach you the technique!]

No, perhaps her mind weighed more towards the one that learned her technique than Yu IlHan himself. Yu IlHan burst out laughing. He thought that she was almost as simple as Liera is.

[Although I can’t do it since we’re at war right now, but once we end up bringing this war to a close with our victory, then I’ll start teaching you for real. And……. yes, to Earth, too. I can become a part of your power.]

“Yes, let’s go to Earth together.”

Yu IlHan nodded his head and acknowledged her words and extended his right hand forward to grab hers.

“Please take care of us, Spiera.”

[Same goes for me, Yu IlHan. I like how you became much more handsome during that time. I’m waiting for the day you enter the Heaven’s Army.]

Two people with different intentions shook hands. The potential alliance had surfaced to become real.

[Will you converge with us right away?]

“No, as you know, the biggest power I have is my concealment. I will cooperate, but I’m going to put some distance between us and the main camp of the Heaven’s Army.”

[……You are saying you’ll hide those two gigantic fortresses against higher existences?]

“I already had some achievements from it.”

Yu IlHan slightly opened his inventory. Looking at the mountain of corpses in there, Spiera became speechless.

[How can this…….]

“So, the Destruction Demon Army should have been weakened right now. The 6th class dragon is quite dangerous, but anyway, it’s better to attack the Garden of Sunset or the Army of Brilliant Light.”

[I also do not hate battle, but I really cannot catch up to your offensiveness…….. I see your point. Do as you wish. No, since it became like this, it’ll be better for me to hide myself in your shadow.]

“Sure.”

Spiera shook her head and landed on the flying fortress after folding her two wings. Her head suddenly tilted.

[Is…….. Liera here?]

“She’s sleeping. She lent a hand in making the result I just showed you and is quite tired.”

[…….Has she become a lower existence?]

“Yeah.”

[And she gained you?]

“Yeah.”

The smile on her lips was definitely of the bitter kind. However, the next moment, she nodded with a bright smile that Yu IlHan had never seen before.

[It’s a good thing. It’s a joyful occasion. Cherish her, Yu IlHan. If it’s you of the future……. you can protect Liera.]

“You won’t ask Liera to come back to the Heaven’s Army?”

[I can understand what she is thinking right now. She is probably placing expectations that are impossibly high on herself. Though, you are amazing since her expectations had always been fulfilled at 120%, but…….fufu.]

Yu IlHan was sure that the expression on her face at that time was closer to self-loathing.

[If you enter the Heaven’s Army, then she’ll come back without having me persuade her. I’m sure that she’ll say something like a wedding in Heaven is romantic, so I shall not talk to her about such matters.]

Having finished speaking, Spiera took out her spear and stood next to Yu IlHan.

[Let’s depart, Yu IlHan. I thought fighting alongside you was something that was only possible when you became a higher existence, never did I know it would come true in such a way.]

“You’re right. I also didn’t know such a day would come.”

Life was funny. Would Yu IlHan when he dropped out, possibly imagine that he would become an expert of such power and participate in such a large scale war, just for survival? Would he have ever thought that he would harbor different intentions towards Spiera?

“It’s funny indeed.”

[That’s true.]

The two exchanged short smiles and looked up front. Yu IlHan put the two fortresses inside his area of concealment and activated the magic formation without hesitation.

In the place they went to, dragons and angels were having a massive battle.



Chapter 243

“……Did we come to the right place?”

[We should have…….. we should have, but what is happening here!?]

The scene where dragons and angels fought bloody battles. The one that lead the charge against the other side was the dragon Teraka that Yu IlHan knew all too well.

Wait, he came here? He succeeded in making Yu IlHan, who was proficient in reading the flow of incidents, panic. Of course, this would be his first and last success. After all, this turned out to be the worst result for him possible!

[No, we shouldn’t stay still like this. We must go save them now!]

Spiera also didn’t’ seem to have imagined that there would be a battle so early on, and took out her spear. Yu IlHan found the figure of Teraka that was driving the angels into a corner, and made a bitter smile.

“Is this fate…”

“*Yawn*, what is it? Wasn’t I allowed to sleep for a little more? Why can I feel a prickle?”

“You could……… but the situation is heading towards a strange direction.”

“Hmmm.”

Liera walked sheepishly out of the mansion with her pajamas on and defenselessly forced her way into Yu IlHan’s arms. It wasn’t that she didn’t notice Spiera, but she didn’t seem concerned about her at all. Spiera burst out laughing while looking at Liera’s peaceful expression and flew up with her two wings.

[I can’t bear to watch. Yu IlHan, I’ll go first. I’ll need to beat up that arrogant lizard.]

“Don’t forget that your concealment only lasts until the first attack.”

[First attack? I think you’re mistaken.]

Spiera’s two eyes glistened. As she was receiving the effects of Yu IlHan’s concealment, she was unseen by anyone other than Liera and Yu IlHan – and had a confident smile. Bringing up all her power as a 6th­ class, she declared.

[If it’s the current me, the first attack shall be the last.]

“…….”

[Yu IlHan, my single greatest strike – etch it into your two eyes. Be thankful to your luck in having acquired an opportunity to bear witness to the Great Cosmos-severing Spear up close.]

Never in her life did Spiera rely on concealment. It was an embarrassment for her, who had always fought from the front! However, that thought changed gradually while she watched Yu IlHan.

The one who survives is the victor, and until now Yu IlHan had gained successive victories with his concealment. Watching what he possessed at the end of all that, cowardice or embarrassment became laughable things. Moreover, this was a war for a higher world! Anything that could be used advantageously must be used.

[Then, I shall go.]

“It’s thanks to me that you can conceal yourself so give me half the spoils, ok?”

[So greedy…… Eei, this is a bribe for the alliance. I’ll give you all of it. So you open your eyes wide, and watch me from this place.]

Spiera’s spear glowed with a mysterious power. This was the spear that Yu IlHan had never seen before – the spear that harbored all of Spiera’s power as a 6th class!

With zero presence thanks to Yu IlHan’s concealment skill, Spiera flew straight towards Teraka. Her body glowed in light blue and drew a trail like a comet, but the only one that could see that was of course, Yu IlHan and Liera.

[Hhhhp.]

The moment before Spiera and Teraka clashed, Yu IlHan thought – don’t protagonists usually beat such guys? – like so.

[Proceed! Go against an angel by teaming up! Threat to your lives? You just need to charge……. Mm?]

[This.]

Not that it was meaningful though. Spiera had no thoughts in leaving the one that stirred up trouble in the Heaven’s Army camp to someone else.

[is what it means to sever the cosmos.]

Spiera’s spear severed the very fabric of space. Teraka, who was facing tens of angels at once with his magic, didn’t even notice Spiera’s approaching and received her attack in full, and without even any time to activate defense magic, he was cleanly cut in the neck.

Like that! Just like that! Without any time for any screams or final words, and above all, without any room to leave behind foreshadows! While watching that, Yu IlHan muttered absentmindedly.

“That’s the Great Cosmos-severing Spear?”

“It really is strong.”

“Well, yeah, it is indeed strong, but…….”

Muttered Yu IlHan while redrawing the trajectory that Spiera had drawn in the air; that was only seen by Liera and Yu IlHan himself.

Her technique was indeed very strong, enough to ignore the defenses of a 6th class, but, well? In Yu IlHan’s eyes, it did not look that strong. If it’s that amount of destructive power, he could probably block it with the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory. Not that he’ll honestly tell that to Spiera.

[Fuu.]

Spiera fully extended her two pairs of wings and grabbed Teraka’s severed head and body. Although her technique looked to be lacking somewhat, her figure holding up Teraka’s head couldn’t look any cooler.

It didn’t seem to be his thoughts alone, and the other angels also rejoiced and shouted.

[Spiera has returned! She has killed the leader of the enemy at the same time!]

[Spiera, how can she move so discreetly?]

[The remaining ones are mere lower existences, kill them all!]

Yu IlHan saw that Teraka had died too easily and thought ‘that must not be the end of him, is it?’ but he did die with that one strike. The evidence of it appeared on Yu IlHan’s retina after all.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 411 Teraka.]

It seemed that Yu IlHan’s influence was quite big as he gained experience and record as well. However, Yu IlHan couldn’t really be happy.

“I feel like my stage was just stolen by Spiera. I even have the Eight-tailed dragon spear which is effective against dragons, I feel like I’ve made a loss…….”

“Do you really have to be dejected because you couldn’t fight a 6th class…….? Rather, if IlHan’s concealment is added on top of a monster like Spiera, such an absurd thing happens……”

Liera was still half asleep and was talking nonsense even while dragons were rampaging around. However, Yu IlHan did not bother replying to her. Spiera threw the body of Teraka behind her, and at that moment, the possession of Teraka’s body was transferred to him.

He received Teraka’s body into his inventory while being careful of his concealment. The dragons despaired while watching Teraka disappear into thin air.

[Lord Teraka!]

[That damn angel killed Lord Teraka!]

[W, we need to flee. We cannot win against them with our power alone!]

[No, if we make it through this fight, we’ll become stronger!]

On the enemy side, no one other than Teraka were bigshots. Yu IlHan also immediately helped out the angels. Though, in fact, he just wanted to take all the dragon remains for himself!

“Mir, can you fight them?”

“Hing, I don’t like those cowards. Dad, will I become a coward like them if I eat them?”

“If you’re worried about that, it’s fine. If I cook it well, all those weird things will disappear.”

“Then I’ll fight!”

Yumir also got off the Guardian fortress and charged towards the battlefield. Yu IlHan was relieved at Yumir’s figure and he also went into the fight. Against higher existences, he had to conceal himself and had to put all his power to his surprise attacks, but right now, there was no need to do that.

“Mystic, maximum output. I don’t care how many 4th class magic stones you use, so shoot to your heart’s content.”

[While not damaging the bodies, right? Roger that!]

Hundred Eyes floated in the air. As more mana gathered, the resting personnel also gathered their attention on that, and when everyone woke up, Mystic’s strike pierced through the battlefield and instantly annihilated over a hundred dragons. It was a refreshing strike indeed!

[Wh, what is that!?]

[Lower existence! It’s the one that Lord Teraka talked about!]

[B, but right now.]

Right now, you guys are all being lynched so it’s no time for you to be hunting us! With an evil smirk that any villainess would have fallen for, Yu IlHan drove both the Flying fortress and the Guardian fortress.

“Hunt as much as possible. They are weak so there’s no worry about dying! Miss YuNa, output as much blessings as possible!”

“Hiiing, I thought we could finally rest, but it’s work again! I hate you, Mr. IlHan!”

However, even while she was grumbling, blessings were being poured onto the army filling the two fortresses.

Yu IlHan also felt his vitality rise after being blessed by her and took into the air. His concealment was revealed anyway. Right now, the one that rampaged the most was the winner.

“Orochi, let’s work a little more!”

[There are a lot of easy food. I also welcome this hunt!]

The Eight-tailed dragon spear burned with a translucent flame. Yu IlHan thought that there was no need for Falling Down with the angels here. In fact, the dragons couldn’t even escape properly so he didn’t see the need to either!

[W, we cannot endure anymore.]

[We need to flee, but how?]

[Lord Teraka is not with us anymore! What we can trust…… is nothing, dammit! Kugh!]

Even dragons over level 250 were mere mobs that were lower levelled than Yu IlHan himself! Yu IlHan moved faster than the angels who were now freed from the threat of Teraka, and tried his best to kill as many dragons as possible.

As long as he had his Eight-tailed dragon spear, Yu IlHan received 120% increase in his damage, so any random swing of his spear would annihilate the dragons here.

“Haaap!’

[Dragons, it’s dragons! Master, swing bigger! Output your flames stronger!]

“IlHan is so cool!”

[J, just what is that lower existence!? I half-doubted it when they said we’ll ally with them, but if it’s him…….!]

[A single strike from him killed twelve dragons! Just what is he!?]

[Yu IlHan, Yu IlHan of Earth!]

Thought not as much as Yu IlHan with the Eight-tailed dragon spear, it was the same for the two fortresses and the armies inside that had an easy time facing the dragons!

They finally met an enemy that ‘won’t kill them even with their strongest attacks’. Free experience was referring to this alright! Under Lier and Yumir’s command, each of the armies rampaged around in joy.

[Khaaak!?]

[W, we cannot win. Not even against those small beings!]

[Lord Teraka, Lord Teraka!]

Yu IlHan-made armors and weapons increased the league of the members by a tier, and dragons that weren’t higher existences could not possibly go against them. Like the first time Yu IlHan had hunted dragons, they were being given dragon slayer, dragon hunter and other titles of the like.

[W, we need to flee.]

[We grabbed onto to the wrong rope. Destruction Demon Army, we need to return to…….]

“Where?’

The weapons held by angels glowed. Magic cast by hundreds of angels struck against the dragons continuously, and Yu IlHan’s spear severed the lives of countless dragons.

Although their experience was way smaller compared to higher existences, their remains were one of the most needed materials for Yu IlHan right now! Yu IlHan did not stop and rampaged around. Right now, he was etching his existence deeply into the mind of the angels.

[What the hell, we abandoned Earth and gave up on that human?]

[S, shut up. What are you going to do if he hears it?]

[We need to bring him to the Heaven’s Army. Although I had seen him once, his growth is frightening.]

Yu IlHan had killed dragons during his 2nd class days. Now that his level and his equipment have risen by several tiers, he could hunt dragons at a speed where even Spiera could not catch up.

His throw of the spear would kill several dragons, and his swing of the spear, containing ten strikes, would simultaneously behead ten dragons. It was only a matter of time until the dragons, numbering 5,000, all died.

[R, resentful.]

[I did not want to die like this. I only, wanted to live on in this continent…….]

[Lord, Teraka…….]

Listening to the final words of the enemies would provoke sympathy. As so, Yu IlHan killed the ones that talked a lot with priority. In fact, he had succeeded in concealing himself in mid battle, so no one could find him!

[Khhhmmm.]

At the time when Yu IlHan was butchering the enemies (and gathering them) like mad, the sky above the battlefield ‘opened’. The sky, the atmosphere, and the clouds were literally splitting in half, so it could only be described as ‘opened’.

[You maggots.]

A horrible aura that Yu IlHan had ‘never felt before’ was being emitted from beyond that.

[I finally thought I found a suitable successor, but they all died.]

The voice from the gap made Yu IlHan shiver. Just what kind of being was it to possess such an aura? Although he had expected this to a certain extent, never did he imagine he would meet such a frightening monster so early on!

[That’s why us dragons are no good. We always let our guard down too easily. Since the powers we possess are too strong……]

Yu IlHan quickly returned to the Flying fortress and pulled his concealment over the two fortresses. Fortunately, the enemy hadn’t shown himself, so his attempt succeeded. Liera and Yumir, who were watching him all the time, also followed him back. The same with the wolfkin, the elves, and the Dragon’s Army!

[The Destruction Demon Army headed to Dareu has been ‘annihilated’, so I can finally show myself in this place……]

The enemy’s voice rang out in the air. Unlike the angels that were confused at the ‘annihilated’ part, Yu IlHan had guessed what was going on and was sweating cold sweat. The enemy did not put him into consideration and continued speaking.

[I shall go to that place. The memorial of my kin, I shall have it paid using your blood. The power of Echjar, the 13th Battalion Commander. Receive it with your power.]

[E, Echjar!]

The angels shivered. Liera was also shocked and grabbed Yu IlHan’s arm.

“I, Ilhan, Echjar is…….”

“Oh, I know. You don’t have to explain.”

“How do you know!?”

“Well, that’s because I couldn’t finish off Teraka myself – meaning, the Eight-tailed dragon spear hasn’t had its chance to act yet. And that means only one thing.”

Yu IlHan’s voice lowered. He continued after looking at the gigantic monster that showed itself slowly through the gap in the split sky.

“A dragon that’s stronger than Teraka, in other words……”

The enemy he thought that he may have to face one day; one that he thought that it would only be after he became a higher existence that he would have to face it.

“A 7th class dragon.”

[Kuoooh!]

The dragon that could only come to Dareu after all of his kin were slaughtered, roared loudly throughout the world. While the angels and the army under Yu IlHan, immersed in the joy of victory, fell into despair, only one, Yu IlHan, had glistening eyes.

“What would pop out if I make equipment out of that guy?”

“Get yourself together, you idiooot!”

Shouted Liera with all her soul. Immediately after that, the Dragon of Despair descended upon Dareu.

The curtains to the biggest battle yet had risen.



Chapter 244

[How can this be.]

[7th class…….! The Dragon of Despair!]

[How can that being already be here? The Destruction Demon Army was annihilated!? Whatever happened that caused it to be able to come here? Just who, and how?]

[Kugh…….]

Spiera momentarily tried to look at the Flying fortress where Yu IlHan and his army was residing in, but endured from doing so with her superhuman will. Yu IlHan also noticed what she was doing. At least, he could realize that she had done that for him.

That was why, he was more confused.

“…….Humans really are unpredictable. They aren’t just evil, nor just insane, nor just single-minded.”

“Spiera is not a human but an angel.”

“But I still can’t understand her.”

“Spiera won’t fall for IlHan, right…….?”

Yu IlHan had no confidence that his concealment would work against a 7th class being, but looking at things now, it seemed that his enemy did not see him. His gaze was fixed on Spiera.

[Only you here are capable of making this scene. Yes, how was it to behead a dragon?]

[Very satisfying. I think beheading you will be even more sensational.]

Spiera raised her spear. The 7th class dragon Echjar burst out in laughter at Spiera’s words.

[Interesting, very interesting! It was worth it for me to come here!]

[It is only now that you’re at your leisure. Do you not see the dragon blood flowing on this spear?]

Spiera was provoking an enemy on a higher league than hers without fear. The angels were shocked at her attitude, while contacting Heaven or casting defense magic on her. Of course, the enemy seemed to have confidence as he slowly walked out the gap in the skies.

[I wanted to leave at least one…… No, now that this world became a higher world, if I acquire this world, dragons will naturally keep appearing in the future.]

[You’ll acquire this world?]

[I alone am enough to fight you bitches, but……. The Army of Brilliant Light will also come here soon. We decided to hand them a treasure of the Destruction Demon Army. Well, if you’re frustrated, why don’t you ally with the Garden of Sunset?]

Even while knowing that the alliance will not happen, the dragon provoked the angels. An overwhelming mass of mana that covered its enormous body, enough to eclipse the size of all dragons Yu IlHan had hunted now put together, each materialized into large and sharp weapons.

[Were you so proud to kill a dragon? Well then, how about you show your skills to me as well.]

[You oversized lizard. I’m joyful that I can break a corner of the Destruction Demon Army today.]

The materialized mana charged towards Spiera and the nearby angels. The angels all cast defensive magic, but the weapons penetrated it easily, and as their movements were read already, they instantly pierced through the angels and their defenses.

[Khhak!]

[My LORD!]

“E, eeek.”

Over ten angels died on the spot. Liera’s hand grabbing Yu IlHan’s shoulder tensed. Although she had left the Heaven’s Army, she could not leave behind her feelings towards the individuals as well.

“It’s not that the angels are moving slowly. That guy’s mana is hindering the angels’ movements……!’

“I’m also analyzing it right now.”

Yu IlHan’s voice that replied to Liera’s words that she said while clenching her teeth, was also full of nervousness. Currently, he was focusing his all on recording everything within his range of senses with the Record skill, but as the enemy was of 7th class, he was feeling a pressure. Falling Down would probably not work either.

The reason was simple. The enemy’s reserve of mana was way too large. An overwhelming amount of mana that Yu IlHan could not bear was hindering him from recognizing, recording, and restricting the enemy! And this was relatively fast as well since he had concealed himself.

[Haaap!]

While all other angels had given up on resistance, only Spiera shouted and swung her spear towards him – with the Great Cosmos-severing Spear that killed the 6th class Teraka instantly, despite being helped by concealment!

[Fuu.]

However, the shield that the enemy made in less than an instant with just a snort simply blocked that strike. Spiera’s full out attack continued for several more times, but the shield blocked everything.

[Hm.]

Muttered he in exclamation.

[You are especially strong for a 6th class. However, that’s it. You cannot reach me. No, oh, is that it? Was this to buy time for your allies to retreat?]

The moment the dragon’s wings unfolded widely, the moment flames filled the air! – the wings of the angels that tried to flee while leaving Spiera, could not endure and melted like the wings of Icarus. And then a large-scale ice magic came afterwards! Spiera desperately swung her spear to cut apart his mana, but just the traces of the magic was enough to freeze a part of an angel.

[Oh, Lord God.]

[Please give us salvation. If you cannot save me, please bestow salvation upon my colleagues…..!]

[That damned God, that disgusting God! Call him out here, I SAID CALL HIM OUT!]

The more the dragon’s wings flapped, the more it snorted, the more angels groaned in pain. Only the sole 6th class, Spiera, was holding out relatively well.

Yu IlHan was worried that Erta might be within their ranks, but fortunately, she could not be seen among them. It seemed that she had fled early on.

Mystic was retreating from the moment the dragon appeared, but judged that that was not enough and reported to Yu IlHan.

[Master, I think we’ll be affected soon. I can nullify it, but the concealment would probably wear off in the process.]

“Yes, flee. We need to flee.”

Even with Yu IlHan’s reckless attitude, he could not enforce it on the army he had, there were still loads of 3rd class beings here, there’s no way he could let them go against a 7th class!

Even Yumir, a 4th class, and of the same kin, had a nosebleed while standing on the outer wall of the Flying fortress. Although he seemed to have been inspired a lot from the extreme limits that his race could reach, any more than this would be dangerous even for him.

“Mystic, I will now send the Flying fortress and the Guardian fortress to a safe region…… the concealment would wear off immediately, but there should be no problems in defending yourself on the spot, so don’t worry about that.”

[Concealment will wear off……? Master, you?]

“I, I……. of course, gotta kill that guy.”

Even the ever-confident Yu IlHan could not keep his confidence in this situation. He felt his own voice trembling and let out a laughter. However, he did not plan to retreat here.

“As long as the battle is within this continent, no one will catch me, so I have the confidence to survive. Moreover.”

I said this last time, but a person’s heart is mysterious indeed.

He muttered that inside his heart and looked at Spiera who was facing off against a 7th class dragon. Although he never changed his mind to screw her up, and was also building his plans towards that……

“I can’t send her off so easily like this. If I did that, I’ll die due to the tugging on my mind.”

“You really are an idiot. Though, that side about you is cool as well.”

Liera did not stop him. Instead, she stood by his side quietly. This was her expression of never leaving his side even if she had to die.

“That magic formation can cover for the two of us, right?”

“I can’t help it I guess.”

Yu IlHan accepted her with a bitter smile. Yumir, Na YuNa, and Yu IlHan’s other subordinates that saw the two wished to go with them, but he firmly shook his head.

“You guys are too lacking. Moreover, I’m going to come back alive so don’t look at me as if I’m going to die there.”

“But Your majesty, we met after such a long time……”

“I said I won’t die.”

“But…….”

The most worried was Na YuNa.

“Mr. IlHan. Let’s just all escape to Earth, please?”

“Miss YuNa, if we don’t proceed, what remains is only regress. Fleeing will become a habit. We’ll have to face that guy anyway once the Earth becomes a higher world.”

Although Yu IlHan didn’t know this, his words were similar to what Teraka said. And Teraka, had met a vain death after saying those words.

Of course, Teraka and Yu IlHan had differences, but whether that will work against a 7th class being, he did not know. Looking at the rampaging dragon, he thought that he had acquired enough records, but even the most amazing of records would lose meaning without the ability to realize the potential.

Despite that, Yu IlHan’s voice was full of confidence.

“Go first. I’ll finish it off real quick and come back.’

“Uuuu, that’s really dangerous though. Mr. IlHan, you idiot, iiidiot!”

Having felt that she could not stop him, Na YuNa muttered in dejection and hopped towards him. Even Liera, who would have normally blocked her, let her be for now, and Na YuNa could be embraced by Yu IlHan. She dug her face into his chest and spoke.

“I’m going to curse you if you die. I’m going to reveal the contents of the “New Folder” on your pc or the entire D drive!”

“I’m fine with everything else, but please delete the ‘English lectures’ folder.”

“Iiiidiot.”

[Kahak.]

While Yu IlHan was persuading his subordinates, the battlefield was progressing rapidly as well. Over half of the angels that came to Dareu had died, and half of that number safely escaped the battlefield, and Spiera, who was swinging her spear without holding back in order to buy time for the others to flee, was already half-dying.

[Hmm, you’re not enough.]

However, at this point, Echjar felt a sense of awkwardness.

[You should not have been able to kill Teraka so easily with that much power.]

[Why don’t you test me. You have not brought out my all!]

[Hah.]

At the same time the dragon swung with his wings, the wind that generated assaulted Spiera. She severed the attack with several attacks of the Great Cosmos-severing Spear, but the aura that she could not cut apart inflicted a light wound on her body. Right now, even that light wound was very serious for her.

[Your attack power is strong indeed, but something is definitely lacking. Just what could it be. So that’s it. You lack speed and concealment.]

Echjar reached the conclusion quickly.

[There is someone else. There is someone else that I don’t know about, in this place!]

At the same time he shouted that, a violent surge of mana exploded outwards with him as the center! Yu IlHan immediately activated the magic formation to send everyone other than himself and Liera, but he coulndn’t safely bypass the shock of the mana explosion even with five Aegis shields stacked together.

“Kugh.”

“Kyaak!”

The shock that even Infernal dragon body could not absolve inflicted shock on Yu IlHan. However, it was fortunate that Liera wasn’t seriously injured as he had embraced her.

[I definitely felt something. But I still cannot know where that is.]

[Dragon, did you get Alzheimer’s after living so long? I said there was no such thing.]

Spiera laughed at him and took up her spear. Although her blood-covered arms were trembling minutely, the aura at her spear tip was still as bright as ever.

[You must not be thinking that only the Destruction Demon Army possess 7th class beings. You were too reckless. You’ve blown this war very far out of proportion.]

[Do you think I fear anyone? I am the King of Dragons. The 13th Battalion Commander of the Destruction Demon Army, Echjar!]

Echjar’s attention that was headed to a certain someone hiding within the area fixed on Spiera yet again. Liera thought that this was the perfect time to do a surprise attack, but Yu IlHan shook his head.

“What he showed from the beginning until now is all a feint. From the moment he appeared, he knew of my existence, and he has not let go of his wariness towards me. You remember how the 5th class giant was prepared against my surprise attack right? This guy definitely has something as well.”

However, the option on Yu IlHan’s gauntlet – calling out a shadow to distract the others – was not ready to reuse yet. He wondered if it would work even if he could use it.

“Then…… then what are you going to do? We can only run away.”

“Actually, it’s not quite like that either.”

Yu IlHan watched as Spiera attacked with all her power, and as the dragon only snorted and prepared a large scale magic, while he prepared his own skill as well.

What would be consumed as 1,300 4th class magic stones and 15 5th class magic stones. This was a tremendous requirement to prepare for a single skill, but he could only use them all as the ‘target of accompaniment’ of the skill was quite a high tiered being after all.

“If it is found out that I used this method, I wouldn’t be able to use it again, and though I thought about using this against Spiera, though this is a method I did not plan to use without Erta’s help…”

“IlHan……”

“However, against an opponent that’s firing large scale magics like nothing, it should be possible. It’s probably trying to discover where I am, but……”

That would instead be his downfall. Yu IlHan noticed that the skill was ready and waited for the right timing nervously.

[Die, beast!]

[Kroaaar!]

Not yet, Spiera had just commenced attack on him.

[You’ll do what with this puny attack? It’s so funny that I don’t know what to do, you angel!]

His mana puffed up. The mana forms a meticulous structure and into magic.

The magic activates. The shiveringly cold icy aura that spread from him instantly spread towards the surroundings and put not only Spiera into his attack range, but Yu IlHan and Liera as well…… and at that moment.

“Now!”

Yu IlHan activated the skill.

The name of the skill was Warp, and the destination was none other than Earth.

The rarest of skills, Warp, that allowed him to leap worlds with others if he consumed additional magic stones. The ‘target that the user wants to’ on the skill explanation, did not necessarily mean allies, and it could be anyone that he wanted to accompany him.

In other words, if he wished to, and had enough magic stones to consume, even Echjar could be drawn into the Warp skill, and that meant…..

“Kuuugh.”

“Ugh.”

[…….What?]

The four beings that were safely warped to Earth, voiced out with different expressions. Yu IlHan and Liera in pain, Spiera in confusion and panic, and.

[Kkuaaahk!]

Due to the fact that he attacked a ‘lower existence’ ‘first’ in a ‘lower world’, Echjar screamed as the pain of his qualifications of a higher existence being stripped from him began.



Chapter 245

[Khaaa! Damned insect! You dirty and cowardly lower existeeence!]

Echjar instantly realized what had happened to him. He noticed that an unfamiliar mana had wrapped around him the moment Warp activated. However, at that moment, he was controlling his magic and could not push back or evade that mana. Like that, he was swept in the dimensional transportation. Without any time to cancel his magic, the magic attacked Yu IlHan and Liera, and naturally, the qualifications of being a member of the Destruction Demon Army was stripped from him.

[Kuaaak!]

[Just, what……]

“Good, perfect.”

“So this is the cowardly method you mentioned? How can it be so cowardly……?”

“Didn’t I say exactly that it would be very cowardly?”

In fact this was also the highest achievement his Record skill had gotten so far. The moment he was careless, the moment he could only be swept away by the skill even while knowing that it was happening, and the moment direct harm was inflicted on Yu IlHan and Liera!

All the records he had gathered using the Record skill, was used to spot that one moment. And the result was a big success. That guy was spewing blood and leaking mana everywhere!

[Kill, I’ll kill kill you! I WILL KILL YOU!]

Of course, as the realm he had reached was very high, it wasn’t like he fell to a lower existence right away, but despite that, the continuously dropping league, the continuously leaking mana, was inflicting horrible wounds and excruciating pain.

However, despite that, if there was something that frustrating him, it was that Yu IlHan and Liera was only inflicted damage by his magic, and did not act directly, so the concealment hadn’t worn off!

[Come out! I SAID COME OUT!]

[Would you have come out if you heard that? Truly laughable, no, truly frightening…….]

While he emitted mana in all directions while roaring in pain, Spiera, who had slightly recovered, re-gripped the pure-white spear and laughed. Spiera had also been attacked by the dragon after coming to Earth, so her qualifications will not get stripped even if she attacked!

[Truly an interesting man.]

Thinking up of such thing and putting it into action as well, who could have imagined that? She was not afraid of the enemy anymore. Although she was same in the regard that her body was exhausted, the one here was not her alone.

[Well then. The one in front of you is me, dragon. I don’t think you can escape death at this rate…… but wouldn’t you love to rampage to your heart’s content before that?]

[You dare laugh at me?]

Echjar roared. A 7th class was a 7th class after all. The magic that flowed out from his control reversed into his mouth momentarily and the next moment, it changed into black flames and shot out like a ray of light!

[Kugh!?]

“Kyak!”

“Insane……!?”

The large-scale beam of destruction, that made not only Spiera who was a little relieved right now, but Yu IlHan and Liera who were still concealed, shiver in fear, destroyed everything in its path and made a gigantic hole on the ground.

That was not the end, and the mana harboring a frightening curse instantly polluted the surrounding region and was encroaching to the other areas! If Earth had a will, it would have expelled him long ago!

[Kraoooh!]

A roar containing a very, very dense amount of mana, unbelievable for one that was losing his league, filled the air.

[I am not strong because I reached the 7th class. I! COULD REACH 7TH CLASS BECAUSE I WAS STRONG!]

[Hmph.]

Spiera was also the same in the regard that she was proud to have reached the realm where she was. She extended her two pairs of wings, and evaded the attacks of the dragon by using all the mana in her surroundings. The mana crystals on the surface of her spear peeled off one by one and started to rotate around her.

[Trying to harm me using mana? FOOLISH!]

[We won’t know if we don’t try. No, seeing as you can’t even control your own mana, I think the outcome is obvious!]

A 7th class losing his league clashed against a gravely wounded 6th class. However, Echjar was still a lot stronger than Spiera. Like the time he shout out a beam of destruction, he did not just let go of the mana leaking from his body, and used it to attack Spiera instead.

[Khaaah![

[Kufufu….. *cough*, you look horrible for someone who shouted so arrogantly, angel!]

[Hah, you too…….!]

The white blood bursting out from Spiera’s body made a rainbow in the atmosphere. Of course, the dragon was not in a good state either. Not because he had received injuries from Spiera, but because the more it tried to move its body and control the mana, the destruction of his body accelerated.

“Uaaah, just looking at someone falling to a lower existence is horrible. I remember back then.”

“I’m fine with you sticking to me, but please, save it for later.”

Meanwhile, what Yu IlHan was doing, was estimating the time he would attack that guy. Although he did not expect the enemy to be weakened so instantly, never did he imagine that guy would last so long either! However, thanks to that, another one of his hopes became achievable.

“Although I had given up by coming to Earth, perhaps I might be able to get intact 7th class remains.”

“My IlHan, this noona likes your unchanging attitude to things.”

And so, Yu IlHan was aiming for only one thing – the moment he was weakened enough to the point where he would not longer be able to block Yu IlHan’s attack, while the body still retained its value as a 7th class!

‘That’s mine. I can’t give that to Spiera, or the Heaven’s Army.’

In fact, Spiera didn’t wound that guy much either, so if Yu IlHan’s attack succeeded, he would be able to take the remains fair and square. There was only one thing that tugged his mind – the possibility that the dragon was preparing something against Yu IlHan’s surprise attack.

“But even so, I need to get in there before it’s too late.”

The spear that flew out with a push of his hand killed around three monsters on the ground and the Deathgod skill activate to enhance Yu IlHan’s abilities.

After that, he threw the spear around two more times to achieve 100% increase of all his abilities, and checked that Na YuNa’s blessing was still in effect and imbued mana into his spear. Meanwhile, Liera took out her spear as well and breathed deeply to calm herself down.

“I’ll take it after you.”

“He might have put up self-defense measures. Though, I’m not sure if it will be effective now that he fell to a lower existence……. But rather than trying to inflict damage, please deflect any possible counterattacks.”

“Got it.”

Even right now, Spiera was having a hard time against the enemy. He wouldn’t have brought her here if he wanted her to die. Yu IlHan did not hesitate anymore and charged forward.

Blaze, purple flame, Eternal Flame, and Dragonic blood! The strongest flame that Yu IlHan could make while not using Falling Down, burned in a translucent ball at the tip of his spear.

‘Fuuu.’

The moment he struck out, what replayed in his mind was the Great Cosmos-severing Spear that Spiera had shown him!

‘Of course, there’s no way I could do that if it was possible just by seeing her demonstration once.’

Although it was quite frustrating to acknowledge, by this time, he wondered if the problem was with his talent. Skills weren’t so easily learned just because someone taught you, or you were qualified to learn it.

However, if he tried more, he would be able to reach that realm someday. The path Yu IlHan had walked until now was like that after all. Yu IlHan hid his short thoughts and picked up his spear. Now, Echjar’s gigantic body was right in front of his eyes.

‘The sharpness of the sword, the speed of the whip, the strength of a blunt weapon. And physical combat that tie all of them into the spear!’

And using all of that, while striking several times with the Spear of Untraceable……!

“Hhhhp!”

[Got you!]

‘Kugh!?”

However, the moment Yu IlHan’s spear inflicted a deep wound on the gigantic body, the dragon caught onto Yu IlHan’s position with frightening reflexes and immediately focused his mana on the wounded part.

[Yu IlHan!?]

“Hbbb!”

A Jetstream of blood burst out from the wound without any delay! From the frightening and deadly aura inside that blood, the identity was a vicious curse that Yu IlHan had experienced before. As it used blood as the medium, it required sacrifice from the user, and was just as vicious and unrelenting curse!

Though he didn’t know it was an ability that reacted to the moment of an attack, but he did indeed expect a counterattack. Yu IlHan immediately tried to escape the place and pass the baton to Liera and Spiera, but……

“Ugh!? Uhhhp!”

“eeek, this is!”

It didn’t go as he wished to – he could not move, and Liera’s spear could not cut apart the blood.

[Frightening resistance alright. If any more time had passed, I might have failed…….!]

Muttered the gigantic dragon while pouring out black blood from all of its body. All of the leaking blood flowed according to the flow of curse that the dragon had used as a final attack and was assaulting and restricting Yu Ilhan.

[Even though I’m in the midst of my falling, to think you can resist the curse I’ve used my blood and mana to inflict…… are you really a lower existence?]

“Wha, jus, wha…..”

Muttered Yu IlHan in shock, but the blood already covered his entire body and he couldn’t even speak properly. As if to drown Yu IlHan to death in his blood, the dragon was pouring out endless streams of blood!

“eeeih! The blood does not cut so well! IlHaaan!”

[Li, LIera! Stop. That curse is spiritually connecting Yu IlHan and Echjar directly. If you attack Echjar right now, you may inflict damage on Yu IlHan as well!]

Liera tried to cancel the curse with her spear, but like what Spiera said, the curse of the dragon had a complex spiritual structure, and if something went wrong, even Yu IlHan would be put into dire straits.

Although he was prepared for any counterattack of power, never did Yu IlHan imagine that what the dragon had prepared was a curse that even his higher curse resistance could not block against. He was gritting his teeth in the pitch black world of blood.

Echjar laughed heartily even while his spirit and body was being weakened real-time, seeing Yu IlHan’s situation.

[My main source of intake is despair and fear. I become stronger as you despair!]

“Even though you’re being weakened…….!”

However, thinking back, Liera also possessed her powers as an angel for quite a long time while she fought against Chaos Will. It was not surprising that Echjar, a 7th class, was holding out longer.

Thinking of the power of the curse that seeped into Yu IlHan’s body and boil his blood and burn his flesh, Yu IlHan’s death would come faster than the dragon’s fall.

‘Fu, fuuu…….’

The Infernal dragon body had no option against curses, so it couldn’t do anything to the curse either – he had added another option instead of something related to curses since he believed in his own curse resistance. He thought that the was a fool for being completely relieved against curses since there was no higher stage of curse resistance.

So by 7th class, one can ignore even a mastered skill! Even if it was one during a fall to a lower realm! Yu IlHan acquired a new realization. Though, it was slightly late.

“IlHan!”

[Dammit, I did hear that you were one of the most vicious and evil of the dragons, but……!]

[Blabber all you want. Yes, if I kill this human and absorb his records, then I might be able to return to Dareu! Then, only you will remain in this closed world…… huh?]

Having felt that he could not resist with just curse resistance alone, Yu IlHan agitated all his powers he had in his body to resist.

First was Falling Down, something that could be seen as a higher version of curse resistance! In his domain of Falling Down, his recovery rate will increase by 5 times as well. If he brought up his Transcendent regeneration to the limits to resist, then perhaps!

[You really are no ordinary human…… I will have to kill you off here!]

The pressure from the curse became stronger. The blood that seeped into every single hole in his body was frightening!

Yu IlHan tried to focus all of his flames within the Falling Down domain to burn the blood, but the curse did not disappear even after the blood became vapor, and instead, it stuck to him even more to make him more agonized. Flames were no good!

‘Then……!’

Right now, the dragon definitely said that the curse will not dissolve unless one of the two, Yu IlHan or himself, dies. That meant that if Yu IlHan somehow survived this curse, the one to die will become the dragon instead!

“Even though you’re falling to a lower existence without being able to do anything, you want to kill me…….? Let’s do it then!”

Yu IlHan gritted his teeth and activated Dragonic blood. Of course, the target of enhancement was Transcendent regeneration! In the domain of Falling Down, if he could not win against the curse even with the Transcendent regeneration enhanced by Dragonic blood, he shall welcome death!

However, at the moment he activated Dragonic blood, something completely unexpected reacted inside of him.

It was the aura of a dragon that seeped into him from the moment he got into a contract with Yumir.



Chapter 246

‘…….Huh, wait.’

Yu IlHan forgot about the pain from Echjar’s curse and focused on what was happening inside him. Echjar’s enormous mana, the curse he was controlling, as well as the mana of Falling down – numerous different types of mana were clashing against each other, somewhere within the frenzy, there was an aura that burned in bright white even amidst all of that.

A dragon’s aura – he had felt this early on when he ‘bathed’ in the Giant Bucket. The special kind of flow that changed his mana from the foundation, little by little, could not be forgotten even if he wanted to.

However, right now, it was reacting again at the moment he tried to enhance Transcendent regeneration with the help of Dragonic blood. Yu IlHan predicted that it was due to Echjar’s mana that was being poured into him

[……Dragon? You, you harbor the aura of dragons!]

Echjar also realized that fact. Of course, Yu IlHan couldn’t even respond right now. He was busy just thinking about what kind of method he had to use with that aura to help him survive or going further, to control Echjar’s mana.

However, the conclusion was simple. If dragon’s mana was reacting, then he just needed to make the same environment when it reacted before!

So, what Yu IlHan did, was to summon the Giant Bucket in midair without any hesitation.

[Just what is, an artifact that harbors the essence of dragons…… what!?]

“There we go.”

Then, he moved his body very slowly through the blood and sat himself down in the bucket. He even called out Aegis to hold the bucket in midair.

“……IlHan, you.”

Echjar’s blood naturally enveloped the Giant Bucket as well, and although it was hard to recognize, it wasn’t like it was hard to realize that Yu IlHan was bathing in Echjar’s blood.

“……”

[……]

[……]

To think he’d start bathing when he could barely move thanks to the curse – seeing a completely unpredictable scene in front of them, both allies and enemies fell into silence. However, like a loner, Yu IlHan didn’t mind the gaze of others and focused on himself and the Bucket.

‘I can do it. I can do it……!’

He activated Dragonic blood to forcefully change his own blood to closer to that of a dragon’s, and used that for Transcendent regeneration. While the blood within his body caused a rejection to Echjar’s blood, the Giant Bucket finally started resonating with him!

[Just, what…….!?]

Echjar, who had initially been full of rage at the one that made him fall to a lower existence, questioned what he was doing, rather than continuing to rage.

However, as long as the curse had been activated, he would have a hard time moving, and as he could not cancel the curse as he wished to, and could only watch what Yu IlHan was doing.

“Kkhhh , but this.”

While the Giant Bucket and Yu IlHan’s blood were synchronizing, the blood containing Echjar’s curse, rampaged violently, trying to dissolve Yu IlHan to nothing.

It would be the best if the Giant Bucket could encroach on the dragon’s blood as well, but the owner of the blood was still alive! As if to resist the Giant Bucket’s aura, it started to affect the Giant Bucket as well. Reddish black smoke was coming off from various parts of the Giant Bucket.

[Master, even though the Giant Bucket is an artifact, his blood is too strong!]

“Right?”

Yu IlHan was also aware of that threat – his Giant Bucket may become unusable! That was why, he took out whatever 5th class magic stones there were in his inventory. – there were four of them. This should be enough!

“If that’s so, I’ll just upgrade the Giant Bucket right here and now!”

[Master’s imagination always exceeds my imagination……]

[Kugh! My curse……. YOU!]

Now that things came to this, he would stop at nothing. This fight was already no longer a fight between Echjar and Yu IlHan, but Yu IlHan against the very concept of dragons.

He smashed down with the 5th class magic stones in his hand and made it clash against the Giant Bucket and activated Mana crafting that was at level 99!

Golden mana colored the world. The mana that all the magic stones had emitted were sucked into the bucket, temporarily pushing Echjar’s blood back as well.

[Th, this……!]

“What the hell is IlHan doing?”

[Just what kind of curse resistance allows him such free movement inside such a frightening curse…..?]

Yu IlHan’s body resonated with the Giant Bucket and started glowing as well. He had to maintain Falling Down, resist the dragon’s curse, and even focus on the upgrade process, so his head felt like it would explode, but he endured. Endured and focused his senses to their limits!

[Kuuugh.]

If his conditions were normal, he would have poured more mana in order to drive Yu IlHan into further straits, but as he had to hold his body from collapsing due to the rapid fall in league, he could not do that. It was quite the deadlock.

“Spiera, what can I do for IlHan……?”

[We cannot do anything, Liera. Just prevent Echjar from doing anything else.]

Focusing on the control of his mana for Mana crafting on the Giant Bucket, while fighting against the curse that tried to dissolve his skin, blood vessels, nerves, muscles and even bones, was something that even higher existences would shudder in the thought of it – he had endured through an unknown amount of time while in that state.

[Kugh!?]

“I did it!”

Now, the golden mana that glowed as if to fill the world with light, even dawned on Yu IlHan’s vision as well!

After the flash, an enormous amount of mana was absorbed into the Giant Bucket at once. The magic stones in his hands had long since disappeared, all the mana contained inside them were used in the upgrade of the Giant Bucket.

[Cradle of Miracles was completed.]

A single line of text etched itself onto Yu IlHan’s retina. There was no need to read the follow-up texts – Yu IlHan had a complete understanding of this artifact. The only important thing was that this artifact, born during the most dangerous times of Yu IlHan, was of the God rank.

“Good.”

Yu IlHan acknowledged that it was his fault for trying to win against an enemy so easily. That was why, and precisely because of that.

“This is the final round.”

The Cradle of Miracles and Yu IlHan, the resonance between the two became deeper as time went on. Even the Infernal dragon body, that could not show its light until now, participated in the resonance.

The lump of Echjar’s blood that tried to dissolve the Cradle of Miracles, the Infernal dragon body, and Yu IlHan’s body, clearly halted this time. Immediately after that, a slight tinge of gold emerged from the depths of the reddish black blood of curses.

Ehcjar finally realized what Yu IlHan was doing.

[……? Nonsensical. Don’t tell me you, a mere lower existence, is trying to take over the control of my mana?]

“We won’t know if we don’t try, no……”

Yu IlHan realized that the blood that seeped into his eyes behind the eyeball, had disappeared from his eyes, and that his transcendent regeneration had recovered his eyesight as well.

The battlefield that he had to rely on his other senses to feel finally entered his eyes.

“IlHan!”

[Yu IlHan……truly amazing!]

Liera and Spiera shouted in joy when they saw Yu IlHan’s ‘revival’ after they were at loss what to do from the moment Yu IlHan attacked the dragon. They could also see the gigantic dragon roaring in the air connected to Yu Ilhan via a path of blood.

Although the dragon was still retaining its form as his mana control was tremendous, but the more Yu IlHan held out against the curse, the worse his state became. Really, it was a curse that would not end unless one side died.

“Seeing as you can’t even control your own mana, I think the outcome is obvious!”

[You immediately used my line…]

Disregarding Spiera’s grumbles, Yu IlHan accelerated the resonance between himself and the Cradle of Miracles. As the intervals between the resonances became shorter, the dragon’s blood also thumped in a manner similar to a heartbeat, and reacted to it. Eventually, the moment Yu IlHan had been waiting for, had arrived. The blood full of curses started being purified!

[This, cannot……!?]

Echjar voiced out in shock. No one in his long lifespan had erased his curse from resisting it head on!

No, it wasn’t just that. From the moment the blood was cleansed of the curse, it emitted golden light and resonated with the Cradle of Miracles, and started flowing back to Yu IlHan.

It was a fundamentally different flow compared to when the curse was trying to destroy Yu IlHan’s body. The blood containing lifeforce and mana had regenerated the wounds Yu IlHan had and was transforming his mana!

“See?”

Yu IlHan felt that his internal mana was resonating with Echjar’s blood and was intermixing. It wasn’t that he didn’t feel a sense of resistance or rejection, but as Transcendent regeneration recovered his body, the blood was also being changed to suit him. Echjar voiced out his shock.

[Th, this cannot be. I, the King of Dragons, cannot lose to a puny human! There’s no way I’d fall to being a foothold for a mere human’s growth!]

“I feel like I’ve grasped the path I should walk on in the future. So I’ll say a word of thanks – thanks.”

[You have absorbed a portion of the blood and mana of the Dragon of Despair, Echjar, through the Cradle of Miracles. Magic permanently increases by 235. The body has commenced evolving, but the results are minute and does not show on the outside.]

Yu IlHan eventually stood up from the Cradle of Miracles and stored it back into his inventory. His body movements were very light, and was full of vitality.

Right now, who was it that could not move due to the curse? Yu IlHan’s mana was steadily being amplified while he absorbed the golden blood, but Echjar’s blood was being drained without being able to move. Of course, that would also stop the moment his mana is depleted!

[I, the 13th Battalion Commander of the Destruction Demon Army, Lord Echjar…..!]

And that, would be the moment of his death.

“But I won’t let that happen.”

It wasn’t that Yu IlHan had a change of heart and decided to join the Destruction Demon Army. It’s just that he could not bear to watch the dragon’s body falling in league anymore. He didn’t even know when he could meet and beat another 7th class!

“It should still have a value as a 7th class remains. It’s fine. If it’s now, it will be fine…..!”

[YOU, YU ILHaaaN!]

Echjar roared towards Yu IlHan in rage, as he finally realized that Yu IlHan had only seen him as equipment materials until the very end!

However, Yu IlHan completely ignored his roar, and pushed all the mana that was enhanced by the dragon’s blood into the tip of his Eight-tailed dragon spear and called the flames inside the domain of Falling Down to one place.

Right now, there was no need to bind that gigantic thing with the soulflame chains. He had bound himself up like a present.

[Is that, the power that Yu IlHan had acquired…..?]

“IlHan…….!”

As long as the curse connected the two, Liera and Spiera could not interfere. Spiera, who had her stage stolen mid-way, looked at the scene absentmindedly, and Liera was gripping on to her spear just in case.

However, Liera’s turn would not arrive. With the Eight-tailed dragon spear that raised his attack by 120% against dragonkin, if he could not kill the half-dead dragon, his title as a dragon Slayer would cry.

[Stop!]

Shouted Echjar hurriedly. It was a voice that plead for life.

[Do you know what it means to kill me!?]

“I’ve heard that around a billion times from your underlings, so don’t worry.”

Once again, he thought of the trajectory that Spiera had drawn. The amazing trajectory that allowed her to inflict a wound on a 7th class as a 6th class.

He still didn’t have the confidence to recreate that. He thought that those clothes weren’t a fit for him.

“But if it’s something else!”

[Kuoooh!]

He pierced his spear forward with a step forward. Right now, the things he could do were enough to kill the enemy.

Although the things he could imbue into his spear were the sharpness of the sword and the speed of the whip – just those two, there were ten of the same strikes that struck out simultaneously!

[Critical Hit!]

The text that told the fatal strike covered Yu IlHan’s retina. Once, from those ten strikes.

From the moment he gave up on learning the Great Comsos-severing Spear, he ironically gained a hint on the path he could walk.

[The skill, Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, has become level 98!]

[You, shall definitely……!]

Echjar, who was still conscious after his head was bisected, muttered with the last bit of willpower.

[You, sh…….!]

The contents that came afterwards were the same – The Destruction Demon Army shall not let you go, or the other Commanders won’t go down so easily or other things like that! Yu IlHan nodded his head as if to say that it was unnecessary to warn him.

“I’ll take care of everything. Leave everything to me and go on your way.”

[I don’t think that’s something you should say to someone you killed……]

Spiera retorted, but Yu IlHan did not react to that. The moment Echjar died, an absurd amount of experience came in thanks to him holding out for so long despite the fact that he should have fallen to a lower existence long ago, and according to that, he had to focus on receiving all of it.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv502(539) Echjar.]

[The ability of the title, Untouchable, becomes stronger. All abilities will increase by 15% every league the opponent is higher than you.]

[You have become level 299. 6 Strength, 4 Agility, 3 Health, 7 Magic gained.]

[You cannot become level 300 without becoming 5th class. All experience earned beforehand will be calculated after you have acquired 5th class.]

Well, then!

Yu IlHan calmed down his excited heart and focused on his retina. The path he had walked on until now was already so hard, but what was necessary to become 5th class? Come at me! I’ll take you all on! – was his feelings right now.

“……Huh?”

However, when nothing appeared no matter how long he had waited, Yu IlHan suspected that the Akashic Record was broken or something.

“What the hell? What is this?”

[What is it, Yu IlHan? Is his curse still remaining?]

“IlHan, are you alright!?”

The angel and the former angel flew over to him in fear. Yu IlHan replied with an awkward voice.

“There’s no guide to earning 5th class?”

“Oh, that.”

Liera smiled brightly while replying, as if she was worried for nothing.

“Because there is no such thing in the first place.”

“Wh, at…….?”

If Erta was here, if Erta, who acquired the dao in explaining things simply thanks to Yu IlHan, was here! – she would have said this.

That from 5th class onwards, it was no longer multiple choice.



Chapter 247

If he was asked what he preferred between multiple choice questions and writing-type questions, Yu IlHan would definitely answer multiple choice. Not only Yu IlHan, this was a common occurrence in any other Korean youth that have received the cramming education.

But slightly exaggerating, this was the most important moment in Yu IlHan’s life, the entry to higher existence! But now, it was a massive essay question!

Yu IlHan checked with Liera with a gloomy face.

“There’s no hint? Not even one?”

“If you’re looking for a hint, there’s one right in front of you.”

Liera stabbed her fingers into Spiera’s wings. He was about to say something to Liera, but even Spiera seemed to be on business here and only smiled.

[The Heaven’s Army is very good, Yu IlHan.]

“……”

They were going about on business against a guy they just betrayed, like nothing had happened. Really, the moment it had anything to do with factions, he didn’t want to talk with this woman.

Yu IlHan shook his head and stared at Liera. She only shrugged and put her hands down.

“Even if you look at me with such eyes, if there is any shortcut to becoming a higher existence, it’s to join a faction. Didn’t I say this before?”

“But I didn’t even know there was no advancement mission.”

[Yu IlHan, all you need to do is to come to the Heaven’s Army. Everything will be solved that way. You shall become a higher existence to acquire eternity and infinite potential, and the Army acquires a talent that could kill a 7th class despite being a 4th class – This is a splendid win-win scenario!]

“That’s…….let me think over it carefully.”

He had no plans to join the Heaven’s Army even if he died, but it seemed that Spiera completely considered him as an ally as he moved in to ‘save’ her. Well, it would become easier for him to strike her on the back of her head later the more she trusted him, however, it was also the truth that it would burden his conscience more.

Yu IlHan looked at Spiera with an awkward expression, but Spiera continued her business pitch with glistening eyes.

[A new angel is always welcome, Yu IlHan!]

“Fine, I get it.”

Even while sighing, Yu IlHan cleaned his spear and put it back inside his armor. Thinking back, the situation wasn’t so grim either. Although he did panic a lot when there was no information on how to become a 5th class after receiving guidance all the way from 1st class to 4th, it wasn’t like his path of growth was completely blocked.

Just in this battle alone, there were two: his path with the spear as well as the opportunity to transform himself using the Dragon’s blood, mana, and the Cradle of Miracles. That was definitely a power that Yu IlHan had to acquire, and that was only possible for him to acquire.

“Then let’s head back.”

“Yes, the others will be worried sick by now.”

[I was worried about what would happen when Echjar appeared, but to think it will be absolved in such an absurd way……]

Spiera muttered out her surprise, and thought that these kind of things happened as everyday occurrence when she was with Yu IlHan, and nodded her head naturally.

[It was just that you were insanely nonsensical.]

“You’re insulting me as if it’s nothing.”

[It was not an insult, did you receive it that way?]

“It was a leading interrogation?”

Instead of replying, Spiera smiled. Yu IlHan also smiled. Then, he activated the Warp skill in order to move to Dareu again.

As he had the record of warping to Dareu once before, and as Echjar had died, the number of magic stones he required this time were a few 3rd and 4th class magic stones. After a brief wait, the three immediately returned to Dareu, where the Heaven’s Army camp was located, and also where there was war going on between them and the Destruction Demon Army.

[I cannot feel the presence of Echjar anywhere in this world…… Just what happened to Spiera!?]

[What happened to Yu IlHan, and Liera!?]

[How can they so perfectly conceal themselves from the world? Did Yu IlHan take them with the method he used to come over…… no, even if that were the case, he should not have been able to bring Echjar into his magic!]

At that time, all angels in the scene were in panic.

[We need to report to the higher ups…… a Battalion Commander had moved!]

[But that very same Battalion commander disappeared!]

[But shouldn’t we report anyway? Perhaps the scale of this war will become bigger than we think!]

They were surprised when Teraka ambushed them with the army of dragons, and a second time when Spiera killed Teraka with a surprise attack and Yu IlHan wiped the floor with the dragons, and a third time when Echjar had appeared, but since Yu IlHan took all of them and disappeared, even angels, as higher existences, were becoming confused.

Until the moment Yu IlHan’s group came back, their chaos did not calm down at all, but the battle between Echjar and Yu IlHan with their lives on the line wasn’t that long.

[We’ve returned.]

[Wh…… Spiera?]

[……Spiera!?]

When Spiera herself showed up in the scene, the angels looked at her while blinking their eyes continuously as if they were poured cold water on their faces. Why, and how? Countless question marks from their gazes struck Spiera’s face.

Spiera shrugged her shoulders and opened her mouth.

[Although it’s difficult to explain…… Echjar has died.]

[Did you kill it, Spiera!?]

[It was not me. Explaining things would be long, but the result is that Yu IlHan by my side has killed……]

However, when Spiera turned her head around to the side, she noticed that Yu IlHan and Liera were no longer there. They immediately disappeared to where the others of their group were using the ancient elven magic formation!

[Oh, they’re gone.]

[Spiera, where is Yu IlHan?]

[Can you tell me where you were? We require an explanation.]

[……Dammit.]

The angels were still looking at her with confused eyes. Realizing that explaining was her share of work, Spiera swore, but there was no way Yu IlHan would return just because of that.

The alliance of Heaven’s Army and Yu IlHan, could finish the first battle with relatively small casualties. It was also a very thankful battle for Yu IlHan as he could acquire both a 7th and a 6th class dragon corpse, and thousands of 4th class magic stones.

Yu IlHan and Liera dumped Spiera amidst the angels and immediately teleported to the others. The ‘safest’ place that he had sent the two fortresses and the members inside was none other than the frontier camp of the Destruction Demon Army. No, to be exact, the ‘former’ frontier camp.

“I’m back.”

He showed himself in the air for everyone inside the two fortresses to see and told them of his return as if nothing had happened.

“Mr. IlHaaan!”

Of course, that did not work. Na YuNa, who always wished for his safe return jumped into the air faster than anyone and into Yu IlHan. The speed was akin to a lion jumping onto its prey.

“Eih!”

“No you don’t!”

The moment Na YuNa was about to hug Yu IlHan, Liera, who was by his side, immediately rushed forward in attempt to strike her back. However, Na YuNa was already prepared for that, and cast Leytna’s protection magic on herself!

“Yap, Ugh!?”

“Sorry, I have an owner already.”

“Whoaa!”

While Liera had struck the shield around Na YuNa instead of the person, Na YuNa herself was deflected by Aegis that Yu IlHan had called out. Yu IlHan’s guard was meticulous as always.

“eeek!”

However, at that moment, shining light came out of her body. The light was so intense that it could temporarily block Yu IlHan and Liera’s vision! Na YuNa’s shouts could be heard in the middle.

“Lady Leytnaaa!”

“eeek!”

“Do you really have to go that far!?”

Just what were these women fighting for!? With such a question, Yu IlHan opened his eyes amidst the light. Na YuNa was already up against his chest.

“Ehehe, I wanted to see you so muuuch.”

“It was just a few minutes though……”

Yu IlHan looked at Na YuNa, who was rubbing her face against his chest like a puppy and laughed awkwardly.

“You weren’t worried about me at all, right?”

“I know that you aren’t one to die so easily~. Of course, I did worry because you might get hurt!”

“I’m fine so don’t worry. You’d be flabbergasted if you hear how I fought…… where do you think you’re touching?”

“Kyak.”

Na YuNa touched all over his body to look for any injuries, but a superficial wound like that would have long since been regenerated by Transcendent regeneration. He picked her up as she was about to touch ‘somewhere’, and gave her to Liera. A horrifying punishment immediately befell Na YuNa.

“Kyaaa! Mr. IlHan you idiooot!”

“Your Majesty, I am glad to see you are safe!”

“We were waiting for master’s return.”

Leaving Na YuNa behind him, Mirfa and Ericia greeted him. It was as if looking at puppies waiting for their owner’s return. Yu IlHan, who became a little proud, stroked their heads alternately, but as he had expected, they rejoiced, also like puppies.

“Is that frightening dragon really dead?”

“Yeah, I killed it for sure. Although it was not a fair fight, at least you wouldn’t meet that guy alive again. The Destruction Demon Army also shouldn’t have any more wits to participate in this war anymore.”

Of course, he couldn’t deny the possibility that some kinda monster popped up saying “The 13th has died, so now I, the 12th shall step in!” or whatnot, but Yu IlHan also thought that the balance between the four factions wasn’t so easily broken like that.

Even if new members of the Destruction Demon Army came, they would just be scouts that just watches how the battle turns out. Of course, they would also die by Yu IlHan’s hands.

“Rather than that.”

Yu IlHan turned his mind to his nearly full inventory and spoke to Mirfa.

“A few of the elves learned smithing, right?”

“Yes, there are some who have polished the knowledge Your Majesty has bestowed upon us and has reached quite a high realm of ability.”

“Very good, call them all here.”

Yu IlHan gathered around ten elven blacksmiths and took out a gigantic corpse in front of them – a 4th class dragon’s remains.

“D, dragon.”

“The pressure is amazing even after it’s dead. I can’t believe we hunted such things.”

“But His Majesty has killed one that’s over a 100 times as big as this.”

“Don’t tell me he will show us the art of making weapons out of a dragon

Although it was just 50 times instead of 100, Yu IlHan did not bother correcting them. Instead, he told them one other fact.

“You guys will be the ones handling this dragon, not me.”

“Us……sir?”

“It, it’s impossible! We know better than anyone that our abilities are lacking!”

Dragons were the best materials for blacksmithing, but the level of the smith was just as important.

Would Yu IlHan be the only one who had acquired remains of dragons, and even higher existences? If good materials always resulted in good artifacts, then artifacts at the rank of epic or chaos should be overflowing in this world.

Yu IlHan also knew that very well. In fact, it was precisely why he took out a dragon’s corpse.

“I won’t expect much, you can just waste them all. But if you train your blacksmithing against a dragon, the things you learn will be quite big as well.”

“But, Your Majesty……..”

“It’s fine.”

Yu IlHan made a peaceful smile and spoke to them.

“I still have around 3,298 dragon corpses remaining.”



Chapter 248

While the elven blacksmiths busied themselves with dismantling the dragons on the spot, Yu IlHan made most of the elves and the wolfkin to go inside to rest, while leaving a few to be on guard, then he went looking for Yumir.

He was in his room in the Flying fortress, and when Yu IlHan opened the door, Mir slowly walked towards him and hugged Yu IlHan. He looked like a 15 year-old, but his actions were natural even if you take 10 years away.

“Dad.”

“Yes.”

“Did you kill him?”

“Yes.”

“That’s good.”

“Yes.”

The child dragon in Yu IlHan’s arms thought about something after hearing the natural reply and asked him.

“How did you kill him?”

“I aimed for the moment he used a large-scale magic that had me in the range and moved to Earth with him. As he had broken the rules of the Destruction Demon Army, he fell to a lower existence, his mana leaked out, and from there, it wasn’t that difficult to win against him.”

“Hing, I can’t do that. I won’t be able to win.”

Yumir, who understood everything with Yu IlHan’s simple explanation, bit his lips and grumbled. Yu IlHan smiled by at the sight of his son struggling, and patted his back.

“Well, of course now. Even I wouldn’t be able to win if not for such a cheat.”

“But in the end, dad won and the dragon died. Then dad is stronger…… but I’m too weak.”

The standard of strength for a dragon was cold-blooded and frightening. However, the words he added made Yu IlHan smile.

“Mir still has a lot of time. You can become plenty stronger in the future.”

“Like that dragon?”

“Hm……. You’ll need a lot of time, but yes. Definitely.”

“But if I don’t become stronger right now, I’ll only be a burden to dad.”

“I don’t fight against such guys all the time. And you are already of plenty help to me right now.”

“I want to fight with dad though…… Hing, but that dragon is still impossible.”

It seemed that Yumir had taken quite a shock after looking at Echjar. In addition, Yu IlHan also thought that Echjar’s appearance had not been a good influence on Yumir.

As he had grown shockingly fast until now, it would be fine if he had confidence in his strength now, but such an absurd monster had appeared and snapped his confidence in half! Moreover, it was a dragon species as well! Now, it wouldn’t be strange if he thought his powers were nothing in the face of overwhelming might, and lose his will to progress.

Yu IlHan thought about what he could do to cheer him up again, and remembered the reason he looked for Yumir in the first place.

“Dad has brought a lot of dragon mean. You’ll become stronger faster if you eat them. I’ll give you Teraka and Echjar’s meat as well.”

“Uuu, I’m always receiving things from dad.”

Oh, it seemed like he had completely fallen into self-denial mode. Yu IlHan thought that there was still time to puberty since he was still young despite being big, but perhaps that wasn’t it?

As Yu IlHan had no experience rearing a child, he could not judge how to console the current Yumir.

“Uh, eeei.”

However, just as the daddy Yu IlHan was looking for a way out, Yumir cheered himself up. Perhaps due to not being with Yu IlHan since young, he had grown up to be a confident child.

“That’s why I’ll find something that I can do for dad.”

“You’re already giving me so much!”

Yu IlHan voiced sorrily to Mir. However, Yumir shook his head and spoke as if he had already decided.

“I’ll give you a daughter-in-law!”

“No, I don’t need one. You’re still too young for marriage…… but who said that to you?”

Mir asked back in shock when Yu IlHan said that he didn’t need a daughter-in-law.

“Then just what can I give you?”

“You can just become stronger. With dad. You have to eat meat and train as well.”

“Yeah.”

Hearing ‘stronger’, he looked more cheered up than before.

“I’ll become strong.”

“Yes.”

“I’m going to eat a lot and become a lot stronger.”

“Yes, yes.”

“I’m going to become stronger than that dragon.”

“You will.”

Good, he had climbed over the big hill. Yu IlHan stroked Yumir’s head as he grew relieved. Perhaps because his mind was sorted out, Yumir stroked his own stomach and muttered.

“Dad, I’m hungry.”

“Yes, there should be no battle for a while, so let’s eat up first.”

“Yeah!”

It wasn’t just Yumir, Today, he would host a banquet to celebrate the day he acquired a 6th and a 7th class dragon corpse……I mean, to celebrate the first victory of the alliance.

“Good, let’s call them all here.”

“What about the guys dismantling dragons over there?”

“They’ll eat their own dismantled meat.”

Yu IlHan, who became busy because he now had to cook all the cooking ingredients that had piled up in his inventory, walked to the kitchen inside the mansion. Yumir also wiped away the last bit of tears on his eyes and followed his back.

The news about the obliteration of the Destruction Demon Army invasion party, and the death of Echjar, the 13th Battalion Commander that came for revenge, rapidly spread to each of the factions.

Everyone in Dareu had felt his descent, and he did not come back after disappearing, so only an idiot would not notice his death.

[The 13th Battalion Commander…….? That dragon died? And in Dareu, a colony of dragons?]

[I’m not sure about 6th classes, but it has been thousands of years since the last 7th class being died.]

[Will there be a large-scale war again? To think such a battle would occur not on the Wall of Chaos, or Earth, but Dareu instead……]

The death of a Battalion Commander was definitely not light. There may be a shift in balance that could possibly bring about further chaos, so not only the Destruction Demon Army, and the other factions didn’t really welcome this matter either.

And the most important piece of news in this matter was not the dead Echjar, but the identity of the one that killed him.

[So?]

[Who did it? Which faction do they belong to?]

[That’s.]

[Definitely from Heaven’s Army. But I don’t know who it is.]

The ones that survived the battle after the Destruction Demon Army were obliterated were only angels. Other than the Heaven’s Army, it was difficult for the other factions to find proper information. As such, they could only judge with what little clues they had.

[The last he was seen was him attacking the Heaven’s Army. Echjar, who was enraged at the death of his successor, went to Dareu, but died just like that…… I do not understand what kind of method was used.]

[It was confirmed that he had teleported through dimensions. A sudden, forceful teleportation that pulls every bit of the surroundings…… this is impossible with just magic alone. There was a skill involved here.]

[The 6th class high angel there was definitely called…… Spiera? She was an angel that was predicted to reach 7th class within the next thousand years. However, it should have been impossible for her……]

[I cannot understand what is happening.]

They stopped their thoughts there. They only put up their guard against the Heaven’s Army and forceful dimensional teleportation. As Yu IlHan had expected, the attention and wariness towards him was targeted towards the Heaven’s Army instead.

However, the Destruction Demon Army was different. Although all forms of communication was severed from the moment Echjar was dragged off to Earth, the one they clashed against the most was Yu IlHan, and they had collected a lot of amount of information about him.

[Yu IlHan, it’s definitely that human. Everyone felt that Echjar had lost his qualifications as a Destruction Demon Army member, right? He made that happen.]

So, it wasn’t that difficult for them to find out who and how Echjar was killed.

[That human? The one that Teraka set his eyes on?]

[Teraka was killed by Spiera. That courageous and beautiful angel!]

[Spiera, she’s a woman I want to trample on one day. She’s as stiff as she is lovely.]

[Everyone shut up, we are talking about Yu IlHan right now.]

Inside a temple so huge that hundreds of pillars exceeding 300m tall had to support the roof, several monsters were giggling unpleasantly around a round table that had a fountain of boiling blood in the middle. Any one of these monsters could destroy several worlds.

[Yu IlHan?]

[I haven’t heard of that name before.]

[He’s a lower existence.]

[A lower existence? I was called here because of a lower existence? Oooh, very surprising.]

Not many worlds could host all of these frightening monsters.

The name of this world, where everything was gigantic and overwhelming, was Elo Katra. It was a higher world located beyond the Wall of Chaos, where the war between the Heaven’s Army and the Destruction Demon Army happened the most frequently, and was also the main headquarters of these predators.

The ‘mankind’ of this world became extinct long ago as a thick fog containing curse and heat, one that made breathing impossible for any beings lower than 4th class, had covered this world. The weather changed according to the ruler’s whims, and so, even the most rigid of plants could not grow and withered easily.

And so, those that were able to endure living in this world were all strong and vicious. The Destruction Demon Army was just the most vicious of the bunch.

And the ones here were those that were not lacking in any way to be among the best of the best. The conference of the Battalion Commanders of the Destruction Demon Army. This was the identity of the frightening meeting. Although not all Battalion commanders had come, this number was still very splendid!

[Is it important that he is a lower existence? Isn’t it more important that he killed Echjar!]

From the mouth of the 8th Battalion Commander of the Destruction Demon Army, Zenusva, a breath like magma flowed out. It was a giant bird that was made of pure mana fire.

[A strong pillar of the Destruction Demon Army had disappeared! Are you going to just laugh over his death!]

[Echjar’s mana was vicious alright.]

[His curse was even more vicious. But, didn’t you say he fell to a lower existence? Isn’t it possible for him to die then? Is it something to be so surprised about?]

[What IS surprising, is that a mere lower existence has the power to lower a 7th class Battalion Commander to the same level.]

[That’s definitely something we can’t overlook.]

The 10th Battalion Commander, Melohinne, nodded her head. It was one of the rare female commanders, and excluding her frozen white skin and a 20m tall stature, she was a very beautiful lady even by human standards.

She continued speaking in agreement to Zenusva.

[Then we can just make him join the Destruction Demon Army.]

[Oh, that’s good!]

[What!?]

Zenusva shouted in surprise. However, the majority of the Battalion Commanders in this conference liked her suggestion very much.

[The one that killed a Battalion Commander!?]

[That’s precisely why we need to bring him in. Whether it’s petty tricks or whatnot, it’s the undeniable truth that he killed Echjar, no? I can’t wait to see how he grows up in the future. Oh, and I’m also curious about how he looks. Very, very much.]

[Yes, I’m also curious about what his face looks like.]

[But Melohinne, no ordinary size should satisfy you.]

[Fufu, shut up.]

[The one that massacred the Destruction Demon Army so much, as a member…… no.]

Zenusva, who was listening to the opinions of other Battalion Commanders, sighed a little, but still shook its bird head and muttered.

[Is that so? Yes, this was our way of doing things. It seems that my brain has rotten from the long years of peace.]

[I did hear that the Heaven’s Army has their eyes on him.]

[We can just tell him what happened with Earth. Then, he will never be able to choose the Heaven’s Army. Well, then. Let’s hurry while he’s still in Dareu. We still can’t go to Earth yet after all.]

[Earth? Heaven’s Army? Someone explain.]

A charming woman with three pairs of bat wings behind her back, the 3rd Battalion Commander, Helièna, asked and Zenusva palmed its face with a sigh, when the Battalion Commanders that did not know the specifics all closed their eyes. Just with that, the thoughts in Zenusva’s head was transferred to them.

[Oh my, quite the interesting man indeed.]

Hearing everything, even Helièna started to take interest in Yu IlHan. Melohinne, who half expected things to come to this, roared at her.

[He’s mine.]

[Well, wouldn’t he like me more?]

[It doesn’t matter who takes him. What’s important is the matter about how to bring him to the army.]

[Yes. That’s my field of specialty indeed.]

Helièna stuck out her red tongue and licked her upper lips and glistened her eyes charmingly.

[No man can reject me. He might have killed a dragon, but he shouldn’t be able to win against the power of the Succubus Queen.]

Yu IlHan was a guy that could reject the full on advances of a 6th class angel blessed by the god of love, and the woman who was blessed by the goddess of beauty, but Helièna was overconfident in her ability and ignored that vital piece of information.

That day, another Battalion Commander headed to Dareu once again.

The war for Dareu had just increased in scale by an entire order of magnitude.



Chapter 249

“Hmm.”

In the plains where the frontier camp of the Destruction Demon Army was once situated, Yu IlHan, together with his subordinates and the Dragon’s Army were having a banquet, when Liera, who was eating wolfkin meat by Yu IlHan’s side, suddenly shivered.

“What is it, Liera? Do you…….”

“I’m going to slap you if you ask me if I want to go to the toilet.”

“….f, feel cold?”

Yu IlHan switched topics while thinking that she definitely had some sort of mind reading skill. Liera grabbed onto one of his hands tightly, perhaps to just skip over his lie, or rather, because something much more grave was about to happen.

“A new woman appeared that’s aiming for you. I’m sure about this.”

“……Oh, okay.”

Yu IlHan wanted to shake Liera’s hands off, but she didn’t allow that to happen.

“The power of the god of love is speaking to me. I’m absolutely convinced.”

“Yes, I believe you. So let go of my hand and eat some more meat.”

Of course, he lied. Although he had barely realized that he did have some kind of charm to receive love from two women, he was almost fed up with Liera being overly wary against other women.

However, his thoughts vaporized when Liera opened her mouth again.

“Helièna. 7th class. Succubus. Level 519. 33,985 years old. 3rd Battalion Commander of the Destruction Demon Army. Her main skills are……”

“……What?”

“Charm magic and she possesses these titles……”

Liera muttered for ages like that and when she finally finished she glared at Yu IlHan while panting.

“Did you remember everything?”

“…… Well, yeah, I did, but how do you know so many details about that frightening woman?”

“With the power of the god of love! I found out that such a woman is aiming for you!”

By this point, Yu IlHan couldn’t ignore Liera’s words so easily. To think she had the ability to find out all the information on the beings of opposite gender that were aiming for him… The power of the god of love was amazing! But why didn’t it activate against those of the same gender?

Liera immediately resolved Yu IlHan’s question.

“The mechanisms behind this makes it such that I can’t find out about those that aim for you physically.”

“So it’s an ability that seems helpful while it’s really not that helpful at all.”

The problem lay in the fact that despite the considerable amount of time that had passed since she received the blessing, it was only now that Yu IlHan came to know of that ability. Of course, it did help substantially since the one trying to seduce him was a strong enemy of 7th class!

“Anyway, we’ve got to retreat. Another 7th class? And a succubus specializing in seduction at that!? This is no time for a banquet. Let’s go back to Earth!”

“No.”

Yu IlHan slowly shook his head.

“We can’t just leave while dumping Erta here. Also, the magic formation will set off an alarm when that woman appears so we don’t have to be in such a hurry, this woman aiming for me and that woman actually finding me are different matters altogether……. And perhaps.”

“Perhaps?”

Yu IlHan stood up from his seat and took a few steps backwards before touching the ground. The part where his hand was in contact with glowed blue. Naturally, this area was within the magic formation.

“Let’s see, you said it was Helièna, right……”

“……What are you trying to do?”

“Although it will be difficult to prepare against a completely unknown enemy, if we have that amount of information, we can do something with the magic formation even if it is a 7th class being.”

Of course, killing one was a different matter altogether…… such a though flashed through his mind.

Perhaps true chaos would ensue if he managed to manipulate the current Heaven’s Army, and the Garden of Sunset that had relations with Erta?

“Very good. Liera. It’s wonderful that we got to know of that woman beforehand. You’re the best.”

“Wow, you’re making a really evil smirk…… so cool.”

Besides Liera, who thought that Yu IlHan was cool no matter what he did, Na YuNa showed up. On one hand, she had a massive piece of bone with meat attached to it, and on the other, she had a glass of the fruit wine that Yu IlHan had brewed himself, with crusts of cookies around her lips.

“So there’s a woman who dares to seduce our Mr. IlHan?”

“I meant you!”

“Unni, I’m only trying to support him from the side!…… if possible, forever, and if also possible, right by his side?”

“You’re the most dangerous, YOU ARE!”

Ignoring the two women that started to quarrel, Yu IlHan entered the information into the magic formation.

Right now, he was saying this easily in order to make the others rest easy, but whatever he did, a 7th class was a frightening enemy. Any amount of preparation was likely to be insufficient.

Although he had won against Echjar due to circumstances and luck, this was vastly different. She was an enemy that differed from the others he had faced before, whether it was her abilities or her race! Moreover, if she was in the Destruction Demon Army, she should have information about Yu IlHan’s dimensional teleportation ability. It would be near impossible to use the trick he used against Echjar once again.

The worst part about the Demon Destruction Army was that reasoning did not work against them. They just did whatever they wanted!

‘But if there’s something fortunate, it’s that this is a relatively easy enemy…….’

Through acquiring Echjar’s records, he could know the specific stats that he had. And he was about fall into despair thinking all 7th class beings had such high stats but…… from what Liera told him about her, the 7th class succubus called Helièna was very much lacking in stats compared to Echjar. In fact, she was similar to what Liera had been was when she was 6th class.

Perhaps the race of dragons is special, or the race of succubi is lacking, he didn’t know, but according to Liera’s information, it seemed doable.

‘Of course, it does pain me that she is overwhelming in regards to psychological magic, I can’t block charms completely with just Higher curse resistance. I was done in by Echjar due to the gap in leagues even though I had mastered Higher curse resistance and acquired immunity to curses as the characteristics of the Hell Bringer class… and 7th class charm should be no different from that, if not worse.’

She had mastered an unspeakably high realm of charm. Who knows how many times she evolved that skill. In any case, a 7th class was a 7th class. Even if she was lacking regards to personal might, she would be able to compensate for it with magic.

Once was enough for him to get beaten up while having faith in his skills. Yu IlHan gritted his teeth and stood up.

“I’ve done entering the information. Fortunately, she hasn’t come to Dareu yet.”

“Hm? But there’s still something to do?”

“Of course, there’s something I have to finish as soon as possible.”

It was very fortunate that he got to found out about the enemy beforehand. Thanks to that, he could prepare for it like this.

Yu IlHan sighed lightly and dusted of his knees and retreated far back enough in order to not bother the ones enjoying the banquet. Na YuNa and Liera also followed him.

“I wanted to save it up and give it to myself as a birthday present, but since things came to this, I can’t help it.”

“A present for yourself…… your thought process is really like a loner. I’ll give you a splendid present for your birthday this year! ……But what can’t you help?”

“Oh, I think I get it……”

Na YuNa tilted her head and Liera sweated cold sweat. Amidst of that, Yu IlHan checked the surroundings to see if there was enough space and opened his inventory in midair.

The body of a gigantic black dragon showed itself from the inside.

“Wao!”

“It’s still absurd even when I see it now. Just how did we kill this guy……?”

While Na YuNa and Liera retreated while sweating cold sweat, Yu IlHan rubbed his cheeks on the head of the dragon’s corpse that barely retained its 7th class power.

“Thanks for retaining your power!”

“That’s the worst appreciation speech I’ve seen in my life.”

Since a gigantic dragon corpse appeared, there was no way his subordinates would not notice that. However, Yu IlHan just shook his hand, saying it was no big deal, and called out the Cradle of Miracles prior to dismantling it.

“Why did you take that out? Are you going to bathe here or something?”

“I can’t just throw away the blood of a 7th class dragon. This thing will collect all the blood and make it more concentrated.”

“From when was such a hypertech attached to it!?”

“Here.”

Yu IlHan let Liera check the information on the Cradle of Miracles. She hesitated before extending her hand slowly and touching the Cradle of Miracles. A series of magnificent text appeared on her eyes!

[Cradle of Miracles]

[Rank – God]

[Durability – indestructible]

[Options –

1. Purifies and concentrates all materials containing mana.

2. Amplifies the power of the first option by 2 times against dragonkin materials.

3. Stimulates a positive mutation of all materials, but the direction cannot be willed.

4. Amplifies the power of the third option by 2 times against dragonkin materials.

5. Stimulates the evolution of all lifeforms that enter the cradle.

6. Amplifies the power of the fifth option by 3 times against all dragonkin.

7. Can enhance the abilities by consuming dragonkin materials.]

“What, is, this……?”

Liera muttered dumbfoundedly, and Yu IlHan, answered in a bright voice.

“It’s our shared bath.”

“That’s one luxurious bath you have right there….”

At the same time, it was also a key that showed the path he, Yumir and the others would have to walk on in the future. However, it was quite strange that the key was not that related to his innate talents or the thousand years he had lived, but from an unintended crafting process.

Thinking back, this was the biggest miracle Yu IlHan may have encountered. In that sense, the name of this artifact was very suitable. And in the birth of this miracle, Erta’s influence was absolute. Although she shouldn’t have intended for this…… he was only thankful to her for that – that was what he thought.

“Shared? Kyaa, so embarrassing, but if it’s with you, I’m always wil…….”

“I never said we’ll go in together.”

Yu IlHan severed Na Yuna’s delusions and ignored Liera who was dumbfoundedly looking at the Cradle of Miracles and proceeded to start work.

By 7th class, even the best of his dismantling knives wouldn’t work, so he had to use the Eight-tailed dragon spear to dismantle it.

[Master, I think it’s a little late to say this now, but.]

Orochi suddenly spoke to Ilhan just as he enchanted Orochi to the Eight-tailed dragon spear, as even Superhuman strength was not enough.

“What is it?”

[Can’t you just erase that thought-soul?]

[Kuoooh! YOU! DARE DO THAT TO MY BODYYYYYYYY!]

Of course, Yu IlHan had successfully activated the Death Collector skill and acquired the thought-soul of Echjar. Although he had thrown it somewhere deep since he didn’t dare to touch him yet, it seemed that the effect he had on Orochi as the same thought-soul, was quite big. Yu IlHan replied with a bitter smile.

“But that’s such a waste, though.”

[I’ll say this now, but I have no confidence in winning against that guy.]

“It’s fine. I’ll do something about it soon.”

[You think it will be over with just this? I’ll EAT YOU ALL!]

If it was the immature Yu IlHan of before, he might have become scared because of that, but it wasn’t like that now. Being interfered by a mere thought-soul was enough with Reta Kar’iha alone.

Yu IlHan had already mastered various skills related to souls, and had learned the advanced version, Falling Down. A mere fragment of Echjar’s soul could not harm Yu IlHan. No matter how much he shouted, the body was dead after all!

“Just you wait. In the future you’ll definitely be useful.”

[Yu, YU ILHAN!]

He ignored Echjar’s shouts and boldly picked up his Eight-tailed dragon spear and struck it right in the center of the head.

This was the beginning of a dismantling that would never happen in this world again (or in all the other worlds… for that matter).



Chapter 250

The finishing event of the banquet was the dismantling show of a 7th class dragon. While everyone was overwhelmed by the sight of Echjar’s remains, Yu IlHan agilely hopped from the head to the tail while stripping the skin perfectly and separated the bones.

Although Echjar had lost a lot of blood while falling down to a lower existence and cursing Yu IlHan, there was still a considerable amount of blood left, and not a single drop was wasted as everything was sucked into the Cradle of Miracles.

The Cradle received all the blood and alternated between rising and falling. Liera realized this was the ‘concentration’ process that Yu IlHan had mentioned before.

“IlHan, that looks really abnormal…… doesn’t it become more dangerous by becoming distilled?”

“It’s fine, I’m not giving them to the others.”

“So it’s dangerous after all!”

Yu IlHan didn’t deny that, it didn’t have the word ‘miracle’ in its name for nothing. The moment the Cradle of Miracles received Echjar’s blood, it was returning the blood to the original state at a frightening speed. Meaning, the form it had prior to Echjar’s falling. There was literally no way it was not dangerous.

“So it really is the Cradle of Miracles.”

“Perhaps it will go further than that. Though, there should be a limit…….”

Yu IlHan thought – if he just left it there, perhaps he may be able to make a splendid ‘Breath’.

“It will become the greatest mana potion of all time.”

“Just a mana potion?”

“Of course not.”

Dragon’s blood was at the apex of all blood of magical lifeforms. Mana recovery wasn’t the only result. The Breath that Yu IlHan had drunk all this time had etched themselves into Yu IlHan’s records.

Although the incident that awakened the power of dragons was the contract with Yumir, Breath did indeed play a pivotal role in the development of the power..

“So it might be possible for you guys as well. Let’s start from a relatively weak 4th class dragon. Drinking wine and bathing, isn’t it all good?”

“That sounds really ominous…… well, it should be fine if it’s with you, I guess.”

Echjar’s blood was only a minute portion of the remains. His skin, bones, and muscles were all of the highest quality. The most important aspect was the sheer quantity of them due to the size! There would be enough to equip an entire army and still have some left over.

“But they all have their equipment.”

“Please don’t tell me you’ll make a third levitating fortress.”

“I also think I won’t need it for the time being.”

Although there was an infinite amount of things he wanted to make with this dragon body, there was no time for that right now. In the end, the cleanly dismantled corpse went inside Yu IlHan’s inventory again. He only left out a portion of them – his two eyes, heart, and the hardest chunk of scale at the chest.

However, Liera looked at the heart that Yu IlHan was holding with his two hands and asked while tilting her head.

“IlHan, isn’t that a DRAGON HEART?”

“Oh what? Yeah, this is the heart. You saw me extract it.”

“No, not just any heart.”

Liera’s two eyes glistened like the milky way galaxy.

“A DRAGON HEART.”

“……what?”

Yu IlHan immediately put down the heart and checked. At the moment of extraction, the heart was like any ordinary dragon’s heart, squishy and massive, but now that it became separated from the rest of the body, it was reducing in size while the hardness and the brightness was increasing. Of course, the mana inside was transforming as well!

“Whoa.”

Yu IlHan exclaimed with a single syllable and proceeded to touch it. It was indeed a DRAGON HEART. The exact same one that was infinitely more precious than a magic stone! This was a 7th class DRAGON HEART, so its worth would definitely be several orders of magnitude higher than a 7th class magic stone.

“Wh, whwhwhwhwhwhwhat do I do with it.”

“ccc…ccalm down, IlHan.”

Even though she was the one who said it, Liera, who noticed the value of it afterwards, also panicked. First, Yu IlHan hurriedly stored it inside his inventory. Even if Lupin appeared here, he wouldn’t be able to steal Yu IlHan’s DRAGON HEART. Yu IlHan finally heaved a sigh of relief and muttered.

“I did need a source of power for the final stage of my armor that I was designing……”

An item that could fit that role, and was stronger than he had expected, had so suddenly appeared. He didn’t even have the confidence to mana craft with this properly! Perhaps mastering the skill will allow him to?

However, while Yu IlHan and Liera were at a loss what to do, the magic formation beneath their feet glowed lightly. Yu IlHan’s expression stiffened as if someone had poured cold water over his face.

“That woman’s coming.”

“What do you mean by coming?”

“The magic formation is restraining her from entering. It won’t last long. It looks like I need to hurry.”

Although he was slightly excited about the unprecedented treasure of a 7th class DRAGON HEART, this was no time to be like that. He had to make the necessary equipment as soon as possible, in order to commence the operation.

Yu IlHan finished up the banquet that was almost broken up anyway, and made the people board the two respective fortresses. He hesitated a little before declaring.

“Everyone wait on Earth for around 2 hours. When I bring you back to Dareu, it will be the final battle.”

Although he was a little sorry for them as they were all prepared for battle, there was no turn for them this time either. This was due to Yu IlHan’s lack of foresight, thinking that there would be no 7th class participants. He thought that there was no reason that they couldn’t participate since the horror of Echjar had disappeared as well.

“Why do we need to wait 2 hours?”

“Dad, are you going to do something dangerous again?”

Yumir’s eyes glistened again. However, Yu IlHan made a bitter smile and shook his head.

“It’s nothing like that. It’s just……. some affair between a man and a woman.”

“You idiot!”

He said something so stupid trying to say it in a roundabout way! And to a little kid too! However, Liera was frustrated that she couldn’t deny that. What’s more was that Erta also had feelings for Yu IlHan. Of course, the person in question did not know that.

“This will become a really big battle. Everyone prepare and resolve yourselves.”

“Understood!”

He gave a glance to Paté, Mirey, Jirl, Ericia and his other subordinates and nodded his head and moved to Earth, and the next moment, he returned to Dareu alone…… or he tried to, when his sleeve was grabbed.

“Let me go with you.”

“You need a buff, don’t you?”

“I want to go too, dad!”

With a sigh, he looked back at them. They were Liera, Na YuNa, and Yumir.

“Are you confident in your resistance to charm?”

“I’ve received the blessing of the god of love. Meaning, I won’t be affected by any charm while I still love you.”

“For me, it’s the blessing of the goddess of beauty. There’s no one prettier than me so don’t worry.”

“Dad, I’m immune to all status ailments.”

He thought that Liera and Na YuNa may possibly resist the charm, but he blinked his eyes after hearing Yumir’s reply.

“Mir, what did you say?”

“I’m immune to all status ailments, dad! It was around 70% when I was born, but after I became 4th class, I got a title saying I’m immune!”

…… Thinking back, he was born with the title ‘Birth of Chaos’. The OP title that gave him 70% resistance to all status ailments. He remembered that he gritted his teeth while thinking about the difference in status at birth, but to think that was a foreshadow for this moment… this was a mistake on the part of the foreshadow meister Yu IlHan.

However, Yu IlHan knew very well that immunity didn’t mean invincibility.

“But for 7th class being, they can break your immunity. It will be difficult.”

“I still have other titles and have around 250% resistance in total!”

There was no gap at all for any status ailment. Yu IlHan had to admit his loss here.

“……Okay, I guess I can’t help it. Let’s go together.”

“Fuu, I’ll definitely be of help to dad.”

“I’m going to laugh at her after seeing how pretty she is.”

“Na YuNa, you have a good life.”

As soon as Yu IlHan returned to Dareu with the three of them, he immediately gave a call to Erta. She received the call as if she was waiting for this.

[Yu IlHan, are you alright?]

“Erta, things are progressing a little too fast.”

[Hm, this side is the same in that things are progressing ‘a little too fast’.]

Erta’s words were very carefully said, but Yu IlHan instantly realized what was happening after hearing her words. The Garden of Sunset! He was sure that the they were trying to snatch Erta while the Destruction Demon Army and the Heaven’s Army were fighting it out.

Fortunately, she was looking like she was following the will of the Garden of Sunset, and they would not cause any harm to her, but the problem was what was about to occur from now on. He was sure that the instance of an angel transferring to the Garden of Sunset would be very noisy, and it wasn’t like the Heaven’s Army would not know of that fact.

It would be better if he still had some more time, but not everything went smoothly in life. Yu IlHan immediately took out an anvil and a hammer and checked with her.

“Can you wait 5, no 10 more minutes?”

[10 minutes, that’s plenty.]

Good, he could only try now. Echjar’s two eyes and the hardest scale, and the blood inside the Cradle of Miracles would allow him to do this!

[You, you’re finally touching my body after you split me up to pieces?]

“Shut up.”

After silencing Echjar, he dipped the two eyes and the scale in the blood. The Cradle of Miracles immediately resonated with them, and as he had wished to, they quickly regained their former leagues. However, there was no time for any exclamation right now.

“Let’s do this quickly……!”

The mana crafting materials were two 5th class magic stones. These were the last 5th class magic stones he had.

Yu IlHan teared up a little but still powdered them and applied them on the hammer before hammering the scale. This was a very difficult process of blacksmithing and mana crafting at the same time! Such a difficult technique was being used to speed up the work process.

“2 minutes passed.”

“good.”

What Yu IlHan was making was a helmet. The helmet that would cover for his weakness!

Eternal Flame combined with Blaze licked its tongue and melted Echjar’s scale just as he had wished to. Yu IlHan cooled the scale with the blood and coated it thinly over the surface, and made a draconic-shaped helmet that fit his size. His speed was frighteningly fast.

Although this was actually a process that required more effort, he couldn’t help it right now. Fortunately, the skills he had piled up weren’t for nothing and there were no big flaws. Liera checked the time for him.

“5 minutes.”

“The next is…”

The core materials for the helmet would be the two eyes. The body part that possessed the most magic power and resistance after the heart. This too, would have been refined slowly and with more effort if he had the time, but not now. He’ll just solve it all with mana crafting!

“Hhp!”

Yu IlHan struck down on Echjar’s eyes with the hammer covered in 5th class magic stones and immediately started mana crafting; to make it smaller and harder; to process it into the right direction that Yu IlHan wanted!

[Hell Seeker’s Demon Eye was completed.]

The completed product were two thin panels that were tens of times smaller than the original. At least on the outside, it went as Yu IlHan had intended to. Considering that this had an independent name like the Destruction mirrors of the Hundred Eyes, its functionality should be splendid as well. However, Yu IlHan was unsure of that name.

‘I don’t know if I succeeded or not with such a name.’

“8 minutes.”

“Ugh.”

There was no time for groans either. Yu IlHan placed the two eyes that became the right size for the helmet, onto the frame and struck down with his hammer again. Eternal Flame softly wrapped itself around the helmet.

He was a little unsure about the end product since the work process was rushed, but the next moment, he could rest easy after the helmet and the eyes became one and gave off immense light. That was a light that he could only see when everything went as he wished to.

[Dragoneye of the Avenger was completed.]

[Rank – Chaos]

[Defense – 18,600]

[Durability 1,104,000/1,104,000]

[User restrictions – Magic 800]

[Options –

1. Reflects all status ailments at a 50% rate. However, the probability halves every league difference the enemy is higher than the user.

2. 150% increase in all status ailment resistance.

3. 50% increase in all magic resistance]

The moment the information appeared on his two eyes, he was relieved. At least he had no confidence in making a better helmet than this for quite a while. Meaning, this was a success.”

He liked that the functions he wanted were all attached at a decent rate. The defense was also nothing to scoff at since he had made this from the scale of a 7th class dragon, and with magic resistance increase on top of status ailment resistance increase, it could be said that his resistance to charm magic had increased by 200%! Curse resistance and cures immunity wouldn’t just play around either, so he was really confident now.

Yu IlHan immediately put on the sharp helmet that had two dragon eyes.

“How is it?”

“It’s cool!”

“It’s cool.”

“It’s cool~.”

“You girls will probably say I’m cool even if I dance around naked…”

“But you are really cool!”

Wearing the helmet that imitated a dragon’s head, it went well with the Infernal dragon body that also imitated the scaly body of a dragon. The aesthetics also was not bad with the black shadow around the gauntlet.

“It’s so cool. You’re almost like a demon lord!”

“Oh, it’s that side……?”

Just one, rather than a hero of justice, he was closer to the pivot of evil. Well, it was fine since no one would be able to find Yu IlHan anyway once the battle started.

Yu IlHan pulled down the visor on the helmet to cover his eyes. The part where Echjar’s two eyes were attached to was there……or not! It was a feint and was actually an eye blind. In fact, just wearing the helmet would activate all the options. It was truly a Yu IlHan-like trick.

Anyway, with this, all the preparations he could do were done.

“Well, then. If I still get cursed, you can start calling me the Cursed King.”

“That sounds cool for some reason! If you get seduced by that succubus, I’m going to call you fluffylegs. Oh, ten minutes are up.” 

The moment a new reason he could not be seduced was added, Yu IlHan checked Erta’s status and location and activated the formation.

At that moment, the seal from the magic formation was undone and the succubus entered Dareu, while Erta lost her qualifications as an angel and was put through the process of an arch-magic that made her into a member of the Garden of Sunset, just as the Heaven’s Army realized that Erta was doing something strange, the Army of Brilliant Light realized that the Destruction Demon Army had sent two 7th classes to Dareu.

This was the rise of the curtain to a period of chaos and calamity.



Chapter 251

Generally, becoming a higher existence referred to a lower existence being sharing the records of the higher existence factions and becoming their member. An entity acquires more potential that way, and the faction would also increase its amount of records.

At first, there were no higher existence factions other than Heaven’s Army. However, someone who felt disgusted about how Heaven’s Army handles things decide to leave the Heaven’s Army by piling up new records, and this was the beginning of the Army of Brilliant Light.

By mutating the records that any angel would have, he opened the possibility of creating fallen angels. With his power, he made all angels a potential candidate of fallen angels. He was the first traitor, and the leader of the second higher existence faction. The Army of Brilliant Light rapidly expanded in power and went against the Heaven’s Army.

Meanwhile, the Destruction Demon Army was started by a monster that ate an entire world. Neither the Heaven’s Army that emphasized balance, nor the Army of Brilliant Light, that went against them in attempt to raise a new set of rules, met the expectation of that monster, it wanted to devour all of the balance and rules as well.

The monster that eventually surpassed its limits with its endless desires gathered monsters that were like itself and established a faction, which came to be the Destruction Demon Army. All they wanted was pure destruction. The Heaven’s Army resented them, but the Army of Brilliant Light cooperated with them from time to time. Of course, there was never any heartfelt alliance. What everyone wished for was different.

Lastly, the fourth higher existence faction, the Garden of Sunset, was started by… someone completely shrouded in mystery. Despite the fact that the world he lived in should have been under the jurisdiction of the Heaven’s Army! The Heaven’s Army only found out that he was extremely skilled in concealing himself.

They slowly, but surely, expanded in power, and eventually reached a realm where they were not lacking even when compared to other factions. They always came and went like the wind and did not easily show their full power, but it could be ascertained that their powers were not weak at all. Their members had characteristic and various abilities, and was hard to face against as well.

[Despite that.]

Erta shrugged her shoulders while watching the members of the Garden of Sunset that located themselves around her as while preparing for the ceremony.

Here, the ‘ceremony’ referred to the archmagic that would allow her to go from the Heaven’s Army to the Garden of Sunset, and was a magic that the leader of the Garden of Sunset had developed after researching the mutation of records that the leader of the Army of Brilliant Light had previously made.

[To think I’d go through the ceremony like this.]

[You wish to go to our main headquarters, right? I know what you mean, but unfortunately.]

A higher existence that had the torso of a naked woman, and a lower body that was a snake’s, Lisona, shook her head with a giggle. She was the sole 6th class being here.

[There is no such thing as a headquarters for us Garden of Sunset.]

[I have heard that from before…… you mean that you will tell me if I become a member, right?]

[No? We believe in you already. The headquarters really does not exist.]

[……Sorry?]

Erta, who originally planned to drag for time as Yu IlHan had said before, ended up being absorbed in the conversation.

[Is that even possible?]

[We don’t even know where the leader of the Garden of Sunset resides. I have not seen that person’s face either. I’m pretty sure that goes for all of us here as well.]

[……It’s pretty embarrassing to say, but.]

Erta slightly blushed while asking.

[Then, when I was a lower existence, what did they mean by making me the mistress of the Garden of Sunset?]

[The Chief Gatekeeper of the Garden, in other words, those that are often called ‘Battalion Commanders’ in other factions, sometimes act like they’re the leaders. You were just deceived by one of them.]

It was too absurd that Erta became speechless. Lisona continued.

[After collecting the information from the ones that have claimed to have met the leader, we have made a conclusion. He’s very whimsical, and unpredictable. The reason is simple. The ‘leader’ they have met are all different people.]

[My word, that means…….]

[Correct, that was the orders of the leader. In order to not show himself, he allowed the Chief Gatekeepers to refer to themselves as the leader.]

Erta both thought that it was utter nonsense, at the same time, it was undoubtedly very effective. As a result, the angels including herself did not know anything about the leader of the Garden of Sunset!

[However, one thing is sure, and it is that his powers are very strong, and compared to that, we don’t have many restrictions imposed on us. Erta, didn’t you look for us because you wished for that? Oh, is it not? Did you not mention that you were disgusted about how the Heaven’s Army decided to abandon Earth?]

[I…… yes.]

At that moment Yu IlHan gave her a call. Erta resolved tightly and replied.

[Let us proceed with the ceremony.]

[Good, you’ve chosen well…… everybody to your places.]

Everyone moved to their respective locations. The process of detaching the angel’s wings from Era, and bestowing the records of the Garden of Sunset, began from then.

[Although it might hurt a little, bear it. It will only be for a moment that you fall to a lower existence.]

However, the opportunity Erta had to look out for was that precise moment. She closed her two eyes and focused her senses. The ones watching her giggled. They thought she doing that to bear the pain.

[Good, it’s going smoothly……]

[Prepare to fight against the Heaven’s Army. Of course, they should be tired from the battle with the Destruction Demon Army, though.]

[It would have been good if they were wiped out by that dragon……. Now.]

The white feathery wings from Erta’s back were slowly pulled out. At the same time, milky white blood shot up into the air. The proof that made her an angel, could not endure the records of the new higher existence faction and was being pulled out.

[Now endure for a mom……. What!?]

“Fuu!”

However, immediately after all her powers as an angel were pulled out, that power started to form a barrier around Erta. The magic formation she had engraved on her body beforehand was set to activate the moment her mana as a higher existence and the remains were pulled out!

[Erta, you……!]

“I’ve been inflicted with some contagious disease from a certain loner, you know.”

The records of the Garden of Sunset that were trying to color her body and soul could not pierce through the barrier made by the remains of her angelhood and were deflected back. Erta recovered her vitality from the inside and made a leisurely smile.

“I’m also fed up with factions! Now!”

‘Yes, now!’

Yu IlHan’s spear pierced the head of one of the higher existences that made up the magic formation. As this guy had died with a single strike, his concealment was maintained, and so, Lisona only noticed that Yu IlHan had attacked, but did not know where he was.

[Yu IlHan? It’s Yu IlHan! The former contractor of Erta!]

“I’m also here though? Mir, don’t approach that woman!”

[Okay!]

“Lady Leytnaaa!”

On the other hand, Mir and Liera each attacked different enemies and as such, their concealment was dispelled. Na YuNa was giving buffs on them while being protected by Yu IlHan’s Aegis quite far away from the battle zone.

[Hak!]

[A lower existence!? H, high angel Liera!]

“Not anymore!”

With a surprise attack, three of the members died, and that instantly increased to four, then five. Yu IlHan’s skills were too good to be considered a lower existence, and Lisona tried her best to find his presence, but it was impossible for her to even find his traces. Even though she could see her subordinates dying right in front of her! In the end, her rage directed towards Erta.

[Erta, you! How!? You said you’ll stop being an angel!]

“I definitely did indeed.”

[But why are you scheming with a human!]

“I think you’re misunderstanding something.”

Erta touched the barrier she constructed and made a thick smile.

“I did not help Yu IlHan because I was an angel.”

Even though she had lost her league, the realm of magic she had reached would not be lost. And right now, she was using the remains of what she once was as the material. Right now, Erta had the confidence to not lose against anyone.

“I only want to be with Yu IlHan.”

Yu Ilhan’s group killed all the ones that were involved in the ceremony, and so the magic formation could not proceed with the ceremony and crumbled down. Erta aimed for that time and changed her barrier to a different magic. She had even pulled the mana used in the ceremony and made a new magic!

[Erta……!]

That was an offensive magic that aimed for Lisona alone. The crystals of mana burning in the air drew in the surrounding mana to increase their numbers to hundreds, then thousands and all shot towards her. Lisona was shocked while seeing that.

[You, didn’t you fall to a lower existence just now!?]

“Although it’s quite embarrassing for me to say it, if it’s the path of magic, I do not plan on losing to anyone.”

[Kugh!?]

A lower existence who could not be looked down upon. That magic was a magic that Erta had used all her powers to use, with the mana of a higher existence! Lisona expanded in size and liberated the mana stored inside each and every one of the scales that covered her lower body and made a barrier for self-protection. To block Erta’s magic, she could only bring out her full power.

Even while that happened, the members of the Garden of Sunset were dying to Yu IlHan’s invisible attacks, as well as Yumir and Liera’s visible, but still frightening, attacks. And this, was precisely what Erta aimed for.

[You…… lowly!]

“You have killed the elves for artifacts, haven’t you? I don’t get who’s the lowly one here.”

[I did not do that! I didn’t even know what was happening!]

“Is that so? It looks like the Garden of Sunset respects the independence of each entity, but groups always have a collective responsibility, no?”

Lisona finally understood that Erta had no intentions to join the Garden of Sunset at all. The price she had to pay for that was bone-aching!

[Yes, I shall tell you, what it means to, make an enemy out of a faction!]

However, just as Lisona dispelled her barrier after receiving Erta’s magic and tried to switch to offense, a shadow appeared behind her back.

“Let me share a bit of information with you… that there’s a loner that’s more frightening than any faction!”

Of course, she could not notice that.

[Critical Hit!]

[Kagh!?]

A single strand of spear pierced her abdomen – the part that connected her snake lower body and human upper body – a weak point that could only be exposed. Until now, it was under protection of the scales, but thanks to Erta, who realized that, and had attacked there, the scales were all consumed and Yu IlHan’s attack could break in.

“Whew, I succeeded with the skill, but I still couldn’t kill her…… 6th classes are something alright.”

[Yu, IlHan…….!]

Seeing that his enemy didn’t die with a single strike, Yu IlHan grumbled while pulling out his spear. He could not kill the enemy even with the ‘Spear of Untraceable Trajectory Overlap’ that he had found a grasp on when he killed Echjar, by overlapping all of the strikes into one, and naturally, his concealment was dispelled.

Of course, he was planning to dispel his concealment around this point. If he didn’t, meaning, if he didn’t expose himself, the ‘guest’ couldn’t find him.

“Hhaaap! Shockwave strike!”

[Eiih!]

At the moment Lisona’s movements momentarily stopped due to the shock, Liera and Yumir’s attack broke in as well. Two heavy blows shook Lisona’s body, and all that shock was amplified by Liera’s shockwaves and started to destroy all her internal organs.

[Kugh, Kahak….!]

However, the reason Lisona was shocked was not because of physical reasons alone. Not only Yu IlHan, Liera and Yumir’s attacks were on her as well – she realized what this meant.

[How, can this……?]

In the few minutes where Lisona spent focusing on Erta, all the other members of the Garden of Sunset had died!

This was no time to just be wary against Yu IlHan. The 6-year-old infant dragon, and the woman who gave up her 6th class for love, were plenty monstrous to massacre higher existence by themselves!

However, everything had just begun.

[Ertaaa!]

With Spiera’s shout as the beginning, the entire camp of the Heaven’s Army frontier camp had arrived. They, who would had been wiped out by Echjar, and the other Destruction Demon Army members, had retained the majority of their fighting force!

[Oh my, so you were here. There are a lot of other guests too……. Such a prankster, you wanted to call me here? To think you’d push me around…… I don’t exactly hate that violence.]

The second special guest of today, the 7th class Succubus Queen Helièna. Disregarding the three pairs of wings and a tiny horn on her forehead, she was not that different from a human, and she was quite a beauty too. The charming body and the frilly dress that barely covered her body was very unbalanced-looking.

[Oh my, you’re beyond my expectations. Hmm, I like it. Both of them.]

“That bitch dares to……”

Her outer appearance that scattered strong charm towards Yu IlHan and Yumir from the moment of her appearance was truly bright. Lisona widened her eyes after noticing her with in her half-dead state.

[The second Batallion Commander from the Destruction Demon Army……!?]

[Oh my, I didn’t want to be found out by the others. This is all because of you darling. You will take responsibility, right?]

Helièna winked towards Yu IlHan. However, Yu IlHan tilted his head. It didn’t seem like the options on the helmet had activated, but his heart was as calm as ever.

[My my, this is going to be difficult. Isn’t it too early to bear your fangs, Helièna? Can I take this as you breaking off our alliance, right?]

[Oh my, it’s been a while, Natière, still as pretty as ever, are we?]

[The 8th wing of Brilliant Light Natière!?]

For the third surprise, the Army of Brilliant Light showed up as well. And the one that showed up on top of their heads was a 7th class Battalion Commander who had the same amount of might as Helièna! As they knew that the enemy was Helièna, the Battalion Commander from the Army of Brilliant Light was also a female. The three pairs of black wings were flapping proudly behind her back.

[This war, will……]

And Lisona’s life was severed there, and as if waiting for that moment, another giant fissure appeared in the air!

[Dareu is the land that we have prophesied. Negotiations not possible. Top tier defensive measures activate.]

The one that appeared from the fissure was a gigantic shark covered in thick metallic armor, and was of course, 7th class.

[Chief Gatekeeper of the Garden of Sunset, Kelatuke, shall participate in this fight.]

And now, Battalion Commanders from three factions had ended up in Dareu! Yu IlHan, who vaguely expected this to happen, still collected Lisona’s remains anyway. War was war and remains were still remains!

[……You, isn’t what you just took a gatekeeper of our Garden of Sunset?]

[Fufu, such greediness. As expected, you’re the perfect fit for our Destruction Demon Army.]

He felt the gazes focusing on him and made a small bow.

“Everyone do your business here leisurely. I’ll just take my leave.”

And naturally, they would never let him do that.

Now that four factions and a loner gathered in this place, the war for Dareu started to run to the climax.



Chapter 252

[Darling, you’re so daring! I like your daringness.]

“Thanks, I also like my daringness.”

Yu IlHan lightly smiled at Helièna who expressed her like for him and did what he had to do first. That was to procure Erta!

“There we go.”

“Kyak.”

Like a kingfisher snatching a fish on the surface of the water and snatched Erta with one arm. Erta, who was suddenly snatched while being tense due to the appearance of two 7th class beings, blushed and spoke in a small voice.

“I never thought I’d ever see proactiveness from you.”

“I’m quite thankful, but this is no time for chatter.”

When Yu IlHan showed movements of moving towards Erta, the one who reacted first was none other than Spiera who was leading the Heaven’s Army.

[Yu IlHan! Erta is a traitor who allied with the Garden of Sunset and abandoned the Heaven’s Army!]

“Well, in my eyes, she’s only a lower existence like Liera.”

[That’s, what……!?]

She is really a lower existence! – Spiera fell into panic after seeing Erta as a lower existence without joining the Garden of Sunset despite losing her wings.

However, too many things were happening to for her to judge things slowly. She could have taken her time if it was only Yu IlHan and Erta that were here, but right now, there was the 3rd Battalion Commander of the Destruction Demon Army, the 8th Wing of the Army of Brilliant Light, as well as a Chief Gatekeeper of the Garden of Sunset! This was no time to question Erta.

Moreover, looking at those mighty Battalion Commanders. Even though the Heaven’s Army was superior in number, right now, they were the most inferior of the groups. Right now, the most rational decision she could come to was……

[…… I shall question her sins later. Right now, we need to survive this battle.]

“Later?”

Yu IlHan checked with a smile. Spiera gritted her teeth and shouted.

[I’ll give her the right to avoid responsibility!]

“Erta.”

“We will not be attacked by the Heaven’s Army anymore.”

“Good, let’s join hands then.”

[You don’t dare.]

When Yu IlHan tried to join with the Heaven’s Army camp with Erta, Liera, Yumir, and Na YuNa, the Succubus Queen flapped her wings to block his way. Her violet eyes glistened mysteriously with mana.

[Darling needs to go with me, no?]

[No.]

The moment Yu IlHan replied without a change in expression, Helièna’s glistening eyes lost power and sank. She immediately realized what was happening to her.

[Huh, did darling just deflect my charm? No way!]

“Yes…… way!”

If there was anything that Yu IlHan wanted to try out in Dareu, it was to fight while simultaneously activating the magic formation of Dareu to teleport while fighting. However, in the past, he had no spare magic stones to do that against the dragons, and this time, there were no enemies strong enough for him to use that trick on.

But now, it became the perfect moment to use that trick. Yu IlHan immediately activated the magic formation and teleported to the middle of the ranks of angels.

[Hick!]

[Erta, just what did you do!]

[Yu IlHan!]

“Good, the first button is buttoned well.”

He had made the situation so that four factions were going against each other, and he joined the Heaven’s Army without much trouble as well. So, it could be said that his plans succeeded perfectly. Although the bad thing was that all the aggro was on him, but he had expected this much to happen!

“Spiera, Heaven’s Army won’t bring a Battalion Commander?”

[We cannot call for a Battalion Commander so easily. It is the other factions that are abnormal for bringing so much battle power!]

“So you guys call for one too.”

[……I see that it’s definitely the time to do that.]

[I’m really liking you more and more, what do I do.]

[Give it up, Destruction Demon Army. I’ll eat that man up.]

[Oh, I never expected such an ignorant beast to understand the emotion of love.]

[Helièna, the alliance with the Destruction Demon Army is over. I’m fine with you doing whatever you want, but you’ll have to pay the price immediately!]

[Aaah, I only came here for a date. Why is everyone acting so aggressively?]

Good, just fight like that! And Spiera, you call for your commander quickly! – shouted Yu IlHan inwardly and prepare for battle. He got on top of the dragon form Yumir’s back, and also let Liera, Erta and Na YuNa on.

All of Yu IlHan’s abilities would increase by 45% when he fought on top of a dragon. The first 15% was from the effects of the title ‘Dragon’s Ally’ he acquired when he fought with Lecidna, and the additional 30% was from the Dragon-man resonance.

On top of that, there was another 30% increase with Na YuNa’s blessing, and the title ‘Untouchable’ would also add another 45% due to three leagues of difference. In other words, Yu IlHan’s current battle power was at 220%. Also, there would be an additional 160% increase if he used a fire attribute attack. However, he didn’t quite have the confidence to lower the league of 7th class beings with Falling Down.

“Hmm, I’m not sure about the Succubus Queen, but the other 7th classes will be difficult.”

“So you were planning to fight them after all……”

While Liera muttered in shock, Erta cast defensive magic on top of Yumir’s body. As she had already consumed the remains of her angelhood, the magic was comparatively inferior, but it was still enough to deflect the magic from ordinary 5th class beings.

[Arrogant, you do not ask for forgiveness but raise your weapon!]

The gigantic shark didn’t seem to like their actions though. The first one to move into the deadlock was also that shark!

[I said you can’t, didn’t I?]

And the Succubus Queen blocked its way. Her temptress violet eyes – Yu IlHan felt a slight chill in them. He thought that he may have misjudged things.

He did not misjudge his own power, nor the enemy’s power.

Perhaps, he had misjudged the balance between the enemies.

[Get lost, bat. You cannot interfere with my justified execution.]

[Oh my, but I don’t think so.]

Violet-colored mana spread out from her like smoke! That, infiltrated the gigantic shark’s metallic armor and penetrated him. The gigantic body of the shark that was soaring through the space towards Yu IlHan suddenly stopped like it was stuck on something.

[Kugh!?]

[Fufu, you thought it would be fine if you were of a different race? Unfortunately, my magic cannot be avoided with those petty measures alone!]

When Helièna extended her two arms wide, the violet-colored mana instantly spread through to the surroundings. The flow instantly covered not only Kelatuke, but the Army of Brilliant Light, the Heaven’s Army and of course, Yu IlHan’s group as well!

[Yes, you want to go at it this way, right!?[

The 8th Wing of Brilliant Light, Natière also agitated her mana after feeling that. The three pairs of black wings extended magnificently to draw in the surrounding mana, and shot them as rays of light towards Helièna!

However, not one of them struck the target. Right before they struck Helièna, the rays of light all changed directions by themselves. Helièna licked her lips with a seductive smile.

[Natière, you also don’t want to fight me, do you?]

[This, monstrous bitch……!]

Natière grit her teeth. The rays of light all bent from Helèna to strike Kelatuke, and Kelatuke immediately turned its body as if it had been was waiting for provocation and faced the Army of Brilliant Light. Of course, this was not what it wanted to do.

[Damn, you bat bitch dare to control my body!]

[Isn’t it heart-pounding? There, close your eyes and feel it. The blissful feeling that you may never experience in your life.]

[Are you ignoring the long amount of time I’ve lived for…… Ahhh!]

[That damned shark!]

The energy that the shark spat out swiped against the Army of Brilliant Light. Natière did try her best to defend, but the energy she could not block instantly vaporized a few fallen angels. Helièna laughed out while watching that.

[What are you doing, shark? You need to put more effort into hitting the target!]

[Helièna, you bitch……!]

The effects didn’t only reach them. Even some of the angels in the Heaven’s Army, started twitching. The majority were male angels, but a few of the female angels were affected as well.

[Kugh, Spiera-nim!]

[Spiera, be careful! My body is not listening to me!]

[You useless…… eeek!]

It only took a moment for an internal chaos to occur in the angel camp. Yu IlHan, who thought that higher existences should have high resistance to charm, looked at the battlefield that instantly became a mess and was at a loss for words.

Like this, there was no meaning for him to cooperate with the Heaven’s Army! The battlefield that Yu IlHan had expected was not like this. Helièna was clearly stronger than everyone else put together!

Yu IlHan made Yumir retreat from the angels causing a mess and checked the state of his members.

“Are you guys alright?”

“No problems here.”

[I’m also fine, dad!]

“Fuu, she is quite pretty but she still doesn’t match me~.”

“I too…… can endure, just barely.”

Only Yu IlHan’s group, who were objectively the most underpowered group, were safe from the charm! The higher existences really should give up working and start training – he truly thought that.

[Darling, you do know that everything is because of you, right?]

The next moment, Helièna appeared in front of Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan thought about using the magic formation again to make some distance, but decided not to after concluding that nothing would change even if he did so, with the situation around him right now.

Yes, failure was preset upon the moment he tried to use the help of a faction despite being a loner. In the end, he could only win everything by himself!

“Let’s set things straight. It’s because of you guys touching Dareu, not because of me.”

He looked at Helièna head on. He gripped the spear in his hand, and made Yumir look down slightly just in case he was affected by the charm, and finally lowered his visor to cover his eyes.

“I will kill that…….”

“No, Liera.”

Liera tried to step up from his side, but Yu IlHan pushed her back. Even though Liera was burning in passion to protect him, it was impossible for her to go against Helièna with the powers she currently had.

[So it’s your girl. Oh my, how romantic. But, its alright. I don’t care how many women you have.]

She flew across the skies as if sliding, and lightly landed on Yumir’s head. Yumir shook his head to shake her off, but if she was shaken off with just that, she wouldn’t be 7th class.

[You’ll become mine anyway.]

Helièna approached Yu IlHan defenselessly. There were no signs of her attacking. No, she used her ability to protect him last time, so it should be fine to say that she had no hostility.

Yu IlHan hesitated whether he should strike out right now, or wait for a better opportunity, but the moment he hesitated, the physical distance between him and Helièna approached 0.

Helièna’s hand touched Yu IlHan’s visor. When she pushed it up, Yu IlHan was met with the mysteriously glistening violet eyes.

[Oh my, you’re looks are my type too.]

“Your looks aren’t mine though.”

[Really? But you’ll change your mind soon.]

The moment Helièna flicked a finger with the other hand, the violet fog that spread throughout the battlefield all gathered towards her. Following that, the three pairs of bat wings extended and enveloped Yu IlHan and Helièna, and the full power from the Succubus Queen was focused on Yu IlHan alone.

“IlHan!”

“Unni, you’ll really die~!”

“Yu IlHan!”

[Kuoooh, Uraaar!]

An overwhelming amount of mana, enough to distort space-time, storming around Yu IlHan was a very spectacular scene, but there were two beings in the middle that did not flinch at all. They were Yu IlHan and Helièna.

[Now, please say you love me.]

Whispered Helièna in a sweet voice and took off his helmet. Yu IlHan replied to her with a somewhat dreamy expression.

“Get out of my face, I can’t read the text.”

[You have awakened Unshakable heart Lv Max. This is the highest tier skill in this category, and is impossible to evolve whether independently, or in fusion.]

Yu IlHan finally realized.

That there had simply been no moment so stimulating that it provoked his skill to awaken, ever since the first Great Cataclysm.



Chapter 253

“Give me my helmet back.”

[How……?]

The Succubus Queen didn’t even realize that the helmet was taken from his hand and slowly stepped backwards.

[My powers are not restrained at all in this world. I’m…… I’m at full power!]

At the same time she said that, Helièna spread out her aura to the surroundings. Everyone in the battlefield who could not completely overcome her aura swayed.

[Kugh……Khaaarh!]

[Kihigh, Helièna……!]

The gigantic armored shark messed up the Army of Brilliant Light against its will despite its enormous power, due to Helièna’s pheromones, and Natière was in an identical situation, in the regard that she could not make rational decisions. Controlling the opposite sex, and destroying the reason of the same sex – the power that still applied even on the same league!

[But why do you not love me!?]

She hadn’t reached 7th class with just 6th class stats for nothing. With regards to mental and psychological magic, she was the strongest!

Was there a 7th class that could face her head on? Would the Heaven’s Army’s Battalion Commander be able to go against her magic and rip her wings off?

At least, the Heaven’s Army didn’t think so. Even though Spiera had reported to her higher-ups multiple times despite her chaotic mental state, the Heaven’s Army did not send a Battalion Commander. She also despaired after a few minutes.

[Yes, for the Heaven’s Army, it’d be better for these guys to exhaust each other out.]

[That means…….]

[There is nothing we can do here. It will be for the best if we can retreat like this, but……]

The majority of the angels had fallen for Helièna’s charm except for herself and a few others, and were fighting each other. Retreat? Was that even possible? As the leader of this small group, she couldn’t flee by herself.

[Spiera-nim……]

[Resolve yourselves. The grace that Heaven has given us, it’s time to pay them back by burning our souls, kugh!]

However, even when she tried to erect her willpower straight, Helièna’s magic was trying to pollute her. How unreasonable and violent of an ability was this? She subconsciously clenched her teeth.

[The efforts and power I’ve built up all my life is collapsing thanks to a single Succubus. ….. Kraaar!]

[Natière!]

[Kugh, this dumb shark is completely doomed!]

The Heaven’s Army and the Army of Brilliant Light were rapidly losing their battle power, and the Battalion Commanders Kelatuke and Natière were also expending each other’s mana! A single Succubus Queen was toying around with everyone on the battlefield.

[Here, look at me, LOOK.AT.ME!]

“You’re noisy.”

Well, other than Yu IlHan’s group that is.

[How? Am I not lovely? How! Huh? HOW!]

“I said you’re not my type…. Liera.”

With a laid back reply, he handed his helmet backwards. Liera, who received the helmet, looked at Yu IlHan with worried eyes for a little, but eventually put it on Erta who was having the hardest time among them. And magically, Erta’s shaking stopped right then.

“Just what is this helm…… oh, it’s one of Yu IlHan’s crafts.”

“So you accept it with just that.”

[Yu IlHan, Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan. Just what are you darling? Just what did you do to become like that?]

The Succubus Queen didn’t seem to be interested in the scenes of tragedy occurring in the background, that she had caused, and only focused on Yu IlHan. The screams and exclamations of despair were ringing out like a BGM, and she asked Yu IlHan several times.

[No one, not even our mighty Ruler, was completely free from my charm. However, darling is just a lower existence. Was that helmet a bluff? Is there still a hidden artifact?]

“There’s nothing like that.”

[Really? There’s really nothing like that?]

Helièna glistened her eyes as she approached Yu IlHan. Yu IlHan thought for a moment, but eventually decided that it was better to not kill her now.

It was just a simple logic of rock-paper-scissors. Yu IlHan had no confidence to kill the other 7th class Battalion Commanders, but Helièna could make the two self-destruct. And Helièna herself, could not win against him. Then, it would be the wisest to use her to stall her for time and make the battle as advantageous to him as possible.

The only thing that tugged at his mind in this situation was the Heaven’s Army, and looking at them, they also looked like they would self-destruct any time soon.

The fact that Spiera was amidst of them made Yu IlHan feel weird…… but he shook his head. By killing Echjar and saving Spiera, he had done all he could for her and set his heart straight. Since he had decided to depart with the Heaven’s Army completely, he could not do something foolish and end up not being able to protect the others just because of them.

[Darling, look at me. Don’t look at the others.]

Helièna was still stuck to Yu IlHan. However, it wasn’t like the others were free from her. The endless stream of mana that came out of her did not let them go.

No, in fact, she was even absorbing the mana from the ones charmed by her!

[Darling, tell me more about yourself. Open your heart a little more.]

“I have no intention to join the Destruction Demon Army nor do I have anything to tell you.”

[I’m only curious. Just what did you experience for your heart to be frozen over……]

“Well, I’m open to guesses.”

At that point, Helièna also noticed that Yu IlHan was stalling for time. Even that he was trying to weaken the other 7th class Battalion Commanders using her! Despite that, she did not stop using her power. She was set on thinking about how to make Yu IlHan hers.

[Is it because your heart is full already? Then……]

But at one moment, Helièna’s gaze switched from Yu IlHan and looked at Liera, Na YuNa and Erta.

[Do I just need to clean those girls up first?]

“…….”

Yu IlHan immediately picked up his spear once he heard that. Hell blossomed on the tip of his spear and spread to his body and Yumir’s back and ruled over a certain region of space. The skill he activated was Falling Down.

“Then I can only switch my plans too.”

[Kyak, finally a reaction! Yes, that’s it!]

Helièna did not plan to give up on Yu IlHan at all. The reason she tried threatening his companions was also to create a gap in Yu IlHan’s heart to charm him.

However, Yu IlHan had no more intentions on having a staring contest with her. The reason he was laid back until now was because Helièna’s attention was all focused on him. It was a completely different matter if she switched her attention to his companions.

“Miss YuNa, please buff me.”

“I was waiting for this~.”

“Liera and Erta, please block this woman’s attack.”

“Got it.”

“Plenty.”

“Mir, I’ll move a little faster from now. Synchronizing with dad, you can do it, right?”

[Yeah!]

He activated God Force to enhance his body muscles beyond their limits and gripped on the Eight-tailed dragon spear. Despite that, Helièna’s expression was still as laid back as ever. Even while knowing that Yu IlHan’s heart was closed shut, she had confidence in her power.

[I have no intentions on attacking you, darling, but why are you bullying me? You like me better than those things, no?]

“Hah.”

All men are hers – this was the fact that she had treated as the unsullied ‘truth’ for tens of thousands of years. There was no way she could accept that it was broken. This was Helièna’s biggest mistake.

“So words don’t work on you. No, you didn’t have any intentions to have a conversation with anyone until now. Since activating your power would suffice.”

[Your eyes became scary. Are you really going to pierce me with that spear? Do you want to bind me with these chains?]

The soulflame chains will not work on this succubus. Her charm was effective even against thought-souls! If he tried to forcibly use them, then the power would backlash at him.

Yu IlHan, who instinctively realized this, clicked his tongue and put away the soulflame chains, and instead, covered his spear in stronger flames. The translucent flames increased in temperature under the control of Eternal Flame.

[Really? Are you really going to…… Kyak!]

Yu IlHan’s spear slicked past Helièna. It wasn’t that the charm had disrupted the trajectory, but that at the moment he struck, she condensed her magic power and shot it to deflect the spear’s trajectory. Yu IlHan’s Record skill activated to record Helièna’s mana pattern that she just used. He wouldn’t be fooled by the same technique again.

[You attacked me.]

Muttered Helièna while touching the slight burn that appeared on her shoulder as she couldn’t completely dodge that attack. Rather than the fact that she was injured by a lower existence, she seemed more shocked by the fact that Yu IlHan had attacked her.

[You really attacked me!]

“Tch, Mir!”

[Got it!]

Now that he didn’t need to stall for time any longer, he could not hang out with her childish acts. Regardless of Helièna’s reaction, Yu IlHan poised himself once again, and synced his breath with Yumir and charged once again, to pierce with the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory with his full power.

[Kyak!]

[Hick!]

[eeek! I hate you!]

“Ah……”

However, as he had expected Helièna had exceptional talent not only in regards to mental magic, but all kinds of skills that required wielding mana. Seeing her dodge Yu IlHan’s strike that could instantly kill dragons with magic with varying mana patterns and their applications that Yu IlHan had never seen before, he could not help but be dumbfounded.

[The skill, Record, has become level 47.]

However, that also became a good stimulus for Yu IlHan who had not experienced difficulties for a long time. Facing off the Succubus Queen that lived for tens of thousands of years allowed him to see what he couldn’t before just by swinging his spear, and saw a path that he could not walk on!

[The skill, Record, has become level 48.]

[The skill, God Force, has become level 12.]

[So you really are attacking me straight on. Without any hesitation, with the intent to kill me……!]

“Hhp!”

Ignoring her shock and exclamation, he fought her for an unknown amount of time afterwards, and finally, a repeated pattern appeared. Yu IlHan did not miss that opportunity and pierced ten times at once, and those strikes created holes on Helièna’s abdomen, shoulders, and thighs.

[Critical Hit!]

[Kyahak!]

Blood scattered in the air. Yu IlHan got hit by the blood in the air on purpose before they were vaporized by the flames in his domain. The moment he absorbed the blood of a living 7th class, the information he had on the Destruction Demon Army and succubi rapidly renewed itself.

[The skill, Record, has become level 50.]

“Fuu, very good.”

He wiped the blood on his face and licked his hand with a smile. Although he was purely being happy with the skill’s growth, he just looked like a madman on the outside. However.

[Aah.]

Seeing that, Helièna’s expression finally changed for the first time.

[aaah……! Yes, that was it!]

“You finally feel like fighting?”

However, it was too late for that now. Yu IlHan had acquired enough records about Helièna already. Even though Helièna’s magic power suddenly increased by two times, he had the confidence to face her. Since he had inflicted fatal wounds on her as well, what was left was to only pierce her heart by charging forward with Yumir!

[Yes, I finally get it.]

However, just as Yu IlHan poised himself to attack for who knows what number of times this is, she suddenly said something completely incomprehensible.

[So darling is the Fifth.]

“What……?”

[……Wait, let’s talk again after we clean this place up.]

She, who was focusing on Yu IlHan from the very moment of her appearance until now, suddenly said something nonsensical before turning around. Looking at her defenseless state, Yu IlHan was about to pierce her without any hesitation, but he ended up not doing so by himself.

“IlHan……?”

“It’s fine. I’m completely fine.”

Liera, who checked up on him, voiced her worry in a trembling voice, but Yu IlHan shook his head completely fine and spoke.

“Can you not feel it?”

“Feel what?…… Oh?”

[That annoying aura disappeared.]

Yes. From the moment Helièna turned her back on them, the power of her charm did not extend towards them anymore. Despite the fact that she was so obsessed with him just before, it was as if she had completely given up on Yu IlHan and his companions.

The aura that extended towards them were completely retracted back to Helièna, and was poured back out towards the three other factions that were in a mess of a fight.

[Kugh……Kyahk!]

[Uhuoooh! I curse you! I SHALL CURSE YOU!]

The battlefield was crumbling rapidly. The Heaven’s Army and the Army of Brilliant Light were almost wiped out, while Natière and Kelatuke fought each other to half-death.

Spiera? She was caught up by the massive battle between the two 7th class beings, and was gravely injured and her consciousness was becoming foggy, and ended up being inflicted by Helièna’s charm. All of this was Helièna’s doing while she struggled with just one person – Yu IlHan.

Yu IlHan felt his strength dragin while looking at that. Did the enemies defeated by him until not feel like this? Although he wasn’t infected, looking at the succubus that did what he couldn’t possibly even attempt to, make him feel so insignificant.

“What the hell? She’s completely toying with all of them……”

“She’s one of the three strongest Battalion Commanders even in the Destruction Demon Army! Do you even know how much I panicked after seeing her so suddenly!?”

Erta, who finally regained her calm, complained to Yu IlHan while pinching his cheeks. However, Yu IlHan could not reply to her. He was completely absorbed in the Succubus Queen in front of him right now.

[Well, it’s time to end this.]

Helièna playfully raised one hand in the air and shook it. The mana of charm that became much bigger than before due to her absorption of the mana from everyone here, instantly reversed back into them with the wave of her hand. The next moment,

[Kahk.]

[If it’s her wish.]

[I shall gladly!]

They started committing suicide.



Chapter 254

[Cough.]

[She wishes for my death.]

[O sweet death.]

[I’ve forgotten about death for a long time. She awakened the longing of death inside me.]

The angels with white wings all committed suicide with their own weapons. It was no different for the fallen angels with black wings. They used their swords, spears, whips, or even hands to cut open their own chests and crush their hearts.

Black and white blood scattered over the battlefield. Looking at the scene Helièna extended her two arms and closed her eyes.

[Look, such a beautiful scene, no? Don’t you feel their straight and pure love?]

“Be pure twice and the world will end, duh.”

[There’s nothing more truthful to prove love than death. It means they’ve thrown away their all for it!]

The surviving 5th class beings all severed their own lives as soon as Helièna willed it. Black and white feathers scattered in the air. Yu IlHan felt slightly disgusted at himself for thinking it was beautiful.

[Ah, aaah!]

[This damned…… bitch……!]

[Natière, it was your mistake to come here today. Oh my, you mean it isn’t? You love me so much? How thankful I am!]

[Guoooh!]

The 8th Wing of Brilliant Light, Natière, and the Chief Gatekeeper from the Garden of Sunset, Kelatuke, were no exceptions. They were resisting to their best of abilities by agitating their own mana. They might have been able to resist if they were at their full power, but with their powers exhausted with the violent fight until now, it was near impossible for them to endure Helièna’s final attack.

The shark reversed the spikes on its armor and shaved its own body out while roaring, and Natière spread her own three pairs of wings to rip her body apart. If there was anything better for them than the other suiciders, it was that it took much longer for them to die due to the strong bodies they had.

[Kh…….Kugh!]

[Fufu, you’re beautiful, Natière. You’re the prettiest that you’ve ever been right now.]

[Kuhaaa!]

Perhaps Helièna was waiting for this moment from the beginning – slowly poisoning them and paralyzing them, and instantly severing their lives once they became unable to move. She was not only a beautiful succubus, but she was also a meticulously proficient hunter as well.

Yes, right now, he could understand why Helièna was obsessed with him so much. To her who had gained victory after victory like this all her life, there should have been none that were able to surpass her.

[Succu, bus…….! I shall……!]

[Oh my.]

However, just one, was able to endure the succubus’ order to commit suicide. It was none other than the 6th class high angel Spiera. Even while there was a festival of death around her, she was stiffly raising her head to glare at Helièna.

[I’ll kill you myself!]

[How? Oh, that’s it. You’re in contract with Yu IlHan?]

Helièna’s gaze headed to Yu IlHan once again. She asked with a cute and adorable face.

[Darling, what will you do? If you say don’t, I’ll let that angel go.]

Yu IlHan could not understand Helièna at all. Did she mean that she would follow him if he wished to? Wasn’t that as if they were in a master-slave relationship? Just what did the ‘fifth’ mean?

[Yu IlHan……! You need to, kill her! She’s the enemy of Heaven’s Army, and your enemy!]

“……Spiera.”

Yu IlHan held off from replying to Helièna and faced Spiera. As Helièna had said, the contract between the two were still maintained.

He could feel the connection that linked her to him, and one that allowed both of them to feel each other’s emotions minutely. Yu IlHan thought that this was perhaps the best time to wrap things up.

“Spiera, I have something to ask you.”

He asked. It was a firm voice not containing any emotions.

“What did you feel like when you abandoned Earth?”

[…….]

[Oh my, you knew without having me to tell you? My, my, you really are my type!]

Spiera was silenced with Yu IlHan’s sudden question, and Helièna rejoiced that the man she chose had a darker heart than she had originally thought.

“……”

“……Uu.”

Only Liera and Erta’s expressions stiffened, Their sense of guilt for betraying the Heaven’s Army, and their rejection towards the Destruction Demon Army were dragging them back. They just didn’t like this situation at all.

However, they wouldn’t try to run away either. As long as they decided to go with Yu IlHan, they had to accept everything that he did.

“What did you feel when you realised that so many people could not meet their loved ones ever again?”

[That, is…….]

“Returning to Heaven while leaving Liera and me behind, while countless infants died in that hellish place – what did you think about at that time?”

[……]

“Answer me, Spiera. I want to hear your honest thoughts.”

Spiera’s expression tragically twisted. She realized that Yu IlHan’s heart had left the alliance with the Heaven’s Army a long time ago.

[I…… did not think anything of it.]

She eventually replied.

[I only act upon orders of the Heaven’s Army. I am a higher existence, and my emotions are not moved by lower existences.]

“So that is it.”

[Did that…… answer your question?]

“Yes.”

Yu IlHan raised his spear and asked Helièna for the first time

“Can you sever the contract between me and her?”

[Oh, darling, sure! You heard that? Agree to the dissolution of the contract. Here, nod already.]

[……]

Spiera bit her lips and nodded her head. At that time, the contract between the two dissolved with mutual agreement from both sides.

[You have no angels in contract with you. All powers as an Angel’s Partner become sealed. If you do not contract with an angel within a certain period of time, you will lose the qualifications of being an Angel’s Partner. At that time, you may select a new subclass.]

The moment the contract was completely dissolved, emotions of loss and vanity assaulted Yu IlHan. However, he felt a certain sense of newfound freedom. Being tied to somewhere did not fit him. The fact that a loner tried to join another group was a problem. He liked his current self the most.

[Yu IlHan, do you plan to go against me? Do you plan to go against the Heaven’s Army?]

“I’ll explain this situation in the simple words I like so much.”

Yu IlHan’s lips made a cold smile.

“You sound like a thug that just asked ‘you wanna go against me?’ even though you socked me right in the face.”

[……]

Spiera’s reply did not come back. Helièna realized Yu IlHan’s decision and made way for him while retreating to make a stage for the two of them. She even retracted her power for Spiera to be not charmed by her!

“Spiera, let us fight. Not for the purpose of training, but with our lives on the line.”

[……The succubus is listening to your words right now. If you use that power, you should be able to kill me easily. Why do you still hold your spear?]

“I can’t let someone else take over the finisher and just step back.”

Yu IlHan took deep breaths and looked behind him. Liera and Erta nodded at him with stiff expressions. Na YuNa seemed to hesitate about saying something and she still gave him a blessing to put him back to his full condition while pouting, and Yumir swayed his tail lightly as if he knew what his dad was thinking.

That was enough.

“Well, come on, then.”

[You’ve become more confident of yourself, Yu IlHan. Nice going.]

“I’m not underestimating you. If you were in your normal condition, I wouldn’t do something so foolish like this.”

However, Spiera was currently exhausted with injuries all over her body. Although she was freed from the charm, her mental self should have been wounded quite a lot as well. Even with 6th class powers, she would not be able to overwhelm Yu IlHan.

Above all, Yu IlHan wanted to experience the Great Cosmos-severing Spear for himself. There would never be another opportunity.

He cancelled Falling Down that was maintained until now, and gathered all the dissipating flames and put it on the tip of his spear. Spiera’s lips curved into a smile while facing the spear of flames, that were blessed by the goddess of fire, and was burning as if to melt everything around it.

[So you are keeping such a courtesy against a mere traitor like me…… you really are a good man.]

“……Please conduct the last lesson properly, Spiera.”

[Very well, I shall show you my best.]

Spiera also held her pure white spear and faced Yu IlHan. Her foggy eyes instantly turned crisp and clear. Liera, who knew how strong she was, became nervous and grabbed Yu IlHan’s waist, but he lightly shook his head.

“It’s fine.”

“What’s fine you idiot!”

“On one of the options of Untouchable, there’s one that allows me to escape an attack that will instantly put me to death. So, in any case, I won’t die with one hit. And if I don’t die, then I can recover somehow.”

“……”

He actually did have countermeasures! Liera became speechless at Yu IlHan managing to procure his safety even in such a situation. However, she eventually smiled, thinking that it was very much like him.

Yu IlHan did not mind her, and stood up from Yumir’s head and extended Ruin Calling. However, before he could leap, Spiera expanded her two pairs of wings and charged towards Yu IlHan!

[Die for the Heaven’s Army, Yu IlHan!]

“Hhp!”

Yu IlHan leaped slightly later than her. He set the angle to be horizontal, and overlapped leaps and re-leaped several times in the air to burst through the limit!

[Activating God Force. Muscular strength increases by 340%.]

While charging, Yu IlHan activated God Force without the support of Falling Down. Although he would be in much pain after the battle, he could not hold back with Spiera as his opponent.

[Hah!]

“……!”

As the two were moving at rapid speeds, the moment of outcome rapidly approached as well. Spiera drew a stroke with all her powers in her spear, and Yu IlHan overlapped eleven trajectories into one.

[……!?]

Spiera’s eyes abruptly opened while looking at his spear strike. She had realized the power in his strike. Immediately after that, the two trajectories collided, and there was no sound at all.

[…….]

“……Kugh.”

Yu IlHan, who was standing up with Ruin Calling Open, suddenly vomited blood. Although he looked fine on the outside, the amount of shock he had received internally was very high.

“IlHan!”

“Fuu…… you don’t need to come.”

Liera and the others shouted while widening their eyes, but Yu IlHan firmly shook his head. He gestured that he was fine. By now, punctured internal organs didn’t even count as injuries.

[Yu IlHan.]

Spoke Spiera.

[Is that the path you have chosen?]

“It’s still incomplete. I’m going to incorporate your technique later too.”

[Is that so…… It’s a pity that I… cannot see… the final……. form.]

A bitter smile hung on Spiera’s lips. After that, her body split in half starting from the head to her waist.

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 478 Spiera.]

[Fusion evolution of skills are possible. By consuming 1 5th class magic stone and 1,000 4th class magic stones, will you fuse Spear Mastery, Physical Combat mastery, Blunt Weapons mastery, Whip mastery, and Sword mastery?]

Even though she was exhausted by Helièna’s power, it was still possible for Spiera to battle, and it looked as if Yu IlHan was deemed as the biggest contributor to her death, as he got the experience and records.

Moreover, as he had experienced the Great Cosmos-severing Spear at her final moments and even killed her and acquired her experience, the conditions to learn the Great Cosmos-severing Spear were fulfilled. Although he couldn’t immediately learn it as he had spent all of his 5th class magic stones, it would become possible if he searched through the dead 5th class beings lying around.

[Darling.]

Making a sweet expression specific to a woman in love, Helièna flew towards him.

[You’re so cool! You’re the partner I’ve been waiting for all my life, I’m sure of it!]

“Really?”

[Darling will become the fifth God. You shall become the latest, but the brightest and strongest star……!]

Yu IlHan looked at the remaining people in the battlefield while listening to her words. Although Yu IlHan and his companions were without any injuries, all the rest had died. Natière and Kelatuke also lost their lives while Yu IlHan and Spiera were fighting, so they were really the only ones left now.

[I heard a prophecy. That I would eventually stand next to the fifth God!]

“What is this ‘fifth God’? Do you mean that I will create a new faction of higher existence?”

[You have noticed yourself, right? Darling…… there are no beings that can endure 7th class being’s attacks while being a lower existence. There’s only you – in this wide multiverse, you’re the only one. I also thought ‘no way’ but now I believe it. Can’t you feel my heart pounding?]

Helièna grabbed Yu IlHan’s hand and placed his palm onto her voluptuous chest. Yu IlHan admitted with a bitter smile.

“I can indeed feel your heart.”

[Right?]

“Yeah.”

Yu IlHan took his hand off her chest. Then, he struck with his spear, through her heart.

God Force was still maintained, and having acquired Helièna’s records, he knew her weak points and her mana pattern as well, which allowed him to make the her heart burst instantly. Helièna’s two eyes widened as if she couldn’t believe what was happening.

[……Dar, ling?]

“Thanks for clearing up the situation.”

Yu IlHan twisted his spear to completely kill her. Then, he spoke with a cold voice.

“But Liera is my only partner.”

There’s no way Yu IlHan would believe a woman who spoke of ‘love’ so easily, which he himself had taken hundreds of years to accept and admit. Additionally, he didn’t know her true intentions, nor did he know if it was pure or not!

From the moment she didn’t realize that, Helièna’s final moments were as good as set in stone.




Chapter 255

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned the record of Lv 519 Helièna.]

[The skill, Record, has become level 56.]

Yu IlHan immediately collected Helièna’s body that was sliding off his spear and looked back at the battlefield.

Numerous corpses of angels and fallen angels, as well as the remains of Natière and Kelatuke that were floating in the air due to the strong mana that surrounded them even after their deaths – these were all Helièna’s property. However, since she had died, they were owner-less now. Since he couldn’t reject them, he also took them to his inventory.

“IlHan.”

“It’s not over yet.”

Liera approached him while voicing her worry, but Yu IlHan replied lightly and turned around. His lips still had blood on them, and as soon as he deactivated God Force, he felt the unspeakable pain of having all of his bodily muscles ripped apart, but this was still no time to be relieved and rest.

“Do you think they’ll give up like this? When 7th class beings were annihilated? I guarantee that more than two factions will send new units.”

Of course, 7th classes will not be among them. No idiots would be daring enough to come to a battlefield where three 7th class beings died. However, sending hordes of 6th class beings was possible.

“Now we need to give the chance to our kids as well. I’ll just go get them for a bit.”

“And what will you do after you bring them here? Fight until the other sides give up or you die?”

“I have the Ruler of dimensions skill.”

“……Oh.”

Ruler of dimensions was an active skill that he had acquired at the time he acquired the Dimensional Traveler subclass. The skill allowed him to prevent the entry of other beings into that dimension when he stayed in one dimension long enough.

Although it was the perfect skill right now, the problem was time. There were still 7 to 8 hours left before he could activate the skill. It was impossible to hold out with just the people here.

“You were thinking that far ahead……?”

“I promised the elves that I will regain Dareu. Moreover, Phiria’s vengeance hasn’t been finished yet.”

“……Okay, I understand.”

Liera read the countless emotions flashing by Yu IlHan’s two eyes and did not say anything anymore, and she just retreated while nodding, raising her spear in the process.

“First, I’ll hold them off here, so you can go bring the other guys. The rest of you, please cooperate with me.”

“Understood.”

“Yes~.”

[Dad, be quick!]

“Thanks.”

Yu IlHan already felt the presences of those entering Dareu, and activated Warp hurriedly. As he had all of the resources required to go to Earth using the ability of Dimensional Traveler, he could go there very quickly compared to the first time he did so. 

“Ah, Your majesty!”

“Master!”

“Captain!”

“Sir Yu IlHan, you were safe.”

The ones that were preparing for battle upon Yu IlHan’s orders immediately reacted. Looking at their honest reactions, he felt like what happened just now in Dareu were all a dream, and he ended up laughing.

“Looking at you laugh, it seems like everything went well.”

“You’re right, Mr. Kang HaJin. Everything did go well and……”

There would be no need for him to talk about everything that happened there. There would be a harsh battle ahead anyway, but there’s no way he could make them lose their motivation so early on.

“Everyone is still safe for the moment. However, things will only get bigger from now on. …… Everyone’s ready, right?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Of course.”

“Any time!”

“Let’s go help the hero!”

The answers were loud. Elves, wolfkin, and the Dragon’s Army all had glistening eyes. Yu IlHan nodded, saying ‘good’, and spoke.

“Let’s go.”

When Yu IlHan returned with the two fortresses and the army inside the two, a battle was already under way. Except the Heaven’s Army that gave up on daeru, all three other factions had sent an army comprising hundreds of 5th class beings!

“That’s nearly not enough! Hhaaap!”

[Kraooo!]

“Lady Leytnaaa!”

Liera and Yumir fought the enemies in front, Erta supported them with her magic from behind them, and Na YuNa was protecting them perfectly with her inexhaustible supply of holy power. Although the team was perfect without any flaws, it would be difficult for them to defeat the other side by themselves.

“Everyone prepare to fight.”

[Master, there was something big here, right? The mana around this area is so twisted……]

“Big things are occurring right now. Mystic, you know what to do without having me to tell you, right?”

[Changing topics again…… Of course I do!]

[Critical Hit!]

Mystic’s Hundred Eyes bombardment became the signal for the commence of battle. Though, it was too strong for a signal and a significant portion of enemy forces were annihilated!

“IlHan is here!”

“We can win now!”

“Dad!”

The group that was holding out with just the four of them, rejoiced after learning of Yu IlHan’s return. As if to answer their joyful calls, the army charged without hesitation against more than two thousand 5th class beings.

“Woaaah!”

“Hero, we’re here!”

“Charge! It is time to regain our dignity as wolfkin!”

“Let’s go, let’s regain…… our land of elves!”

Although he wished to be with them and decrease their casualties as much as possible, Yu IlHan’s body was still exhausted after continuous battles and the continuous use of God Force. If he pushed himself to fight against 5th class beings, any mistake would result in his death. He used Transcendent regeneration, trying to calm down his internal organs that were messed up, while going into the mansion.

[Master, so you’re injured?]

“A little, but if it’s control, I can still do it.”

[I think I know why master can only become stronger.]

“It’s just that you had good eyes for people.”

Yu IlHan replied coolly to Orochi’s words and hurried his steps to the study. He had already made it so that he could control not only the Flying fortress, but the Guardian fortress’s system as well.

[There are no casualties yet.]

“I’m not expecting everyone to survive.”

Yu IlHan sat in the comfortable chair in the study, and checked his subordinates in the battlefield through the monitors in the room, and replied with a short sigh.

“However, I’ll support them so that they can use the very best of their abilities. Mystic, help them out.”

[Sure.]

Not to mention the artifacts including Hundred Eyes, all of the Guardian fortress and the Flying fortress’s movements became agile. The members of the army that could not fly had to rely on the two fortresses for movement, and since the two fortresses became more agile, their battle capabilities increased instantly as well.

“This is the power of wolfkin! Uoooh!’

[Kyaoooh!]

[Kihaaak!]

The wolfkin with agile bodies used the jump pads in the Guardian fortress to catch up to the speed of higher existences. Thanks to Yu IlHan’s artifacts, there weren’t that much differences between their stats and the higher existences’, but with overwhelming numbers as well, there was no way they would be disadvantageous.

The elves around Paté who was controlling higher existences as undead, and the Dragon’s Army that possessed mana unbefitting of their size, also fought desperately.

“Charge, bite, and become stronger!”

“Focus fire!”

“We only have to do as hero taught us!”

“Get the attributes together, the attributes!”

[Kroaaar!]

Na YuNa returned to the holy region and strengthened all others, while Liera, Erta and Yumir received all the attacks at the frontlines while rampaging around. Everyone had gathered with one intention in mind, to resist against the intruders on Dareu.

[Kuoooh!]

“Mir, well done!”

“Retreat immediately!”

The voice of his companions filling the battlefield tickled Yu IlHan’s ears. Enduring his urge to immediately go out there and fight with them, Yu IlHan once again focused on control.

“Good, let’s do this for a little longer.”

[Master, you’re sweating a lot, are you really alright?]

“I’m used to things like pain.

Activating Transcendent regeneration to its limits, he drank all the remaining amounts of Breath he had. Since he had thousands of dragons anyway, there was no need to save up on them.

There were 6 hours until he could activate the Ruler of Dimensions skill. Yu IlHan checked the state of his body and the morale of his allies and clenched his teeth. He could finally see the end of this dirty and annoying war. Right now, he had to do everything he could!

***

[Y, you mere lower existence!]

[Where is Lord Kelatuke? This damn lizard!]

[No way, you were angels before!]

“eeei, shut up alreadyyy!”

When Erta’s magic binded the enemies, Liera’s spear caused an explosion of shockwaves in midair. With Yumir’s wind magic support that enhanced the shockwaves’ strength, three fallen angels died at once.

[You’re so strong even after falling, I cannot believe…… I!]

“Hhp!”

[Kahk!?]

Ericia appeared behind the head of a higher existence that was occupied by Liera and Erta and struck a dagger onto the head. That higher existence was killed without being able to endure the piled up wounds.

“Fuu.”

Ericia, having killed the enemy, looked at the battlefield and shouted.

“The enemies are dead!”

“Uoooh!”

The wolfkin rejoiced in excitement after seeing their princess’s actions. Liera really saw that there were no higher existences on the battlefield and shrugged her shoulders.

“To think she stole the finisher.”

“They are truly courageous. I never knew they could fight so well without shrinking back against higher existences.”

“Hmph, they’re just overconfident. ……. Though, I’m glad that not many of them died.”

Although it was easy to misunderstand since he didn’t show it much on the outside, Yu IlHan received a considerable amount of pain if someone he deems close to him gets injured or dies. If Phiria didn’t die, he probably wouldn’t have went so far for Dareu.

[I think dad is moving.]

Shouted Yumir who received Liera, Erta and Ericia who killed the last higher existence.

[It looks like it’s time!]

Not to mention Liera, all the others focused their gazes on the Flying fortress as well. They could feel a pressure that tightened their hearts at the center of the Flying fortress.

When that power spread throughout the world and filled the skies, the world blinked. To find a sentence that can explain this in the simplest way possible, it was as if a patch was being activated to fix the bugs of the world.

“Whoaaa.”

“How the heck is this a subclass’s skill……?”

[Dad is amazing. Too amazing.]

They also vaguely realized what this ‘patch’, made with the expansion of an overwhelming amount of mana, meant. The Ruler of dimensions skill successfully activated, and unless it was the leader of each faction, they would not be able to enter Dareu now.

And if a world required their leader to act, then they’d rather give up on Dareu completely.

Yes. This meant that they had obtained victory. They had succeeded in defending Dareu against the higher existences.

Liera, who could not believe that it really did happen, muttered absentmindedly.

“……Ruler of dimensions? It’s the perfect fitting name.”

“Didn’t I say so, Liera?”

The doors to the mansion of the Flying fortress opened and Yu IlHan walked out, looking very exhausted. Erta whispered while looking like she was holding back the urge to pour kisses onto him.

“That I’ll make him a God.”

“Don’t joke with me, Erta.”

Liera snorted at her and activated the option on the Feather of Temptation and floated into the air. Her destination was into Ilhan’s arms.

“Even without you, IlHan will become a God all by himself.”

And like that, all battles ended.

The battle resulted in many losses, and many gains.



Chapter 256

“Does this skill dispel if you leave Dareu?”

“No, it can be maintained as long as I will it.”

Liera asked, curious about the faint membrane around this world, and Yu IlHan honestly answered. Liera became speechless.

“That’s OP!”

“But the activation is quite hard.”

“Even so…… *sigh*, I shouldn’t have asked.”

The war was over, and the skill that prevented any outsiders from entering has also been activated. Although many horrifying monsters will be born in this world, as this world was now a higher world, the current elves and wolfkin would be able to manage that by themselves.

“Master.”

Ericia carefully approached Yu IlHan and Liera.

“The battlefield has been cleaned up; the harvest of the materials…… as well as recovering the corpses.’

“Thanks, Ericia. Are we clear about the number of casualties yet?”

“Suitable measures have been carried out. We’re all waiting for master’s next orders.”

Yu IlHan patted Ericia’s head who was lowering her head slightly. Looking at her twitching ears, he spoke with a small smile.

“Then let us have the funeral then.”

A grand funeral for Phiria, whose death notified him of the occurrences in Dareu, as well as all the other elves and wolfkin who died throughout the war, as well as Lecidna, Yumir’s mother, was carried out. Yu IlHan, his subordinates, the elves and wolfkin, and Yumir’s Dragon’s army all gathered in one place.

“Though, to be exact, Lecidna was completely fooled by the Garden of Sunset……”

[Mom.]

When Lecidna’s body inside Yu IlHan’s inventory showed itself in the outside world, the setting sun colored her golden scales red. Yumir looked at that with clear eyes as if he didn’t feel any sadness, before approaching her body and lightly embraced it, while still in dragon form.

[I’m going to live on strong with dad. So mom, don’t worry about us and be born strong in your next time, and live a long life.]

“A dragon is a dragon alright.”

While Yu IlHan was speechless at Yumir’s words, the children comprising the Dragon’s army became sad for some reason while watching Yumir embracing Lecidna’s body.

“Is that hero’s mom?”

“I feel strange. I’m not hurt, but I’m crying.”

“I hope that this helped the hero to become happier.”

“I’m going to make the hero happy.”

To the children who took the fact that killing was a necessity for survival for granted, commemorating the dead was an awkward thing for them. However, Yu IlHan still wished for them to understand that death was a sad thing.

To them, Yumir was their everything, so they would probably understand something after seeing him send his mother away. Although it would be bad if they hesitated to fight against their enemies, they could at least escape being unaffected by the deaths of their allies.

“Everyone has worked hard. The blood you have shed have all become seeds to regain Dareu.”

“And with our tears, may elves prosper once more……”

“Kitera……”

The elves who finally regained Dareu after a long period of time also commemorated their comrades in arms and cried. Although they could not regain the remains of Phiria, the other 3 elves could finally let her go with peace in their hearts.

“Phiria……”

“I’ll protect His Majesty to your share as well. Although we’re still the ones being protected right now, I’ll definitely become strong enough!”

“Thanks, Phiria. I will never forget you.”

Meanwhile, the atmosphere was slightly different in the wolfkin’s side. They, who was assured that the Moon Wolf Ericia had chosen in this war, was a great man indeed, rejoiced that they have gained a gained a grand victory in this sacred war, and also thought that their comrades that died, died glorious deaths. They could send the dead off with joy.

“After Kiroa had lost its future, what remained for us was also regress and death. However, we have met Lord Yu IlHan and finally gained a future. Look at us now! We may be fewer in number, but we have become incomparably stronger than before, and we shall become even stronger in the future!”

“Uoooh!”

“Remember the ones that died in this holy war! We! Have to become stronger, enough to cover their share, or more!”

“We shall follow you for all of eternity, Lady Ericia!”

“Lord Yu IlHan!”

Everyone commemorated the dead in their own ways. Yu IlHan silently watched, until he judged that they were done with it, when he held up his hand. At the same time, all of the remains were covered in warm, orange flames.

“So, beautiful.”

“Yu IlHan…… Truly an ability that’s been blessed by the goddess of fire. To think there’s a fire that provokes emotions just by looking at it.”

“It’s as if the flames are dancing in unison.”

What all they said was true. All the flames above the corpses had Eternal flame controlling them, and was dancing in order to make them rest in peace. Yu IlHan simply smiled as he felt that he could feel its emotions. He was just happy.

However, the funeral that seemed to end like that left them a surprise gift.

“Dad.”

“Yeah?”

Yumir, who was now appeared in a human boy’s form, pulled on Yu IlHan’s sleeves while speaking.

“Something’s there where mom died.”

“What do you mean something’s th……. Hm?”

As he didn’t want to touch Lecidna’s remains, he should have put more thoughts into the temperature of the fire in order to incinerate everything but this…

Yu IlHan was confused and headed to where Yumir lead him to. When he got there, the place where Lecidna’s remains were burning was replaced by an oval object. Yu IlHan’s forehead was immediately filled with cold sweat when he saw that.

“…… I have a slight trauma with objects of such shape.”

“It’s not an egg, dad. That’s a magic a dragon uses to protect an item safely. Those are mom’s scales.”

“They definitely are scales alright.”

She should have collected the sturdiest of her scales and enhanced them with magic before storing them in her body in order to do this. Yu IlHan admitted with difficulty after looking at the scale capsule that was glowing red due to the fire.

“Well then.”

Yu IlHan approached it and touched it. At that moment, one of the scales protruded upwards and stabbed at Yu IlHan’s finger. Although it didn’t hurt, he didn’t touch it anymore since he felt like any more would cause a bigger reaction.

“There’s a defense mechanism…… Mir, can you try touching it?”

“Yeah.”

Yumir put his hands on top of the scale capsule. At that moment, the scales mysteriously collapsed with a sound and showed its contents. It was set to disarm against those of the same blood.

And the contents were –

“A letter and an unknown piece of metal. And also.”

The scales that were protecting the contents had merged into one giant piece of scale. When he knocked on it, it was so hard that it made Yu IlHan wonder if that really belonged to a lower existence. The magic power flowing inside was also very extraordinary and it felt as if Lecidna herself was compressed into that one giant scale.

“Looks like the letter is for me.”

“Can you read it?”

“Yeah, I learnt from the elves.”

Yumir read the letter with glistening eyes. While reading the letter, he gave Yu IlHan the pieces of metal that was with the letter itself.

“Apparently, it’s an artifact that allows you to contact the members of the Garden of Sunset.”

“So she tried to drag even you to the Garden of Sunset. Sheesh, she was completely hopele…… hmmm?”

The piece of metal was definitely in the form of a transceiver. Although it was designed in a complex structure, any dragon could interpret and activate it, since they could wield mana proficiently.

The problem was not that. This transceiver generated a certain type of signal to send to the members of the Garden of Sunset residing in another world, and the second function would be activated once it received a reply – the function to create a gate that connects the two worlds.

This was an artifact that allows people to move worlds! If the Heaven’s Army had such an artifact, Yu IlHan wouldn’t have had to spend a thousand years in solitude! – thought Yu IlHan, when he realized that this artifact bent around the laws of the Akashic Records itself.

There’s no way the Heaven’s Army could acknowledge such an existence. No, perhaps, they didn’t even know of it either.

“Looks like we can destroy a lot of the bases of the Garden of Sunset with this.”

“Are we going to destroy them right away?”

Asked Yumir with shining eyes. Fighting numerous higher existences made him incomparably stronger than when he had first arrived in Dareu.

Although it was too bad for Lecidna, Yumir was a guy that would like it if there was a battle, whether it was the Garden of Sunset or the Destruction Demon Army. However, Yu IlHan didn’t want to have any more battles for the time being, so he shook his head.

“No, I want to finish up what happened in Dareu at this point. If I asked everyone for compensation, the battle would become endless, and I also wouldn’t be able to endure for so long. Let’s save this for later.”

Of course, if the other side picked a fight with him first, he would not let them go either. Yu IlHan put the artifact inside his inventory and had a look at the scale next.

“And so…… Mir. What should I make you with this?”

“I’d like a necklace. A locket. I’m going to put the letter in there.”

“Okay, I’ll make you a locket.”

“Heheh.”

Yu IlHan thought that Yumir had no affection for her, when he saw that he sent her off so easily, and from the fact that he didn’t talk a lot about his mother until now, but it seemed that he was wrong. Yu IlHan gave a tight hug to Yumir who put Lecidna’s letter inside his bosom, before turning around. He was planning to make a pretty locket that can remind Yumir of Lecidna. Of course, he would also make it very functional as well.

In any case, the funeral was over with this. Since they sent all that they had to send off, it was now time to go back to everyday life for the living.

“Your Majesty, will you be going right away?”

When Yu IlHan was preparing for the two fortresses to activate, Mirfa asked with a panicked voice. He could not ignore the earnest gaze that wished him to stay with them more, and replied with a bitter smile.

“I’m sorry. But I can’t take you all to Earth…… I’ll come back once I am in need of your power again, so please fight on until then. I’ll look forward to you all becoming stronger.”

“But……”

“Mirfa, don’t worry. I’ll protect His Majesty.”

Jirl replied with a confident smile to Mirfa who could not let go of her regrets. Mirey, Jirl, and Paté had all finished preparing to leave and was behind Yu IlHan.

“Jirl, you idiot. That’s not what she means.”

“I also want to serve you by your side…….”

The feelings the elves had towards Yu IlHan were absolute. He found this very awkward, but they were all adorable as well. Yu IlHan lightly stroked Mirfa’s hair and consoled her.

“I’ll come around to play even if I don’t need your help. Right now, coming over to this world is nothing difficult for me.”

“……Yes, Your Majesty! We will wait for your return!”

Finally, Mirfa’s expression regained its smile. Mirfa nodded several times with a bright red face. That was also the moment when an alarm went off in Liera’s heart when she was watching.

To speak the truth, more than half of the elven females had feelings for Yu IlHan, so there was no room at all for Liera to relax! She only wanted to leave Dareu as soon as possible.

“We shall await the princess’s return.”

“We shall definitely become stronger!”

“Yes, proceed forward. I will also become stronger under master.”

The leader of the wolfkin, the Moon Wolf Ericia, as well as the captain wolf Flemir also went with Yu IlHan. As a considerable number of wolves had grown to 4th class in this war, they would be able to hold out by themselves.

“So we actually won.”

“It feels like the final act of a book. I think it will be perfect if there’s the word [-fin-] on the bottom right of the screen.”

“There are so many of those moments that it’s nothing new anymore.”

“Fufu, that’s why I like him.”

“Yes, yes. I know very well.”

Everyone got on the Flying fortress. Since the Guardian fortress was made for the elves and wolfkin, it would be unmanned while they were not there, and would only serve to protect the Flying fortress.

Yu IlHan immediately activated the Warp skill against the two fortresses and the members in it. As there were several members, it should take a long time usually, but with the power of Dimensional Traveler, a few minutes would be enough.

But when he was about to start the Warp skill, Na YuNa grabbed his sleeve and glistened her eyes.

“Mr. IlHan. I want to see MiRae now~.”

“That’s quite early you’re saying that. However, I also want to see MiRae. And father too……. And my other family members as well.” (Kang HaJin)

“Oh, I’m planning to go find my father and mother first. After that is Miss MiRae. …… After that let’s visit where Sir Kang HaJin and miss YuNa wants to go to.” (Yu IlHan)

“F, father and mother!?”

Shouted Na YuNa in shock and started combing her hair. Liera and Erta were also nervous. As it was so obvious what they were thinking, Yu IlHan gave a smack on the foreheads of each of the girls.

“It’s not like all the other worlds are as messed up as Dareu is, so we’re going to take it slow from here. It will take time for Earth to leap into a higher world anyway. …… And we also need some rest too.”

“And you need to make equipment with your profits.”

“I said don’t read my mind.”

Yu IlHan seemed about to give a smack on Liera’s forehead again, but suddenly changed his actions and put his hand around her waist. At that moment, Na YuNa and Erta were stunned stiff as if they were inflicted by paralysis magic.

“Then let’s go rest.”

“……Okay.”

Liera’s replying voice became so obedient like a different person altogether. Looking at her back as she followed Yu IlHan, Na YuNa and Erta grit their teeth and their gazes met, before they extended a hand out each and did a stiff handshake.

“We simply cannot give up.”

“How could we? I gave up my angelhood for this.”

And the two’s voice perfectly synced.

““Let us do well from now on.””

“What the hell? These women are scary……”

Only Kang HaJin, who felt the shivers from the obsession of women, shivered in fear.



Chapter 257

In the main headquarters of the Destruction Demon Army on Elo Katra, the second conference was held soon after the first one, which was very rare. This time, everyone apart from the 1st Battalion Commander participated.

[Now, even Helièna went and died right after Echjar got done in. Look at the state the Destruction Demon Army is in.]

[Helièna, that fool. She was always pursuing something else. The Fifth… was it? Does that even make sense? No wonder she died.]

[I don’t care about a lizard, but Helièna’s death means an unfortunate loss of a woman. I never tasted that woman until the very end.]

[Don’t joke with me, Belkatoo. When she was alive, you couldn’t even look her in the eye due to the fear of being controlled.]

[Do you have to express your desires every time you meet!]

The 8th Battalion Commander Zenusva sighed while shaking its bird head. Then, he lightly breathed out fire to get their attention.

[He is dangerous, whether we bring him to us or kill him, if we lose any more of our forces, the very foundation of our faction may be shaken. I’ve gathered you here today in order to tell you that.]

[Natière and Kelatuke died as well, right?]

[Helièna was the one who killed them.]

[I don’t care who killed them, what’s important is that they died.]

The eyes of the 4th Battalion Commander Telzaider glistened.

[Everyone knows that the guys in the Garden of Sunset are skillful at deceit, but they do not have a lot of 7th class beings. It’s good news that one of them died. ……Although the loss of Helièna is unfortunate, we didn’t really lose that much more in comparison.]

[Looks like the guys at the Army of Brilliant Light must also be grinding their teeth right now. Natière, that bitch was pretty too.]

[Belkatoo, shut up.]

[Everyone stop.]

The mouth of the 2nd Battalion Commander, Hillutonne, opened. He was one of the commanders that didn’t participate in the first meeting, but came to the second after being notified of Helièna’s death.

[So you mean you will not take revenge for Helièna?]

[Do not. This is my order as the one presiding over this meeting. Any unnecessary action with regards to this matter will be dangerous.]

[Zenusva, you are…… Yes, you would not know. However, I cannot stay still.]

The firebird Zenusva was strictly classified as gender neutral. However, the ‘males’ of the Destruction Demon Army all had feelings of some sort or another towards Helièna, whether big or small. They could only feel angry after being notified of her death. And Zenusva also understood them.

However, right now, he had to persuade them.

[Save it for later, Hillutonne. You need to direct your anger somewhere else right now.]

[Somewhere else……? Oh.]

While replying Hillutonne arrived at the answer himself. The Wall of Chaos that blocked Elo Katra from Heaven’s Army main headquarters – he could feel the gap in the wall opening again.

[The Heaven’s Army……?]

[Yes. Only they did not lose a 7th class being in this war. Is that not unfair?]

Zenusva emitted fire from all over its body to emphasize its speech.

[They also need to pay a reasonable price. The Army of Brilliant Light, as well as the Garden of Sunset will also be thinking about that.]

[You mean to drag them into the War of the Wall of Chaos?]

[We’ve made losses in other places, so we need to gain profits here. I’ve already acquired a positive answer from them.]

[Zenusva, very daring……. But I like it.]

[I too, am looking forward to this battle now.]

Although there were slight worries, most of the Battalion Commanders took a liking to how Zenusva thought. Going beyond the Wall of Chaos was the final objective of the Destruction Demon Army, as well as the very reason for its existence.

[I can consider this as having reached a concensus?]

[Of course I agree. You did good this time, Zenusva.]

[I can’t help it…… If it’s for that reason, very well. I will endure it for now.]

[Good, I shall report to ‘him’ and immediately go into preparation.]

The last obstacle that blocks the Destruction Demon Army from eating away even the Heaven’s Army, the Wall of Chaos. The moment that collapses, all balance across the multiverses would be twisted and broken. They finished the conference while looking forward to the day their wishes were granted.

Like that, Yu IlHan had escaped the attention of higher existence factions for the moment. The Heaven’s Army had attracted a lot of aggro because they didn’t send a 7th class being, and as such, they would act as a buffer for him.

Of course, not that they would have been able to do much to Yu IlHan even if they tried.

After coming back to Earth, the group rested in order to shake off the piled up fatigue. They did absolutely nothing and spent about 4 days in peace and tranquility.

Yu IlHan and Liera did not come outside their room at all, and made people wonder if they were piling up more fatigue instead, but they exited their room in exactly 4 days as if to drown all of their worries and resentments. Na YuNa spoke to Liera while sticking close to her.

“Unni, can I stab you just once~? Just once with a hard, sharp bamboo spear.”

“Go ahead. But instead, I’ll stab you once too.”

“……I’ll stop.”

Yu IlHan called for the others that had rested in their own ways. Although the glares directed at Liera did weigh on his mind, he decided not to mind about it.

“Everyone should have gotten their rest, right?”

“Yes, master. I am only worried for master.”

“We had plenty of rest, Your Majesty! I am also worried for Your Majesty!”

Ericia and Mirey’s answer had minute amounts of complaints in them. Looking at Liera pressuring them with scary eyes, it looked like the power of the god of love had activated again. Yu IlHan shrugged his shoulders and continued speaking.

“I said this before, but I’m going to look for my father and mother now. If they’re doing well where they are, I do not need to bring them here…… anyway this is my personal matter, so I don’t need to take you if-“

“I’m going~!”

“I’m going.”

“I want to go as well.”

“I wish to go as well!”

As soon as Yu IlHan’s words finished, the eyes of the others all started glistening. Although he did expect something like this to happen…… Yu IlHan sighed once and looked at the group.

“Erta, you still aren’t used to your new body, right? Please focus on stabilizing and adapting to your body.”

“But even so……”

“It’s not because the world I’m going to is a dangerous place, but because I’m worried that something like what happened in Dareu will happen once again. We’ve met after all this time, haven’t we?”

“Uu, your way with words has increased as well…….”

Erta gave up first. Then, the ones weaker than her naturally looked away. Yu IlHan naturally didn’t let them go either.

“Miss YuNa. You still haven’t gotten your 4th class yet, have you?”

“Thaaat’s, uh, some absurd quest appeared because the records I’ve acquired with you until now was so great……. I did the 5th class hunt bit, but the 4th class bit is still a little.”

“If you achieve 4th class before I come back, I’ll make you a pretty earring.”

“YES! Oh!”

Na YuNa was lured by the present and shouted ‘yes’ immediately, and immediately realized her mistake and shut her own mouth, but the bus had already departed. She shouted.

“Just make it a ring! A pretty ring!”

“Fine, I’ll make you a ring. Well, then, the rest of you.”

“Ah…….”

The rest noticed their fates and despaired.

“I will train on Earth.”

“I will also…… become a little stronger.”

“Kugh, to think I cannot serve His Majesty…… I will also research into the undead minions.”

He patted the heads of each of his subordinates. He let out a small laugh after seeing that they shook off their disappointment with that, and then proceeded to look at Liera and Yumir. He didn’t really need to leave these two behind.

“Liera said she’ll come, and Mir?”

Yumir seemed to hesitate a lot, but eventually shook his head.

“I also want to see grandma and grandpa, but…… I’ll focus on getting stronger for now. I’m still not level 299 yet.”

“Okay, I understand. I’ll leave the Cradle of Miracles behind.”

“Yeah!”

The Cradle of Miracles reacted most sensitively to Yu IlHan and Yumir. Unlike Yu IlHan, who was only a Dragon Rider, a natural-born dragon like Yumir would be able to receive the maximum effects of the Cradle of Miracles.

“IlHan, who are we going to find first?”

“Father, he’s much weaker than mother. I’ve also rummaged through father’s belongings and acquired enough records of the world he has been to.”

Before, he was calm thinking he should be doing well, but after experiencing what happened in Breya and Dareu, he was feeling hurried for some reason.

Of course, from Yu YongHan’s words, Heishia, the world he had been to, was quite a peaceful world, but Yu IlHan knew better than anyone how rapidly a developing world could change.

No, he should probably be fine. He must be. – muttered Yu IlHan to himself as if to calm himself down and ordered Mystic.

“Take care of the Flying fortress. Don’t forget to clean up the monsters on Earth regularly.”

[Don’t worry about it and leave it to me.]

“Good, then I’ll be off then.”

He immediately activated Warp. The range of the skill was himself and Liera, just two. Since the records about the destination was quite clear as well, it activated safely not so much after, and the two could arrive in Heishia in a blink of an eye.

“Lünaë was horribly beaten by the orc army, weren’t they? The next is probably us.”

“But isn’t the imperial knight order still here? Let’s not give up hope.”

The first words he heard as soon as he came here were such strength-draining words. Yu IlHan turned his head around, and realized that they were standing on a pathway made of stones. The voice could be heard from a fruit vendor on the side.

“Knights? I don’t believe in them. They appear in front of those that pay their taxes in full, but they always disappear when monsters appear around these parts. I wonder if they even have any 3rd class among their ranks.”

“Will Heisha come to an end like this……? Damn, I don’t want to die.”

At that place were two middle-aged men. There were other vendors on the street, and a lot of other people, but the majority were speaking words laden with despair like those two men. The street had anything but liveliness and vitality.

“What the hell is up with the atmosphere here?”

“What else could it be? This place is also at the brink of destruction.”

Perhaps Liera had never been to this place before, and when he translated to Liera who had question marks over her face, she blinked her two eyes and grabbed Yu IlHan’s arms quickly.

“That means your father is in a dangerous situation too! Let’s get him quickly and go back!”

“Thats why I’m tracking the records of my father.”

“And you act quick, as always.”

“But I can’t find him.”

Liera doubted her ears for a moment after hearing Yu IlHan’s natural reply.

“……What?”

“You heard that right. I can’t find the records of my father at all.”

“……Even with the Record skill?”

“Even with the Record skill.”

As long as Yu YongHan existed in this world, there was no way he would not be able to find a trace with the Record skill, but he currently was unable to. The Record skill that had helped tremendously since its appearance had annoyed Yu IlHan for the first time.

Liera tilted her head and spoke.

“Isn’t your father also in possession of a tremendous concealment ability? If that’s the case, I can understand that you can’t find any records of him.”

“Before, I thought that father did not have concealment, but perhaps I really didn’t notice him because he is a concealment master. Dammit, I did feel that father’s presence was very faint, but to think that I can’t even find the records!”

“But wouldn’t he be safe if he’s a concealment master……?”

“There’s the ‘what if’. Moreover, I never saw my dad wielding mana. It’s not like there are two ‘Pancosmic Loner’ titles…… and so.”

When Liera thought something foolish like “blood can’t be deceived after all”, Yu IlHan suddenly extended Ruin Calling and flew upwards. She followed him in a hurry.

“Just what are you going to do? You can’t even find the records of him!”

“If I can’t find father, then there’s only one method I can take.”

He didn’t know if Yu YongHan had died or not, but if he was alive, there was one method he could use to make sure that he was absolutely safe.

“I just need to kill all the monsters in this world.”

“……”

Liera wondered about what kind of retort she should make, but then thought that this much was indeed not much of a problem for Yu IlHan, and became silent.

And during the next 17 hours, Yu IlHan killed every single monster in the world of Heishia.

“H, how can this be! The orc colony was wiped out!”

“The yeti colony in the northern mountain range was also wiped out!”

“Oh my god. Just who caused such a miracle?”

The pseudo-apocalyptic disaster that loomed on Heishia had disappeared just like that. However, Yu IlHan’s concealment did not wear off even once against the monsters, so the identity of the hero that saved the world would remain a secret for all of eternity.



Chapter 258

It would be a lie if he said that he wasn’t worried about his father’s safety, but the people he had to protect wasn’t limited to just his father alone. He went around the world once more to clean up any newly generated monsters while searching for the figure of his father and any records of him, but Ilhan decided to give up after he came up with nothing.

“He should be fine. If it’s his faint presence, I’m sure of it!”

“That makes me sad too so let’s not talk about faint presences, okay?”

The next destination was Ya’umin, where his mother should be. So he immediately……

“Hm?”

Yu IlHan, who was checking the Record skill, suddenly tilted his head. Liera’s head tilted along with his.

“What is it, IlHan?”

“No, the world mother has been to was definitely……”

The name of the world Kim YeSeul had been to was Ya’umin. If he acquired any object related to her, he could extract her records and head to Ya’umin, and had done so beforehand.

“Then you just need to go, don’t you?”

“Well, the thing is.”

The problem was that there were records of two worlds.

After hearing that, Liera asked with her mouth wide open.

“Two?”

“Two.”

One was definitely a world called Ya’umin. He could find records of other people from earth having been there. The problem was the remaining one – there were no records of anyone else other than Kim YeSeul having been there. That was definitely strange.

“……Why are your parents so extraordinary?”

“That’s what I want to ask, you ex-angel. Just how hard did you screw up your work such that my mother has been to two worlds?”

“There’s no way that’s possible. I’ve said this before, but one person was assigned only one world. If we could send a person to two worlds, there’s no reason for you to be dropped out on Earth anyway.”

Yu IlHan sighed a lot and thought about it, before finally coming to a conclusion.

“We can only go to both of them.”

“Where are we going first then?”

“Ya’umin. Because I feel like mother won’t be there.”

“I also think that.”

The two’s gazes met and they shrugged their shoulders. Yu IlHan activated warp as soon as he was ready.

Ya’umin was a world that developed very slowly, and although the period of time that had passed after it came into contact with mana was hundreds of years greater than that of Earth, it was a world that had only experienced two Great Cataclysms. Tens of people from Earth were living a relatively peaceful life along with the residents of this world.

“There, a troll is going your way!”

“Don’t let it go, get it! Wait, what are you doing in the trap!”

“I didn’t expect anything from that granny anyway. Hold! Hold!”

Take a few hundred years off the development level of Heishia that they had just been to and it would probably be similar to this scene, give or take a few years.

The civilization was close to that of the middle ages, and the administration system was centered around castles and cities; the majority of the monsters were trapped in dungeons without being able to escape, and the few that did were cleared by the active adventurers and mercenaries – This was a peaceful world. Liera was touched upon seeing such a world.

“Yes, this is the ideal world I’ve dreamed of. I wish Earth was like this too. The Heaven’s Army should have been aiming for this!’

“After seeing this, Earth feels like a post-apocalypse setting.”

“Hing.”

Liera’s eyes became dampened once she thought about when she first became an angel. In truth, what she had experienced after becoming an angel was neither clean nor beautiful, and the battle with the other higher existence factions were very annoying and difficult…… but even so, the Heaven’s Army she had dreamed of, was an organization that fought to make these kinds of worlds.

“Does God really exist? What is he thinking? ……Does he not care at all about what happens to humans? …… All these questions aren’t allowed to me who chose one while abandoning all the others, right?”

“…….”

Yu IlHan silently grabbed Liera’s hand. In fact, Liera was more important to him than anyone else could be, so he could not say anything to her.

Understanding what he was thinking, Liera also grabbed his hand back. The two stayed still like that for a moment while watching the humans work together to hunt a troll.

Yu IlHan watched as the party successfully hunted the troll and returned with the remains, before he started looking through the world in search of the records of his mother. And he found them too easily.

“Ooh, mom was here until just 3 years ago.”

“By 3 years do you mean.”

“Yep.”

The moment Earth had expelled all the other humans.

“Do you know what’s more interesting?”

“Every time you say ‘interesting’ it is followed by a headache…… anyway, go on?”

“When mom first came over to this world, she didn’t come from Earth but from another world.”

“Is your mother a higher existence?”

“No, she’s a lower existence alright. At least until 3 years ago.”

Yu IlHan understood what Liera was trying to ask. However, the ‘interesting’ bit hadn’t appeared yet.

“It looks like she came over here using an artifact, and it seems like that artifact is from none other than the Garden of Sunset.”

“By ‘that artifact’, do you mean?”

“Yup.”

Yu IlHan took out the transceiver that Lecidna had left behind and made a small smile.

“It looks like the item is the same one as this.”

“……”

Yu IlHan was smiling right now, what would he be thinking on the inside? – Liera couldn’t hide her worry and asked him.

“What are you going to do?”

“I’m going to look for mom. Find her, and ask her.”

“Ask her…… then what?”

“……*Sigh*. It will be a pain if mom’s cooperating with the Garden of Sunset for real.”

The Garden of Sunset were a really annoying bunch. He didn’t know what they were doing nor did he know in what way they planned to carry it out. He never thought that his mother would be caught up in the works between higher existence factions, and this was a painful surprise attack for him.

“IlHan, as you know, just because someone is in a faction doesn’t mean that all of them have the same mindset. Look at me and Erta for example, we were both from the Heaven’s Army. Perhaps the member of the Garden of Sunset your mother has met might be a good guy.”

“I hope so. ……Anyway, I hope she’s safe.”

Yu IlHan looked at all the beings and records of the world Ya’umin before he left, but he could not find any more traces of those belonging to the Garden of Sunset. Although he did acquire some records, that was it. The member of the Garden of Sunset that lead Kim YeSeul to this world did not do anything special and had left. It was as if that guy’s objective was to solely bring her here.

“Okay, then let’s go to the second world.”

“Yeah.”

Yu IlHan resolved himself and activated the Warp skill again. The skill activates successfully and brought them to a new world.

That place, in one word, was ‘chaos’.

[New wanderers have come.]

[Oh my, you’re right. Were these people lost in their path too?]

[Wait, I feel a familiar aura from one child.]

The world they arrived on had no differentiation between the sky and the ground, between the sea and the land, and between life and death. This kind of world would neither progress nor regress. It just cycled endlessly, and halted endlessly! 

[Where did you come from?]

[From where did you come?]

Ones with fluid bodies that glowed half-translucently, by Earthen standards, these being would be called ‘spirits’ or ‘elementals’ – they, flew over to the two and asked. Yu IlHan looked at the world glowing in countless colors and spoke in a low voice.

“I’m Yu IlHan. I’m from Earth. Is the person by the name ‘Kim YeSeul’ In this place?”

[So that’s it. He is YeSeul’s son.]

[He is full of chaos. Oh my, he has the blood of the Garden of Sunset on him as well.]

[Moreover, he’s still a lower existence.]

[Quite an interesting being. I’ll answer you. YeSeul is indeed here.]

More spirits flew over and played pranks while flying around Yu IlHan and Liera. Yu IlHan first activated the Record skill in attempt to absorb all the information about his surroundings. As all of them were records he had come into contact to for the first time, the skill rose by about 5 levels at once.

[He’s looking through us.]

[He is the Fifth.]

[He is the one that shall become the Fifth God.]

Yu IlHan couldn’t hold back and ended up asking them.

“I think you mean that I’ll make the fifth higher existence faction, but why do you judge it as so?”

[The succubus that is with you shall kindly answer if you ask her.]

“What!? Oh, you have her thought-soul!”

“Ah, yeah, I do, but…….”

He did indeed possess a thought-soul of a succubus, if they were referring to the one that was still annoying him even after she had died. Perhaps due to mastering Death Collector, he could acquire quite a thick portion of the soul. However, he had buried it somewhere deep in his consciousness because he didn’t want to face it.

[Garden of Sunset, Heaven’s Army, Army of Brilliant Light, Destruction Demon Army.]

[The four transcenders have formed a balance, but you shall become the fifth.]

[You who has fulfilled all the requirements; requirements too numerous to be listed out.]

[The balance will crumble, and there will be a huge war.]

“I do want to become a higher existence, but…… a war you say.”

Yu IlHan shrugged his shoulders. He only wanted to live in peace. It was just that, if the previous him would be satisfied with living alone peacefully, the current him just had a little more people inside the boundaries of his fences.

“But doesn’t that mean that it’s pretty much guaranteed that IlHan can become a higher existence? I’m a little reassured now!”

“Good, Liera. I’ll learn from your positive attitude and let go of all my worries from now.”

He wasn’t the type to hesitate walking forward because of the fear of an obstacle. Whether it was a war or the fifth faction, he only had to think about it when the time came. Yu IlHan decided to put an end to his thoughts there.

Right now, what was important was not that, but his mother Kim YeSeul.

[The skill, Record, has become level 62.]

“Found her. Let’s go.”

“Ah, okay.”

[May the blessing of the chaos be with you.]

[YeSeul has stopped along with the world. Please take her out with you.]

The spirits didn’t follow him and threw words that sounded like both a curse and a blessing. Yu IlHan did not reply to them and hurried on his way.

This size of this world was difficult to grasp, and it was also very hard to differentiate between paths and non-paths. The two went across the skies as if walking on land, and when they lost the track of time, they could finally arrive at the place where differentiation between matter was evident.

“Ah, that place.”

“Yes.”

At that place was Yu IlHan’s mother, Kim YeSeul. She was sitting on top of a rock, staring at the surface of the water while controlling her mana, and according to the movements of the mana, the bubbles of water above the surface moved according to different speeds.

“Oh my.”

However, the moment Kim YeSeul noticed the presences of Yu IlHan and Liera, the water bubbles lost their force and fell down to the surface of the water.

“I was found.”

“I’m glad that you’re safe. Mom.”

Looking at Kim YeSeul who looked like she had become younger by about five years or so, Yu IlHan made a bitter smile. People say that the more you know, the more you see, and it seemed that it was true. Before, he thought that his mother was not 4th class yet, but looking at things now, that was an absurd statement.

“My son, you’ve become tremendously stronger in the meantime.”

“Were you in this state the whole time?”

“Well, apparently so.…… My growth stopped long time ago. After that, I keep hitting loops like this.”

Kim YeSeul made an awkward smile and shrugged her shoulders. Yu IlHan could only smile in return.

She was a 4th class at level 299.



Chapter 259

“Oh my, the angel is no longer an angel.”

“But I’ve gotten your son instead.”

“My, my.”

Liera put her arm around Yu IlHan’s and declared firmly as Kim YeSeul’s eyes shined.

“I had a hunch it would come to this.”

“Jeez, you should have told me before then.”

Yu IlHan grumbled, but did not shake Liera off. Kim YeSeul’s smile became thicker.

“Then should I expect the second grandson soon?”

“I’ll try!”

Liera tapped her ample breasts as if to say ‘leave it to me’. Yu IlHan changed topics from this embarrassing chain of events with a sigh.

“So mom, I can ask you what happened to you until now, right?”

“Of course, my son. Instead…… talk about yourself to mom, alright? Everything that happened to you.”

“Yeah.”

Right now, there was no need to hide it anymore. Kim YeSeul looked at her son’s unshaken eyes and let out a small smile before speaking.

“Yes, then…… I should talk about how I first came to this world.”

“Did mom come here when the people of Earth were sent to numerous other worlds in preparation for the Great Cataclysm?”

“Yes. Mom calls this place the ‘Model Garden’.”

“And you came here alone?”

“Yes. Alone.”

Kim YeSeul pointed at the objects in her surroundings and spoke.

“Do you know how panicked I was? I couldn’t even see properly, nor did I know where this place was. I couldn’t even tell if I was sitting, standing or lying down. When I was dropped in such a world, there were horrifying monsters, though, they’re not here anymore. They couldn’t hurt your mom at all though.”

It was as if the people and the monsters native to that world could not hurt the people of Earth due to the contract with the Heaven’s Army. However, this shouldn’t have been the case here. This world, the ‘Model Garden’, was devoid of any records of the Heaven’s Army.

Instead, he could feel the aura of the Garden of Sunset. In other words, the Model Garden was a world under the management of the Garden of Sunset.

“All that mom could do was to breathe. It was good that I did not become hungry no matter how much time passed. And when some more time passed…… Oh, did you meet the spirits of this place?”

“Yeah.”

“Yes. They became mom’s friends. The reason I could feel mana was all thanks to them as well.”

After first feeling mana and becoming able to wield it, Kim YeSeul did not count the flow of time and focused on training in mana. In fact, she couldn’t do anything else but that.

There were no teachers to teach her magic, so all she could do was to emit mana and roll it around in space, and ironically, that allowed her to learn the magic related to space-time.

“That means……”

“Oh, you found out already?”

Kim YeSeul pointed at the surface of the ware. The water bubbles that she was handling with mana before, the water bubbles that should have fallen to the surface and be merged with the water were maintaining their form as if they were solid, and were rolling on top of the surface.

“Everything in the Model Garden is halted. Whether it’s time, or space. Trying to forcefully move mana inside it allowed me to naturally develop the abilities to manipulate them.”

“That shouldn’t be as easy as you say. Your talent must be amazing.”

“Fufu, I’m not so sure about that. Anyway, I learnt magic like that. Following that.”

Excluding the fact that he couldn’t train to become able to wield mana, what she had experienced was very similar to what Yu IlHan himself had experienced. Yu IlHan licked his lips in search of something to say, but couldn’t say anything. No one could measure another’s pain. Kim YeSeul smiled slightly as if she understood him and continued speaking.

“How long has it been since I started training magic? Anyway, I then had the confidence to win against the monsters in the Model Garden. At that time, the spirits requested that I follow them for the first time, and I erased the monsters along with them. It was an endlessly long fight, but they couldn’t harm me. Mom could only win.”

“And that’s how your level rose?”

The three in this place were all at level 299, but Yu IlHan had reached that level through killing numerous higher existences to the point that even he himself thought he was OP, while Liera had broken through her limits after a long period of training. However, there was no way they could just accept it with ‘Oh that’s what happened’, just because they were told that Kim YeSeul’s level was 299.

“It did. It did a lot. The last one just allowed me to get to level 299.”

“Just how many did you kill?”

“Like I said last time, I did not bother counting their numbers while fighting, nor did I bother counting the time. Just remembering is a little painful.”

And at the end.

“The spirits gave mom a present. Son, you’ve heard about the Garden of Sunset, right?”

“Yeah.”

“It was an artifact that allowed me to come into contact with them, and go to the world where all the other people of Earth were. Mom used that and could finally go to Ya’umin. And when I did, I saw the ladies of the district.”

When Kim YeSeul escaped the Model Garden and arrived at Ya’umin, the other people of Earth had just arrived in Ya’umin. It was akin to how no time would pass if Yu IlHan spent two months in the barrier created by the Hourglass of Eternity.

Although there was a huge difference in scale, it was definitely something similar to what Yu IlHan and Yumir had experienced while they were apart, had happened to her as well. At the time she realized that her countless years of time was less than an instant, how would she have felt. Yu IlHan couldn’t possibly imagine.

However, her voice was still very calm.

“After that was nothing strange. Magic to conceal my true self was simple. And like that, I’ve hidden my true self and lived there for 10 years. After that, I came to Earth.”

“And the records about you in the Akashic Record were deleted?”

“Just the time I lived in Ya’umin, that is.”

That meant that, Kim YeSeul was level 299 upon the time she returned to Earth. During the Great Cataclysm, the strongest of Earth was not Yu IlHan but his mother!

Yu IlHan became dumbfounded. Let’s leave aside the fact that he may not have noticed since he couldn’t even wield mana at that time……

“Hey, ex-angel.”

“I didn’t know, I really didn’t! I was completely in the dark about this!? I don’t get how I couldn’t know but I didn’t!”

Looking at Liera’s eyes, it seemed that she really didn’t know. Well, this shouldn’t only apply to Liera, but all the other angels dispatched to Earth. Although his faith in the Heaven’s Army had disappeared long time ago, he thought once again that they were not a reliable organization!

Kim YeSeul’s story still had a little bit left.

“And while I was going back and forth to Ya’umin like that, the Garden of Sunset contacted me again.”

“Was it an offer to become 5th class under the Garden of Sunset?”

“No, it was about the magic formation. The magic formation that the Destruction Demon Army and the Army of Brilliant Light schemed with. I’ve got information about those.”

“So they were in it as well……!”

“I’ve heard that I should just open a barrier and hide without ever coming into contact with those formations.”

“Huh?”

Yu IlHan’s head tilted for the first time. Kim YeSeul’s lips had curved into a bitter smile.

“At that time, mom was actually suspicious of the Garden of Sunset. If everything went normally, I would have been with all the other ladies, but somehow, only mom was dropped in this Model Garden. Moreover, I’ve heard that this place was under the jurisdiction of the Garden of Sunset, so it wouldn’t be strange if I thought that all my suffering was because of the Garden of Sunset, right?”

Yu IlHan also thought that.

Of course, he did not know how they snatched Kim YeSeul in the middle and drop her in the Model Garden, nor did he know why their target was Kim YeSeul. Perhaps Yu IlHan and Kim YeSeul really had hidden talents, and the Garden of Sunset had schemed to take the two after knowing that beforehand.

If not, it was also possible Kim YeSeul was dropped in the Model Garden like how Yu IlHan was dropped out on Earth simply because ‘God couldn’t find him’, but the probability of that would be low. No, in fact, Yu IlHan even doubted that his dropout was a ‘mistake’ in the first place.

“And so, I did the opposite. Since you weren’t here, IlHan, I asked MiRae, YuNa, and Mir and started erasing those formations. However, the result was this. Moreover, now I’m back in the Model Garden and not Ya’umin, so…… they gave me the right advice after all.”

It wasn’t just a day or two that they were unable to comprehend what the Garden of Sunset was thinking. Yu IlHan delayed his judgement on whether they wanted something from Kim YeSeul or not. Right now, there was something more important than that.

“……And so, mom. How long have you lived after that?”

She said that time did not flow despite living countless years in the Model garden. Then, now that 3 years had passed and Yu IlHan had come here, how much time did she spend in this place? Is her existence even true?

Kim YeSeul replied with a smile.

“3 years.”

“……Huh?”

“3 years. Son. Mom’s confident in her ability to count time now. As far as I know, it has been exactly 3 years.”

Strength drained from him. No, wait. Yu IlHan also didn’t experience any gap in time after his 1 thousand years of being a dropout, so perhaps this was normal.

Anyway, this was very good. It was very good that Yu IlHan could find his mother like this. It was good that he didn’t take any longer.

“Well, then. Should I hear from you next? Mom has confidence to not be surprised no matter what story you will tell.”

“Well, I do feel that what I’ve experienced is tiny in comparison after hearing you, but……ok, here it goes.”

Yu IlHan thought of something while speaking. This was the first time he spoke about his millennium dropout period. And in such a strange place as well, to his mom who looked to be about in her mid-twenties too…… he made a bitter smile.

“I didn’t fall somewhere strange, but rather was left alone on Earth……”

Yu IlHan compressed his story as much as he could. About four chapters of worth if it was written. However, that was enough for Kim YeSeul to understand about him. What the two have experienced, in the end, were similar.

“So that’s what happened. My son, you’ve suffered a lot.”

Yu IlHan thought that what Kim YeSeul had experienced would be even more harsh than him, but Kim YeSeul thought the opposite. Yu IlHan looked at Kim YeSeul’s eyes becoming red and hurriedly added.

“I’ve said this from the beginning, but I wasn’t alone. Lita…… Liera was there with me.”

“Dear, dear…… you’ve suffered, haven’t you. My baby.”

Since she heard all of Yu IlHan’s story, she should realize that he had lived for over a thousand years. However, Kim YeSeul did not care about that and embraced him.

“Mom…….”

Although the scene was very strange on the outside, Yu IlHan felt like a heavy load being lifted off him when he was embraced by his mother.

“Yeah……. It was hard.”

“Yes, yes.”

Yu IlHan stayed in Kim YeSeul’s embrace. He was laughing and crying at the same time and even he thought it was weird.

“Here, you come here too, my other child.”

“Uh, me? But I……”

“Just come.”

“Ok.”

Even Liera ended up in Kim YeSeul’s arms. How long had it been since she had forgotten about the existence of a mother? Liera felt the wonderful feeling of motherly love after a long time. She subconsciously relaxed.

In the unflowing world where space and time had stopped, the three stayed still like that for quite a while.



Chapter 260

When enough time passed for the three of them to calm down, Kim YeSeul finally asked about her husband.

“And you couldn’t find him?”

“Yeah, not even a trace. I did clean up the monsters in that world though, to be safe.”

“That man, he even hid from his son. I had such a painful time while we were dating too……”

Kim YeSeul spoke in longing. Even though it was not an optimistic situation, she made Yu IlHan nervous as well.

“It should be fine. That man isn’t one that would die somewhere unknown. He’ll appear like nothing had happened once the seal on Earth is dispelled, so don’t worry.”

“I am really curious about where you get your confidence from, but…… okay. Let’s go back to Earth then.”

“Yes, let’s do that. Though, I’m quite amazed that you can just return with me like that.”

She had heard about the long period of time he had to spend on Earth, she had heard about the things he had experienced as well. However, despite that, she still could not believe the realm Yu IlHan was currently at. Kim YeSeul thought that that was the difference in talent.

“IlHan will open his way to being a higher existence soon, so you…… um, mother can also join the faction then!”

“It’ll be great if that were so.”

At that time, Yu IlHan looked back at Kim YeSeul and spoke.

“Mom, I do not think that there is a need for you to fight as well. Not all strong people have to fight, and I also became this strong while I fought for survival……”

“IlHan, mom can judge that much.”

Kim YeSeul gave a smack on his forehead and spoke playfully.

“How can this mom be left out when her son is suffering? Son, you do your own thing. I’ll just follow you all by myself.”

“Ugh.”

Kim YeSeul’s stubbornness was quite strong – to the point that Yu IlHan’s own stubbornness could be said to come from her as well. He felt stifled because he couldn’t express all his emotions that he wanted to put across to his mother, but Kim YeSeul even understood those feelings of his as well.

“I heard you’ve got a lot of friends now? I want to see them soon.”

“Yes, they’re all ‘friends’.”

Spoke Liera as if to declare. However, where did Yu IlHan’s quick-wittedness come from? Kim YeSeul immediately realized the things Liera wanted to hide and her eyes glistened.

“Really? So there are more ‘girls’ that are ‘still’ ‘friends’ ‘for now’?”

“You just called me your child though, mother!”

“My new child. My son is going to become an amazing man, and amazing people need more people to support him. Let’s go see them. Quickly.”

Liera became dejected and Kim YeSeul became delusional, while Liera put the three inside his range of his skill and activated Warp. As if they noticed their leaving, the spirits appeared by crossing through space.

[Our precious friend YeSeul. May you never come to this place again.]

[May you be happy, may you proceed forward.]

[The movements of the Garden of Sunset are strange. They are those that can become allies, or enemies. However, they are more dangerous when they’re allies than when they’re enemies. Remember this.]

“My precious friends, I shall not forget you.”

Kim YeSeul nodded her head deeply to the ones that were with her for eons. The next moment, Yu IlHan’s skill activated and moved the three to Earth.

“Ah, he’s back!”

“Mr. IlHaaan!”

The ones that were waiting for Yu IlHan to come back reacted all at once. The most surprising was Na Yuna’s, and the moment she noticed Kim YeSeul was with him, she immediately ran into her arms.

“Mother, I wanted to see you~!”

“Yes, so you’re the second?”

“Yes, I’m the second~!”

Kim YeSeul’s forehead was filled with cold sweat after hearing Na YuNa’s reply that contained not the slightest bit of hesitation.

“I didn’t know that you’d admit it so openly without considering pride or whatnot. My son is really blessed.”

“It’s because he is capable!”

Na Yuna’s body emitted a charming fragrance as she smiled flawlessly. It was not a perfume, but was a fragrance from condensed mana. Yu IlHan immediately realized.

“It seems like you really did get your 4th class in that short amount of time.”

“Hehe, aren’t I good?”

Na YuNa was currently filled with confidence. With acquiring 4th class, her status and skills would have changed dramatically, so it was not strange that she felt so high. Yu IlHan asked lightly to Na YuNa who was looking straight up to him after leaving Kim YeSeul’s arm.

“Then what’s your current level?”

“It shot up after I got 4th class and it’s 279 now~.”

“Wao.”

The one with the most contribution after Yu IlHan in this war in Dareu was neither Liera nor Yumir but Na YuNa. She managed the two holy regions in the two fortresses and gave blessings to all the ones in the region – wide-area buff – and she was also the only one that was in a party with every one of those members.

The amount of experience she had earned was naturally the second largest after Yu IlHan, and now that she had acquired 4th class, she was now very close to level 280. She had not only acquire her subclass, but had an 80 level increase as well and the mana in her possession increased drastically, and her already strong holy power was now capable of surprising even higher existences.

“The people of Earth really aren’t normal. The probability of IlHan and Na YuNa being born within the sme world must be absurd.”

“Please praise me more, unni! More!”

“But now, I’m going to deliver the punishment.”

“Ugyaaak.”

Na YuNa was bullied by Liera after exposing her desires. Everyone left the two alone. Liera’s punishment was truly evil in the sense that the ones punished were in for an extreme amount of pain, but the two looked very close on the outside.

“I’m Erta. I have greeted you in another form once before, but right now, I’m a human as well.”

“Oh my, the third?”

“I don’t get what you’re saying.”

Meanwhile, Erta properly introduced herself to Kim YeSeul. Unlike the foolish-looking Na YuNa, she acted very composed, but she could not deceive Kim YeSeul. She made a smile while looking at Erta’s thick green eyes.

“Yes, please take care of me from now on.”

“……Likewise.”

“But I think I saw another angel before. Where is she now?”

Kim YeSeul’s words made the atmosphere freeze for a little. Erta looked at Yu IlHan for a moment, and he nodded his head without hesitation. He could not hide things from his mother.

“She has died. She had different views from us, and after a fight…… Yu IlHan killed her.”

“Oh my.”

Erta’s honest reply made Kim YeSeul unable to speak for a little. An otherwise insignificant

question had given her the worst possible answer.

“You may experience this a lot if you are with us. Yu IlHan is not the pure and naive little child you think he once was. I think I should tell you this beforehand.”

“……I know that much. He couldn’t have saved all of these people if he lived so kindly.”

Kim YeSeul looked at her son. She licked her lips as if to say something, and she ended up nodding her head.

“You cannot return to your current self once you die, son. Please remember that.”

“Yes. I’ll keep that in mind.”

“Yes, that’s fine.”

The two ended their conversation here. In the world that was transformed into a mess, they could not live with the thoughts of a 21st century person. Right now, this should be fine.

“G, greetings! I’m master’s loyal servant Ericia.”

Ericia appeared as soon as the conversation ended. The silver ears on her head was folded politely, and looking at her, Kim YeSeul’s eyes widened once again.

“Oh my, I’m not such a great person for all this politeness…”

“I’m His Majesty’s……”

With Ericia as the beginning, Yu IlHan’s companions and subordinates all nodded towards Kim YeSeul’s head. Kim YeSeul could finally feel that her loner son had actually changed a lot. Of course, what surprised her the most was the Dragon’s Army lead by Yumir.

“Whoaa!”

“Oh my.”

“It’s a pretty noona.”

“Hi noona!”

“My, my. So many cute little kids……”

Kim YeSeul knew that these were the last survivors of the children who were born after the Great Cataclysm, also known as newtypes, as she heard from Yu IlHan. So, she couldn’t honestly be happy about this situation.

How many lives had been lost for them to stand here currently? How much pain and suffering was there? Just imagining it made her heart ache.

“Come here. Let me give you all a hug once.”

“Yeah!”

“Ehihi.”

However, she couldn’t really cry when the children were in front of her were all smiling brightly. She hugged each and every one of the children that neared 8,000 in number, with a smile.

“Everyone is strong and feeling confident. Mir has tried his best.”

“Yes, grandma. I did well, didn’t I?”

“Of course, you did. As expected of my grandson.”

“Wow, she’s the hero’s grandma!”

“Amazing!”

The children rejoiced when they heard that she had the same blood as him and was embraced by Kim YeSeul. Yu IlHan watched that scene and was relieved on the inside.

Although they followed Yu IlHan and Yumir, the emotional qualities of the two could not be considered normal. Perhaps Kim YeSeul would be able to fill the void which was left in the children’s hearts. He honestly wished that it would become as such.

“Sir Yu IlHan.”

Leaving them to their touching moments, Kang HaJin checked with Yu IlHan.

“What are you planning to do now?”

“We need to go find Miss MiRae. You wanted that answer right?”

“Uh…… I’m sorry to sound like I’m urging you to.”

“It’s fine. She’s my friend as well. Though, I do want to make some equipment since I have a lot of materials to use……”

Yu IlHan checked the status of the Hourglass of Eternity in his inventory. Although a lot of things happened and felt like three months had passed since he last left the barrier, it hadn’t even been ten days.

“I’ll have plenty of time to do that in the Hourglass of Eternity. I now know that something disastrous may happen if I slack around, I’m planning to focus on the people now.”

“……Thanks. You’re a great person.”

“I’m also thankful. You are the only conscient person in our team.”

“So you do know that… Though, the ‘sole conscience’ does sound pretty sad……”

The two exchanged bitter smiles. Then, he turned around.

“Then should we depart then.”

“I’m looking forward to MiRae’s surprised face when we she sees us.”

Yu IlHan headed to the mansion with big steps, but suddenly stopped midway. Liera, Na Yuna, Kang HaJin, the elves, the wolfkin, as well as the Dragon’s Army and Kim YeSeul all focused their attention on him.

He spoke.

Before that, should we have a meal?”

***

Lanpas prospered with the development of magic, which was overwhelming compared to numerous other worlds. And at the center, Palladia, something that could be called landscape-changing was happening.

[You have achieved a miracle that all beings in the world cannot believe. You have pioneered a new realm of the Akashic Record, and has earned the qualifications to become a mage of the 4th class.]

[From now, you will pioneer the realm of mystery, unknown to anyone. No one knows what kind of place you will arrive at after you experience countless trials and difficulties. The god of magic bestows a blessing on you. All mana used in magic decreases by half, and once a month, you may recover all your consumed mana.]

“M, MiRae.”

The empress of the empire, Irma An Ill’ta, spoke with a trembling voice. Despite her age nearing thirties, her face was flawless without a wrinkle, and was currently colored in shock, and looked as if she was ten years older.

“Just what did you do?”

A faint blue gate was floating on one side of the room. The one that made it, Kang MiRae, had glistening eyes as she let out a smile while speaking.

“It looks like I can go meet Mr. IlHan now.”



Chapter 261

Lanpas, even after all those years had passed, was as lively as ever. Yu IlHan and the others slowly flew through the airs of the Palladian Empire on the two fortresses.

“It’s good that nothing happened here.”

Yu IlHan muttered just as shivers ran down in his spine. Something always happened in manga or novels when this line was said! However, Liera calmed him down from the side.

“If universe-shaking things happen wherever we go, there’s no way this world was maintained like this until now.” 

“But with Yu IlHan here, I’m not sure what might happen.”

Erta reacted with a voice full of worry. She thought that if Yu IlHan, who was at odds with all the existing higher existence factions right now, started something big for real, the angels in charge of this world would be the first ones to react sensitively.

However, it was Yu IlHan this time that sniggered and shook his head.

“Oh, it’s fine. They can’t do anything. I can speak from experience of having hung out with them for over a thousand years, so you can trust me.”

“My beloved honey, can we have a little talk over there?”

“……Wait.”

Yu IlHan pushed back Liera who was trying to head-lock him and pointed somewhere. Liera thought she would purposely get deceived and turned around her head, when she was shocked by the pillar of light shooting out from one part of the imperial capital.

“Something did happen as soon as Ilhan arrived!”

“Hey! That’s not my fault! Dammit, I knew it felt too serene!”

He was done in even while knowing that he had foreshadowed. This was disgraceful and greatly besmirched his reputation as a foreshadow meister. Yu IlHan bit his lips while emitting his own mana to imbue into the Flying fortress.

“Mystic, hurry! Maximum speed!”

[I’ll do it even if you didn’t tell me to!]

The two fortresses sped up immediately. With Na YuNa’s blessing, the two left a trail of white light in the air. The pillar of light was now starting to dissipate, but Yu IlHan knew exactly where that place was. It was none other than the imperial castle of Palladia!

“I think this is Miss MiRae……”

“Don’t say it since anything you say will be a foreshadow, IlHan.”

“Sheesh. How am I going to live on like this?”

The Flying fortress suddenly stopped in the air. At that moment, Yu IlHan extended his Ruin Calling without any hesitation and jumped down from the Flying fortress. Right now, there was no need to maintain concealment.

“Mr. Ilhan!?”

At that moment a balcony on the west of the castle opened and Kang MiRae rushed out. Looking at her, who now had an even more mystic aura around her after a few years, Yu IlHan realized that she had entered 4th class and stopped right in front of her.

“It’s been a while.”

“How can this be? Are you really the Mr. Yu IlHan? I just completed a method to go meet you right now……”

“Coming to meet me? How can you……”

Yu IlHan was about to ask but then saw the state of the room beyond the balcony. A mysterious current of mana was raging inside, and in the middle was a vortex of blackish-blue current of mana that lead to an unknown place.

“……?”

He immediately realized the identity of that vortex. Once, those vortices appeared on Earth in a huge scale. However, he did not know why they existed inside Kang MiRae’s room.

Although he didn’t think this was true, did Lanpas start walking on the same development path as Earth? Or did Kang MiRae make that thing? In whichever case, it still did not make any sense.

“Miss MiRae, that is……”

“Mr. IlHan, it really is you……”

However, the one with the ability to answer that question, Kang MiRae, seemed to have a hard time believing that he was here, and only looked at his face.

“Oh, my, how amazing. Did you make this with your power alone, MiRae?”

“Mother too!?”

Kim YeSeul, who appeared a step behind Yu IlHan exclaimed after looking at the vortex inside the room. Looking at her who was flying in the air leisurely, as expected of a mage that manipulated space, Kang MiRae took a step back when some uninvited guests appeared as well.

[Don’t tell me this is the place…… that means a human really, Mm!?]

A pair of white feathery wings behind the back, as well as a luminescent golden halo above the head – this could only refer to one being. The limbs of the Heaven’s Army, an angel, had finally shown himself here.

Even though Yu IlHan hadn’t done anything!

[I, I never thought you’d be so daring as to walk around in other worlds, Yu IlHan.]

“You’re a 5th class right? To think my name was even to the mobs like you, I did become somewhat famous I guess.”

Although Yu IlHan didn’t know why the male angel had come to find Kang MiRae, the male angel shivered slightly after looking at Yu IlHan and took a step back. Fear of Yu IlHan filled his eyes. Along with the trembling body, his voice also started to tremble.

[What do you mean mob. You’re very rude to an angel of the Heaven’s A-a-army!]

“Hmph.”

All higher existences belonging to a faction can only utilize their powers on a lower world solely in order to protect themselves. Meaning, they could only counteract after being hit.

Although this shouldn’t be a problem normally since there is no way a lower existence could harm a higher existence first, but Yu IlHan was a super beast that can disintegrate not only 5th classes but a 6th class as well! The angel had actually done well to not run away after seeing him.

Well, the pride that he was once at the top of his own world made him stay.

[Wh, why are you here?]

“……”

Yu IlHan pondered. Not about whether he should talk about his objective or not, but whether to kill him or not. However, he came to a conclusion that there was no need to kill him unless he attacked first.

Although he killed all of the higher existences in Dareu as they were considered enemies, this place was not Dareu. Moreover, if he went around killing the angels just because he didn’t like the Heaven’s Army, the balance of the world will be broken.

Of course, it did frustrate him that Heaven had abandoned Earth. He was also enraged when they offered him an alliance so shamelessly after all they had done. He still thought that his rage towards Spiera was justified.

However, it wasn’t like all angels knew of this fact, and amongst them were probably angels that were doing their jobs for pure intentions like how Liera once was. For example, this angel in front of him.

“……Fine, then.”

Yu IlHan didn’t take out his weapon. Of course, the Heaven’s Army was potentially his enemy. He would not go looking for angels to kill – this was his decision.

“I came to find my friend, and I found her. I’m going to leave with her if she wishes so, did that answer you?”

[By friend…… you mean this woman?]

“Yes?”

[I, is that so?]

For some reason, the angel started to sweat profusely after hearing Yu IlHan’s answer. Yu IlHan’s glare at him strengthened. Now, it was Kang MiRae’s turn to be confused.

Didn’t Yu IlHan give off the feeling that he was close to the Heaven’s Army since he had angels by his side all the time? Why do they feel so hostile now? In retrospect, she couldn’t see the angels that were usually by his side, but did something bad happen to them?

She would be sad since she had a debt of gratitude towards them. However, that meant that his ‘side’ would be empty, and there would be a chance for her as well? Why did she think of such horrible and disgusting thoughts first? Was she such a bad person? But despite that, she could not hold herself back from her heart pounding whenever she thought that she could stand by his side.

Perhaps the implication behind him coming to find her before she could go to him, meant that he wanted to meet her? If so, if that was really the case……!

Countless doubts and dubious emotions raged inside Kang MiRae’s heart and lead her to a state of confusion, when something made her come to herself immediately. Mystic had judged that Yu IlHan and Kim YeSeul were taking too long and dispelled the concealment.

“Whoa!”

[Whoa!]

“MiRaeee!”

“*Sigh*.”

And Na YuNa who jumped down even though she didn’t have the ability to fly! Yu IlHan sighed and caught her in the air. Na YuNa, who went into Yu IlHan’s arms like a princess falling into the arms of the prince, giggled and waved her hand towards Kang MiRae.

“I wanted to see you, MiRae!”

“……Did you want to see me, or did you just want to be in Mr. IlHan’s arms?”

“The former weighs sliiightly more!”

Although it was very like her to not deny the latter…… Kang MiRae only made a vain laugh. The pink-colored hope and dreams inside her had all burst.

The fact that Na YuNa was here as well meant that Yu IlHan was just going around collecting companions, and also meant that she was later in priority than her…… And here, she even developed magic to leap through dimensions just to meet Yu IlHan once more!

Right now, she felt like crying in an unknown dimension somewhere. Seeing her, Na YuNa consoled her.

“I get what you’re thinking but it’s not like that, MiRae. I sent an SOS to Mr. IlHan in the first place. That’s why he came to meet me first, it’s not like you were later in priority or anything!”

“Yes, that consoles me sooo much. …… And so? Did everything work out well? How about big brother?”

Kang MiRae worried for her brother’s safety even while thinking that Na YuNa was hateful. Na YuNa made a smile and nodded her head.

“Everything went well and HaJin-oppa is safe as well. Although he was mentally shocked in the process, but the results are fine! But what is that frightening vortex inside the room?”

[Yes, the vortex! The gate to leap dimensions!]

The angel, that had shrunk from the presences of the frightening combination of Yu IlHan, Kim YeSeul and Na YuNa, suddenly raised his voice.

[We need that power! The Heaven’s Army is in dire straits right now!]

“Oh, ok. That’s not my problem, but I’m not sure it’s wrong to bring a lower existence to a battlefield where higher existences are fighting. What do you think Miss Mi-“

Yu IlHan turned around to Kang MiRae to ask what she thought but was surprised. He thought she was conversing with Na YuNa, but her eyes were still fixated on him.

“Miss, Miss MiRae?”

“Oh, I’m sorry. I still can’t believe that Mr. IlHan is in front of me……”

“……”

Very uneasy.

What was uneasy, was that – although he thought this wouldn’t make any sense, but still – she might have a feeling of attraction towards him, just in a very high order of magnitude. If something happened once, it may not happen again, but if something happened twice, it will definitely happen again, no?

Na YuNa in his arms looked up towards him with warm eyes. As if saying ‘you’re right’ which made Yu IlHan very uneasy and made him ignore her gaze and asked Kang MiRae once again.

“What do you think, Miss MiRae? This angel seems to be in need of your power.”

“I……”

[Yes, human, please! This is an opportunity to give the Heaven’s Army a massive grace!]

Kang MiRae spoke with the brightest smile she could make.

“I have obtained this power in order to meet Mr. IlHan. So…… I want to use it for Mr. IlHan as well.”

[……Ooh, shit.]

The angel sighed. Yu IlHan wanted to sigh as well.

“Fufu, it looks like my blood is thicker in my son’s blood.”

Only Kim YeSeul, who had set her sights on the ‘fourth candidate’, had a bright smile.




Chapter 262

Kang MiRae asked Yu IlHan straight to the face.

“What do you think, Mr. IlHan? As I see it, the relationship between you and the Heaven’s Army doesn’t seem to be the same before. Did you escape the relationship of unconditionally lending your strength to them?”

“You can think of it that way. Right now, I do not think that I should help them while putting you in danger.”

Smelling thick despair from their conversation, the angel shouted hurriedly.

[We really are in a serious situation! The very existence of the Heaven’s Army is in crisis at this moment! I do not know why you bear such hostility to us of the Heaven’s Army? But if the Destruction Demon Army takes over a portion of our world, then things would become irreversible!]

“I get that Miss MiRae did something incredible…… but her powers can affect so much of your fight?”

[That’s natural!…… Can you wait a little moment? It looks like someone with more authority than me will be coming here directly.]

Looking at the ring above the angel’s head flashing, it seemed like signals were being transmitted back and forth. Yu IlHan looked at his surroundings, and shook his head after seeing the citizens of the imperial capital staring at the Flying fortress that seemed to have appeared after the pillar of light had disappeared.

“Then let’s switch locations first.”

“Yes. Then……”

When Kang MiRae shook her hand, the current of mana raging inside the room was sucked back into her. It was as if countless stars were moving according to the flow of the galaxy.

“Wao.”

“Really a beautiful flow of mana. I cannot utilize mana in such a way……”

“Miss MiRae is a genius. ……But that’s really amazing.”

A portion of the countless particles of mana glowing in blue, black, red, or even yellow were absorbed back into her body, and the rest floated around her as if to protect her. Looking at such a scene, they could only smile. A single act allowed her to do what many higher existences couldn’t.

With so many amazing people around them, it was no wonder that higher existences looked relatively puny to them! Even the angel that was seeing all this had become dumbstruck.

They thought they just had to switch locations now, but she suddenly bowed towards the room.

“Your Majesty, thank you for everything until now.”

“……I know you’d try to leave like that.”

Although there were many great auras in the room and hers was hidden behind many, the empress of the empire, Irma An Ill’ta was still inside the room. Although there was some dust on her dress as she had fallen due to the berserk mana in the room, Yu IlHan decided to pretend not to know about it.

“This, take it.”

“Ah, Your Majesty?”

She made a bitter smile after her eyes met Yu IlHan’s, and threw the item in her hand towards Kang MiRae. Kang MiRae utilized her mana swirling around and softly caught it with her hand.

“This is……?”

It was a small container, and when she opened it, there were two high-class rings in there. Kang MiRae’s eyes widened when the empress spoke while scratching her head.

“Although that’s nothing in comparison to the artifacts that sir Yu IlHan makes…… that’s the treasure of the empire containing the essence of all the empire, and has been passed down from generation to generation within the empire. You can put it on without considering the artifact equip limit so do make sure to share one with sir Yu IlHan.”

“Your Majesty……”

There’s no way she didn’t know what this meant. Kang MiRae blushed red, and Yu IlHan’s sighs increased. She closed the container and put it inside her bosom and bowed once again.

“I’ll come back sometime.”

“Yes, that’s the farewell I expected. The two of us can meet later in the future, right?”

“Of course.”

“Fufu, then that’s fine. Sir Yu IlHan. I’ll take care of the commotion outside so can you take care of the matter between her and the higher existence?”

“Let us do it that way then.”

Although Yu IlHan thought that she was as playful as ever, it seemed like she had become a lot more mature after becoming the empress. Yu IlHan once again felt the flow of time in somewhere unexpected and made a bitter smile.

“Then farewell.”

Yu IlHan lightly bowed towards Irma An Ill’ta and lead the angel as well as the others to the Flying fortress. The angel could not hide his shock the closer he went to the fortress.

[Just what is this floating fortress…… this does not make any sense. To think you can make such a miracle with such low-grade materials! Just what is up with the people of Earth to surpass history so many times!?]

[Low-grade!? You called a lady low-grade!?]

[It’s a compliment so don’t get so angry.]

Despite Orochi consoling her, Mystic shook her body in rage. She could probably be praised for not activating Hundred Eyes. The angel was shocked once again after seeing that the fortress had sentience, but tried his best to keep a calm expression and told Yu IlHan after landing on the ground.

[She will come soon.]

“Anyone without permission will be attacked when they come close to the fortress so tell her to not enter immediately and wait outside.”

[……I shall.]

The Heaven’s Army already knew that the artifacts of the Flying fortress were plenty effective against higher existences. The angel sweated profusely and told his higher-ups. What would he think if he heard that the two fortresses will be upgraded once again with the remains of numerous higher existences? Of course, not that Yu IlHan would tell him anything.

“Brother, you were safe.”

“MiRae, you too…… you… have changed quite a bit.”

Kang HaJin was surprised after seeing Kang MiRae. Even though the same amount of time had flowed for him and her sister, he hadn’t changed much, while his sister had matured tremendously – that’s what he felt.

This wasn’t only because she had acquired 4th class, she looked very mature whether from her eyes or her attitude. He subconsciously sighed.

“Sir Yu IlHan is amazing alright.”

“Why did I even come out here?”

Even while replying, Yu IlHan had half-guessed the implications behind his words and looked about to cry.

He had a hard time when shaking off Na YuNa, how was he supposed to express his rejection to Kang MiRae? Yu IlHan had little experience being in love, and this moment was like a disaster to him. To think he’d experience such a problem, dammit!

“MiRae-noona, I wanted to see you so much!”

“My Mir, noona wanted to see you as well.”

“Kang MiRae, I see you’ve become a little pretty.”

“Liera…… I’m glad that you’re safe.”

Meanwhile, Kang MiRae, who met the others after coming to the fortress, started chatting with them. The angel’s expression became worse as time went by. It was because he felt that Kang MiRae wasn’t just closely related with Yu IlHan, but had ties to others in his group as well. At that time, the ring above his head flashed.

[Ah, it looks like she’s here.]

[This aura is around 6th class? Master, I don’t have to shoot, right?]

“Yes. Temporary permission granted.”

The doors to the Flying fortress opened, and a female angel with two pairs of wings slowly flew inwards. For Yu IlHan, this was their first time meeting, but Liera’s face shined as if it wasn’t the case for her.

“Titaera!”

[It’s been a while, Liera. No wait. Did your name change now?]

“It’s still the same. Oh, I didn’t know they’d send you here!”

Yu IlHan inwardly put a level of guard down after looking at Liera’s bright face. It seemed like the Heaven’s Army were not idiots, and sent someone who was very close with Liera.

She seemed to smile towards Liera in the greeting before turning her gaze around to Yu IlHan and lightly nodded her head.

[And as for you…… you’re the capable man Yu IlHan who took two of our angels with you.]

“And I killed one too.”

[*Cough*……]

Titaera’s face darkened for a moment, but soon returned to her usual face. Hm, perfect selection of personnel.

[And let’s talk about things now.]

Like that, the table for negotiation was prepared. Yu IlHan, Kang MiRae, Kim YeSeul, Liera, Erta, Titaera, and finally the 5th class angel that first looked for Kang MiRae, Keduta – these 7 sat on their seats.

[Then I shall immediately get on with the topic.]

Titaera came out strong.

[If you help us this time, we’ll forget everything that happened between you, Mr. Yu IlHan, and us, the Heaven’s Army.]

“Does that mean you’ll forget about the fact that you’ve abandoned Earth after negotiating with the other factions just because of your excuse of ‘balance’?”

At that moment, Kang MiRae was about to abruptly stand up, but Kim YeSeul made her sit back down with a calm smile. Liera lowered her head even though she had heard this before. Looking at that, Titaera’s lips trembled.

[……Of course, my opinions weren’t considered in that decision, but that was the only consensus that the Heaven’s Army could come to, and even if I knew that, I would not have disagreed. However…… you have also given us a lot of damage. You won’t deny that, right?]

“Yes, indeed. But what I want to say is not that.”

Yu IlHan continued speaking as if all this was absurd in the first place.

“What merits are there even if I agree to enter a treaty with you? Moreover, Miss MiRae…… yes, even if she said that she’ll use her abilities for me, shouldn’t you at least offer what you can do for her, the one possessing the ability that may help you?”

[We originally intended to accept her into the Heaven’s Army as the reward……]

Kang MiRae’s eyes glistened sadly. The crystals of mana around her also seemed like they had lost their light.

“I…… do not want to join such a place.”

[I…… did expect this to happen. Yu IlHan, the ones related to you are usually attracted to your light.]

“I don’t want to hear such flattery. As long as you said that you want to borrow her power, the peace contract should be the basics. Talk about something else that you can bring out.”

“IlHan is so cool…….”

“You be quiet.”

[Liera…….]

Titaera looked toward Liera for help, but Liera only tilted her head. She did not help in persuading Yu IlHan, in the two’s relationship, Yu IlHan was the dominant one!

Titaera realized that without much difficulty and sighed once again.

[We’re in a very urgent situation right now. In fact, even while we’re talking right now, there is a war in the Wall of Chaos. …… If possible, we want to borrow not only Kang MiRae’s strength, but yours as well.]

“Then it should be fine if I ask for a little more for the reward. You should know of our battle power, right?”

[…… We haven’t exactly seen through it. Every time we thought we had a proper grasp of your power, unexpected things happen. However, right now…… yes. I can judge that you have power equivalent to one tenth of a higher existence faction.]

A force rivaling one tenth of a higher existence faction that had existed for countless years…… that was a very generous evaluation. Yu IlHan didn’t think that his group was as strong as that, but considering the special abilities they had, their value as an assault group was high enough.

[……What do you want? An artifact? As far as I know, the best craftsman of artifacts is right in front of me.]

“However, even I can’t make things like the Hourglass of Eternity. Artifacts that are born in a realm insurmountable by a mere individual – those are still impossible for me right now.”

[Are you telling me that you wish for a God-ranked artifact?]

“So you do have them?”

Oho – Yu IlHan’s lips curved upwards. Titaera, facing the evil smirk, realized that she had spoken about something she shouldn’t have. Trying her best not to show her emotions, she changed topics.

[No, even if we do want to give you, we do not have anymore. So let’s talk about……]

“Mystic!”

Of course, such feints did not work against Yu IlHan who had experienced them so much. Yu IlHan shouted in a loud voice and abruptly stood up.

“The customer is leaving. Open the gates.”

[Got it, master.]

The door to the Flying fortress opened once again. At the same time, the mana in the fortress started being agitated! Before he could send her all the way to hell if she did not leave on her own accord,

[I understand.]

The high angel declared defeat.

[We shall give you a God-ranked artifact.]

Yu IlHan looked at Kang MiRae and asked her.

“She says it’s a God-ranked artifact, will you be alright?”

“If it’s something I can do, then yes. I want to do it. After all, it is the truth that the Heaven’s Army is keeping the balance between the worlds.”

Kang MiRae’s answer was positive. Yu IlHan nodded in understanding and faced Titaera once again. Her expression had become much brighter.

[Then can I take it as you accepting the request?]

“Of course, we won’t accept if it’s something that we cannot do with our power, but you can take it positively for now.”

[Thank you!]

“What do you mean thank me. I’m more thankful. Two God-ranked artifacts. I’ll gladly take it.”

[Two…….!?]

Looking at the high angel’s shocked face, Yu IlHan tilted his head and then put up three fingers.

“Then three?”

[Two! T, two is fine!]

Titaera hurriedly nodded her head. Yu IlHan nodded in satisfaction and all the others thought that the angel looked very pitiful.

“Then shall we get on with the real topic at hand?”

The negotiation had succeeded.



Chapter 263

[What we want is a single warp gate. Yu IlHan, we want you to protect Miss Kang MiRae during the process.]

“That sounds very suspicious.”

[Any more than this is too dangerous to talk about within a lower word.]

He didn’t even expect the angel to be truthful with everything. She probably means that they won’t be able to escape once they heard the story. This basically meant that they had to follow whatever the Heaven’s Army requested them to do if they wanted the two God-ranked artifacts…… Yu IlHan pondered for a little but eventually nodded his head. Kang MiRae said she’d do it, so there was no reason for him to refuse either.

“Okay, then let’s go get the prepayment.”

[B, before that. I’ll go report to the higher-ups.]

Titaera stood up powerlessly like a middle schooler that failed in buying a game that was just released, even though he had lined up from dawn for it.

Keduta was about to support her but was given a glare and shrunk back. It was definitely a gaze that contained ‘if you had just moved a little faster and procured Kang MiRae!’ or something along those lines.

“Please select ones that fit us. One will be used by Miss MIRae so one related to magic.”

[……I understand.]

Titaera left like that. After sending her off, Yu IlHan sighed and loosened his shoulders.

“This has become a pain. I thought we wouldn’t have to fight for quite a while.”

“Then you could have just rejected their request. The one they wanted was me in the first place too……”

“But I can’t trust them anymore. I can’t send you, alone Miss MiRae.”

“……”

Even though Yu IlHan had said that out of pure worry, it was an arrow to Kang MiRae’s pink-colored heart. However, Yu IlHan ignored the fact that Kang MIRae was blushing and fidgeting, and stretched his body.

“There’s not much time left, so I should make a trump card just in case. If I could only use the Hourglass of Eternity again, then I could have surpassed the limit of the Flying fortress.”

“A trump card?”

Liera tilted her head. Yu IlHan lightly nodded and added.

“I might need Paté’s power.”

“Paté’s……? Don’t tell me you?”

Liera’s eyes trembled. What she thought of was the intact bodies of higher existences inside Yu IlHan’s inventory.

“Are you going to try entering the field of necromancy? It would be hard if you don’t get used to the class like Paté.”

“No, rather than undead, it should be classified as a living doll…… I want to do something about those annoying thought-souls.”

[What do you mean annoying?]

There was a fresh and lively voice that replied to Yu IlHan’s words. It was none other than the thought-soul of the Succubus Queen Helièna.

[I only want to tell my darling of my endlessly straight and pure love.]

“Not all ‘straight’ and ‘pure’ things are good; you know? Look at me. I was a ‘straight’ and ‘pure’ loner, but I don’t think that’s a good thing.”

He replied to Helièna’s thought-soul in a cold voice. Liera asked him with worried eyes.

“IlHan, is it fine to believe her?”

“The reason I did not accept her for one is because I couldn’t trust her, but it was also because I could not accept her very existence. However, both of them have completely been solved right now.”

When Liera tilted her head in confusion, Yu IlHan continued explaining.

“Both Helièna’s thought-soul, and her body, are, in the end, the ‘previous’ Helièna. They’re not the same being. And if it’s a thought-soul, I can trust it however much I want.”

[I did say this before, but you could have trusted me while I was not a thought-soul too! Darling really likes to be reassured. What should I do? I love that part of you as well. Darling, can you feel my love?]

“Hmph.”

Yu IlHan only replied with a snort at the thought-soul Helièna’s proactive approach and looked around at his other companions before clapping his hands to gather attention.

“Dragon’s Army, and the ones that still haven’t acquired their 4th class will be left on Earth for this battle. This is too difficult for anyone under the 4th class. The rest of you, please prepare for battle in your respective positions. Oh, Erta, you help me out with Paté.”

“Understood, I shall get Paté here then.”

Kim YeSeul noticed that her son was about to do something amazing and her eyes shined. Wasn’t this the perfect moment to witness one of the countless abilities that her son had?

“That sounds very interesting. I want to watch too. Is it something secretive?”

“No, it’s nothing like that. It’s fine if you watch.”

Yu IlHan allowed her to watch with a light heart. Like that, Yu IlHan, Yumir, Kang MiRae, Na YuNa, Kim YeSeul, Paté, Jirl, Mirey, Ericia, Liera and Erta – a total of eleven – gathered in Yu IlHan’s workshop.

“Why!? I said go prepare!”

“Well, we are curious……”

Liera blurred the end of her lines. In fact, her true intention was to watch over Yu IlHan to see if he did something bad, but there was no way she could say that. Yu IlHan’s gaze turned to others.

“Preparation for battle?”

“We’re ready, Your Majesty!”

“I also want to watch, master.”

“Ugh, this shouldn’t be possible, but Miss YuNa. Can you cast anti-charm barrier onto the group?”

“Okay. Lady Leytna. Pleaseee.”

Only after checking that everyone was cast with the barrier did Yu IlHan start the work. What he first took out was the Cradle of Miracles. Inside, he poured Echjar’s blood, and took out Helièna’s body from his inventory and let it float on it.

“Oh my……”

“Truly beautiful.”

“How could His Majesty stab such a woman?”

“……Goddammit.”

Although her skin had turned pale, she was completely intact, except for her heart that Yu IlHan stabbed, and the skin. Nobody would be surprised even if she suddenly woke up and walked around. Seeing that, Paté made an expression of absolute despair and told Yu IlHan.

“Your Majesty, it is impossible with my current power to make such a powerful undead.”

“I know. You just need to lead my imagination.”

Yu IlHan’s work was usually done through three processes.

First was the item crafting – blacksmith. This was the one Yu IlHan had the most confidence in, and was also the foundation of the creation of countless artifacts.

The second was of course, mana crafting. Yu IlHan also had talent for this field as well, and after absorbing the essence of magic engineering and handling all sorts of items, at the current point in time, he could do it just as well as blacksmithing.

The third was soul enchant, the power of the deathgod he had acquired from Reta Kar’iha. In this field, he was confident as well like the previous two, as he had grown as a Deathgod until now.

And this time, there was no need for the first process.

“This is a completed product in itself. It’s not something I can touch.”

[Oh my…… you do have eyes for girls, darling.]

He ignored the thought-soul’s voice and put his hand on Helièna’s chest. It was the part where his spear had pierced.

“The materials for mana crafting is already within the remains.”

“A 7th class magic stone. That’s an amazing material.”

“And to add……”

Yu IlHan cut open his palm and drew out blood. The moment Yu IlHan’s blood fell upon the punctured heart, the Cradle of Miracles reacted with a ‘voon’ sound. Echjar’s blood that filled the cradle, started resonating violently.

“Paté, grab my hand. And draw out your aura to the fullest.”

“Yes, Your Majesty!”

Paté, who was more beautiful than most female elves (but was strictly male), grabbed Yu IlHan’s hand while blushing. He had to bring out all his power as an Archer of Destiny and transfer it to Yu IlHan!

Yu IlHan calmly accepted Paté’s power, recorded it and analyzed it. Mana crafting had commenced from this moment.

‘Paté’s power that allows him to go against the laws and make the dead arise again and move them around to his wishes – what I need is only a portion of that. I only have to bring the back the body alive again. I’m not making an undead. I’m making hardware.’

The 7th class magic stone inside Helièna’s body came into contact with Yu IlHan’s blood. With blinding light, an enormous amount of mana burst out like water from a broken dam, but Erta and Kim YeSeul who were prepared for this used their magic to return it to the body. Kang MiRae also helped out.

“It really is an amazing power……! Son, did you really fight against this individual!?”

“Well, I can’t exactly call that a ‘fight’…… but yeah, you can take it that way.”

Grasping a single strand of mana and making it circulate inside Helièna’s body – once the flow of mana was controlled, regenerating wounds was a simple matter. What was important was to make the regenerated heart beat again. He had to erase any remaining will inside the body and make the body just a empty shell of a biological structure!

[Darling…… amazing, you know me better than I do……? I’m so happy!]

Helièna’s thought-soul exclaimed. Immediately after that, the mana that was exploding outwards went back inside as if time was being reversed. The pale skin of the body seemed to glow for a little, before color returned to her skin!

“Aah.”

“Vitality is coming back!”

Echjar’s blood, that supported the floating body, rippled, the ripple was very periodic – it was according to Helièna’s heartbeat.

“Your Majesty!”

“It’s not over yet!”

Rather, now that the mana was all concentrated, this was the more important of a moment. Any mistake would make the mana go berserk and make the body explode along with the entire Flying fortress! Yu IlHan controlled the flow of mana while bringing out the concentration he used to pick lots for cleaning back in his middle school days.

And an unknown amount of time had passed since he had started. A single line of text appeared on Yu IlHan’s retina, quietly.

[You have mastered Mana crafting. You possess the talent to bestow mana to recreate an item that no one can catch up to. Perhaps the end of that ability may be related to creation. The future path must be created by you.]

Echjar’s blood that resonated with the heartbeat slowly started being absorbed by her body. Vitality came back to her skin as time passed, and after some time, it even started breathing mana. Perhaps some onlookers may think that she was really sleeping. Kim YeSeul and the others could only be left dumbstruck by the miracle.

“Fuuu.”

“IlHan!”

Liera wasn’t too late in catching Yu IlHan from collapsing after all the work had been done.

“Fuu, there’s still one process left. If we don’t do it immediately, there will be a variable. A new consciousness may arise in a body without prior consciousness.”

“If it’s for a little, I can slow down the time that the body feels.”

“Please, mom.”

He never knew his mom would be so heartening! With the support from his mother, he regained a little time to breath, and immediately went on to the next process.

It was none other than the soul enchant process, as well as the one that had to precede it.

“I’m going to accept you as my subordinate now.”

[So you’re finally accepting my heart!]

“If I wanted to do that, I wouldn’t have gone through such a troublesome process. You should know what I’m thinking. You are already someone completely different from ‘Helièna’, and I’m only using a loyal thought-soul and the remains of Helièna.”

Yes, this was also the reason why Yu IlHan did not need to hesitate to work on this. However, Helièna’s thought-soul rejected him outright.

[However, darling should already know. Darling’s power had broken through the limits a long time ago, and as a result, I, who is now in your consciousness, have a very clear self-consciousness. I do not think that I’m completely intact, but I do think that it’s at least more than 60%. So, darling has just split the soul in half by killing Helièna. Aah, I only pity the other half of my soul that had disappeared for eternity.]

“……Why are you telling me all this?”

At his words, Helièna spoke words that even made Yu IlHan very dumbstruck.

[Because you might be disappointed after you learn of it later. I do not want to get hated by you, darling……]

“You…….”

[As you know already, I cannot hide a single thing from you right now. Do you get that you’ve made a mistake?]

Yu IlHan went silent; it was a very difficult thing to receive such direct intentions from the thought-soul.

“……Okay, then.”

He bit his lips and spoke.

“Prove it to me that I’ve made a mistake.”

[My beloved, I was waiting for you to say that line.]

A thick tie that could not be severed by anything, was connected. Yu IlHan’s Rule skill activated.

[You have mastered the skill, Rule. You may evolve the skill once you fulfill the necessary requirements.]

“Your name……”

[I’m Helièna, darling. Like I always was, and like I always will be.]

“Yes, you’re Helièna.”

[You have accepted ‘Helièna’ as your subordinate.]

Yu IlHan decided to acknowledge the current her. Then he enchanted her to what was originally her body.

It was a very quiet process, and there was no exaggerating the violence of mana like mana crafting.

However, this was no different from the start of a huge incident that may shake the future of all factions.



Chapter 264

Titaera returned. As her expression was slightly brighter than before, it seemed like Yu IlHan’s request had been approved without much difficulty on her side.

[I have returned. I also have a positive answer about the artifacts. One will be prepaid, and the other will be paid afterwards once the war concludes successfully…….]

“You won’t go back on your promise, right?”

[If it’s my life, I can swear on it.]

“This is about a God-ranked artifact. There’s no way I’d be satisfied with just the death of a 6th class high angel.]

[……]

Yu IlHan extended his hand to Titaera who had lost her words.

“I want to receive the one Miss MiRae will use first.”

[Understood, let us leave together.]

Yu IlHan moved those that would go with him on the Flying fortress, and the ones that would remain behind in the Guardian fortress. Not only the Dragon’s Army, even Kang HaJin had to stay this time.

“Although it’s very insulting, I guess I can’t help it.”

“Please take care of Earth.”

“I’ll also show you that I can reach the 4th class before you come back.”

“That’s very reassuring.”

When Yu IlHan came back after putting the Guardian fortress and the ones on it at Earth, Titaera looked at him from head to toe once in disbelief and muttered with a sigh.

[It will be a tremendous matter once Kang MiRae and your power are combined. I…… do not think that is bad, but there will be many who will dislike the giant change that occurs because of you.]

“You know? Usually, the ones that dislike it are usually the ones that say that. Let’s go.”

Yu IlHan said a line that made wrinkle on Titaera’s forehead, and followed her on the fortress along with the others on the group.

The transport was done with the gate made by Kang MiRae, and Yu IlHan was dumbstruck after watching her create the gate that traced Titaera’s movement path, and muttered.

“This is not done through the use of records. It’s using the traces of mana.”

“You’re right.”

If Yu IlHan’s warp worked in a way that absorbed, analyzed, and chased the source of an object or an item, Kang MiRae’s gate was closer to forcibly twisting a closed path once again. With the two’s power combined, there was nowhere they could not go to.

“There won’t be a lot of higher existences with this kind of ability, right?”

“If there are, would Titaera asked Kang MiRae for help? Going to and from worlds is not easy even for higher existences. And moreover, creating gates that allow for mass transfer…… as far as I know, Kang MiRae is the first one that can do it.”

“At least she is indeed the first one that created gates by tracing mana. It is definitely true since the blessing of the god of magic was bestowed on her that even I couldn’t get.”

Erta’s body, while she explained, was trembling slightly. Yu IlHan caught on that she was feeling slightly inferior, and did not touch on that.

“Well, then. Let’s go.”

“Yes.”

The place they headed to was the main headquarters of the Heaven’s Army, ‘Heaven’. It was too vast of a world to be called a world at all after it had experienced an unknown number of Great Cataclysms.

“It’s been a while……”

[Liera, you’re welcome again anytime if you want to come back.]

“No, no. I like where I am currently.”

Liera looked at the reminiscent skies above the clouds, with a tinge of sadness in her eyes. She shook her head at Titaera’s words. Looking at her locking arms with Yu IlHan, Titaera’s expression loosened a little.

[I’m really happy that you have found a reason to be happy. I mean it.]

“I know. Thanks.”

Titaera’s immediately lead them to Heaven’s treasury. In front of it was a male angel with three pairs of wings.

[Lord Leciel.]

[I was waiting for you, human.]

Ignoring Titaera’s greeting, the archangel, Leciel, gave a cold glare at Yu IlHan and spoke to him.

“Give me the artifact.”

[You will pay for your arrogance one day. Did the mountain you climbed look so high?]

“Give me the artifact.”

[……So you are a human that words don’t work on.]

He was going to go back without a care for the safety of Heaven or something if this guy talked nonsense one more time, but as expected of a 7th class, Leciel immediately stopped his lecture after noticing that. Then, he closed his eyes and opened the treasury.

A five colored light provoked the group’s eyes.

“Wao.”

“So blinding.”

“This is amazing.”

“A sneak eye attack, that’s cowardly!”

Of course, Yu IlHan had his eyes wide open even while everyone had closed their eyes. Wasn’t this a world where your nose would be cut if you closed your eyes? As long as he was still in the Heaven’s Army main quarters, he did not plan to let his guard down.

[The treasury of the Heaven’s Army is vast. All items here are those that may pose a threat to us if even one of them gets stolen and therefore, aren’t easily taken out, and remember that those who aren’t 7th class angels cannot even borrow the items here.]

“And so? Where is this item that is suitable for a mage, that is, Miss Kang MiRae?”

Ignoring Leciel’s threats, Yu IlHan offered the perfect words without any room for retreat! Creasing his face, Leciel tapped the ground with the staff in his hand. At that time, another round of light poured out from inside the treasury, before a silver-translucent circlet appeared.

“That’s worse than what Mr. IlHan made me!”

“Do you really have to go boasting everywhere?”

Na YuNa retorted, but Leciel wasn’t shaken by that and gave the circlet to Kang MiRae.

[The Crown of Wisdom. It accelerates all neural activities, and allows to activate two magic simultaneously without the additional consumption of mana, and even raises the league of mana by a tier as well. Until now, this never made it out of the treasury as no one fulfilled the criteria.]

“Criteria……. Oh.”

Yes. The equipment requirements of the circlet was none other than the blessing of the god of magic! Before Kang MiRae could put it on with satisfaction, Yu IlHan’s hand lightly touched the circlet.

“What is it, Mr. IlHan?”

“It’s nothing. I just thought that they might have tinkered with it, but it looks like the Heaven’s Army doesn’t do strange things to equipment like these.”

[Just what do you consider us as? I have an issue with your impression of us.]

Leciel’s expression creased once again. However, Yu IlHan only shrugged his shoulders. Now that the safety was confirmed, Kang MiRae put the circlet on without hesitation, and at that moment, the crystallizations of mana around her started to emit more multi-colored light.

“Amazing, to think the mana I wield can become so different……”

“The option to increase the league of mana is definitely an amazing option, but……”

“Of course, it’s an amazing option. It is indeed an amazing option. Eih, eih.”

Yu IlHan complained internally that the function of the Crown of Wisdom was slightly lacking for a God-ranked artifact, but seeing Kang MiRae satisfied, he decided not to say it. Meanwhile, Liera swinging her sleeves of the Feather of Temptation was quite…… considerably cute.

[You look happy, Liera.]

“Huh? Yeah, I’m very happy.”

[How foolish……]

Leciel looked like he had something to say to Liera as well, but didn’t say anything. Instead, he only glared at Yu IlHan. Titaera coughed awkwardly and made the group retreat.

[Are you satisfied?]

“Yes, we did indeed receive the prepayment. Now please speak about what you want to request of Miss MiRae. Miss MiRae, will you be alright?”

“Yes. I’m ready.”

[Very well, then before we move on, we’ll switch locations.]

When Titaera said that, the group and the Flying fortress was instantly moved to somewhere else within this world. This was a show of power that made him realize what the ruler faction can do in their own world!

[This is the entrance to the battlefield.]

Yu IlHan decided hide the fact that he could resist the teleportation with the Dimensional adaptation skill before Titaera could activate that ability, and raised his head.

At that moment, he subconsciously exclaimed.

“……Wao.”

“Mr. IlHan, you were completely polluted by me. Like this if your heart can also be…… Kyaaak!”

Yu IlHan was overwhelmed to the point that he didn’t even realize that Na YuNa was being iron clawed by Liera.

A gigantic space that made even the Flying fortress look like a speck of dust in comparison, beyond that was a truly humongous wall. It was too large that the wall itself could be called a world in itself.

[Kyahahahahahahah!]

[It’s been awhile…… I’m back, o Heaven!]

With the wall as the middle, countless angels and their enemies were going against each other. Amongst the enemies, there were monsters, as well as black-winged fallen angels, and those that looked perfectly ordinary on the outside. Yu IlHan, who had experience fighting them all, could identify them without much difficulties.

“What the heck? You were having a 2nd round here?”

[It’s frustrating…… but that’s a suitable expression.]

It wasn’t just the Destruction Demon Army. Not to mention the Army of Brilliant Light, even the ones belonging to the Garden of Sunset were trying to destroy the wall. And naturally, the number of angels paled in comparison to the other side.

“How the hell did that happen!?”

Screamed Liera. Titaera replied with a depressed expression.

[The Destruction Demon Army schemed against us. They brought other factions to their world Elo Katra and are trying to push us back……]

“That doesn’t make sense. They tried to bring the other factions in to harm the Heaven’s Army? The foolish ones cannot be more foolish like that!”

[That’s why the Heaven’s Army is frightening, Erta.]

“How can that be…….”

The time was truly strangely precise. All factions were very annoyed due to the incident in Dareu, and their hostility towards the Heaven’s Army, who received relatively little damage compared to the rest, was boiling. In such a situation, the Destruction Demon Army played a super underhanded move of bringing the others to their main headquarters!

“That means their boss did something?”

[It seems like he didn’t actually move himself. However, at this rate…… there might really be a terrifying battle.]

“That’s a nightmare! You guys, it’s really fortunate that you guys succeeded in persuading IlHan……”

Although that sounded positive, in truth, this was no different from Liera drawing a line between her and the Heaven’s Army. Titaera realized that there will never will be a time where she would stand side by side with Liera again, but tried her best not to show it on the surface.

[I’m even envious of your endless faith in him.]

“But now that we’re on the same side, IlHan will do something about it!”

“Unfortunately, the spotlight isn’t me this time, right, Miss MiRae?”

“O, oh, yes!”

Kang MiRae lost her cool after seeing the war of an unbelievably large scale, one that she had never experienced before, but eventually looked at Titaera in a calm manner.

“Now, please tell me what I have to do.”

[Kang MiRae, what we want you do is only one thing.]

Titaera bit her lips before speaking.

[Please trace the main headquarters of the Army of Brilliant Light and open a gate to there. At that moment, their alliance will be dissolved all by itself.]

“……Sorry?”

Kang MiRae asked back to confirm. Titaera explained in kind.

[The majority of the Destruction Demon Army are beasts that only want destruction. If you open a gate that connects to their main headquarters, about half of the monsters charging towards the Wall of Chaos like mad will rush there, and the Army of Brilliant Light will try to guard them in panic. Just that will probably fulfill our objective.]

“That means…….”

[We’re making the enemy divide. And direct their rage at each other!]

Yu IlHan thought when he heard that.

That this may be even more of a mess than Dareu.



Chapter 265

“There are too many traces of mana. I cannot possibly know which one I have to grasp.”

[A few tries will suffice with our help.]

“Even if I do find out, I think we need to go over the Wall of Chaos before we open the gate.”

[We have a squad prepared for that.]

At the same time Titaera said that, angels appeared. Yu IlHan nitpicked at Titaera after checking them out.

“There are no 7th classes.”

[The archangels cannot move so easily.]

“So you aren’t sending out any of those archangels even in this war?”

[Isn’t that obvious? They aren’t sending any of theirs either.]

Yu IlHan asked back in disbelief, and Titaera nodded as if this was natural.

“You should know why they’re so angry? As long as an archangel does not come out from your side, their rage will not subside even if you cause an internal conflict.”

[The archangels have their own jobs and roles. As I have told you already, once Kang MiRae opens the gate, the situation will subside by itself.]

“That’s why I’m saying, there’s no way they sit still while we do that.”

With Yu IlHan here, they might be able to keep their concealment maintained until the first activation of magic, However, the problem was that it was unknown how many times they had to try before succeeding to open a gate heading to the main headquarters of the Army of Brilliant Light. The fact that Kang MiRae can make gates will be found out, and naturally, she will be the center of attention.

[We are risking our lives for this mission. I understand what you’re worried about, but in no scenario will Kang MiRae lose her life. The fact that we gave her a God-ranked artifact up front was a very hard decision for us as well!]

“That’s why I’m saying that God-ranked artifact is currently……oh, forget it.”

This won’t do. Words didn’t work. Yu IlHan palmed his aching head. If these idiots were to come out like this, he would have gone into details about the cooperation as well!

However, this was his mistake as well. What was he supposed to nitpick about now? The later he gave up, the more painful it will be – Yu IlHan put away his regrets about the Heaven’s Army and declared.

“Since it came to this, we can only split up into two. Angels, I’m going to move while imagining that you aren’t here.”

[……?]

The angels including Titaera could not understand him and was dumbstruck, but only Liera understood him.

“IlHan, you mean you’re going to distract them while Kang MiRae is activating her magic?”

“It’s fine. I’ve got a majority of their records. If it’s up to 6th class, I’ll still be safe.”

“So…… so cool.”

“I knew you’d say that.”

Only after Liera said that did the angels realize what he was planning to do and only shook their heads.

What sort of metal guts did he have in order to rush into a battlefield that even 6th class beings risked their lives in? They knew he was weird in the head, but they didn’t realize he was that weird in the head.

“Mr. IlHan, no!”

“If you fall to somewhere like that, you’ll definitely die! This is a request from me, so you don’t have to take so much of the burden!”

“I won’t die. And this is a request for the both of us. I’m going to get mad if you keep making me out to be a loner like that.”

Kang MiRae became speechless after hearing Yu IlHan’s playful words. At that time, Na YuNa tapped her shoulders and stepped forward.

“It’s fine MiRae. Mr. IlHan will never ever die. Oh, you’ll take me right?”

“Nope, Miss YuNa, you stay still in the fortress.”

“Tch~, you always leave me out at times like these. I’m also going to become something like a battle maiden when I become a higher existence!”

“Instead, Liera and Erta, you girls help me out. Miss YuNa, you can just bless us beforehand.”

“Dad, me too!”

While the angels were dumbstruck, Yu IlHan had arranged everything like he was popping popcorn with lightning. The front raid squad was formed, and the support was organised!

However, Yu IlHan shook his head at Yumir’s words.

“Mir, you have a very important role. You have to conceal everyone including the Flying fortress until the moment Miss MiRae successfully activates her first attempt at her magic. How is it, can you do it?”

“Umm……. Yeah!”

“Good. You will protect the noonas and grandma.”

“Got it!”

[Putting such a wide area under the effect of concealment? That’s got to be nons-]

“Eih!”

When Yumir activated his skill while bringing out the power of his title to the maximum, such ‘nonsense’ actually happened. The angels decided to give up on retorting. This much was just standard procedure for anyone who came into contact with Yu IlHan and his group.

[W, wait! If you really are going to go, receive a blessing from us first. Despite everything, a blessing from us higher existences should be better than one from a lower existence!]

“Nah, sorry to say, but our priestess is the best priestess.”

“Ehem!”

Na YuNa winked towards the angels and gave blessings to Yu IlHan, Liera and Na YuNa. After reaching nearly level 280 of 4th class, she had grown to be a transcendental beauty, and had the power to convert her beauty into the power of a blessing which was a form of power she had as the priestess of the goddess of beauty, Leytna!

[All abilities increase by 43% during the next 3 hours. You will absolutely not get hit by a critical hit, and can avoid one deathblow from the enemy. All regenerative abilities increase by 300%.]

[…….]

Titaera felt the already monstrous powers of the three increasing yet again, and decided to halt her train of reasoning. Perhaps the talent that she had to bring into the Heaven’s Army was Na YuNa? Of course, not that her hopes would become true.

“Have a safe trip, Mr. IlHan!”

“Nothing will happen to us. And nothing will happen to that side either.”

Yu IlHan gave a glance at Kang MiRae and Na YuNa, before tapping the grounds of the Flying fortress lightly. As long as ‘she’ resided in the fortress, no one would be able to lay their hands on any of them.

“She’ll appear if she thinks it’s dangerous.”

“I’ll believe in you.”

[What is this? What is this ‘she’?]

However, Yu IlHan ignored Titaera’s question and once again checked that Liera and Erta were within his range of concealment before jumping into the air. The closer they approached the Wall of Chaos, the flashier the battle between the higher existences became. Looking at that, Yu IlHan thought up of something.

“Oh, I guess I didn’t learn the Great Cosmos-severing Spear yet.”

“It’s quite amazing that you think up of that now. So? Are you going to learn it?”

“Yes. I plan to.”

In fact, Yu IlHan was thinking that he may be able to reach a higher realm in the spear with the overlap of the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory. What if the Great Cosmos-severing Spear was added on top of that? It would be a Spear technique that was completed with two advanced spear techniques as the foundation!

“That’s horrifying just by thinking about it……”

“The fusion of two advanced weapons technique of the same weapon…… I’ve never heard of such a thing happening, but it’s scary because it might be possible if it’s him.”

Yu IlHan looked scrambled around his inventory while flying. He had loads of remains of higher existences, and he took out a 5th class magic stone from a random one and immediately started the fusion evolution process.

Blinding light burst out and enveloped Yu IlHan, making his spirit and body advance forward by a realm. He had reached a realm that Spiera had barely reached by reaching 6th class.

[You have learned the Great Cosmos-severing Spear.]

“What would Spiera think when she found out that he was treating her life’s work so lightly……”

“Wouldn’t she like it when IlHan makes an even more advanced Spear technique using it as the basis?”

“Well, here’s goes the first strike.”

Coincidentally, an angel that was facing numerous higher existences at the same time was retreating and the tens of enemies were chasing! Yu IlHan’s spear struck out like a tiger that spotted its prey.

The left hand that dictated the direction of the attack, and the right that gripped firmly on the spear. He drew a diagonal line from the bottom right to the top left with the tip of the spear. The sharpness of a sword, the speed of a whip, the weight of a blunt weapon is imbued into the single strike of the spear with the control from the body that had reached beyond its limits – At that moment

An unprecedented aura ‘drew’ a straight line that cut through space itself, cleaving everything within the trajectory in half.

[Critical Hit!]

[You have earned experience.]

[You have earned experience.]

[You have……]

[The skill, Great Cosmos-severing Spear, has become level 8.]

“Huh.”

Yu IlHan tilted his head after putting the bodies of higher existences into his inventory.

“Concealment didn’t wear off because they all died at once.”

“It’s fine, a lot of them have noticed already.”

Yu IlHan struck out with the Great Cosmos-severing Spear once again, but this time, even more higher existences died as his Deathgod skill began to take effect.

Even in a battlefield where higher existences were as numerous as bugs, it was a strange thing for many higher existences to die at once without the enemy being discovered. A commotion occurred in the battlefield.

[Just what is it?]

[Something just whisked past me. I definitely felt it! There is one that I cannot see!]

[It’s an attack that occurred after an angel retreated. An archangel! Did an archangel finally show up!?]

No matter how much he tried to attract aggro efficiently, the enemies didn’t find him, so he couldn’t do his job! Yu IlHan sighed and took out a Breath from his inventory and put it in his mouth. As he had made quite a lot during the past few days, he had enough to use throughout this battle.

“Well then.”

He gripped on his spear and rushed into the hole on the Wall of Chaos. Then, when Liera and Erta caught up to him, he spread the white flames on his spear and shouted.

“Falling Down!”

White flames containing souls instantly amplified and colored the region. The concealment Yu IlHan was maintaining was dispelled, and the figures of the three was revealed without any protective shields to cover them in that vast region.

[This mana is…….]

[Yu IlHan, it’s Yu IlHan!]

[He’s here!?]

[But how!? Wait…… did he join the Heaven’s Army?]

[No, he’s still a lower existence!]

What was important was not that. What was actually important was that all higher existences will drop by a league within the region of Falling Down!

“It’s Guten Morgen, you fuckers!”

Yu IlHan decreased the power output of the Great Cosmos-severing Spear and the Spear of Untraceable Trajectory, to decrease his mana consumption and activated both skills at the same time in many directions. A shockwave akin to a planetary explosion occurred with him as the center and assaulted the higher existences. The strikes that reached the extreme in both strength and speed ripped apart everything in its path.

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical…….]

[You have earned…….]

“What the hell just…….”

Liera became speechless after witnessing what would happen when two advanced spear techniques were fused, while Erta asked in her stead.

“Is this the scene we can see if you fuse two spear techniques together?”

“No.”

Yu IlHan replied lightly and collected the dead bodies of the higher existences. The number was exactly one hundred and twenty-one. This should be plenty enough to attract all their attention onto him!

“I haven’t even started yet, though?”

[He’s…… Yu IlHan!]

[Yu IlHan is in this place!?]

[Kill! Kill him!]

[Revenge for Helièna…… I’ll kill you!]

Hostility, murderous intent started all gathering towards him. Yu IlHan felt them and smirked. Was it a mistake to describe his smirk as one that a farmer in front of a rich wheat field would have?

Liera sighed and raised her spear. The flow of the battlefield had already changed.

From now was a war led by Yu IlHan.


Chapter 266

[Kill him!]

[Kill!]

[Revenge for Helièna!]

Numerous monstrous beings, each with enough power to destroy a world by themselves, charged at Yu IlHan. Of course, their league fell as soon as they entered the region of Falling Down, but they didn’t realize that as anger had gotten their heads. Even that was according to Yu IlHan’s plan.

Just that, there was one thing he didn’t understand.

“I can understand if it was just the Destruction Demon Army…….”

Yu IlHan entered mana-saving mode and focused the white flames on the tip of his spear while he titled his head.

“Why are even the guys from the Army of Brilliant Light and the Garden of Sunset also shouting out Helièna’s name?”

[I’m everyone’s idol, darling. A being like the sun! – you’ll be burn if you get too close, but you can’t stop longing for it when you can’t see me! Who was the lucky one that got to monopolize such an idol?]

“Yeah, yeah. You’re great. Tch.”

Helièna should be in the Flying fortress right now, but as he was connected deeply with her from the moment she became a thought-soul, she could express her will like how Orochi and Mystic could.

Yes, even though he had given back her a body, the liberation he wanted did not come to him!

[Kuaaa!]

[Kill, I’ll kill everything!]

[I see a familiar face. That resentful face, but dimmer!]

Although there were a few angels before he crossed over the Wall of Chaos, now that he had crossed over the boundary, this was completely enemy territory. Right now, it was the worst since even the fallen angels and the members of the Garden of Sunset were also unrestricted with their powers. They were sure that they were in the advantage and immediately charged to where he and his companions were.

“IlHan, there are quite a few 6th class beings so be careful. You’ll die the moment you’re careless.”

Liera gripped on the light pink-colored spear as she crouched forward. The Wall of Chaos – although she had a lot of experience fighting in this place, this was naturally the first time she did so as a lower existence.

Although she was slightly tense due to the nervousness, she did not plan to back out; the person next to her was her beloved that she had to protect. The moment she thought that, the light in her spear became stronger, and the blessing of the god of love boiled and enveloped her. Pink light protected her.

“I can do something about 6th class with Falling Down. Erta, can you primarily use support magic? Liera and I will take care of the enemies.”

“Leave it to me. That’s my specialty.”

Numerous magic formations floated within the region of Falling Down simultaneously. They were magic formations that defended against enemy magic, decreased their power of physical attacks, interrupted the enemy movements, and making the mana of the enemy berserk in reverse.

However, the already strong magic formations were supported by the white flames that spread on it. When Erta saw that the effectiveness of her magic had increased by at least 2 times, shock filled her eyes.

“This is……!”

“Falling Down is growing as well, you know.”

Yu IlHan replied like it was nothing and threw his spear to one of the higher existences that just entered the domain. The Eight-tailed dragon Spear grew in size instantly by 10 times after absorbing the white flames as it flew along its flight trajectory, nicely pierced the enemy.

[You have earned experience.]

[What!?]

A lower existence just killed a higher one with just light movements! A few of those that tried to charge into the domain became stiff on the spot. Of course, they became the next sacrifices for the Eight-tailed dragon spear. Grabbing the spear that came back, Yu IlHan muttered.

“In the end, they only amount to so much. There are so many worlds that it’s uncountable. But even if they reached peak in one of those worlds, they are merely one of countless. Why didn’t I know this before?”

“IlHan, your thoughts are really daring. Though, it’s frustrating that it’s not exactly wrong.”

One of those ‘countless peaks’, Liera, replied while gritting her teeth. However, her rage wasn’t vented towards Yu IlHan but the other higher existences.

“Haaahp!”

[Kyak!? My body……!]

One Destruction Demon soldier was instantly ground up by her spear after it was bound by Erta’s magic formation and had its magic cancelled. Next was a fallen angel, and next was from the Garden of Sunset! Black and blue blood scattered everywhere. All the corpses were all collected into Yu IlHan’s inventory.

“Huh.”

Liera soon realized one thing.

“It’s much more doable than I expected?”

“It’s all thanks to Falling Down. This skill is not from a lower existence……!”

Erta sweated cold sweat after looking at the region of the soulflames that now grew quite a bit to cover quite a portion of the battlefield.

“It even restricts and lowers the league of 6th class beings. I didn’t see such skills even with Battalion Commanders!]

“There we go! Isn’t that because IlHan is too good?”

Even right now, the flames restrained and damaged the enemies, enhanced Erta’s magic, and added power into Liera’s spear! It was as if looking at an army that moved according to Yu IlHan’s orders.

“That’s amazing! As expected of a loner! You made a skill that enables you to do almost everything by yourself……!”

“You come to the rooftop after school!”

It wasn’t just a ‘distraction’ that they were doing. Yu IlHan, Liera and Erta had become a storm that swept the battlefield! Titaera, who watched as the domain of the soulflames became larger and larger as it enveloped more and more of the battlefield, was covered in cold sweat.

[My god…… I thought he was only good at ambush attacks……]

“His personality must have changed.”

Kang MiRae was also shocked after seeing his incomparably overwhelming power to before, but could easily derive an answer and could tell the angel.

“Before, he liked to hide and be alone, but right now, he has found the room to give us a share of his heart. He’s distracting the enemies for me too. …… I think it’s definitely because of that.”

[That does not make any sense.]

The angel immediately denied her words. However, Kang MiRae wanted to believe that it was like that even if it wasn’t actually so. After meeting him again, her heart that had gotten excited was pushing her thought process to be more emotional.

[However…… whatever the source of his ability is, he really is doing a perfect job. It’s now. This is the perfect time. We shall depart as well.]

[Good, got it.]

Mystic initiated the Flying fortress. Under Yumir’s power, the Flying fortress smoothly went over the Wall of Chaos while being concealed, and inside, Kang MiRae opened her eyes wide to find the traces of the Army of Brilliant Light.

[There are many worlds under the administration of the Army of Brilliant Light. Amongst them, we need to find one that leads to their main headquarters.]

“I’m…… looking for one right now!”

[We shall help!]

However, what the angels could do was to just differentiate the mana belonging to fallen angels and telling her which. Countless fragments and traces of mana were in the battlefield. They had to find one that connected to the main world of the fallen angels!

“First one…… here we go!”

A portion of the mana crystals that swirled around Kang MiRae rapidly flew across the air and arrived at their destination, when a vortex appeared with a strong light burst akin to fireworks. Beyond that was definitely a higher world. However……!

[That’s not it! That’s not their main quarters!]

[That’s!? A gate has opened!]

[What is that island? ……Island?]

[It’s angels! They’re with a lower existence!]

Naturally, there was no way the concealment was maintained after a grand process of generating a gate. At that moment, Yumir changed into dragon form and roared.

[Kroaaar!]

Although it meant ‘Dad, we were found out, hiiing’, the enemies heard it as an intimidating roar, and the allies heard it as a signal for the start of battle. The angels and the dragon immediately went into battle formation and Kang MiRae hurriedly cancelled her gate and recollected her mana.

[That girl opened a gate connecting to our world.]

[But how?]

[It doesn’t matter how. Perhaps maybe…… shit!]

[Oho!?]

[That aura was definitely, hmm!]

The fallen angels were all swept by nervousness, while the Garden of Sunset and the Destruction Demon Army became interested. A crack had appeared in the already unstable alliance.

[We need to kill her!]

[Get them out right now!]

[But Yu IlHan is……!]

[Yu IlHan is not of importance right now!]

“No, I will be!”

When the camp of the fallen angels shook, Falling Down once again expanded in area and instantly dragged the fallen angels in, restraining them, while Erta’s magic formation also expanded and dispersed their magic power! Yu IlHan and Liera flew side by side within the domain to behead them and pull out their wings.

“This is…… I feel like I became stronger than when I was a higher existence!”

“Haaap! Lunatic wave!”

“Hhhhp!”

Yu IlHan just poured out all the dragon bone spears in his inventory into the air and grabbed his Thunder hammer.

The hammer expanded with lightning after absorbing his magic power! Even the flames gathered towards it, enhancing it further. He activated God Force to the very limits as if to boast his puffed muscles and shouted while swinging the gigantic hammer

“You say you’d attack who!?”

The souls and flames that made up Falling Down were absorbed by the scattered bone spears and controlled them. The throwing spears were shot precisely at the fallen angels, while the Thunder hammer was being swung in the middle! The overwhelming force generated from the hammer resonated with the vibrating bone spears, which made ordinary higher existences unable to resist. At least those within the domain of Falling Down.

[Destroy the spears!]

[Dammit…… this sticky thing is, Kugh!]

Tens to hundreds, hundreds to thousands. It felt like just yesterday when Yu IlHan trembled at the sight of a single higher existence, but right now, he was massacring them like it was nothing. His transformation was extremely dramatic and frightening. Even considering the support from the Record skill which was now over level 60, his movements were too surprising.

[Perhaps……]

[Perhaps he is.]

As if spitting out what it had in its mouth in fear.

Someone, or something, muttered.

[Perhaps he is the Fifth?]

It was like this every time a transcender was born. They crushed beings of equal league or higher like it was nothing, had domineering personalities, and made everything that was around them their possessions, or destroyed them if they couldn’t.

Like that, the peculiar, messy beings that didn’t die all reached the realm of transcenders. The ones at the realm of absolute that no one could dare dream to pass. Right now, Yu IlHan looked like such a person to them.

[However, not now.]

Someone appeared out of nowhere.

[So we just have to erase him here and now.]

Three pairs of pitch black wings, two eyes glowing in red like rubies. Black fur coat that covered the entire body. He had the appearance of a middle-aged man, but the league from his body was that of an emperor’s.

[Lord Satière……!]

[Lord Satière himself has……!?]

[The 4th Wing of Brilliant Light!?]

The battlefield fell into commotion once again. No matter how big of a ripple Yu IlHan had called out, would he be able to surpass a 7th class that descended upon the battlefield? This was precisely why Yu IlHan told them to send out a 7th class, but why did the angels never listen to him!

[You damn pigeons. You really do annoy me. This war has become annoying again.]

His gaze swept over the battlefield. Minor 5th class beings ended up being petrified, with their mana being dissipated. The Flying fortress managed to block it in a desperate attempt with the help of the angels, but this was too strong to be just from a gaze.

[I’ll clean you up. Your wings, your hopes. I shall snap them all.]

“That person! That person must be from the main army! I can feel the presence of a strong mana!”

Shouted Kang MiRae. Well, even the angels were sure of that. But how? How were they supposed to approach such a frightening being and grasp the trace of mana!

[Oh my, it looks like it’s my turn now.]

A single bud of a flower bloomed above the Flying fortress as if having waited for that moment. The immeasurably potent poison that held the appearance of a beautiful flower. Despite the fact that it was snapped by a brutal man once, it still hadn’t lost its vitality and gloss.

[Come play with me, Satière.]

The name of that flower, was of course, the Succubus Queen Helièna.


Chapter 267

[……]

[……]

[……What?]

Helièna’s appearance cast a wave of frost over the entire battlefield. Everyone was frozen stiff, but it wasn’t because they didn’t know who she was. Rather, it was due to the fact that they knew her too well.

[Y, you. You should have died!?]

Satière’s leisurely expression cracked. He had the confidence to face against any other 7th class beings, but the story changed if it was Helièna. He had come here precisely because he had heard that Helièna had died, but she just showed up right in front of him!

[I did die. But I came back to life. Tada!]

[No way. An undead……?]

[Do I look like one?]

[Eek……]

When Helièna made a tempting smile and Satière’s body shrunk back all by itself. Of course she didn’t look like an undead. The rosy cheeks filled with vitality, lively eyes and her chest that bounced up and down every time she breathed in and out – everything about her was filled with vitality!

The thick magic power she emitted flowed out towards the battlefield. From that moment, many of the small fry started experiencing difficulties controlling their own bodily impulses.

[How did this happen!
