Raising Children While Being An Adventurer

Chapter 1

[I am terribly sorry!]

Who are you?

An unknown silver-haired youth is suddenly prostrating in front of me on the floor .

Around 20 years old…… I think he’s younger than me .

Because he’s facing the floor without flinching, I can’t see his face .

I don’t understand…… why? I think that he surely has a well-featured face .

The reason why he’s prostrating in front of me is unknown .

Because I have woken up in this unknown place just a several minutes ago .

That’s right .

Before I noticed, I already was in a room I don’t recognize .

A room surrounded by white walls from every direction .

The size is around 8 tatami, I think…… There are two white doors . There are no windows .

There are two leathered-covered sofas for two people facing each other .

A jet-black glass table is in between the sofas . Nothing else is here aside from that .

Uun…… because of the white walls, this room seems like a “typical” president’s office .

Maa, that does not matter, though .

Since I don’t recognize this place, is this a kidnapping?

I thought so at first, but I’m not restricted and above all, I think that the kidnapper is quite a considerable person……

After wandering around the room aimlessly, I return my sight at the youth on the floor .

Un, he’s still lowering his head .

Is that it? You won’t do anything unless I say something thing?

I would already like the explanation .

Can’t be helped, let’s greet him first .

[Ah~ Umm, who are you and what do you want from me after bringing me here?]

When I spoke, the youth finally raised his head .

Un, as expected, he’s a terrible handsome young man .

A green eyes together with silver hair . A tall figure with facial features that would put Hollywood stars to shame .

The clothes he is wearing are plain and white, but that makes him look rather attractive .

I can’t find any faults .

This goes past envy, it may be worth of respect .

While I’m on such topic, he was also staring back at me who is impolitely observing him .

…… He’s still sitting on the floor, though .

Because he was looking at me like that, I had to tell him [Wait] as I would command a dog……

This, am I the bad guy? Am I getting misunderstood? I’m not a bad person, though!

He has been apologizing since the beginning, so I shouldn’t be at fault . Probably!

[…… How do you do? I’m Kayano Takumi]

[Thank you kindly for the politeness . My name is Sylphreel . Please, call my Syl]

[…………]

[…………]

Haa, he sighs and introduces himself while bowing .

He doesn’t do anything aside from that .

He properly answered me . Yosh, I can go ahead like this! Is what I though, but--。

--The conversation didn’t continue……

Why did it end with self-introductions?!

Where’s the follow-up? An explanation, please!

The one who knows the circumstances is you, Syl!

[…… Ah~--Syl-san, who are you, where am I and why am I here?]

[No need for honorifics . --From Takumi-san’s standpoint, I’m a god . This place is called a Holy sanctuary]

[………… Haa!?]

This youth is a god and this play is a sanctuary?

Is this a new scam?

[This is not a scam]

[!!]

Eh? Were my thoughts just read?

[No . Although I can read minds, I didn’t read that before]

[Then, how do you know!?]

[Somehow, I thought you wouldn’t believe so I intended to correct it]

Nonono! You have been like an abandoned puppy a while ago, why are you suddenly so calm?

It’s strange no matter how much I think about it!?

But, I understand! I have understood that I will get only tired talking to this person in a serious manner!

[……… Can you explain simply?]

[Ah, I’m sorry . I have killed you by mistake]

Too simple!!




Chapter 2

[Ah, I’m sorry . I have killed you by mistake]

Unexpected murder report .

It seems I have been somehow murdered by this god……

When we move to the sofa and I hear Syl’s explanation--

[Umm…… there appeared a “distortion” in a certain place, so I wanted to reinforce it, but I put too much power into it and it passed through . This “distortion” connected with a place where Takumi-san was at that time so… that… the great power passed through and directly hit Takumi-san…]

Haa--------………

I let out a lengthy sigh .

According to Syl’s explanation, he didn’t have any ill intent, but I died because of a trivial (?) power measurement error .

However, it doesn’t seem like it ends here .

Under the influence of the power which directly hit my body, I have been already extinguished . He apparently narrowly pulled my soul into this sanctuary, but my soul still received a great shock and because of that it’s not able to enter the circle of reincarnation again .

This seems to be the reason Syl was prostrating before me .

Uun…… Although I can’t reincarnate again, normally, a person who died won’t notice that he’s reincarnated, right?

A person who remembers his previous life should be rare, right?

All my 28 years of life would get “deleted, right?

I don’t know what happens after one dies naturally, but since I am able to hold a conversation like this, should I be delighted that my soul is safe?

[So, what is going happen to me from now on?]

[Eeeeh!?]

I judged that rather than worrying about death, what is going to happen to me from now on is more important so when I asked Syl made a strange face .

[Eh? Is there perhaps no after-sales service?]

Seriously!? Am I going to remain like this?

Will I remain a soul-like existence floating around?

Eh? Ghost? An unnatural existence?

[No, wrong! I have prepared for words of abuse, so Takumi-san’s words just greatly surprised me]

[Ah~ Un . I have a feeling that words of abuse would be more suitable for Syl]

[…………]

Although I should be angry, I don’t have the recollection of actually dying . Therefore, somehow, I don’t have any will to get angry .

Besides, Syl has been keeping a low profile since the beginning so I have no motivation?

If that was his intention that would make me, on the contrary, angry, but I have figured in this short time that Syl doesn’t know how to properly express himself .

[It’s a lie . I half joked]

[Ha, half!?]

[Un . Half . It’s true that you made a mistake in the measurement of power, reflect on it]

[…… Yes]

Un, I have figured out how to handle Syl .

Is it okay to handle a god with such attitude? Is what I thought, but since Syl doesn’t seem to mind, it’s alright I guess?

[I will leave depression for later . So, what is going happen to me?]

[Ah, yes . First, I will make Takumi-san a new body, then I will put your soul into it]

[A new body?]

[Yes . I will compose it for you with my power]

Syl is going to make it……

……………

…………

………

……

[……………… I’m worried you will fail and create something strange, though]

I’m somewhat uneasy…… Syl, he looks like the clumsy type…

Physical limbs are missing! Is not what will probably happen, but… I’m worried about the things with normal functions……

[I won’t! It’s all right!! I will use all my power to create a proper one!!]

[I have a feeling that all your power is dangerous so stop it . Create it carefully…… and then]

[Yes, I will do my best! Unfortunately, because Takumi-san’s new body will have my power dwelling inside, it won’t be able to return back to Earth . Therefore, I will move you to a different world I manage--Aetherdia . Right, it would be called a different world for Takumi-san]

Aetherdia is the world with five gods .

God of Creation, Malianor

Fire God, Salamanteel

Water God, Windell

Wind God, Sylphreel

Earth God, Nomoodle

The God of Creation, Malianor-sama is the chief god . Syl and the others support Malianor-sama .

And it’s apparently the well-known world of sword and magic .

[Fu~n . I have no physical ability, won’t I easily die, though?]

[It’s all right! I will make you a healthy body, after all! Also, I will give you skills!!]

[Skills, huh…]

[That’s right! Skills!! Do you have something, in particular, you would like?]

[Let’s see…… First, not knowing the language would be inconvential]

Language is important . Not having a mutual understanding spells trouble .

[Language and common knowledge are easy to insert to the body, don’t worry about it . Also, I will attach an appraisal skill]

[That’s good, I will leave it to you . Also, an item box! Do you have something like that?]

When it comes to a different world, it’s an item box, right?

The difficulty will change depending on its existence .

[There are high capacity magic tools called Magic Bag, but I recommend a variety of space magic《Infinite Storage》which also stops the passage of time]

[Oh~ that’s it! I would also want some self-defense magic or technique]

[I understand . If you don’t have any specifications, I will choose for you, is that all right?]

Infinite Storage! Sounds nice . Stopping passage of time sounds attractive .

Something to protect the body with is left!

Magic has lots of possibilities, huh… And it’s not like I will be able to use a weapon……

I don’t understand the varieties of magic, will it be okay to leave it to Syl? He’s more or less a god, he will probably choose something suitable, right?

[I will leave it to you . Also, please don’t throw me out penniless]

[I understand . It has been decided to use my attribute, wind magic for now then . I will insert the knowledge on using magic inside the body, okay! Also, I will put a necessary amount of money inside the 《Infinite Storage》!]

Syl is the Wind God, after all . Speaking of wind magic, Wind Cutter, and Air Bullet are basic, right? Maa~ If he inserts the knowledge inside the body, will I be able to use magic reflexively? That will be helpful if that’s the case .

Oh, moreover, not just money . What about an item! I want to ask .

[Are you ready? Takumi-san will have to sleep while I insert the soul inside the body, do you have something you want to ask before it’s too late?]

[Un? Is this the last time we can talk?]

[Talking directly won’t be possible for a while . If you pray towards my statue in a shrine, we should be able to converse]

[Is it all right to contact a god?]

[Yes . There won’t be any problem . There might be a time when I’m busy and unable to answer, but it should be okay to contact me anytime]

Language is okay . Knowledge is good . Essential skills and items are prepared .

Is it all right?

[I can’t think of anything right now, I will rely on the shrine if I have something]

[Yes . I will be waiting for you . I have caused you trouble . The next time you wake up, you will be in that world . Please, enjoy you new life without a fail]

I nod to Syl and my consciousness fades away .

Ah, I forgot to tell Syl to emphasize the work on my appearances .




Chapter 3


[Umm…《Open》]

First, in order to confirm the situation, I open the menu by relying on the inserted knowledge . Then, a black, half transparent window screen appears in front of me .

This is one of the special abilities Syl has given me .

=====

Status

【Name】Takumi Kayano

【Race】Human?［Wind God’s family (Temporary)］

【Class】

【Age】20

【Level】3

【Skills】

Light Magic 50 | Dark Magic 50

Wind Magic 150 | Space Magic 100

Life Magic 100

Swordsmanship 50 | Throwing 18

Appraisal 200 | Disembowel 100

Cooking 85 | Sewing 23

Washing 12 | Cleaning 31

Crafting 37

Arithmetics 107 | Reading 125

Physical Attack Resistance 300 | Magic Attack Resistance 300

【Titles】

Transmigrated From a Different World

Blessed by the God of Creation, Malianor

=====

A status screen appeared .

Alright, the name is my full name . Those with Family name are nobility! Though there are cases like that, it should to be all right .

Eeeh!? Race! Question mark!? I, I am not a human?

Rather, a follower? I have become god’s family (Temporary)!? I didn’t hear anything about this, Syl!!

Why!? Is what I thought, but thinking about it carefully, this body was made by Syl so it’s probably because of that……? He said something about his power dwelling inside…… it can’t be helped at this time…… let’s leave it at that .

Class . Blank space . Maa, that’s right .

20 years old… I became younger……

Level 3 . Un? …… Ah, did my level raise after killing the Red Wolf? Then, no problems here .

Skills are…… relatively decent…? To be honest, I thought Syl might forget because he’s like that . Un, I’m somehow relieved .

Let’s see…… the numbers are proficiency? 50 is generally “more or less usable”, over 100 is skilled . Over 200 is master rank . 300 is MAX? Getting that far is a miracle .

I see~ Looking at the proficiency numbers of the skills, the magic and such is what Syl gave me and cooking and such are what I already had originally?

Because I lived alone, cooking was mundane, I sewed my buttons and did some weekend carpentering .

Still, the resistances…… are completely strange? The proficiency is MAXED . Is this that? That thing Syl said he will choose himself? Ah, mou…… he was too enthusiastic…

Umm, next is titles . Titles are something like nicknames or aliases?

Transmigrated From a Different World…… Maa~ seems right .

The God of Creation Malianor is the chief god who is supported by the four others, right?

What is a blessing? When did I receive a blessing? Maa… while I was asleep, right…

But, wouldn’t it say “Blessing of the Wind God’s Sylphreel” normally?

--Piron♪

Ah, the titles increased .

Let’s see, let’s see……【Friend of Wind God Sylphreel】…………

Yosh! Let’s move on!

U~mm, next is……

There’s a tab beside status and item menu .

It’s a map .

When I try to view that, a map appears on the whole screen . This is apparently a world map .

Rough dotted lines are drawn, country names and their capitals are displayed . There are ten countries on the main continent . One island country . And one federal state on a small archipelago . There are 12 countries in total .

There’s a forest on the south side of a central country on the continent .

There’s small white pin stuck in the place it says[Gaya Forest] .

When I touch that pin, the map zooms in and the area around the pin becomes detailed .

Un, this is the place I’m at . I’m sure .

When I move while looking at the map, the pin also moves . Present location found!

I slide the map away and inquire about the details of this forest .

This[Gaya Forest]is large . Furthermore, this forest passed through five countries .

Where should I go? From my present location, the Tia Country in the east is closest . There’s a town called Shirin slightly away from the forest .

Let’s go there . The destination, a town called Shirin .

Umm, next is……

The next tab is item list . While thinking to examine that, I felt like someone was watching me, so I turned around and saw two little children looking at me .

Lapis lazuli colored hair and gold eyes . Thin bodies with simple ragged clothes stained with dirt .

Judging from the atmosphere, one is a girl and one a boy, but two of them looks exactly the same .

Twins?

It’s strange that there are children alone in the forest, I don’t sense any other people around .

[Are you lost? Did you come here alone?]

When I ask the most plausible reason, the children tilt their heads . They look blankly at me in silence .

When I take a step forward, they take a step back .

…… They seem to be cautious of me .

I use the appraisal skill and a window appears in front of me .

Seems like appraising people is possible .

=====

Status

【Name】

【Race】Human?

【Class】

【Age】5

【Level】12

【Skills】

Water Magic | Hand-to-hand Combat

Throwing | Presence Detection

Abnormal State Resistance

【Titles】

????

=====

It seems I’m not able to view skill proficiency of other people .

Or is it related to proficiency of my appraisal skill?

Nevertheless, why do I feel like the status of these two children is not normal…

The name parts are blank… it means that they don’t have names, right?

Also, “human?” again . Is that race normal over here?

The titles part is question marks…

N~ what should I do? First of all, leaving like this would be inhumane…

[There’s nothing to fear, won’t you come over here?]

Ah, they came when I called .

I had to drop on my knees and timidly beckon them, but they approached .

[Umm, 《Washing》… and《Heal》]

First, I cleaned their bodies with Life Magic . As the name suggest, Life Magic is closely related to livelihood . Wash the target with《Washing》, illuminate surroundings with《Light》, make things dry with《Dry》etc…… It has the smallest power, but it has a wide range of uses, it’s a convenient magic usable with the smallest amount of magic power .

The eyes of the two shined and blinked in surprise, but they probably judged that they are in no danger so they didn’t run away .

After making their bodies clean, I could see small wounds all over their bodies so I healed them with healing magic . Healing Magic is Light attribute magic so I have it .

[Yosh! This is good . The next is a meal……]

They are this thin, they must be very hungry .

I check the item list while thinking so .

[Umm, there is…… money, equipment, medicine… water and food . Food is… umm…… hard-baked bread and dried meat… It seems too hard for the children right now . It seems hard to digest… Ah, fruit . Would this be easier to eat?]

The fruit, Ranka is sweet and rehydrating, it greatly resembles a peach . I retrieve fruits from the《Infinite Storage》and offer it to the two children .

[Here, eat this]

I place the fruit in the hands of the two children .

The two examine and sniff the Ranka fruit in their hands . After a while, they confirm that it’s not dangerous and start eating .

They look like small animals .

Seeing them comfortably eating, I once again confirm the contents of the item list .

[There’s also… raw meat, vegetables, and wheat flour…… huh……]

…… Syl . Even if you give me ingredients, I can’t cook without seasonings……

--Piron♪

Ah, an item was added .

A set of kitchen utensils and seasonings were added to the item list after I complained towards Syl . Seems like Syl confirmed the circumstances over here and send me the items .

There’s only one thing I can do!

I would love tableware . Additional change of clothes and towels would be nice .

Ah, there a considerable distance from here to the nearest town . An overcoat or blanket would really help for camping .

--Piron♪

I heard a mechanical sound from somewhere and a large quantity of items was added to the list .

…… Un . Syl, thank you .

While I was doing that, the children finished eating the fruit and jii~ were staring at me .

Because the clothes added to the item list were not only for me, but even for the children, I decided to change their clothes .

I click on the《Clothes》on the item list and retrieve clothes from the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Isn’t it too tight, can you move freely?]

Oh, they nodded . It seems all right .

These children, although they do not talk, they properly understand me, right?

[I’m now going to leave the forest and go to the nearby town, do you want to go together with me?]

I can’t leave the children here so I ask them, the two children look at each other .

They seem to be conversing . Although they are not talking…

Is that it? The mutual understanding between twins?

They look at me . Did they decide? Nodding means they want to go with me, right?

[I’m Takumi . Best regards]




Chapter 4

As expected, those two don’t have names .

Therefore--

[Yosh, I decided! You are Allen . And you are Elena]

I think it would be inconvenient from now on if they didn’t have names, I named the boy Allen, and the girl Elena .

I somehow felt these names would be suitable .

Were the names appropriate? Allen and Elene seem satisfied so it’s okay .

When I checked their statuses, it had already recognized them as Allen and Elena .

I don’t know what criteria it has been decided on, but changing it again is now impossible . Hahaha~!

In such way, the three of us peacefully walk through the forest .

The two children are thin, but they have stamina . They are following me without complaining .

However, because they are without a doubt children, I take a break and let them drink water and eat dried persimmons .

Dried persimmons? It something Syl has added into my inventory . There are several types of dried fruit, there was also some onigiri, but they are already eaten .

By the way, rice does exist in Aetherdia . It’s called white wheat over here and is mainly used as feed for domestic animals .

If I want to buy some, I will have no chance buy to purchase it from a domestic animal farmhouse?

Ah! It seems something similar to soy sauce and miso also exists!

After all, for a Japanese, it’s a rice! Soy Sauce! Miso! Right~ I’m glad this world also have them~♪

Has it been approximately after an hour that we started walking again? Allen and Elena started suddenly running .

[Eh? What!?]

What came into my sight was two children chasing after a huge boar three times the size of them--I saw them charging at a Giant Boar .

[Allen! Elena!]

They run with all their power, but they doesn’t seem to be able to catch up . They are obviously chasing after a monster .

I can’t shoot the monster with magic because the two are there .

What should I do!? While thinking so--

Allen and Elena vigorously run towards one of the Giant Boars without stopping and give it a flying kick .

The Giant Boar they kicked screams[Buhi]and gets blown off backward .

Once they kick it, they jump up right after landing and give an axe kick to the Wild Boars neck .

The Giant Boar goes doshin and collapses .

[………]

So strong! What are these five-year-olds!!

These children certainly are level 12, but… Eh, is this normal!? A common sense of children of this world?

That can’t be true . Normal children would die .

While I unconsciously stopped running because of the shock and stood in place absentmindedly, Allen and Elena returned to my place as if nothing happened .

[[………]]

[…… Haa--- You two… you knew there was a Giant Boar so you started running?]

Two two children nod at my deep sigh .

They seem to understand .

[Would you tell me next time you found something before you start running?]

The two children nod again .

Don’t they have any sense of danger…? It’s a great achievement that these two young children survived like this until now, but if they keep on running away each time a monster appears, I will be in a bind .

I’m taking care of the children, letting them protect me would be foolish .

After confirming the two aren’t injured I lightly pat their heads, then I face the defeated Giant Boar .

They probably don’t know that monster meat can be eaten . Allen and Elena are ignoring the downed monster .

They don’t have a knife to dismantle it, nor they are able to build fire to cook it, so it may not have any significance for these two .

I collect the Giant Boar while the two look at me with “What are you going to do with that?” expressions .

First of all, let’s store it inside my《Infinite Sotrage》 . If I can sell this in the town, I will purchase supplies for these two .

After deciding, I beckon the two children and walk towards outside of the forest .

After that .

Following Giant Boar the three of us encountered the Bloody Bear, Red Wolf x2, Great Monkey x2 .

Each time, when Allen and Elena noticed a monster, they would pull on my clothes or arms to let me know .

However! Right after letting me know, they would immediately run off and start chasing monsters bigger than me .

Not knowing what to do with them, I checked for injuries then patted their heads . The two children close their eyes and smile in comfort while I pat them .

Are? Doesn’t this mean I’m praising them?

That’s why the two run off chasing after monsters…?

I thought that my real intentions didn’t transmit, but I couldn’t stop myself from patting Allen’s and Elena’s heads .




Chapter 5

The overall dark forest became even darker .

Seems like the sun went down .

That being the case, I decided to stop advancing for today .

[Allen, Elena . I will make a fire so help me gather some wood]

Saying that, I pick up a fallen twig, Allen and Elena imitate me and start gathering .

What should I do for dinner?

Syl has supplied me with some ordinary bread, so… let’s make a simple vegetable soup .

Should I also dismantle the monster meat and make some meat skewers?

The two children are bright so if I let them eat the dismantled meat, they will realize that monster meat can be consumed .

I store the gathered twigs in the《Infinite Storage》and take out one Red Wolf .

This is the fellow I killed with the air bullet . Maa, I have no other way at the moment……

I retrieve a knife, I cut open the Red Wolf’s abdomen first to drain the blood in order to start processing .

If I defeated the Red Wolf with a sword, I would pay attention to the value of the fur and start processing from the wounds, but there is no conspicuous wound by killing it with an air bullet, so starting at its abdomen is the theory .

I have the knowledge of dismantling, I even have the skill . Because of that, the dismantling process is mysteriously imprinted in my body .

There’s no challenge even though I’m dismantling for the first time . My body moves without hesitation . Even the blood flowing from its cut open abdomen is taken for granted .

The new body itself doesn’t feel uncomfortable, but I have realized that the previous Kayano Takumi and the present Kayano Takumi are different .

The dismantling advanced without a delay .

Allen and Elena ji~ were staring at my first dismantling .

It’s a gain if they remember the process even if only a little . Still, they are only 5 years old so I really don’t expect them to start dismantling anytime soon .

After I finish, I store the fur, materials, and meat into the《Infinite Storage》and bury the non-usable internal organs in a hole I dug beforehand . The air is filled with the scent of blood so I disperse it with Wind Magic, I washed my body with《Washing》and decided to move a bit just in case .

Now then, with the preparations complete, let’s start making the dinner .

First, I make a simple stove with the stones and light the fire .

I have a Life Magic《Ignition》which allows me to make a fire, but I used something called Ignition Stone in order to show Allen and Elena how to make a fire with tools .

Maa, it’s that . It’s similar to a match .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Ignition Stone】

A stone that bursts into a fire when directly injected with magic power .

Because only fragments of the stone are used, it’s mostly disposable .

Because they won’t be activated unless directly injected with magic power, storing them away in《Infinite Storage》is possible .

＝＝＝＝＝

Once the fire is lit, I pour water into a small pot and put it on the stove . Before the water starts boiling, I cut the Red Wolf meat into easy to eat pieces, pierce it on skewers and lightly salt it . I stab it around the stove and let it grill .

Once the water in the pot is boiling, I add vegetables and adjust the taste with a stock cube and salt .

The stock soup is a Japan-like product . It’s a chicken consomme cube of a certain manufacturer1 . There was no packing so I can’t tell certainly, though .

The meat also looks ready when the soup is completed .

When I handed the grilled Red Wolf meat to Allen and Elena, they both sunk their teeth in without any hesitation . However, the the grilled meat was piping hot so they separated their mouths from it in panic .

I take my share of meat skewers and fuufuu show them how to cool it down .

Oh! Red Wolf meat is surprisingly tasty .

Seeing my way of eating, the two children fuufuu imitate me and blow on their skewers and eat .

This seems to be their first time eating with tableware, so I carefully teach them how to hold a spoon . The children start eating the soup while tightly grasping their spoons .

We have met just a half a day ago, but the two twins are surprisingly attached to me .

They started eating straight away without cautiously sniffing it like before . They are now eating without hesitation .

[Is it tasty?]

The two nod at my question .

Un, they are all smiles .

Since there is nothing to do after the meal, I intend to sleep even though it just became dark . It would be better to get up earlier in the morning .

Thinking so, I retrieve a Barrier Stones .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Barrier Stone】

A magic tool that can raise a barrier .

The barrier is set up by stabbing the stake-like stones in the ground in four cardinal directions formation . It prevents monsters from entering the space between the stones .

At least four stones are necessary, the bigger the space between the stones is, the thinner the barrier gets .

＝＝＝＝＝

Un, it’s a convenient tool .

I set up the stones 3~4m in all directions . With this, I can sleep in peace without having to worry about being attacked by monsters .

Lying on the ground would be indeed painful so I wrap myself in a blanket and sit against a tree .

Is this the most comfortable? What about the children?

After sitting down, I look at Allen and Elena, but they are standing still, not knowing what to do .

[Allen, Elena . Come]

The two immediately came to me after calling them .

Then, I sit them to my sides, extend my hands around them and wrap them with my blanket .

The two got surprised and couldn’t settle down, but they soon clung to me .

The children’s bodies are warm like a hot-water bottle, warm and comfortable . It’s not surprising, but I got exhausted by the new environment . The sleepiness attacks me immediately and I fall asleep at once .




Chapter 6

We were able to safely pass through the Gaya Forest!

We have encountered many monsters, but I honestly pleaded to Allen and Elena to let me defeat them, and I brought them down with magic .

I’m glad the children are so understanding! Thanks to that, my level has raised to 11!

Even so, the forest is bigger than I thought . It took three full days to get out of the forest . Although I’m saying that, our pace was slow and we picked up fruits and herbs on the way .

We got out of the forest’s eastern side on the fourth day . I don’t know how long it would take to get out of the depths of the forest, but it was quite the distance to get out from the edge of the forest . It takes probably more than a month .

Ah! By the way, unlike Earth where the week has 7 days, Aetherdia’s week is 6 days long .

In order--

Day of the Light, Day of the Fire, Day of the Water, Day of the Wind, Day of the Earth, Day of the Darkness

--They are called like that .

24 hours makes a day, 6 days makes a week, and 5 weeks makes a month .

30 days is a month and 12 months is a year . Therefore, one year consists 360 days .

The months are called without a change, First Month, Second Month, Third Month……

First~Third months are Spring

Fourth~Sixth months are Summer

Seventh~Ninth months are Fall

Tenth~Twelfth months are Winter

They are not much different from Japan’s seasons . East of the continent is warmer, west is colder .

The eastern territories are the hottest in Summer, west territories are the coldest in the Winter .

By the way, it is the Third Month now . Gadia’s weather is very nice .

An empty grassland spreads before us after leaving the forest . There was something that could be considered a road so we walked for around 4 hours along it before seeing a town .

When we arrive at the gates of the town Shirin, soldiers… no, they are knights . Three knights are on the watch .

The town of Shirin is endorsed as a Rank A impregnable town at the edge of[Gaya Forest] .

N? That’s right . We are in a very dangerous place .

The superior monsters are near the heart of the forest, so the monsters we have encountered were all relatively weak .

But, it’s not known when a strong monster will come out of the forest . There’s a branch of the Knights precisely because the town of Shirin is in such a place .

These knights are guarding the west gate we came to . One of the knight is waiting for us .

[You! Did you come from the Gaya Forest?]

[Yes . That’s right]

The knight makes a surprised expression at my obedient answer .

Maa~ it’s a dangerous place . I myself don’t look any strong and even if I was, it’s not a place one would normally take children with him .

[There were medicinal herbs I needed . We didn’t go too deep and these children are strong enough to defend themselves]

As expected, I can’t say that I was transferred to the forest by a god and it’s better to answer honestly instead of making poor excuses .

Actually, we didn’t go to the heart of the forest and we gathered herbs . It’s also the truth that the children are strong .

[Did you get the herbs you needed?]

[Yes . Fortunately, I was able to obtain them in a nearby place]

[I see . Don’t be too reckless . Then, you are entering the town, right?]

[Thank you very much for the advice . Of course, I would like to enter the town, but this is a gate one can enter and exit freely, right?]

The gates are normally open during the daytime, but this gate is closed for some reason .

But, I check just in case .

[This is a gate that only a few people come in and out, after all]

Ah, I see . It’s such a thing .

The knight answers after looking at the gate and realizing that we are locked out .

This place is directly facing the Gaya Forest so only authorized knights and high ranked adventurers are utilizing it . Ordinary people rarely approach the gate so there’s no reason to keep the gate open when there’s no traffic .

[Hand me the identification papers]

[I’m sorry . We come from a rural village so we don’t have identification papers yet]

[Come this way if that’s the case . We have to do the inspection and other procedures]

[Yes . Sorry for the inconvenience, but I will be troubling you]

[Don’t worry about it, that’s our job!]

[First, please put your hand on this crystal]

We were taken to a small office-like room and a crystal was presented in front of me .

I put my hand on it as I was told to . When I do so, the crystal emits a faint white light .

This is a tool that determines whether one is a criminal or not when touched . It will start shining red if one is a criminal .

When one commits a crime, he will receive a corresponding title, the crystal seems to be reacting to that .

Also, when people want to start living in the town or when a baby is born, a resident card would be issued and a magic power will be registered at the same time . When the crystal finds out a person who committed a crime, the data would spread through the other crystals distributed worldwide, making it easy for other locations to understand that a criminal is trying to enter the town . Meaning, it’s waste of time trying to flee the country .

[Un . There are no problems . Please, let me inspect the children next]

Allen and Elena took turns putting their hands at the crystal . There were no problems so I had to pay the 200G (Minors are half the price) toll next .

I pretended that I’m taking money from the pocket while I retrieved 400G from the《Infinite Storage》 .

This is from the knowledge that was inserted into my body, but it seems that there are not many people who have a Space Magic . Therefore, I decided to not use it in public .

The plan is to buy a small bag and use it as if it was a Magic Bag .

Right, right, the money on Aetherdia is called G(old)--

Copper Coin = 1G

Large Copper Coin = 10G

Silver Coin = 100G

Large Silver Coin = 1,000G

Gold Coin = 10,000G

Large Gold Coin = 100,000G

Platinum Coin = 1,000,000G

--The money is using such decimal system .

One Copper Coin has a value of around 10 yen . Therefore, the toll costs around 2,000 yen .

By the way, the amount of money I have presently at hand is approximately 1,000,000G . That makes about 10,000,000 yen .

Syl, so generous!

Also, what is strange that the money is listed as “G” in the item list, but I’m able to retrieve any coin .

Is exchanging Copper for Silver hard? . Is what I thought at first . But, I can take out the whole amount in copper coins and I can take it out even in gold coins . How convenient…

[This will be your temporary identification papers . It’s necessary during your stay in town so don’t lose it . Also, if you plan to stay in the town for long, official identification papers would be needed to make]

[Yes . The plan is to register at the Adventurer guild]

[I see . Then, as soon as your registration is completed, return the temporary identification papers here]

[I understand]

I ask the kind Knight-samas about a recommended inn and enter the town .

We advance on the street to the inn the knights recommended to me .

The number of the people walking down the street is quite high, is it because the town is near the borders?

It seems that Allen and Elena see this many people for the first time as they are clinging around my waist as if glued to it .

This timid action is very cute, but it’s hard to walk .

This is it,[Komadori Pavilion] . The recommended inn .

It’s is an excellent establishment with good security and affordable prices, that’s what the knights told me .

When I open the door, Obasan in her 40 greets us .

[I’d like to stay, do you have a vacant room?]

[We have a room . One night for one is 400G, 500G with dinner and breakfast . Hot bath requires a separate fee . ]

When I ask, Obasan politely replies .

[These children are with me, is it all right? They are obedient children, I don’t think they will be an annoyance]

Small children may cry in the middle of a night, which may cause trouble later so I’m asking beforehand .

[Yes . It’s all right . They are small so they will be fine sleeping in one bed]

It seems okay . The knight-samas might have recommended this inn with that in mind .

Moreover, it seems there’s discount for children .

[Allen, Elena . Are you okay sleeping in one bed?]

When I ask the two who are clinging to me, they start clinging to me even more for some reason .

Uun? Does this mean no?

[Arara . It seems both of them really love Oniisan~ In that case, we have a room with a large bed, would you like to take that room?]

So not a twin, but a double room?

From the looks of it, it’s unlikely that they will sleep in a separate bed .

[Let’s do that . That room with the meal, please]

Because it’s needed to pay in advance, I have paid for a week for now . It’s a recommended inn by the knight-samas, it’s surely all right .

And then, since there’s still time until the dinner, I have asked for a location of a certain place and left the inn .




Chapter 7

The destination is a Shrine . It’s roughly in the center of the town .

It’s a white, stone building . Although old, the white color is preserved and the ivy crawling over the walls leaves a deep impression .

A big belfry is attached to the roof, just right now, dong, dong…… six chimes reverberate around the whole town .

The bell resounds every day at fixed times . It works as a clock for those who don’t possess a high price magic tool . It basically substitutes a watch .

It chimes once at 6 in the morning . Then, the chime increases once every two hours, the Shrine’s bell chimes until 10 in the evening where it chimes nine times .

Get up with a chime and sleep with nine . The people live around this bell .

Anyone can freely enter and exit the Shrine chapel .

The inside is spacious enough to accommodate a good number of people, a passage spreads straight to the altar in the back of the chapel from the entrance .

Oblong stools that can fit several adults each are lined along both sides of the passage, facing the altar .

A light shines from the high ceiling, illuminating the chapel .

Serenity . 5 stone statues are in the interior of the altar wrapped in such atmosphere .

A statue of a woman in the middle . This must be the God of Creation Malianor . On both sides of Malianor-sama are five statues of men . On her right-hand side, there is the Fire God Salamanteel-sama and the Earth God Nomoodle-sama . On her left-hand side, the Water God Windell-sama and Wind God Sylphreel-sama--It’s Syl .

[Will you wait here for a while?]

I sit Allen and Elena on one of the stools, stand in front of the statue of Syl and look at it .

Ah, it’s Syl .

The stone statue has exactly the same appearances I remember .

People normally glorify and exaggerate the appearances of a god, but it seems that the actual appearances of gods have been properly transmitted to the people of Aetherdia .

（Syl~ Can you hear me?）

I close my eyes and call Syl at once .

(Takumi-san, I can hear you)

Syl immediately answers back .

It seems my voice reached him properly .

(Did you get used to the life over there?)

(I have arrived at the town just today . So I don’t think I can say I got already used to it . But, I didn’t have a hard time thanks to the magic and the convenient tools)

(That is good)

Syl was really concerned about me, it felt like that .

Having people that are concerned about you is nice . It feels somewhat warming .

--However! This and that are different things!

(Right, Syl)

(What is it?)

(You didn’t tell me . Isn’t there something that you have to say to me?)

I can imagine Syl’s body piki~in stiffen .

(W, what are you saying, I, I don’t know~)

…… No, you are definitely shaking .

If you are going to pretend ignorance, I’m going to put on a little better performance .

(Hoho~u… I see… You don’t know? Then, it can’t be helped . They finally seem to taken liking to me, but if Syl doesn’t know then I will have to put the poor children into an orphanage--)

(Wa, waa~!! Wait~!!

He gave up at once… I thought you were going to feign ignorance for a bit more, though~……

(I’m so~rry)

Ah, I don’t see him, but he’s definitely… prostrating……

(I thought it was strange . The starting location being A rank[Gaya Forest], after all . No matter how you look at it, you would normally start at such impossible place! But, I was able to leave the forest before encountering a strong monster . Besides, it’s strange for children to be in such a place! Moreover, they are “Human?” you know? At first I thought, there’s a race like that in this world~ but, when I arrived at the town and appraised the people there, everyone was a normal human, demihuman, and suchmon . I was fully suspecting you, Syl . So, what’s going on?)

(Uu~)

(Don’t cry and start explaining . It’s not like I will get angry or anything)

Syl bursts into tears while prostrating .

Nono, you are a god, right? First… no, first is Malianor-sama so you are the second most important person, right? Why are you so brittle?

(Go on)

(It can’t be said from my mouth……)

(…………)

When I urge the sobbing Syl to explain, he lets out some unexpected words .

What? “Can’t say”…… moreover, Syl said, “from my”…

N~…

Is he forbidden to speak?

From whom?

No… if that’s the case, wouldn’t that be strange?

If he imprudently spills it out, would he get in trouble…?

An existence that can forbid Syl, a god from speaking, I can think only of those four .

(Say, Syl . Wind God, Fire God, Water God, Earth God, do you share nonaggression, territory or such things…between each other?)

(……… We do)

I see . They do……

That means, there’s another god who has a relation with Allen and Elena?

I don’t think it’s Malianor-sama . Then, it’s someone between Fire, Water, and Earth…

(It’s just, those children are no ordinary children, leaving them would be dangerous…… I can tell you only that)

(I understand . I won’t ask anymore . Just… am I all right?)

(Takumi-san has become a part of my family, but it doesn’t change the fact that you will be living on Aetherdia like a normal human so… There’s just no control restriction, so there’s no limit to what you can do)

(Is there no problem with you assisting me?)

(Yes . It doesn’t change that Takumi-san is my family and since you have received a blessing from Malianor-sama it’s only natural to offer assistance)

(So, in the end, we are using a loophole……)

Allen and Elena are related to a god . Moreover, not just followers, something more important .

It’s just my conjecture since I can’t get more details, though .

…… At any rate--

(……… Wasn’t my existence godsend?)

(… You are angry…… right?)

(Speaking honestly, if only you told me right away instead of stealthily scheming…… is what I’m thinking)

(I’m really sorry……)

(It’s okay already . It’s okay to rely on you when I encounter trouble, right?)

(Yes! I don’t mind no matter how trivial it is . Please, contact me anytime!)

(I understand . I will be relying on you at that time . Laters)

The conversation with Syl was forcibly ended in the middle .

Syl himself is hopeless, I can understand his reasoning, but I was used, after all, I couldn’t erase my negative emotions .

However, I’m definitely not angry nor disappointed .

My new heart just probably didn’t settle properly yet . I think there won’t be any problems if I give it a while . Once it’s settled, I will contact Syl again and make many demands . That will make the offset .

[Allen, Elena . Come here]

Once my heart settled, I turn around and call the twins over .

When I call them, the two immediately trot over to me, I crouch and hold them in my arms .

[Thank you for waiting . Shall we return to the inn?]

I walk back to the inn with two smiling children in my arms and setting sun in the back .




Chapter 8

Good morning . Sleeping in the bed is indeed nice .

I have children on both of my sides so I can’t really move, though .

Apart from that, listen to this! I didn’t notice because I didn’t have a mirror until now, but my eyes are green! When I saw my reflection in one of the windows, I was really startled . It’s the same jade green as Syl’s .

Because nothing was said regarding my appearances and I didn’t request anything, so the appearances were done without my consent . Black hair was a necessity…

Maa, there are no problems if my eye color is different .

Now then, after we slowly finished breakfast, we headed to the Adventurer’s Guild .

It’s a building with a sign of a pentagon shield with two crossed swords .

When we enter inside, a spacious hall comes to sight . Because I came here today only to register, we set off with the third chime, but there are adventurers still loitering around here and there . Because these people are wearing armor and carrying weapons, there’s no doubt that they are adventurers .

They are mostly concentrated around the bulletin board on the left side of the hall . That’s most likely the place where requests are put .

Maa~ but, there’s an available receptionist at the counter so I wasn’t wrong to come at this time .

Without further ado, I take Allen and Elena and approach the receptionist .

[Good morning . What may I help you with?]

The female guild receptionist greets us with a sweet business smile .

[Adventurer registration, please . Ah, these children too . There’s no age restriction, is there?]

When I convey my business, the receptionist looks at Allen and Elena . A surprised look appears on her face, but she immediately returns to her original expression .

Small children like these rarely come here, right?

The age of majority in this world is 15, but it’s not unusual to start working earlier . Although I say that, it’s just helping parents with work or routine tasks for the town . The Guild also has requests related to routine tasks for the town . However, most of the children who work like that are over 10 years old…

[Yes . There’s no age restriction so registration is possible . Please fill the necessary information on this form . Do you require amanuensis1 ?]

[No, it’s all right . Thank you very much]

I give my thanks, receive the form and pen and check the contents . The necessary items to fill are the name, age, and special skill (Primary way of fighting) . It’s only these three items .

I have never seen the characters the form is written in before, but I properly understand them . There are no problems with writing .

After checking the form over, I fill out three papers .

For the special skills item, it’s magic (Wind) for me, and hand to hand combat for Allen and Elena .

I hand the forms to the receptionist after filling them out .

[Yes, thank you very much . Please wait a moment until the card is completed]

When the receptionist miss received the forms, she checked whether there are some problems and then she started operating a crystal .

After several minutes, she lines up three credit card-like metal cards on the counter .

[Please check whether the name is correct then drip a drop of blood on the card . This will complete the registration . After the registration is completed, please check for abnormalities]

The Guild Card is a magic tool . The [ownership]of the card is determined by the blood and no one aside from the owner won’t be able to use it .

First, I drip blood on my card and register it .

＝＝＝＝＝

＊Takumi Kayano

＊Human

＊20 years old

＊Personal Rank F

＊Party Rank —

【Request Record】

【Dungeon Record】

【Level】11

【Skills】

Light Magic | Dark Magic | Wind Magic | Life Magic

Swordsmanship | Throwing | Appraisal | Dismantling | Gathering

Cooking | Sewing | Washing | Cleaning | Crafting | Arithmetics | Reading

Abnormal Status Resistance | Mental Status Resistance

Physical Attack Resistance | Magic Attack Resistance

【Titles】

Transmigrated From a Different World

Blessed by the God of Creation, Malianor

Friend of Wind God Sylphreel

【Money】0G

＝＝＝＝＝

A good amount of information is written on the card .

Ah, I’m glad . It says I’m an ordinary Human .

There are 5 “＊” main entries are obligatory to display, therefore, it, fortunately, doesn’t display the family . I feel relieved because the other information is optional and can be hidden . With this, only those with permission will be able to see my details .

There’s a possibility that Guild staff would need to read it, but it should be all right if I just conceal the necessary details .

After that, Allen and Elena drip their blood on the cards and I don’t forget to alter their settings .

[There’s a fee for reissue, so please be careful of losing it . Would you like to hear the explanation about the guild?]

There’s no fee to register as an adventurer, but it seems it costs 2,000G (2 Large Silver Coins) for reissue the card if lost .

I have the knowledge about the rules of the guild, but because it would be troublesome if there is some discrepancy, I request for the explanation . [Well then] Miss receptionist bowed and began the explanation .

First, the explanation about the ranks .

The ranks begin at F, and raising to E, D, C, B, A and S .

Rule of a thumb of the ranks--

F Rank – Newcomer

E Rank – Fledgling

D Rank – Full-fledged

C Rank – Skilled

B Rank – Superior

A Rank – Superior+α

S Rank – Hero

--Those are the standards .

In addition, there’s something called a party where several people handle a single request . In that case, the Party Rank becomes the average rank of the party members .

The Requests which are located on the Request Board (Request Subject, Reward, Time Period are written on them) you bring them from the board to the reception and once accepted, you can begin the request .

There’s a recommended rank written on the Request and you are able to receive requests one rank above yours . The reward is received after completion, there is no penalty fee for failure .

The number of successful and failed requests is considered during a rank up . It’s harder to rank up with too many failures and there even exists a penalty for consecutive failures .

Also, if you don’t receive requests in three years, the registration will be revoked, and the registration will be disposed of if you commit vicious acts .

With the exception of materials collected for the requests, it’s possible to sell monster materials, ingredients, etc . at the Guild’s counter . There are fixed prices which profit the adventurers .

Of course, adventurers are free to sell their materials to individual shops, but if problems arise, the Adventurer’s Guild won’t get involved .

In addition, the Guild functions as a bank and the money deposited at the Guild can be withdrawn at any Guild branch in any country .

And last, the Guild does not involve in quarrels between fellow adventurers, injuries and in the worst case death are all self-responsibility . This concludes the explanation .

[This is all . Do you have any questions?]

[Yes, the party registration, please]

[I understand . Your guild cards, please]

I register me, Allen and Elena as a party at once .

The party’s name is[White Wings] . I imagined angels since the children are god’s relatives .

I have money that I received from Syl, but it’s a finite amount, so I have to work for a steady income .

The identification papers were the purpose, but in a different world, it has to be Adventurer, right!

Therefore, I simply registered as an adventurer .

But, the problem is Allen and Elena .

It would be best if Allen and Ellen could do house-sitting when I’m on a request, but I think those two would definitely follow me .

Maa, the children are strong, they won’t become a burden . If that’s the case, it would be best to prepare everything right from the start .

It would be better than having them sneaking away during the house-sitting . Besides, I want those two to see various things and places!

[The registration is complete]

[Thank you very much]

[Will you receive a request today?]

[No…… ah! If I have medicinal herbs or monster materials at hand, will there be any problem using them for a request?]

[No, if the condition of the material is good, there are no problems . Do you have anything with you?]

[No, just making sure . Would it be alright to trouble you again if I have more questions later?]

[Yes . I’m responsible for reception, my name is Luna . I look forward working with you]

[Thank you very much . You probably already know, but I’m Takumi . Please treat me well]

I recalled the materials from the Gaya Forest, but as expected, a newcomer who just registered bringing out such things would bring too much attention so I gave up .

Then, after giving my thanks to the polite receptionist miss--Luna-san, I take Allen and Elena and leave the guild .

After that, I went to return the temporary identification papers to the west gate and wandered around the town aimlessly afterwards .



Chapter 9


When I wake up in the morning, Allen and Elena were already up . They are clinging on both of my sides staring at my face fixedly .

This has become a habit since our first camping in the forest .

[…… Morning]

[[……Mor… ning…]]

[!!]

They greeted me!! Allen and Elena spoke!

What adorable voices!

I who was greatly impressed hugged the two children reflectively .

◇ ◇ ◇

After having my fill of embracing the two, I finished preparations and we went to the guild .

It’s full of people, unlike yesterday . I go towards the low-rank Request Board while Allen and Elena are tightly sticking to me in order to not get separated .

A low-rank male and female adventurers around my age are gazing at the board .

A great number of Requests are closely packed together on the board .

There are three main types of Requests .

Gathering Request--A gathering job of a specific herbs or monster material .

Subjugation Request--A job to defeat a designated monster . After defeating it, a part of its body is necessary as a subjugation proof .

Escort Request--A job to escort a person/item from a town to a town or protect them in a specific location .

There are little to nothing Escort Requests for low-rankers . So I will be choosing between gathering and subjugation .

N~ what should I pick…… Would taking a gathering herbs request at first be better? With that, Allen and Elena can go with me…

Thinking that, I pick one of the Requests and stand in the queue at the counter .

[The next person]

[Thank you]

My turn finally came .

The receptionist behind the counter is the same that took care of us yesterday, Luna-san .

[Ara, Takumi-san . Good morning . A Request?]

[Good morning . This is the Request, please]

[Excuse me…… A gathering of Lilie Grass, I see . Your Guild Card, please]

I hand the Request I picked to Luna-san after light greetings .

Luna-san confirmed the contents of the Request, received my Guild Card and quickly operated the crystal .

[10 Lilie Grasses is considered a batch so please be careful . The time limit is until three days later]

Luna-san explains the important points of the Request .

[Thank you very much]

While saying my thanks, I received back my Guild Card and we leave the Guild .

We go towards the south gate at once .

There is a small forest in the south of Shirin . There are no monsters aside from E, F Rank slimes, and wolves . It’s a relatively safe area so it’s just the right place for newcomers and unskilled adventurers .

[Allen, Elena . This is the Lilie Grass]

After getting to the forest, I immediately find the Lilie Grass and show it to children . It has a dark green stalk with several jagged maple-like leaves .

The Lilie roots aren’t necessary so I cut the stalk and pick it up without the roots .

[If you find it, gather it like this . Understood?]

After Allen and Elena nod, they start searching the area for Lilie Grass at once .

They found it immediately . They timidly hold it in their tiny hands and trot over to me .

They uneasily look at me while holding out the Lilie Grass to me .

[It’s all right, this is the one . You did great~]

I pat the two children’s heads and receive the Lilie Grass while praising them .

Happy for being praised, kya, kya they make a merry and run off looking for another Lilie Grass .

I’m glad . It seems that their emotions and voices are returning little by little .

I feel relieved that they are growing in the right direction .

Now then, I should also start looking around~

I found the plant right after I began the search .

Oh, Cren Grass and Maryoku Grass are also there . There was a request for that too if I’m not mistaken . Let’s gather that too . Even if the Request won’t be there anymore, I can just store it in the《Infinite Storage》for the time being .

Thinking that, I gather one plant after another .

Along the way, Allen and Elena learned the characteristics of the various plants I was picking and also started looking for them .

Our gathering in the forest continues until the noon and the prepared jute bag was full of gathered herbs .

We gathered a sufficient amount .

[Allen, Elena . Let’s stop for today]

When I call the two, they trot over to me with hands full of herbs .

[You both gathered so much~ Amazing~]

When I praise them after receiving the plants, the two children make joyful expressions .

So cute~ The two laughed a lot today .

[Yosh, let’s return to town after eating a meal]

We left the forest, sat in the middle of a meadow with a great scenery, and returned to the town after eating the food I bought at the stall in the town .

◇ ◇ ◇

When we return to the Guild, I go straight to the Request Board and look for Requests with other herbs .

Umm… Cren Grass, Maryoku Grass, oh, Fenze Grass is also there .

I pick the Requests after comparing the gathered plants with the Requests . I have many plants that are insufficient numbers so I decide to store them in《Infinite Storage》and go to the counter .

[Welcome back]

The one who greeted me at the counter was Luna-san again .

[We have returned . These Requests in addition to the Request we have received this morning]

[I will confirm . Put the materials in this basket please]

After exchanging greetings, I put the Guild Card together with the new Requests on the counter . Luna-san received them and took out a basket .

I place the herbs into that basket . Because all kinds of herbs were in the 10 Requests I picked, I line them up while counting .

[… Y, you have quite a lot . It’s quite difficult to gather this much in half a day…]

[It’s because the children did their best]

The herbs turned into a heap because the basket is unexpectedly small .

Luna-san was a slightly surprised at the amount of herbs I took out, but she promptly started checking the herbs .

[This is this time’s reward]

Once the confirmation of the herbs is done, the reward money is presented . I confirm the amount of money at the counter and put them into a bag .

And when I think of returning--

[Why are brats in here!]

A large, bald adventurer comes over while shouting .




Chapter 10

[Why are brats in here!]

A loud voice echoes around the Guild .

That voice gathers the attention of the other people around .

[They are my company, is there a problem?]

[This is not a place for brats to play!]

[No… they are obediently behaving, right? I don’t think they are being a nuisance to you, but?]

[There are nuisance just by being here!]

[Just by being here, you say…… give me a break…]

This is the type of person who would pick up a fight no matter what I say . I’m certain my words won’t connect with him .

I would like to settle this peacefully, but…… now then, how to deal with this……

I wanted to sigh, but I forcibly suppressed it . The opponent seems to be the type that would get even more agitated by it .

Nevertheless, to think that there would actually be person who would pick a quarrel for no reason…… I thought this would happen only in novels .

[Oi! Don’t ignore me!]

[No, I told you…]

[Aan!? Are you defying me right now?]

The opponent suddenly extends his hand in order to grab me by the collar without a thought .

Ah, it’s no use no matter what I say . Talking is impossible .

Now then…… what to do……

While thinking so, the hand that was grabbing to seize me was suddenly repelled .

[Ah…]

When I let the voice, it was already too late .

Allen and Elena kicked the bald adventurer’s hand away . Then, they proceed to kick him in the abdomen just like that .

The adventurer let’s out[Gu!]a suffering groan while his upper body bent . He then fell back right on his backside .

[Uwa! Stop, stop! Allen, Elena . Wait!]

I shout in panic .

I stop Allen and Elena a second before they can both land ax kick on the collapsed adventurer’s head .

The kicks that were going to land directly on his head just barely swept beside him .

That was dangerous… seriously dangerous…

He would definitely die if those ax kicks landed .

His upper body fall down with a thud and he stopped moving . He must have already fainted after suffering the hit to his abdomen .

A silence drifts in the Guild which was noisy just a minute ago .

The adventurers and the Guild staff stiffened in shock .

Even if they are used to fighting, witnessing small children KO’ing a grown man must have been really surprising .

Well then…… what do I do now?

[Ou . Excuse me……… N? What?]

A person walks into the guild and looks around the frozen stiff guild dumbfoundedly .

[What, what? Did something happen?]

A familiar voice . If I’m not mistaken, it should be one of the west gate Knight-samas .

He is not wearing armor today, but a dark blue knight uniform .

Thanks to him, the stopped time in the Guild started moving again .

First of all, I turn to the Guild staff behind the counter and timidly ask .

[Ah~…… Is there a punishment in a case like this?]

I can’t leave without asking that, right?

◇ ◇ ◇

There was no punishment .

This time, we were not at fault because the other party one-sidedly picked a quarrel with us and we only defended ourselves .

I’m glad…

The fallen adventurer was dragged to the guild’s sick bay by other adventures on the guild staff instructions, he started moving again normally after a while .

[This~ Takumi-san…]

[Yes?]

[See…… the children……]

[He?]

Luna-san reservedly calls out to me . Prompted by those words, I turn around to look at Allen and Ellen…… they were crying .

There were shedding tears without a voice .

[Waa!? Why are you crying!?]

I rush up to the two children in panic and crouch to match their line of sight .

[Injuries… none, right? What’s wrong?]

[…… Don’t… leave us……]

They cling to me with a fragile voice .

Leave? Why?

Perhaps, is it because I raised my voice a little while ago? Are those two uneasy because of that?

They thought I was angry at them…

[I won’t leave you . It’s all right, okay?]

I embrace the crying children while repeating[It’s all right][We are together] in a gentle voice .

It took about ten minutes for those two to calm down .

[Here, you must be thirsty, right?]

Still sobbing a little, I hand the two a fruit juice .

They cried a lot, I must let them rehydrate properly .

[In the end, what has happened?]

Ah, Knight-sama, you are still here…

The Knight-sama from the west gate is the second commanding officer of Shirin Knight’s, a noble named Grunwald Ruven .

A captain of one of five Shirin’s divisions . The second most important person in the Shirin Knights . It seems he came today to talk to the Guild Master .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Grunwald Ruven

【Race】Human

【Occupation】Knight

【Age】26

【Level】32

【Skills】

Swordsmanship | Spearmanship | Throwing | Fire Magic

Horseback Riding | Dismantling | Commanding

Etiquette | Dancing

Physical Attack Resistance

【Titles】

Count Ruven’s Second Son

Knight of the Flaming Sword

＝＝＝＝＝

Un, he has the skills appropriate of a noble knight-sama .

Indeed, a knight should be about riding a horse and swinging weapons around . Besides,【Commanding】 . Un, I feel like it’s necessary for a captain .

【Etiquette】and【Dancing】is noble-ish .

The title【Knight of the Flaming Sword】sounds cool~ Looking at the name, is it about using a sword enhanced with Fire Magic?

…… Oops, he asked a question .

[They probably thought I would abandon them]

[Haa? What’s that about? You, would you do such a thing?]

[I won’t do anything like that! Please don’t such something so disgraceful]

[Then, why are they thinking so?]

[No~ I didn’t perfectly grasp the understanding yet, I still don’t understand well~]

That’s the truth . I don’t know their circumstances before meeting me at that place .

[They are your children…… probably not, they are your sibling, aren’t they?]

[Unfortunately, they are not . I have just met these children recently . To be precise, a week ago? They were in the Gaya Forest]

[Haa?]

[If they were discarded or just lost, I do not know, though]

[Seriously?]

[Yeah . Wasn’t there recently a carriage attacked near the Gaya Forest or something? They were most likely slaves]

Weren’t they sold as slaves because they don’t have parents? Is what I think . After all, if they were in the orphanage, I wouldn’t meet them in a place like that .

[…… There certainly was . A Slave Trader from the Argo was attacked by monsters in the Gaya Forest while heading to this town]

Luna-san immediately recalls the information .

[Ah, as expected . They were probably made into a decoy]

[Children like these…]

[It doesn’t look like they were the ones to become the decoy in the end, though . In this case, how are these children going to be treated? There won’t be problems if I take them in, right? Fortunately, they don’t have any proof of being slaves]

[In that case, they are simply treated as orphans . There won’t be problems to put them into orphanage or raise them yourself . 。Besides, it looks like these children completely recognize you as their guardian . If you’d like, I will guarantee you]

[Ruven-sama, thank you very much]

I was worried about the interference from the merchant, but it doesn’t seem like there will be problems .

It seems like Ruven-sama will become the guarantee .

[Wald is all right . Apart from that--]

[Rather than that, Takumi-san! You went into the Gaya Forest!]

Luna-san interrupts Ruven-sama who said it’s okay to call him Wald-sama, and she bends forward over the counter .




Chapter 11

[Rather than that, Takumi-san! You went into the Gaya Forest?]

[Eh?]

[What’s going on!!]

[… Yes . There were medicinal plants I needed]

What an amazingly angry look……

Gaya Forest…… was there such settings?

[Is the reason you asked about the materials at hand when you came first to the Guild possibly…]

Ah, she noticed . Luna-san, you remember it…

[Do you have them?]

[………]

What to do?

Luna-san is staring at me with a great vigor . No…… no those are eyes looking at a prey……

[You have them, right? …… Right?]

[…… Yes]

Chills ran through my back for some reason .

In the end, I was completely defeated by Luna-san’s insight .

Therefore, I decided to sell the materials I obtained in Gaya Forest .

As expected, because a number of days passed since then, I keep silent about the materials in the《Infinite Storage》and decided to sell only the one processed Red Wolf’s magic stone, fur, claws, fangs, and medicinal plants and fruits .

There wasn’t much, but Guild staff including Luna-san were overjoyed .

There are many calm zones in the outskirts of Shirin except Gaya Forest . The security is tight, the flow of people is high because the town is near the borders, but there doesn’t seem to be many veteran adventurers .

There are only a few adventurers who recently went to Gaya Forest so the stock of advanced materials significally decreased, Luna-san earnestly explained .

[Which reminds me, Wald-sama . Didn’t you come to talk with Guild Master?]

[Yeah, regarding an expedition . We periodically go to the Gaya Forest to thin out the monsters . If left alone, the monsters would start pouring out which would be really troubling]

[Is it a joint expedition of knights and high ranked adventures?]

[Yeah . The number of people I can take is limited because I can’t take everyone along . If I don’t go into the depths, I won’t have enough people]

[It’s an A Rank forest, after all~]

[Because of that, Takumi . You are participating]

Haa? What are you talking about?

[Nono, I’m an F Rank, you know!?]

[If you are able to go alone and defeat a Red Wolf there are no problems, right?]

[………]

Crap, I made a mistake . I shouldn’t take out the Red Wolf materials!

[Oh, it looks that Guild Master is free now . I will make an official request later, don’t run away]

[Wa, wait!]

Saying just that, Wald-sama walks into the Guild Master’s office .

[……… I can reject a designated request, right?]

I ask Luna-san after a while of silence .

[It’s not impossible . But, when it comes to official request from the Knights, it becomes a request of the country so……]

Why did your voice become cloudy at the end!? Please confirm that I can decline!

Why did it become like this? Where did I make a mistake?

Where? I did take out the Red Wolf materials, right……

Uwaa, it’s my fault! Aah, mou…

[Anyway, I’m going home for today……]

[Yes, thank you for your hard work]

[Allen, Elena . We are leaving~]

I lift the two who are still uneasy and leave towards the inn .

◆ ◆ ◆

--Inside the Guild Master’s office .

[Ruven-dono, sorry for the wait]

The one greeting is a grizzled elderly man . This man is precisely the Guild Master of Gadia’s Shirin Adventurer’s Guild branch .

[No problem . It’s I who should apologize for coming during busy times]

Grunwald sits on a sofa, facing the Guild Master . A female staff member puts a cup of tea in front of them, she then bows and quietly leaves the room .

[Nono . Are you here today regarding the subjugation expedition to Gaya Forest?]

[That’s right . As usually, I will leave the arrangements of adventures to you . The time planned is at the beginning of the Fourth Month for one week]

[I understand . I will prepare the request immediately]

[Ah, in addition, please include a nomination for a person named Takumi Kayano this time]

[Takumi Kayano… is it? I’m not familiar with that name, but…]

The business advanced smoothly as usually . But, Grunwald had one more request that is different from the usual .

Grunwald smiled at the Guild Master with a mysterious grin .

[He’s an F Rank newcomer who has registered to the Guild just recently . It’s only natural that Guild Master doesn’t know of him]

[You want to include a new adventurer to the expedition to Gaya Forest?]

[Although a newcomer, he’s no amateur]

Grunwald recalls the moment Takumi came to the town for the first time and the another meeting from today .

He’s an ordinary youth at glance . But, he perceived an extraordinary presence from that youth . It was only his intuition as an experienced fighter, though .

[He caught your eyes, is what you are saying?]

[I’m interested a bit . Therefore, three parties as usual plus one, please]

Besides, the children that are with the youth . They are no ordinary children .

Although he didn’t see it directly, according to the people who saw, those children destroyed a giant man in an instant .

That was enough for Grunwald to show interest .

Incorporating them into a party made of A Rank and B Rank adventurers…

The subjugation expedition in Gaya Forest that Grunwald always considered troublesome . He can’t help it, but to look forward to the due date this time . That is the face Grunwald is making .

◆ ◆ ◆

Later, an official request from the Knights arrived .

The designated request with all the details was handed to me by Luna-san .

Nono, please don’t look at me with that smile!

I will decline…… eh? To decline, I have to go directly to the Knights? No way… that’s impossible…… I understand . I will start preparing…

Eh? Please bring a lot of advanced materials, you say…… Luna-san……




Chapter 12

Few days after Allen and Elena KO’ed the bald adventurer .

At present, we do Requests for two days and take one day off . I’m taking on Requests like this in order to not burden the children’s bodies . We were able to steadily raise our ranks to E .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Takumi Kayano

【Race】Human?［Wind God’s family (Temporary)］

【Occupation】Magic Master

【Age】20

【Level】13

【Skills】

Light Magic 52 | Dark Magic 51

Wind Magic 157 | Space Magic 109

Life Magic 124

Swordsmanship 50 | Throwing 34

Appraisal 202 | Dismantling 117

Cooking 92 | Sewing 23

Washing 12 | Cleaning 31

Crafting 37 | Gathering 13

Concealment 22 | Detection 12

Arithmetics 107 | Reading 125

Oracle 8

Physical Attack Resistance 300 | Magic Attack Resistance 300

【Titles】

Transmigrated From a Different World

Blessed by the God of Creation, Malianor

Friend of Wind God Sylphreel

Savior

＝＝＝＝＝

We defeat monsters on the side while doing Gathering Requests, my level slightly rose, my skills and skill proficiencies increased slightly .

I even obtained a【Savior】title .

Did I receive it only by being together with Allen and Elena?

I don’t know what the standards are, but obtaining titles is not as surprising as meeting with a god, therefore I decided to leave it be for the time being .

◇ ◇ ◇

[Takumi-san, are you not going to a dungeon?]

We came to the guild right in the morning today .

Luna-san inquiries while I view the Request Board while looking for a good Request .

[Dungeon…… ah!!]

Dungeons are all over Aetherdia . I don’t know to what extent the people of this world know about dungeons, but there exist 108 dungeons in total .

Dungeons difficulty is determined by the number and variety of the monsters inside, the floors are divided into a bottom, middle and high levels .

Although people are aware of dungeon’s existence, there are still many undiscovered dungeons . As for how the dungeon’s difficulty is determined……

It’s determined by the existence and efficiency of dungeon’s transfer devices .

Beginner Class--No transfer device .

Intermediate Class--Transfer devices are installed every ten floors .

Advanced Class--Transfer device on each floor .

Such easy to understand criteria are in effect .

Because it seems that capturing a single floor of Advanced dungeon takes up to several days, it wouldn’t be possible to easily capture the dungeon without transfer devices .

In addition, it’s unknown how the dungeons work, but the monster defeated in them don’t leave corpses behind . Instead, defeated monsters leave behind a part of materials--they are leaving behind a Drop Item .

You never know what Drop Item will be left behind .

If you defeat Red Wolf, it’s materials, claws, fangs or meat… you have no choice but to defeat many to get what you need .

Also, it’s possible that a rare item would drop . Some amazing medicine can be obtained .

Maa~ it happens only rarely .

There is a 15-floors deep Low dungeon near Shirin .

[I totally forgot their existence . No wonder we rarely bump into other adventurers outside the twon]

[Is that so? I was certain you didn’t want to go because of the children . You are very helpful because you are taking on Requests on non-dungeon materials, though]

[You mean that most of the adventurers are going to the dungeon?]

[Yes . Most of the adventurers, up to D-Rank go to the nearby dungeon . The adventurers above D-Rank mostly take on Escort Requests . Truthfully, only a few newcomers go to the outskirts of the town]

The monsters near the town aren’t a big deal . You must make a few days trip to arrive at a place with strong monsters .

[The dungeon is a half day on foot from here, after all]

Half a day, huh… it’s surprisingly close .

Going to the dungeon certainly enables making more money than going to the outskirts .

[Then, should we also go to take a look~]

[Eh!? You are going?]

Luna-san gets surprised at my muttering .

[We can’t?]

[Nono, that’s not it . It’s just the designated Request for Gaya Forest is next week, so I was thinking if it’s not too hard timewise……]

[Ah . You could say I intended only to take a look at the bottom floors before challenging, so we should have plenty of time, right? If I deduct a day off before the designated Request and the travel time, we should be diving just for three days]

Because the traveling may increase with Allen and Elena traveling with me, we will be able to dive at least for three days .

It’s plenty of time for sightseeing, right?

[I think so . Fufu . When it comes to Takumi-san and the children I was under the selfish impression that you would “capture” it straight away]

[You are expecting too much from E-Rank adventueres]

[Ara, not at all . It’s not just me, it’s the evaluation of the entire Guild, you know?]

I have a feeling that the Guild’s expectations got heavy since the incident on the day of our first Request .

Even though I was just a human that didn’t stand out at all on Earth, I have a feeling that it’s the exact opposite on Aetherida .

I stopped being normal the moment I became a god’s family, though……

I just can’t get used to it .

I left the guild with such complicated thoughts and purchased the necessities (mainly food) .

After that, I informed the[Komadori Pavilion]couple that we will be going out for a few days and headed towards the dungeon .

◇ ◇ ◇

There was still some time until sunset when we arrived at the dungeon .

The plan was to arrive in the evening, stay overnight and go to the dungeon the next day .

This happened because Allen and Elena walked better than I expected . Their pace was fast with small steps .

There’s no need to hurry that much, I told them, but the two didn’t lower their pace . In addition, their stamina is better than that of an ordinary adult so we have arrived earlier .

Now then, what should we do?

The fourth dungeon “The Dungeon of Earth” .

A 15-floor underground dungeon with an earth attribute . A dungeon with relatively high capture rate .

The entrance to the dungeon is hollowed in a two-story large rock .

From there, a sloping road spreads out . It’s wide enough to fit three adult men . The depths are not fully visible .

Spend a night here as planned or to enter the dungeon nearly……

[In]

[Go~]

While considering what to do, Allen and Elena exclaim .

[Is it really okay? Are you not tired?]

[[Is al~right]]

Since the two say they are okay, I decided to go inside . I will only watch their condition properly and take a break before they get fatigued .

I illuminate the surroundings with《Light》before descending . I can keep on the《Light》for one hour before having to cast it again . As it can only illuminate the surroundings in 1m radius, I locked hands with Allan and Elena and started walking .

[Looks like a normal tunnel, huh]

There is a hall further down . A hall that looks like a tunnel in a large mine .

The walls and floor are made from earth, but it seems to be very sturdy as it’s not easily damaged . In addition, it’s wide enough to swing a sword in all directions . The route in the distance seems to be complicated as a maze, though .

The first straight path comes to an end quickly . It splits into two passages .

Allen and Elena restlessly look at the passages .

Speaking of mazes, walking along one side of the wall will bring us to an exit (the previous path in this situation) without problems… what to do?

The Guild is selling the dungeon map, but it’s only accurate up to the fifth floor so I didn’t purchase it .

Ah, which reminds me, wasn’t there a map function in the menu?

I open the window screen at once .

N~ there’s no map while inside a dungeon . There’s auto mapping function instead . It displays only the way we went .

But, with this, we won’t lose our way no matter which road we go and we will be able to easily return back .

If that’s the case… let’s let the children choose the way .

[Allen, Elena . Which way do you want to go?]

[[? …… That way~]]

They point in the same direction at the same time .

Then, let’s go that way first!




Chapter 13

Proceeding in the directions Allen and Elena have picked, we quickly found stairs leading below .

Looking at the map, this is possibly the shortest way .

In addition, the two children’s opinion which way to take didn’t differ even once . They are demonstrating the twin power to its fullest .

Beshi .

Dokan .

Zuruzuru…

Batain .

Allen’s and Elena’s exploding kicks .

It gets blown off and crashes into the wall .

It slides to the ground just like that .

It ceased to breathe .

How many times did I see the exact same scene…

Un . There’s no enemy! Hahaha .

Because the monsters in the Low Class dungeon aren’t that strong, I let Allen and Elena deal with them as they see fit .

Thereupon, all Slimes, Ground Moles, Ground Spiders (Indeed, this being “Dungeon of Earth” the monsters that appear are mainly that of earth attribute) who appeared …… were defeated one by one .

For now, I let the kids run wild, but such training in the future, would it still be okay? Being strong is not a bad thing . Especially in this world where the average lifespan is shorter than on Earth .

They are still small, so it’s okay, right? In Japan, they would be in pre-schoolers . Pre-schoolers should be playing vigorously, right?

Once they grow up a little more, I will start teaching them, or let them attend school! Everything would be all right then!

We have arrived at the 5th floor without an accident; there is a small room, so I decided to call it a day and camp there .

First, I clean their bodies with《Washing》 . They are not that dirty, but keeping hygiene is good .

Next is the dinner preparation .

I take out portable stove magic tool . Maa~ it’s similar to a tabletop electric cooking device . Although it’s not running on electricity, but on fire magic stones . I have found this magic tool while walking around the town . This was the only magic tool for a reasonable price . But, even if the price weren’t reasonable, I would buy it on the spot because of the convenience .

I put a pot with soup on top of the magic tool and warm it up .

I asked the[Komadori Pavilion]boss if he could cook something for me and this is it . It’s soup with a tomato base, lots of meat and various vegetables .

The sweetness and acidity are refreshing .

Then, I made a potato salad with a fresh bread I bought back in the town . Unfortunately, they didn’t have a square bread, therefore I had to use a round one .

Un, seems good! Well then, itadakimasu .

After eating the dinner, it’s preparations to sleep .

That being said, my sleeping posture is leaning on the wall while sitting wrapped in a blanket with two children clinging to my sides . The same as in Gaya Forest .

Normally, it would be necessary to set up a barrier with Barrier Stones . It’s a defensive measure against both monsters and humans . Bandits for example . Also, I’m afraid to say that nasty adventurers also exist . They would attack an unwatched place and steal all your belongings .

But, I’m the only one of us who can stand a watch . I have a feeling that my body would be able to go on without sleep for a few days, but I have no intention of trying it out .

It’s all right . We will definitely wake up when a person with ill intent approaches us .

That being said, good night .

The next day, the second day .

When I wake up my eyes, Allen and Elena were already up and staring fixedly at my face while clinging to my arms as usual .

I fix my clothes and prepare a simple breakfast .

The menu is sausage and scrambled eggs, fresh bread with strawberry jam .

The sausage and eggs are quickly cooked . The strawberry jam is something Syl prepared for me, made in Japan .

There’s a proper product information-like paper on the jar, but its contents are written with Aetherdia’s letters . And, there is MADE IN JAPAN written on it .

Did Syl intentionally replace it? To be sensible to such degree……

Maa, we three gratefully consumed it .

We took a little break after the breakfast and commenced the capturing of the 5th floor .

We advanced smoothly just like on the first four floors without change .

The Dropped Items weren’t too expensive, but the amount is significant .

There’s no problem if you have a Magic Bag, but there are probably many low ranked adventurers who still don’t have it . If that’s the case, they would probably start sorting out their stuff and dispose of the rest . They probably think it’s all right to dispose of it since the market price is low~ Particularly, this “Slime Jelly” which doesn’t look like it has a use…

What is this used for? It’s squishy and cool, it’s pleasing to touch .

Can this be used for mattress or cushion? Doesn’t it sound lovely? Yosh, let’s try making it if I find time .

First of all,《Infinite Storage》may fertilize it, but I don’t know its use so I will put it together with everything else .

Speaking of baggage, Allen and Elena are fundamentally empty-handed . I want to keep the things they have at them at minimum if they separate from me by any chance~ I don’t have plans to get separated, and there is no problem to start looking for them if they do immediately, but things like money… water, and preserved food . And a knife would also be good to have~

But, all that packed in a bag would get in the way during a close combat… Besides, it would be heavy~

Should I get some low-class Magic Bags for the kids? But, isn’t it dangerous for children to carry expensive magic tools around?

Yosh! Let’s ponder about this matter a bit more!

Beshi .

Dokan .

Zuruzuru…

Batain .

Ah, a wolf flew again .

The enemies are still lacking . We keep on advancing at steady pace .

◇ ◇ ◇

The capturing proceeds and we are currently on the 8th floor . We have captured half of the dungeon .

The quality of the monsters increased a little . An insect monster with a hard shell that Allen and Elena can’t defeat in one hit has started appearing .

The kids have a bad affinity with insect monsters, unlike the usual animal type . Although they won’t get defeated, they will hurt their bodies by hitting that hard shell over and over again, so I decided to take care of the insects myself .

In addition, the monsters have stopped appearing alone and started attacking in groups . From small groups of 2~3 up to a big group of around 10 .

We don’t have any problems, but the first obstacle for the young adventurers is most likely this 8th floor .

While advancing--

[Uwa----!!]

A cry echoes from ahead .

[Please run a~way!!]

The desperate cry was from a party of adventurers . A party of young men and women in their teens .

A group of monsters is chasing the party . Wolves, Horn Rabbits and Slicer Bats, tens of various monsters in a group .

[Wa, hey! What are you doing!?]

A young adventurer stops right after passing us and shouts at us in panic .

“I want to escape quickly” and “We should have left it alone” emotions were transmitted to me from his expression .

[《Wind Cutter》]

When all people in my field of vision disappear, and all in front of me are monsters, I cast wind magic while emphasizing the magic power behind it .

Several wind blades pour on the monsters who changed the target on us .

Un, most of them got defeated .

However, a monster slips from within the cloud of dust . But, at that moment, Allen and Elena charge towards the monster and drive a kick into its body without reserve .

[Eeeeeeeeh---!!]

The young adventurers who witnessed that shout in disbelief .




Chapter 14

[[Picked up~]]

Allen and Elena collect drop items and run up to me with their small hands full .

They seem to properly remember what I was doing in the seven floors until now .

[Thank you . Are you unhurt?]

I receive the items and pat the two children’s head who nod .

[Oniichan will go and have a talk with these people, can you two go and pick up more in the meantime?]

[[Un!]]

There are still many drop items the two weren’t able to carry so when I request them to pick them up, the two energetically answer me . They look overjoyed . To think they would be so happy just because of my request, these children are seriously cute! I pass a jute bag to the kids, tell them to put the items in that and send them off .

Then, I turn around and look back at the boys and girls adventurers who were escaping .

[Now then, have you activated a trap?]

[We are terribly sorry!]

They are not prostrating as Syl normally does, but the boys and girls are bowing down enough that their body height halved .

They seem to understand correctly .

The adventurers have unspoken rules .

To explain it simply--

・The monster priority goes to the party/adventurer who attacked it first .

・Drop item belongs to the one who defeats the monster . However, if he leaves it without picking it up, it’s considered as abandoned and other adventurers can pick it up without a complaint .

・Interfering is prohibited unless asked for help .

These are the unspoken rules .

In addition to these, there’s one more important thing . Only this one unlike other is considered a crime .

That is--

・Monster scapegoating act .

It’s considered the most vicious act .

The scapegoating act these boys and girls did--is a crime .

The act of running away from a monster and involving a nearby person on the way happened quite frequently in the past .

That is still not that bad .

What is even worse is, pulling an aggro and deliberately scapegoating another person . The case of where the scapegoat died are many . With the scapegoat dying, they will then defeat the wounded monster themselves .

Because these things occurred so frequently, it’s now being treated as a crime .

[Maa, I understand you didn’t do it on purpose]

These boys and girls probably ran away because they really felt in danger . The monsters weren’t that strong, but these children couldn’t handle it because there were dozens of them .

Besides, I wouldn’t be so forgiving if they escaped after passing us, but they properly stopped and told us to run away . That earned them a good evaluation from me .

[…… Yes . There was a hidden room and when we opened it to take a look……]

[Hidden room, huh . That has triggered the defense mechanism… You seem to be reflecting on your mistake, so I won’t pursue this matter anymore . I will overlook it this time, but be more careful in the future, okay?]

It’s not like we suffered any damage, and they seem to be reflecting on it . Therefore I won’t noisily nag them anymore .

At any rate, to think Low-Class dungeon also has traps~

We have ignored hidden rooms on the way so far . Bottom floors of Low-Class dungeon surely don’t have anything worthwhile, so we went without looking for them .

[[Many~!]]

Just when we finished speaking, Allen and Elena trotted over with bag full of materials .

[Thanks you . Are you not tired?]

[[We al~right]]

I receive the bag full of materials and pat the children’s heads .

[[Ah! There~]]

[N?]

[Uwaaa! A Poison Spider!!]

Allen and Elena point at the ceiling while having their heads patted .

I look up and see a Poison Spider hanging there .

The boys and girls look towards the place Allen and Elena are pointing and make a fuss .

As the name suggest Poison Spider is a 1m dark red venomous spider . It doesn’t have a lethal poison, but it’s poison will inflict strong paralyzation .

This spider excels at stealth, it will bite a person from behind, once the person stops moving it will capture him/her in its thread, and it will bring the person back to its nest still alive .

The poison can be immediately detoxified if there are companions around, but if alone, the venomous bite will become fatal . Therefore, this monster is responsible for many adventurer fatalities .

[《Air Shot》]

I hit the Poison Spider hanging from the ceiling with magic . The crushed Poison Spider falls to the ground and turns into a drop item . The Poison Spider’s drop item seems to be its poison . For some reason, it was already in a bottle when it fell to the ground .

Dungeon is really a mysterious place . Just where did this bottle appeared from……

[…… It was defeated immediately]

[N? The Poison Spider doesn’t have that much fighting ability if you are careful of its stealth, right?]

[Nono, you can’t defeat it that quickly . Fist, we can’t even reach it!]

[Well, it’s impossible with a sword, but don’t you have someone who can use magic in the party? If you don’t, you should have someone with a bow or throwing knives, right?]

[That is……]

There may not be anyone who can use magic by the swords hanging from everyone’s waist . However, if done right, even these boys and girls should be able to defeat a Poison Spider .

Even if they can’t beat it in one blow, it’s possible to defeat the Poison Spider with a well-placed arrow or a knife .

[I don’t see anyone carrying a bow which leaves throwing…… do you perhaps lack a long distance attack?]

[As expected, is that bad?]

Children of this age probably think that magic and bow is too dull compared to a sword .

[No . It’s not like it’s absolutely indispensable . But, I believe it will increase the broadness of attacks you can use . The offensive power may be certainly lower than that of a sword, but it has a potential to shoot stuff down just like I did earlier, and it’s also usable to distract the opponent . Besides, you don’t need to abandon your primary weapon with throwing knives . It’s also all right to use stones instead of throwing knives]

[…… Stones . I see!]

[Arrows and Throwing Knives are consumables, after all . Purchasing them at lower ranks is hard]

Arrows and Throwing knives are cheap but fragile . They may get ruined after a single use . Their costs would then start piling up .

Of course, there are more durable ones, but they are something that low ranked adventurers can’t possibly get .

In comparison, stones on the ground are free . Depending on the size and hardness, a stone can become a satisfactory weapon .

[Ah, again~]

[Kita~]

Allen and Elena found another Poison Spider on the ceiling .

[Allen will throw~]

[Elena too~]

[N?]

Saying that, both Allen and Elena pick up a baseball size stone from the ground…… and throw .

--Dokon!

Eh!?

A loud noise of a direct hit resounds .

It doesn’t look like it was enough to finish it, but the Poison Spider falls on the ground while twitching .

[[It fell~!]]

[Eeeh!?]

The boys and girls let out shocked voices at the sight of the Poison Spider getting hit by children younger than them .

Ah, this reminds me, the two have a throwing skill… it also seems to have a reasonable proficiency .

The twitching Poison Spider stops moving and transforms into a drop item . It died .

[These children……]

The boys and girls are in a great shock .

Un . Allen and Elena are extraordinary . You must not compare yourselves to them!

We parted from the boys and girls who returned to the surface and resumed the capturing .




Chapter 15

We have advanced smoothly through 8 ~10 floors with few short breaks .

The number of people coming in and out on these floors steadily decreased, and the hidden rooms and treasure chest we discovered are scarce .

The contents of the treasure chests were Low-grade Stamina and Mana potions . Stamina potion is a magic potion that replenishes stamina while Mana potion is used by mages to recover magical power . They are the game’s standard items .

They come in Low grade, Medium grade, High grade and Special grade, the quality and amount of recovery increases the higher the grade is .

The ones we obtained are of Low Grade so their recovery power isn’t that great . But, magic potions itself are expensive goods and are precious drops for adventurers in this dungeon .

[[That way~]]

I’m afraid to say that I have come all the way here without being tired or feeling a loss of magic power, though…

Maa~ there might be a time where they will be useful so let’s set them aside without selling them .

Speaking of magic potions, a magic potion that cures diseases and wounds, a Healing potion also exists on Aetherdia . In addition to drinking, it can also be apparently used directly on the wound . Furthermore, potions used for detoxifications and potions that temporarily increase physical strength also exist .

There also is a secret medicine among the Healing potions . Maa, you won’t be able to see one easily, though . The secret medicine can heal any incurable diseases and apparently even restore lost limbs . I’d rather connect the torn off arm than grow a new one……

N~ I want to see it, I don’t want to see it… a complicated feeling .

The items in my possessions are generic drugs like medicine for cold and stomach medicine, but I don’t have any Healing potions . I think there won’t be any problems since I have a Healing magic, but I would like to get my hands on one just in case .

[[Here~]]

Oh! The two children found stairs leading to the next floor .

The moment we descended on the 11th floor, a Wild Ape has leaped towards us .

[Kiiiiiーー!]

Wild Ape is an orangutan-like monster .

Despite the sudden attack, Allen and Elena pour kicks on the Wild Ape straight away .

The Wild Ape crashes into a wall . The Wild Ape who was suddenly flug against a wall in counterattack looks dumbfounded .

Allen and Elena pursuit that momentary opening . The defenseless Wild Ape ceased to breathe under the twins’ kicks .

It’s neck evidently snapped……

The Wild Ape’s corpse disappears and leaves behind a drop item . It’s Wild Ape’s fur . It’s a good thing for a Low Class dungeon . But, this much is not enough to make equipment of it . Let’s deposit it in《Infinite Storage》for now .

Still, the perception and hand-to-hand combat sense of the twins is terrific .

They advance without getting lost and can discover monsters quickly .

Even though no one taught them, even I who know close to nothing about Martial Arts can understand their splendid movements . They are most likely moving on instinct .

I’m genuinely happy that some influential person does not shelter these two .

The thing Syl might have been worried is this .

However, I have a certain feeling that I’m also taking advantage of them, but is that all right……

[[Kita~]]

Allen and Elena discovered another monster . A snake monster, Clay Snake has appeared .

[Oh, wait a moment!]

I stop Allen and Elena who were going to leap at the enemy .

The two obediently stop moving and fixedly stare at my face .

[That thing has a poison in its fangs, let me take care of it]

That’s right, the Clay Snake has a minuscule amount of poison in its fangs . Similarly to the Poison Spider from before, it’s a monster I want the bare handed children to avoid fighting with .

When the two nod in affirmation, I shoot out the《Wind Cutter》 .

Of course, it was an instant kill . The dropped item is Clay Snake’s skin .

As soon as I pick it up, another monster appears . Three Giant Bees, honey bees the size of an adult .

[Be careful of the stinger]

[[Wa~i]]

When I remind the children to be careful, they cheerfully reply .

Un . Although it was only one word, the two’s vocabulary steadily increasing . It’s a good thing .

The Giant Bee is a monster with considerably nimble movements . They take full advantage of their aerial movements to attack Allen and Elena . Allen and Elena smoothly dodge that and counterattack . However, the Giant Bees retreat to the air where the two can’t reach .

Allen and Elena who have unusually hard time turn in pursuit of the Giant Bees .

Un . It’s a game of tag no matter how I look .

I intend to help as soon as it becomes dangerous, but how can I destroy the spectacle of the twins having fun?

Oh! They have been chasing it individually at first, but the two now move in a pincer attack .

Elena chances while Allen sneaks around to the Giant Bee’s destination . They safely brought it down the first one .

Cooperation is the twin’s field of expertise . They can determine their roles just with an eye contact .

They knock down the second one immediately . N? …… I feel like they didn’t make an eye contact .

These two, are they actually using telepathy to communicate? The cooperation was so splendid it forced me think that .

[[Defeated~]]

Allen and Elena had a hard time dealing with the bees at first, but in the end, it took them less than ten minutes to deal with the three bees . They pick up the bee’s drop items and trot over to me .

[You worked hard]

I receive the drop items while praising and patting the twins’ heads . The dropped items are 1 Bee Stinger and 2 jars of Honey .

Oh, it’s honey! A very precious item on Aetherdia which lacks sweetness .

Of course, the sugar is also being sold, but its slightly higher in price . The price for one kg is around several thousand yen . It’s around ten times more expensive than in Japan?

It’s enough to be called a luxury for a commoner . You would be able to stay a night at an inn with two meals at that price .

Because I have an absolutely higher income than I have had in Japan, I can buy anything if I say so myself .

However, I shouldn’t do that . I’m hesitant about buying it . The quality isn’t that good .

Therefore, I can’t help, but keep on thinking about getting a normal honey……

Moreover, the honey inside the jars have a beautiful golden color and look incredibly delicious .

Un, if we meet more Giant Bees, let’s take an aggressive stance against them!

We encountered Giant Bees immediately even without searching . Despite there being five of them this time, Allen and Elena defeated them right away .

Isn’t their learning ability amazing? I thought that, but since there’s nothing wrong about it, I decided to leave it alone .

The drop items are 1 Giant Bee’s Wing, 2 Stingers and 2 Jars of Honey .

Doing well, so smooth!

Nevertheless…… is there a problem that the twins defeated 70% of the encountered monsters……? The monsters I defeated are only poison monsters and hard-shelled insects, and I also acted when we encountered big groups . Allen and Elena dealt with everything else .

If I had to say, the two are advancing while fighting . But, they seem to be having fun, so I let them dealt with it unless it gets dangerous .

However, if other people saw it, won’t they say that I’m working the children too much? Because I’m just watching from behind while the two children fight .

Shouldn’t I be more responsible as a guardian? It’s not like I’m forcing them to do it, so it’s okay, right?

[[Found it~]]

The two found the stairs to the next floor . Do I rely on them too much?




Chapter 16

Good morning .

Today is the third day since we entered the dungeon .

We have crisply advanced through the 12th floor yesterday and were able to find the stairs to the 13th in the evening . I have decided to stay the night before proceeding further .

Therefore, we are currently staying at the entrance to the 13th floor .

The plan was to head back to the town in three days, but I think we can capture the dungeon today or tomorrow if everything goes smoothly .

I have heard that once we defeat the boss on the 15th floor, we can use a transfer device that would take us directly to the first floor .

In the worst happens and we are not able to defeat the boss, we should be able to get back on the day before the next request .

Having decided to keep on advancing, I prepare the breakfast first .

Today’s menu has been decided .

I beat eggs, sugar, and milk together to create an egg wash, soak the bread that was within the food Syl prepared for me in it . I melt butter in a pre-heated pan, put the bread in the pan and carefully cook both sides .

Un . It’s the French toast .

I pour the honey we obtained yesterday over the dish . U~n, it smells nice .

Well then, itadakimasu .

Oh! Yummy!

I understand the deliciousness with just a bite . Even though there’s intense sweetness, it’s not too heavy . Giant Bee’s honey…… delicious . Indeed, this is worth obtaining by all means .

Allen and Elena also seem to be pleased with it . They are eating in a trance .

After I had observed Allen and Elena eat for a while, I wanted to resume my meal, but a group of Giant Bees suddenly appeared from within the passage . The prey came to us on their own .

[I will take care of it, you two eat up]

I stuff my cheeks with French toast, inform the two while trying to chew it down, stand up and face the Giant Bees .

[《Air Shot》]

First, I aim at the group and shoot a sphere of air .

I was able to shoot down several of them, but more than a half were able to avoid because of their nimbleness .

[《Wind Cutter》]

I shoot several wind blades this time .

The Giant Bees got shot in succession by the wide blades .

Yosh, I was able to defeat them all this time .

After beating all the Giant Bees, I went over and collected all drop items rolling on the floor .

Most of them were wings and stingers, but I was able to obtain two more jars of honey .

While returning to continue my breakfast, another monster emerged from the passage .

Are? It’s another Giant Bee . Let’s clean up for the time being .

But, why do they keep on appearing?

I take a look at our breakfast and suddenly realize . Did the bees smell the sweet scent of honey and came over?

Oh! Could the Giant Bees be lured out by any chance?

It may be worth trying it out .

After the meal, we started the 13th-floor capture right away .

While doing so, I carried an opened jar of honey in my hand .

Then--

[Tou!][Ho!][Nsho!][Yaa!]

As a result, the fact that the Giant Bees are attracted to the scent of honey has been established .

They took the bait! A seriously big catch .

Giant Bees assault us in sequence surprising me in the process . This completely exceeded my expectations!

Of course, the Giant Bees are knocked down by Allen and Elena who fight them joyfully without getting exhausted .

[[H~on, h~on]]

Dozens of Giant Bees have appeared, but they were all defeated .

[[E~y, e~y]]

It seems that honey has ultimately become Allen’s and Elena’s favorite, their mood soars with every discovered jar .

They make an incredibly nice smile each time they pick a jar up . That’s too cute! Was that just now a Honey theme song? They make noises resembling singing while picking up the drop items, but that is also undisputedly cute!

[[Honey, was there~!]]

The Twins trot over to me with a smile and arms full of drop items . Because that was also too cute, I plentily patted their heads .

They should be my siblings based on age, but I’m just like a foolish parent since the beginning……

In the end, after a half a day of honey collecting, we smoothly advanced up to the end of the 14th floor where we found the stairs to the 15th floor .

Honey? Of course, we secured plenty!




Chapter 17

Fourth day in the dungeon .

We advanced through the 15th floor’s complex design smoothly and arrived at a massive double door made from soil .

It’s finally time to challenge the boss, but this is the boss room, right? It indeed has a strange atmosphere .

I will be embarrassed if this doesn’t turn out to be the boss room……

While thinking so, I touch the heavy door and slowly open them--Gigigi, the door opens, and I face the room .

A spacious dome-like room is inside . The size is comparable to a small concert arena .

I lead Allen and Elena by their hands and step inside--Gatan, the door behind us shuts with a loud noise .

The behind shines when I look back at the closed door .

Looking back forward, light emits from the center of the room . And then, after several seconds when the light weakens, a beast’s roar echoes around the room .

[Sha------!!]

Approximately 7-8 meters long worm appears at the place where the light emerged from . Un, it’s that . A gigantic earthworm .

I see, after a fixed period of time passes, the door automatically closes and then the boss comes out .

[Allen, Elena . You two wait here]

The two nod in affirmation and I start running towards the worm .

[《Wind Cutter》]

[Sha~!]

[Oops]

I shoot magic towards the worm as a preliminary test . The worm avoids, and it throws its whole body towards me .

I twist my body and evade the worm’s large body by running to a different direction .

This worm is unexpectedly fast for its size . It doesn’t look like a monotone magic will work against it .

Now then, how should I defeat this fellow--while in thought……

[Sha~!]

The worm shoots《Sand Ball》at me .

[Hee~, then I will…《Air Shot》]

I shoot magic too and offset the opponent’s magic .

[Next is……《Wind Arrow》]

I shoot countless wind arrows straight ahead . If monotone magic is no good, then I just have to fire a spell it won’t be able to evade .

Un? That’s right, it’s a simple brute force approach . I don’t need overcomplicated tactics .

The trajectory of《Wind Arrow》that fly straight ahead is easy to read, but it compensates with speed . Moreover, I shot dozens of them at once, as expected, the worm with its massive body size can’t avoid everything even if it can move quick .

[Sha-----!!!!!]

As planned, the《Wind Arrows》pierce the worm’s body, it raises a suffering cry and wriggles in pain .

[This is the over! 《Wind Arrow》]

I have used the chance it wriggled in pain and gathered a lot of magical power .

[!!! Sha---………]

Doshin, the worm collapsed to the ground with its whole body hollowed .

It’s over .

The《Wind Arrows》pierced its body, the worm’s body faintly shines, its corpse disappears, leaving behind drop items .

After surprisingly defeating the worm with ease,”Low Class dungeon’s boss was just something like that” is what came to my mind first . I wonder if the power bestowed upon be ‘s too big, I’m very troubled .

I mean, all magic I used are general spells with about 50 proficiency .

Maa, it’s better than fighting a life-threatening battle . I gather the drop items while thinking such .

The drop items are a baseball sized yellow magic stone, Worm Meat, and several worm fangs .

…… Earthworm meat . Worm Meat is a high-class ingredient? Uun… but, I don’t want to eat something like that…… I will collect it for now, but do I sell or hoard it?

Ah! But, if I sell it, would it expose that we captured the dungeon? Ah, but, would the Guild staff be able to see it on my Guild Card?

＝＝＝＝＝

【Dungeon Record】Fourth Dungeon “Earth” 15 floors captured .

【Title】Captor of a Low Class Dungeon

＝＝＝＝＝

When I took out the Guild Card to confirm, it was well listed there . Un, this is not okay . I will get exposed when I receive a Request……

The capture itself is not the problem . The problem is that we have captured the dungeon only in a few days… First of all, let’s keep quiet by not receiving any requests for a while!

That means the earthworm meat is getting stored inside the《Infinite Storage》!

When I came to a conclusion, tosun, I felt a light impact on my legs . Allen and Elena rushed to me and clung to my legs before I noticed .

[Good?]

[Over?]

[Thank you for waiting . It’s over . You are not injured, right?]

[[Al~right]]

I was careful not to shoot magic into the children’s direction, but I confirm to make sure . Un, no problems here .

Speaking of which, what about the records on the two’s Guild Cards?

Thinking that, I take out Allen’s and Elena’s Guild Cards to check, and find that the two have the same records properly listed on their cards .

The condition seems to be to reach this floor regardless of actually damaging the boss .

--Gogogogogo .

A door suddenly appears on the opposite side of the room .

After putting the cards away, we passed through the door and entered a room with a crystal on a pedestal .

This seems to be the transfer device . We can get back to the 1st floor by touching the crystal .

Switching my gaze from the transfer device, I find a nicely decorated treasure chest at the back of the room . This room which opened after defeating the boss--has apparently a small chance for a treasure chest to appear .

Meaning that this is a complimentary gift?

It doesn’t seem to be locked, and it doesn’t look like there’s a trap . I open it and see five red marble-like things inside .

Appraising it--

＝＝＝＝＝

【Exploding Flame Sphere】

An exploding sphere that will activate after pouring magical power inside and leaving a fixed proximity of the caster .

＝＝＝＝＝

This has… a grenade-like feeling to it? Instead of pulling a pin, you pour magical power inside, right? It’s an extraordinarily dangerous smelling magic tool .

… But, it’s power is worrisome . Should I try it somewhere once?

I take out the five spheres from the treasure chest and face the transfer device again after confirming that the treasure chest vanished .

All you have to do to activate the transfer device is to touch the crystal . Because the person that are holding onto the individual who touches the crystal transfer together, there is no need to leave anyone behind so I have decided to hold Allen and Elena in my arms and let them touch the crystal .

[Yosh . Then, touch that crystal]

[[Ha~i]]

As Allen and Elena touch the crystal at the same time, I start feeling a little dizzy . We moved to a familiar looking place at the same time .

Looks like we safely arrived at the hall at the 1st floor . I check the map just in case and confirm that we are indeed on the 1st floor .

The dizziness was surely due to the transfer as I’m already feeling well . Confirming that there’s no problem with Allen and Elena, I put the two down and lead them outside .

N~… outside!

The wind brushing my cheeks feels very nice .

Like this, we were able to capture a dungeon for the first time safely .




Chapter 18

It was just about noon when we got out of the dungeon . We ate lunch in front of the dungeon and set on grassy plains to return back to the town .

And then, I notice a snow-white dog fur? No…… wolf? 10 meters in front of us .

Isn’t that wolf sitting in a proper posture while vigorously wagging its tail? Is it someone’s pet or a monster, a quite worrying scene .

If I had to say…… a pet? Its actions are that of a perfectly trained pet dog…… Also, Allen and Elena are not cautious of it at all .

After thinking if we should intercept or avoid it, I appraise it just in case--

＝＝＝＝＝

【Name】

【Race】Fenrir［Takumi’s contracted beast］

【Age】5

【Level】25

【Skills】

Water Magic | Ice Magic | Claw Slash | Evasion

Shrinking | Night Vision | Presence Detection

＝＝＝＝＝

……………

…………

………

…… Un, it’s a monster . Moreover, a Fenrir . It’s an S-Rank monster……

Fenrir is water and ice attributed wolf with quick movements, strong claws, and fangs which likes to fight at a close range . An awfully strong monster, normally…

It can’t be seen as a monster while wagging its tail like that .

But, this, what’s going on……

My contracted beast, what does that mean? I don’t remember making any contracts, though??

When I check my status just in case, the skills【Monster Handling】【Taming】and【Monster Contractor】suddenly appeared .

I have no knowledge about this . This must be that . It’s Syl, right?

I can’t leave it as it is, so when I beckon it to come over, the Fenrir’s tail wagging increases and it runs over . And then, when it comes to my feet, it sits down again .

Un . Good doggy .

Nevertheless, looking at it up close, it’s huge . Even after it sat down, my line of sight nearly didn’t change…… Is it bigger than a cow?

The children would be completely squashed during a play . Even I’m in danger……

While observing the Fenrir in front of me, the Fenrir was also jii~ staring at me with its blue eyes .

[You are a contracted beast?]

[Wafu]

It replied to me when I asked .

It seems to understand what I say . If that’s the case--

[Hand]

[Wafu]

[Second]

[Wafu]

[Down]

[Wafu]

Un, flawless .

It seems to have received general training .

[Wafu!]

[N?]

The Fenrir barks, drawing my attention back to at it as if it was expecting something .

What? But, a typical pet dog would be like this, right?

[……… Yoshyosh?]

When I pat its head, it snuggles up to me comfortably . Seems like I was right . A complete pet dog!? You, are you really an S-Rank monster?

While patting it, the hem on both sides of my clothes are being pulled . Allen and Elena are pulling on the hem .

[What’s the matter?]

[[…………]]

When I look down to match their eyes, the two lift my hands up, turn my palms upwards and put their little hands on it .

………………

……………

…………

… N?

[…………………………………………………… Hand?]

[[Wan!]]

[~~~!!]

What is this cuteness!!!

Because they were too cute, I ended up hugging the two unconsciously .

Hand!! What!? Imitating the Fenrir!?

Eh? Jealousy? Where they perhaps jealous because I paid attention to the Fenrir!?

I was troubled about treating the Fenrir as a pet, but they imitated it!! That’s seriously adorable, though!? I must pay full attention to those two!

I squeeze Allen and Elena in my embrace so tightly they kya, kya happily, while the Fenrir rubbed its face against us and began to lick .

In the end, Allen, Elena and the Fenrir ended up mutually hugging each other .

Ah, because leaving a contracted beast alone in a place like this is impossible, I named the Fenrir Joule1, put Allen and Elena on its back and set towards the town .

The town walls are visible . We have arrived at the town before it got dark .

There, I decided to take Joule into my shadow .

Thanks to Dark Magic, contracted beasts can enter the shadow of the user and be summoned back if necessary .

Unlike Tamed monsters, Contracted beasts are not required to always accompany you . That is the strength of Contracted beasts, is what I think .

Like this, I can walk around with S-Rank Joule without attracting unnecessary attention .

Allen and Elena were reluctant, but it would definitely get noisy if we walk with Joule around, right?

It seems it can become small as a puppy with its【Shrinking】skill, but because I have no collar, it’s better like this today .

I better prepare a collar soon . While thinking so, we entered the town .




Chapter 19

After entering the town, we went straight to the temple first . Of course, it’s to talk with Syl .

(Syl, you here~?)

(Uwa-----n!! Takumi-sa---n!!）

Uwa, what happened!?

As soon as I spoke, I could hear Syl’s outrageous crying voice .

(I”m glad…… gusun…… yo”u came to see meeee~)

Syl continues to cry .

Did I do something? N~? …… Nn!?

Ah! That thing!? That thing when I picked up Allen and Elena!

Which reminds me, I didn’t contact him since then . I just had nothing to talk about, but does Syl think that I’m still angry!?

It’s Syl, he’s definitely under that impression .

(Ah~…… Syl, sorry…… I’m not mad at you so stop crying)

(Dullard… No…… I was in the wrong…… gusun)

Un . I can’t tell him that I completely forgot about that matter……

(Look, don’t cry . I’m at fault for not coming sooner, but I have something I’d like to ask you)

(Ye”s . What is it?)

I decided to stop worrying about the crying Syl and get down to business .

(Today, my contracted beast has appeared, but it was sent by you, right Syl?)

(Contracted beast?)

(The monster Fenrir . It’s now in my shadow)

(Fenrir!? Ah---!! Water’s! So cunning!! Even though I wanted to send one first!!)

Oya? Looks like it wasn’t Syl . But, he seems to know the sender . They are related to a god, after all……

(Even though I told him to wait!! Mou! I will also send one immediately!!)

(Nono, wait a moment! Before that, by “Water’s” you meant that the one who send it is the Water God-sama?)

(More precisely, the Water God’s family . It definitely was the Nagas . It looks like they wanted to express their gratitude . I’m also looking after many other things for you . I will send it now)

Before the excited Syl could do something I stopped him and confirmed the sender of Joule for the second time .

Water God… It was from his family .

--Piron♪

Moreover, they sent items .

Gratitude…… No, it’s definitely about Allen and Elena, but is this all right? I thought it would be[Water God]because Allen and Elena possess water skills, but…

Although he didn’t give a detailed explanation, is it all right for him to get exposed by himself?

Would it be better just to ignore it from now on? I can figure it out from Water God’s family, but Syl hasn’t realized yet…

When I confirm the items that were transferred to me, the item list got absurdly long .

Even though I just skimmed through it, isn’t this full of treasures!

This is more than I expected .

(Is it all right to receive that much?)

(Yes, please accept it . The Water Nagas went out in high spirits to search for the next item, so I think they will bring more to me again . I will send it to you that time!)

(Eh? Next? Why!?)

Nono! This much is already enough!? Don’t I have enough to be considered a millionaire?

(I have properly received their feelings! More than this is a bit!)

(Why? Please, accept it without hesitation . It’s something that was originally crammed in a warehouse anyways . I’m just sorry that I could drag out only this . Ah, even though it was crammed there’s no problem with the condition!)

That is not the problem here . I am not worried about the condition!?

The items can be preserved in the《Infinite Storage》, I’m not worried about the preservation technique of gods!

In the first place, isn’t the sense of values of gods wrong? They surely don’t need many things… Besides, a god with a sense for money seems somewhat unpleasant……

Ah~, nevertheless, aren’t the items I received offerings to a god? Is that all right? No, it’s okay, right…… the god himself is giving it to me……

Un, I would feel bad investigating further .

(Syl, I’m thankful, but I won’t be able to use it if I receive more)

(It’s all right! It’s something we completely forgot about after not touching it for several hundreds of years! It would definitely find more use with Takumi-san!)

Syl starts talking with a scarily refreshing face .

Forgot!? Aren’t you too cruel!? To whom? Of course, to the people that made the offering .

You are receiving their feelings properly? Maa… in that case .

But, that has nothing to do with me accepting it or not . Eh, I won’t receive a divine punishment? What is this… are you threatening me!?

In the end, I was forced to give up .

To lose a quarrel with Syl, I feel somehow disappointed in myself……

(Well then, all that’s left is my Contracted beast!)

Tsk! He didn’t forget .

Because it’s Syl, I was expecting him to forget .

(I have Joule already, it’s all right)

(Why!? If you have it, your battle force will increase, you can even use it for traveling! It’s convenient!

(No, it certainly is convenient and cute, right? But, taking care of animals is hard?)

Although I still don’t know what it takes, if they keep on increasing would be a bit…

(It’s all right! There’s no problem even if you lead the Contracted beast alone . Feeding is not necessary, all you have to do is to let it play outside occasionally! You can walk around with it when it’s in its small, pet form . Ah! That being the case, you will need a collar)

S-Rank monster as a pet…… it certainly has a friendly character and doesn’t look like a monster……

Collar, huh… I would like it if its flexible, but you see…

(But~……)

(Then, I will return that Fenrir to water! And then I will send a new child to Takumi-san!)

(Why did it become like that)

(That’s because Takumi-san is my family, you know! You should have a wind attributed Contracted beast, not a water attributed one!

Syl’s voice became tearful .

Does he dislike me having a different attributed Contract beast?

(Ah~ I understand! I understand already! I will leave it to you)

(Yes! Leave it to me! The water one is a dog, so I will send a cat? Or perhaps a bird? Ah! I will send it tomorrow so, could you go outside the town then?)

（Alright）

As Syl said, our battle force will increase, it won’t become a nuisance, and it concerns Syl’s dignity as the Wind God, I should just accept .

With my acknowledgment, Syl starts choosing the Contracted beast .

(What should I pick~ Would one for traveling be better?)

(Syl?)

(No, will scouting be more useful? N~-----)

(O~i)

…………………… He isn’t listening .

Maa, I asked what I wanted to ask… Oh, well .

(Then, see you later)

Looks like my words don’t reach Syl who is happily choosing the Contracted beast . Because it couldn’t be helped, I said the greetings for my own sake and left the temple .




Chapter 20

The next day, we left through the south gate and arrived at a prairie . Because we came without visiting the Guild, I’m in a complete whole picnic mood .

Allen and Elena are already chasing Joule around the meadows .

--Piron♪

I was relaxing while watching the kids play . And then, I heard the sound I already got used to recently .

Then, a shadow of an animal entered my vision .

Are? There are two?

Doesn’t it say they are both my Contracted beasts when I appraise them?

＝＝＝＝＝

【Name】

【Race】Thunderhawk [Takumi’s Contracted beast] 【Age】3

【Level】20

【Skills】

Lightning Magic | Beak Peck | Flight | Surprise Attack

Farsight | Night Vision | Area Investigation

＝＝＝＝＝

The Thunderhawk is a small falcon with gold-colored feathers .

It manipulates Lightning magic, and its quick movements itself are that of lightning, it’s an A-Rank monster .

Even though I said small, it’s around 30cm tall . Is it just barely able to stand on my arm?

As a test, I display my arm horizontally, before long, the Thunderhawk who was circling above me lands on my arm .

These doesn’t seem to be any problem . However, its nails unexpectedly cut into my arm . I’m wearing a leather jacket, so it doesn’t hurt, but would an arm cover that Falconer use necessary in the future?

The second beast who came along is already rubbing its head against my stomach while emitting a rumbling noise from its throat .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Name】

【Race】Celestial Tiger [Takumi’s Contracted beast] 【Age】5

【Level】25

【Skills】

Wind Magic | Flight | Claw Slash | Evasion

Shrinking | Night Vision | Presence Detection

＝＝＝＝＝

It’s a tiger…… a white tiger with blue eyes . Celestial Tiger is an S-Rank monster .

A monster which can manipulate the wind and run in the sky freely . It’s said that Celestial Tigers can pass even through devastating storms .

Its size is similar to Joule .

Syl was torn between a cat and a bird…… It’s a bird . Thunderhawk is definitely a bird . The Celestial Tiger is…… well, it certainly is a feline, right?

However, I didn’t think he would send me both .

I named the two new additions immediately . The Celestial Tiger is Feat and the Thunderhawk is Bolt .

Then, I retrieve the items from《Infinite Storage》that I received from Syl . There was a hill when I took it all out .

Seems like Syl prepared quite a lot .

He said he would prepare a collar, but it’s not just that, there’s also a pendant, a bracelet, and a ring .

A mountain of materials . Detailed embroidery, leather items, and even metal armor .

From simple to cute and gorgeous clothes . Various items that could support every hobby you may want to do .

Furthermore, it’s flexible to the degree that every person and even beasts would be able to use it .

The same old lavish hospitality…

[[Sparkly~]]

Before I noticed, Allen and Elena returned to me and looked at decorations in their hands .

…… Are? Wait… a moment……

These are jewels!? All these stones are jewels!? I thought they were Magic stones, but I was obviously wrong!

Sapphire, ruby, emerald, diamond!?

The items Allen and Elena were looking at were all made with gorgeous jewels . Of course, it’s sparkly~ then!

No~ that seriously surprised . It was a jaw-dropping surprise .

More than a practical use, this would have an artistic value, right? It’s that . The rich people attach it to their pets to brag about their superiority thing……

For Joule and others? Nonono, nai wa~ Anyway, I decided to put things that didn’t look necessary right now away .

I like More simple, or rather more modest design~ .

[N~… this is good]

＝＝＝＝＝

【Collar of Nullification】

A collar with a (medium) abnormal status resistance .

＝＝＝＝＝

What caught my eye is a smooth leather belt with a silver embroidery and a large magic stone . The effect it has is good . Let’s use this . There seems to be more than one .

A blue magic stone for Joule . I then put a collar with a green magic stone on Feat, confirmed the collars’ sizes, and made them both shrink .

[Un . Seems all right]

The collar properly shrank with the body . Magic tools are seriously convenient~

[[Wanwan!?]]

[Kyan!]

[[Nya~ nya~!?]]

[Na~u]

Suddenly, Allen and Elena got surprised at Joule’s and Feat’s small appearances and imitated them to ensure that they are Joule and Feat .

Joule and Feat properly replied to Allen and Elena’s call .

I really wanted to take a photo of the scene of two children playing with two animals, but I don’t have a camera, so I gave up . How regrettable…

Pulling myself together, I pick the next item .

[Ah, this may be good]

＝＝＝＝＝

【Strong Arm Bracelet】

A bracelet with (small) physical strength increasing effect .

＝＝＝＝＝

What caught my attention next are golden bracelets . An increase in offensive ability is good . I took the small bracelet to Joule’s and Feat’s forepaw, and it shrunk to fit their small sizes .

Joule and Feat should be good with this . I decided to find a magic tool for Bolt next .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Pendant of Nullification】

A pendant with a (medium) abnormal status resistance .

＝＝＝＝＝

＝＝＝＝＝

【Bracelet of the Gale】

A bracelet with (small) speed increasing effect .

＝＝＝＝＝

These two?

I put the pendant and bracelet on Bolt immediately .

Will his balance worsen if I put it only on one leg? Thinking that, I let Bolt fly in the sky once with the magic tool on .

Ah~……… Un, doesn’t seem to be a problem . Bolt smoothly flies in the sky .

He comes back, lands on my shoulder and sings[Pii]while rubbing the top of its head against my cheek . Looks like he likes it .

When I finished choosing magic tools for the three beasts, I looked at Allen and Elena who were staring at me while carrying Joule and Feat in their arms .

They looked so jealous the whole time I was choosing the tools…… Joule and others have matching tools .

Is this good? Nono, this is not a choker, but a collar . You two can’t wear this, okay!?

Eeh!? Don’t feel so down…… I will choose something for Allen and Elena right away, so wait a moment .

[Here Allen, Elena . How about this?]

I showed the two the magic tools for our use I found after I looking for magic tools for the beasts .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Angel’s Pendant】

A pendant with a (medium) magic attack resistance effect .

＝＝＝＝＝

＝＝＝＝＝

【Tough Ring】

A ring with a (small) physical attack resistance effect .

＝＝＝＝＝

＝＝＝＝＝

【Trackign Ring】

A ring which indicates the location of the wearer on the map .

＝＝＝＝＝

A wing pendant made out of silver on a leather strap . I put rings on both sides of the pendants and tie it around Allen and Elena’s necks .

In Allen’s and Elena’s case, defenses were the first choice .

In addition, a tracking ring . This is a magic tool that functions as a GPS, which reflects on my map . This was the only magic tool that was standing out .

Syl must have intentionally prepared this, so I know their location even if we get separated .

[[Ehehe~]]

[You like it?]

[[Un!]]

Allen and Elena lift their pendants and joyfully stare at it .




Chapter 21

Allen and Elena are showing off their pendants to Joule and the others .

They seem to be quite pleased with it .

I in the meantime check the contents of the《Infinite Storage》 .

To be honest, I have been lost in the contents of the《Infinite Storage》myself . Furthermore, a lot of things were added into it yesterday and today .

Therefore, I decided to organize before it’s too late .

Let’s confirm the newly obtained things first .

I view the screen with the list of items I received from Water God’s retainers .

The characters lined up in a row . I confirm them one by one .

A lot of clothes and waterproof overcoats . Ah, there’s even a tent! Then there’s fish, seaweed and other marine materials and products .

Uwa, there’s even a water bottle that can be refilled with magical power! Super~ convenient! Moreover, it’s not just one, there are several of those tools, so generous .

Food, clothes, weapons, armors, medicine, magic tools, monster materials……… I assign each and every item in its classification .

I can even equip Allen and Elena because there were item bags! They may be a little concerned about it, but because it’s a small belt pouch they will surely quickly get used to it .

What do I put in? Surely some money . Should I also make them carry their own Guild Cards? Next the water bottle… what about preserved food? Dried meat? Also, some dried fruits for snacks and some candy .

Extra clothes, an overcoat, and towel . Ah, a knife too . There are small folding knives, so this should be good . Materials…… mithril? Un, why not? Since we have enough! Let’s not worry about it .

In the end, I filled it with items that 5-year-old child wouldn’t really need, but…… oh, well?

I’m just worried that Allen and Elena would get targeted if they use the items in public .

[Allen, Elena]

I call the two and tie the magic bags to their belts .

[This is Allen’s and this Elena’s . Be sure not to lose it while going outside, okay?]

[[Ye~s]]

When entering the town, the two joyfully took out their Guild Cards from their magic bags .

◇ ◇ ◇

[………]

[Elena, what are you looking at? …… A general store?]

While walking back to the inn through the shopping district, Elena stops and jii~… she stares at a certain place . When I look at what’s she’s looking right at, I see a female oriented general store-like shop . I see girls choosing hair ornaments over at that shop .

As expected, a girl would have an interest in things like these .

[Elena, want to take a look?]

When I ask her, Elena’s face starts alternating between the shop and me . After a short while, she lightly nods .

She seems to be interested, after all .

Various clothes and colored threads are on display in the shop . Rather than a general store, a handicrafts shop?

Still, it sparkled Elena’s interest as she restlessly looked around the shop .

I also looked around the shop and found a white lace ribbon among the displayed products .

[Oneesan, can this ribbon be used as hair ornament as it is?]

[Yes, it can . They are all 50G each]

I thought it might be a handicraft that needs to be sewn on first, but it seems it can be used as it is .

Of course, I don’t know because I have never bought something like that before . Should I buy it?

The price…… un? Even if I ask, I don’t know if it’s cheap or expensive . It’s the price of a single meal on Aetherdia . Is that a reasonable price?

Maa, we have more than enough to buy it so there’s no problem .

[Elena, come here]

I crouch down near Elena, I bunch the hair behind her right ear together and put the ribbon in it .

Doesn’t it have quite a nice feeling? The white ribbon makes Elena’s azure hair flourish, I think it looks excellent .

[How nice, it suits her well . Oniisan, how about another one on the second side?]

[Yeah . I will take it]

Certainly, this hairstyle will look better on both sides .

While thinking that, I receive the exact same ribbon from the good at business lady and do the same on the left side .

[How nice, how nice . I have a mirror here Ojouchan, take a look]

The shop assistant lady takes out a hand mirror and presents it to Elena . Elena jii~ at her hair… then her smile blossoms .

[You like it?]

When I ask, Elena gives me a light nod .

She seems to be pleased with it, let’s buy more in different colors .

[Then, shall we buy some other colors? Elena, what colors do you like?]

When I look at Elena who faced the display of ribbons and chosen her favorite colors--

She chose a green and black ribbons and picked them up .

I thought she would definitely pick a pink or red, but that wasn’t the case .

[You like that one?]

[Un!]

[… N~ Elena, I think that color won’t go too well with your hair color, though?]

[This! Oniichan’s color!]

My color? Certainly, it’s close to my hair and eye color……

[She really loves Oniisan, I see~ Hey, ribbons don’t have to be primarily used in hair]

[…… That’s right, huh . Elena, is one of each color okay?]

[Un!]

Certainly, there’s no need to use it in hair especially, let’s buy it since Elena picked it herself .

Besides, she chose my hair and eye colors, she did something adorable .

[Then, this pink, cream, and light blue too? Two of each, please . Also, is that mirror perhaps for sale?]

I choose another three colors that seemed suitable for Elena .

Also, might as well buy a mirror, rigth? But, would a handicrafts shop sell those?

[This? I’m afraid to say not . This is something sold three stores from here]

Ah, as expected . But, let’s buy it later since it’s close .

[Rather than that, Oniisan! I have a favor to ask]

[A favor?]

[Yes! Won’t you dress the children in this for me to see!?]

The slightly excited woman presents a white-hooded cape in each of her hands .

[I think it’s okay, but]

[Really!?]

When I approved, the woman approached Allen and Elena to put the capes on at once .

Then, as expected, the two quickly hid behind my back .

They are able to speak in public, but they can’t talk yet directly with someone except for me . Because of that, having someone dress them is…… impossible .

[Ah~……]

[Ah, indeed . These children are not used to strangers . Could you lend it to me?]

I received the capes from the depressed woman and helped the two put them on .

This time…… rather than the two putting it on themselves, they want me to put it on for them, huh~ Is it okay to be enjoying this sense of superiority? No, I can’t… I have to let them become accustomed to strangers bit by bit……

Nevertheless, this cape, it feels nice on touch? Was it made with a good fabric? The cape is thick, it doesn’t look like it could be worn after it gets hot .

[Can you put the hoods up!?]

[?]

After I had finished putting it on, I put the hoods up as the woman said .

[!! This is~~]

The hood surprised me . This is so cute!

There are animal ears on top of the hood!

Allen’s are semicircular ears, Ellen’s are triangular .

Allen and Elena titls their heads at me who is in agony, but that gesture wasn’t something an ordinary person can survive . It can’t be helped, but to fall into even deeper agony, right?

[So good! Amazingly nice!! Ah~ As I expected, it really suits these children!]

[You made this?]

[That’s right . I’m also a tailor, after all . This is something I made a long time ago, but you see~ the moment I saw these children, I couldn’t help it, but want them to put it on!!]

This person is apparently also a tailor . That explains why several clothes are on displayed .

[Are you selling this?]

Because the two are adorable in it, if she’s selling it I would like tobuy it . The seasons already changed, but there’s still room to grow so when it gets chilly again, they will be able to wear it .

[Of course! But, is that all right? It’s made from a good fabric so the price is quite high . It’s an unsold item so there’s a discount, but…]

[It’s all right . It suits the two well, after all]

[Really!? You saved me!!]

Thus, I immediately bought the two kemonomimi capes .

Ah, before I forget, we also visited the nearby shop to purchase the mirror .

Because I have bought lots for Elena this time, I will have to buy Allen something next, is what I thought, but…… but, what do you buy for boys?

…… Nn? What would be good?

Girls are easy to understand . It was a ribbon and a mirror this time . It will be accessory next time . A stuffed toy after that…

Then, for a boy? When I ask, the answer gets jammed .

What did I get when I was small?

---Games and manga? They don’t have that in this world……

---A soccer ball or baseball glove? That’s also not here…

---A plastic model? Not here…………

---Building blocks? Would it be useful even if they sell it? In the first place, would the two play with building blocks?

Nn? This is no good…… I can’t think of anything good……

After thinking for a while and not figuring anything out, I have decided to put Allen’s shopping on hold .

Sorry, Allen…… I will think about it, so when there’s another opportunity……




Chapter 22

[Gaya Forest]monster subjugation request .

The objective is thinning out the monsters and investigating whether monster nests were built in the vicinity of the town and sweep them if they were .

--Gaya Forest .

A very dangerous forest with a degree of risk at rank A, where monsters run rampant in significant numbers .

It is said that the central part of the forest is the territory of monsters so powerful that no one was able to return from there yet safely .

But, that does not mean that monsters are concentrated only in the center of the forest . The monsters appear even along the border of the forest .

The monsters that escape from the central part are classified as C-Rank and D-Rank . Nevertheless, they are still a great threat to ordinary people .

In addition, the strong monsters…… it’s not like A-Rank monsters never come outside of the forest .

When they come out of the forest, the damage to humans inevitably increases .

Therefore, to influence the vicinity of the town…… a sweeping force is needed to clean up the near forest .

It’s usually done just by knights without needing to have the help of adventurers .

This is a special case because of the place that is Gaya Forest .

Even if one enlist to knights and diligently trains, there is only a handful of people who can stride along in the Gaya Forest .

In addition, the town of Shirin is right around the border near a town in the Argo Kingdom . Although a friendly country, the town can’t be left defenseless with all influential people going to the Gaya Forest .

Because of that, adventurers are called for help .

Influential people including A-Rank and B-Rank adventurer parties are being gathered .

As for me, I have received a designated request from the Knights branch Captain Grunwald Ruven-sama to participate in the joint subjugation .

◇ ◇ ◇

One the appointed day . I stopped by the Adventurer’s Guild with Allen and Elena first . My purpose was to check the details about the request .

Honestly, I didn’t hear what sort of request this time’s request is . Just the usual situation .

I didn’t so I wanted to grasp the contents of the requests, so I won’t get in the way . The Guild is on the way to the west gate, after all .

Therefore, I scanned the request board and then went to the gathering place at the west gate .

There, Knights loading several carriages and adventurers who also accepted the request are already gathered . When the people noticed our presence, they looked at us with a suspicious and sharp gazes .

I know I stand out because I have children with me, but what an unpleasant atmosphere .

For now, I ignore the stares and approach Wald-sama who is giving instructions .

[Ou, you came!]

Wald-sama who noticed us lifts up one hand and walks towards us .

[Good morning, Wald-sama]

[You properly came . The little ones came too as expected]

[Since I have received the request I would naturally come . Besides, Wald-sama understood that the children would go with me when you have given me the request, right?]

Wald-sama knows the circumstances of Allen and Elena . If you knew, why would you want me to participate in the request!

[Hahaha . You guys will be all right . Besides, I put you guys into my team]

[You have dived us into teams?]

[Three teams in total . A line-up of fifteen people . The parties of adventurers were kept together]

[From what I can see there is no other three person party beside us?]

It’s easy to see each party from the way the adventurers are gathering .

[I let you guys participate on my own, after all . We have two more people in the team . Ah, that way the number of knights decreased]

You seem to have been at least paid considerate in the party dividing .

[If you can pay that much consideration, you should have at least explained about us to the other knight-samas . You didn’t even tell them about us participating? I can feel their cold gazes since a while ago]

[Oh! I forgot!]

This person……

The knights who were listening to our conversation attentively looks at Wald-sama with indifferent expressions . I wonder if Wald-sama is always like this .

But, it should have been transmitted that the person who asked us to come was Wald-sama himself . I hope this would make conversing with the unit a bit easier, though……

Allen and Elena who are sensitive towards the surroundings took the stares of others as “hostility,” but they still thankfully didn’t lash out, but clung closely to my legs instead .

I decided to lift the two up because it was hard walking like that . I lifted one, I lifted the second, and now they cling to my neck instead .

This will last for a while, huh……

◇ ◇ ◇

We moved by the carriage to the Gaya Forest . Because the carriages can’t be left behind outside the forest, knight-samas who don’t participate in the subjugation will take them back .

We will arrive in four to five hours .

I was able to exchange a few words with the knight-samas in the carriage . I’m glad their attitude softened a bit .

Because I was “Forced by Wald-sama”, they had a sympathizing atmosphere around them, though . Apparently, Wald-sama regularly stirs up his surroundings .

The atmosphere in the carriage loosened and we arrived at the place of destination in peace .

[Oshi! The preparations are complete . From here, you will move according to your party’s route towards the camping point]

This subjugation expedition is planned to last for five days . First, the three parties will move through the forest separately .

The party we are in has 10 Knight-samas including Wald-sama . Also, 4 men party[Dragon Breath]containing an A-Rank adventurer Rudolph-san . 17 people in total .

Without delay, I follow Wald-sama’s team while holding hands with Allen and Elena .

After walking in the forest for a while .

[There~]

[Coming]

It seems that Allen and Elena sensed a monster . They point to the left with their fingers while pulling the hem of my clothes .

[Thank you . Wald-sama, a monster is coming from the left side]

I immediately report to the captain of this team, Wald-sama .

[N, from left? --… Takumi, nothing’s there]

[There’s still some distance . But, you should see it soon . What to do in a situation like this? Everyone takes care of it?]

The extent of Allen’s and Elena’s detection is vast . Therefore, we have a spare time to prepare to confront the monster .

[Gilm, can you detect it?]

[Dragon Breath]leader, A-Rank Rudolph-san immediately checks with his party member .

Rudolph-san has a dignified, well-built stature, and he’s carrying a spear with an ax-like blade attached…… a 38 years old man carrying a halberd . Indeed, a person emitting a “veteran” atmosphere .

The one he checks with is a C-Rank scout named Gilm-san . If I’m not mistaken, he possesses a detection skill . The other two are a B-Rank swordsman Zack-san and the only woman, C-Rank magician Iris-san .

[No, there’s no reaction]

[Oioi, that true? Don’t say such spew such nonsense to me]

[………]

It seems like Gilm-san’s detection still didn’t react .

The surroundings become noisy .

Hearing Gilm-san’s results, Zack-san jeers back in doubt . But, Rudolph-san as if observing something looks at the children and me .

I have a【Detection】skill, but this uses me as a center to spread magical power and allows me to search for magical power other than mine . It uses quite the quantity of the user and is considerably different from presence detection .

Even though he has the same【Detection】as me, since the amount of magical power I have is overwhelmingly larger, I can search wider area .

And although similar to【Detection】, Allen and Elena have【Presence Detection】 . It’s an ability which allows them to sense a malicious intent in a certain scope .

Although we have to activate the skill on our own, Allen and Elena are using the skill unconsciously .

And, the effective radius of Allen’s and Elena’s【Presence Detection】is vast . I checked this fact myself with my【Detection】 .

That’s the reason, Gilm-san’s detection hasn’t reacted yet .

[Ah!]

[What’s wrong?]

[There’s a reaction . Incoming!]

It seems the monster finally appeared in his detection .

[What!?]

[Really?]

[Dragon Breath]members and knight-samas simultaneously look towards us .

Nono, it’s really the truth . It’s not like I would say something irresponsible in a place like this .

Hey, what are you going to do about that? You shouldn’t be paying attention here?

Immediately, a single Red Wolf enters the view . When it’s seen, and everyone enters a ready for battle mode--

[Ah, oi!]

One of the knights points to a direction .

Ah, crap!

When I look to what he’s pointing at, I see Allen and Elena charging at the Red Wolf .

When we were in the dungeon I told them “when you find a monster it’s all right to defeat it”, I remembered too late .

I forgot to tell Allen and Elena to behave……

The two drew close to the Red Wolf immediately .

There, Allen quickly kicks the chin of the Red Wolf from bellow . The Red Wolf raised a bit because of that kick and this time Elena drives a drop kick on its head .

The Red Wolf crashed into the ground and stopped moving .

[…………………]

The knights and adventurers all have the same dumbfounded expression with their mouths agape .




Chapter 23

[[Defeated~!]]

Allen and Elena return as if nothing has happened . While drawing the defeated Red Wolf by its forepaws behind them……

They have completely mastered the dungeon’s action of “picking up dropped items from defeated monsters . ”

However… I should stop you from dragging the Red Wolf’s large body with your little bodies…… everyone got even more surprised, after all……

[Ah, un . Good job~ Are you unhurt?]

[Un]

[Ok~ay]

First, let’s pat the heads of the two who safely defeated the monster . It already became a habit . If I don’t do that, the children will look up at me with anxiety .

[Ah~, also . This time, Oniichan and the others will fight the monsters, why don’t Allen and Elena take a day-off?]

[[? Understand~]]

I tell them before I forget . There are 15 experienced adults, Allen and Elena shouldn’t need to fight .

The two tilted their heads in puzzlement, but they seemed to understand . Like this, even if they find a monster, they won’t recklessly charge at it .

[Oi! The hell was that just now!]

[No~… just as you saw?]

Even if you ask me what…

[Red Wolf is a C-Rank, you know!]

[Didn’t you, Wald-sama assess the children as C-Rank adventurers yourself?]

[That was you! Did you want to make your opponents careless because he was facing children!?]

Eh!? Did you interpret it like that?

[…… Even if you thought so, I have told you about how I found these kids, right?]

[That talk about them being orphaned, right? What about it?]

…… Seriously?

Did he not notice anything……

You, how could you want me to join in the request then?

[I told you I found these children malnourished in the Gaya Forest]

[I have heard that]

[!!]

Wald-sama looks like he doesn’t understand yet, but the silver-haired, grayish blue-eyed, stereotypical “brains” like looking vice-captain Isaac Risner-sama realized it . He opens his eyes wide in surprise .

[…… By that, you mean “the children have originally lived in this forest”…… right? ]

[Ah!!]

With Risner-sama’s words, Wald-sama finally understood .

[That’s right . Were they defeating the monsters, or were they running away from them? I don’t know how they lived until now yet, but they have certainly survived in the forest for several days]

[……………]

Everyone is at a loss for words .

Everyone knows the dreadfulness of this forest . For that reason, they can imagine just how harsh those several days Allen and Elena lived here must have been .

[Anyhow . These children were originally strong, so even if you ask me I won’t be able to answer you]

I said while patting the heads of Allen and Elena on both of my sides .

If I say it like that, there most likely won’t be anyone who will ask further questions .

[Well then, here you go]

To not linger about this topic anymore, I present the defeated Red Wolf to Wald-sama .

[Ah?]

[The Knights are collecting the defeated monsters, right?]

[Yes……]

The defeated monsters are at once collected the Knights, then purchased later . A suitable price depending on the contribution will be paid separately from the request payment .

So I said, why do you still have such complicated expressions?

[……… You guys can keep that]

[Is that alright?]

[Yes . If I include that in the check, I would feel guilty for stealing from the kids…… N? Takumi, do you have a magic bag? Should I lend you one?]

[No, it’s alright]

I’m told that we can harvest this Red Wolf .

Because the wolf was completely defeated by Allen and Elena only, he would feel awkward to collect it .

Even though he doesn’t have to worry about it~ But, well if he says so, I will take it without any reservation .

[……《Infinite Storage>》? A space-time magic user…]

[Eh!?]

Rudolph-san points out when I collect the Red Wolf .

How did he know!?

I have made an unnatural reaction because of your sudden comment!

[The flow of magical power of magic bag and《Infinite Storage》is different . That thing on your waist is definitely a magic bag, but you have collected it elsewhere, right?]

[………]

That surprised me . To think he would be able to distinguish the difference of magical flow between magic bag and《Infinite Storage》……

[That’s amazing . To be able to perceive such a small difference in magical flow]

[It’s only possible for people who excel at perceiving magical power]

A proficiency of a skill, huh…… As expected of A-Rank . Indeed, not an ordinary person .

The others aside from Rudolph-san look surprised . I wasn’t planning on concealing it forever, but I was unexpectedly exposed early .

But, like this, I will be able to use it without holding back, so let’s not mind it?

The surveying of the forest has resumed .

And then, after a while--

[[Ah!]]

Allen and Elena suddenly run off and squat to a tree’s base .

N? Is there something? Ah, a medicinal plant .

[[Here!]]

What the two brought back is a Demon Spirit Grass .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Demon Spirit Grass】

A medicinal plant growing in places with a demonic element in the air .

A special condition is necessary in order to cultivate demonic element . There is no success in its cultivation so far .

A useful medicinal plant mainly used for magic potions .

＝＝＝＝＝

[You remembered well~ However you see~……]

[[Can’t~?]]

This is a medicinal plant which we gathered for a request once before . The two remembered it well .

But, we are working in a group right now, so I can’t have them going out on their own .

It’s not good . Normally I would……

I glance over to Wald-sama . Then, Allen and Elena look at him too .

Then, once again .

[[Can’t~?]]

They request with puppy eyes .

If it were me, I would get defeated instantly . How about Wald-sama……?

[…… I don’t mind if you follow without falling behind]

He closed his eyes for Allen and Elena .

Since listening to the talk about Allen and Elena a while ago, the other knight-samas watch over the children with lukewarm expressions .

Allen and Elena sense that too, they are able to give simple answers .

We have become quite well-known, but that may have been good .

Un, all turned out good…… I think?

[Don’t go too far]

[[Ye~s]]

Allen and Elena who received permission start running here and there energetically . They collect medicinal plants and fruits one by one .

But, you see, I didn’t teach them about the medicinal plants in the vicinity? …… Eh, did they see them before?

… Yes, when I met them in the Gaya Forest for the first time . I was indeed gathering various things that time . But, I was collecting it alone, did they remember just from seeing me?

They remember well~

My body was inserted with knowledge and appraisal, so I had it easy, but these children really are talented~

[Oniicha~n]

[Get that~]

Allen and Elena seem to find something again and trot over to me . Then, they point their fingers at a big rock, trying to show me something .

When I look towards the direction they are pointing at, I see a moss growing in the shade of rocks .

I see . This can’t be gathered without gloves . These children even remember the proper gathering method .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Iwami Moss】

A turquoise species of moss growing in humid, dark places . Especially in shade of rocks .

Causes rash in contact with bare hands .

Medicine for an itch when mixed with several kinds of medicinal plants .

＝＝＝＝＝

[What’s that?]

[That’s an Iwami Moss, isn’t it? They are really smart children]

All members stop and look at the shade of the rock .

Most of the people tilt their heads in puzzlement, but Risner-sama seems to know of it . My brains-like impression of him wasn’t wrong .

[This is a material mainly used for skin itch medicine . Captain, you were previously lamenting when an anti-itch medicine wasn’t being sold, weren’t you? It’s used for that . The reason that medicine isn’t sold that much anymore is because the Iwami Moss’s acquisition has recently decreased]

“Mainly used for skin itch medicine” Risner-sama makes it sound good, but…… in other words, it’s that . Medicine for athlete’s foot .

Wald-sama… you have an athlete’s foot, don’t you……

Are? Why are so many people staring at the moss? You guys too!?

[Seriously!? Oshi! Let’s gather it all!]

[Captain, you can’t!]

[Wald-sama, you can’t!]

Wald-sama who really wants an itch medicine quickly moved towards the moss . Both Risner-sama and I stop him in panic .

[Captain, if you touch it bare handed you will get rash . Please, think a bit about why those children didn’t gather it themselves but called Takumi-san instead! Even though I told you to[Stop working by instinct]so many times! Besides---]

Risner-sama started his lecturing . The other knight-samas look like this is a normal occurrence . Being a vice-captain to a captain who moves on instincts seems tough .

While the lecturing is going on, I put on leather gloves, shave off the moss clinging to the rock with a knife and collect it .

However, even when I was done with the collecting, the lecturing time didn’t come to an end yet .

Is it still going to continue?

Let’s confirm with the other knights .

[When will this finish?]

[It won’t end for an another hour]

…… Another hour? No~ I can’t wait that long……

Can’t be helped……

[Let’s release the ultimate weapon…]

[The ultimate weapon… is it?]

[Right . Allen, Elena . Come here---]

I whisper to their ears and send them out towards Risner-sama .

[N?]

The two approach Risner-sama and pull on the hem of his clothes . Risner-sama noticed it and stopped his lecturing .

[What’s the matter?]

[Here]

[For you]

Allen and Elena hand Risner-sama the gathered Iwami Moss .

[You are giving me this?]

Risner-sama who crouched down checks the contents of the bag and confirms with Allen and Elena .

[Un]

[For you~]

[Thank you very much]

[[Un!]]

They were able to end the lecturing time safely .

Allen, Elena . You did well!




Chapter 24


[Allen, Elena . Come! It’s time for a break]

[[Ye~s]]

I call over the two children who are running all over the place, picking fruits and medicinal plants, and use《Washing》on them .

[What would you like for a snack?]

Because I got the permission from Wald-sama, the two have snack break while walking .

Allen and Elena who move the same as the adults, eat half of what the adults eat . It can’t be helped because they have small stomachs . However, that would prevent them from receiving enough nutrition, so I often give them snacks on the move .

[[Cream!]]

The request of the two seems to be a Cream bread .

[Here . Eat while paying attention so you don’t trip]

[[Ye~s]]

The two bit into the bread immediately after I hand it over to them . Wald-sama who saw that suddenly shouts .

[Oi! Is that[Gold Wheat’s Shop]phantom bread!?]

[What’s with that……]

Phantom bread? Cream bread?

[Sold on days without a fixed date, moreover, there’s a limit of 20 breads a day, therefore it’s called “Phantom bread”!]

Oh, seems like Road-san started selling Cream bread .

◆ ◆ ◆

It was few days after arriving at the town of Shirin .

[Excuse me]

[Ye~s]

When the sun was setting, I visited a bakery called[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

The goods weren’t displayed anymore, it was the closing time .

When I entered the shop and called the salesclerk, a woman immediately came from inside the shop .

[I’m sorry, it’s time for the shop to close today]

The woman was apologetic .

[Is it possible to order bread here?]

First of all, I asked what I came to ask .

[Do you mean you need a certain quantity prepared?]

[No, there’s bread I want you to make]

The bread eaten in Aetherdia are simple . The sizes are different by the shop, but all of them are just a circular bread .

Table roll--a small-sized bread used as a garnish for meals .

If a Pullman loaf is not being sold here, things like kashi-pan or choripan won’t sell anywhere .

But, there are more or less varieties of bread .

Containing an albumen mixed with wheat flour--a bread made with a whole wheat flour, Cereal bread .

Bread made from a refined white wheat flour, White bread .

A rye flour--a bread made from rye, Brown bread .

Although the white bread is delicious and fluffy, it’s wasteful not to develop it further .

I thought . If it’s not here, why not just create it?

So I came to[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

[You want to make? Is it something different from what’s being sold?]

[Yes, that’s right]

[Umm…… the bread is made by the father so… I will get him]

[Alright]

The woman is apparently a daughter of the shopkeeper .

She went back to the kitchen and called over the shopkeeper .

[Is it you? The one wanting to make bread]

Immediately, a solidly built man, with a typical[Oyaji-san]appearances came out .

[What do you want to make?]

[Umm, it’s this, but…]

I take out a custard cream and Ranka fruit jam I made myself .

[N…… a jam? I don’t know this one…]

[This is called custard cream . I want to put this inside bread and bake it]

[Put inside, you say?]

[Is that not possible?]

[It’s not like it’s not possible, but . I have never made something like that before…]

[In that case---]

I visited[Gold Wheat’s Shop]the next day in the afternoon again and demonstrated the shopkeeper, Road-san how to make it .

I received a pre-made white bread dough from Road-san and I immediately worked on the filling .

First, I taught Road-san how to wrap the jam and custard cream in the dough properly . As expected of a baker, he quickly got hold of it .

The custard cream and jam I prepared has been all used up in no time . On the other hand, the was quite of the dough remaining .

He wanted to bake the remaining dough normally, but I asked if I can take it over as I was thinking about using it for a different bread .

Road-san who showed interest in the Cream bread and Jam buns readily approved .

Having said that, something suddenly came on my mind……

I retrieved Raisins from《Infinite Storage》I washed them in hot water and lightly sprinkled with rum . Maa, I intended to make a basic Raisin bread . I only knead it into the dough .

After all, there is also no store which sells those .

What can I make next…… ah, that’s right! There was that!

What I retrieved next is a cinnamon stick . I found and bought this while walking around a grocery store .

That and sugar . Sugar is not from a grocery store, but it was something I received from Syl . I mix it with cinnamon to create a cinammon sugar .

I spread the dough into a 30cm rectangle and paint the surface with melted butter, sprinkle it over with the cinnamon sugar and coil it around in a cylinder shape .

I cut it into 3~4cm long sections and bake it . All that’s left is to sprinkle it over with a dissolved sugar once it’s baked?

I surprisingly quite love them~ Cinnamon rolls .

Now, Road-san only needs to bake them properly .

After all the bread was baked, it was time for sampling .

[So good!]

I receive praises from Road-san .

[[Yummy~]]

Allen and Elena who observed me the whole time finally bit into the samples which they really liked . Although they were only samples, but because there were four kinds of bread, they filled their mouths plentily .

A~ah, if they eat so much, they won’t be able to eat dinner later~

And then, the bread I made (strictly speaking, they weren’t my ideas) became the talk of[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

Of course, I have approved of it . If it sells, I will be now able to buy it from a shop . Because the custard cream tends to spoil, I had to explain its method of making, though carefully .

After that, Road-san did various trials and errors and put the products on sale .

◆ ◆ ◆

The rumors of [Gold Wheat’s Shop] Jam bun, Raisin bread, Cinnamon roll being first-class bread from the town of Shirin spread around .

The rival bakeries now started selling them too .

Maa, but no matter what happens, their rivals won’t be able to reproduce it properly . But still, there are one or two shops that are ahead of[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

But, the Cream bread made with custard cream is a specialty of[Gold Wheat’s Shop] . They won’t allow its ingredients to be known to anyone .

The culture of “Bread, the main protagonist” was born……

… I honestly didn’t know . When did it become like that……

I didn’t think that the Cream bread would become so famous it would be called “Phantom bread”……

[Moreover, there’s a talk it sells out a few minutes after selling . Takumi, you bought it!]

[No, this is something that was personally made for me]

[Haa!? What’s that! They shouldn’t be accepting orders for that!]

I did order anything from Road-san .

Rather, why is Wald-sama so knowledgeable about this? Did he perhaps not eaten it yet?

The Knights including Wald-sama are looking envious…… The adventurers of[Dragon Breath]who are not from Shirin didn’t seem to know of it, but they are now greatly interested…

[Kiddos, share a bit with me]

[[No~!!]]

Please don’t go taking food from children!!

Ah~ my Cream bread inventory…… ah, there’s enough for all people here .

Can’t be helped~

[Only this one time~]

[Seriously!? Alright!]

When I take out the Cream bread, everyone gathers .

Calm down a bit! This is[Gaya Forest]be a little careful of surroundings!

[Iya~ that was good!]

Everyone who ate the Cream bread liked it . There seems to be an unexpectedly large amount of people who like sweets .

However, in this world, the most common sweet thing is jam .

There also seems to be cookies, but they are something that only those with a bit more money can afford .

Honey and starch syrup appear to be relatively cheap, but it can only be eaten like that or mixed in a tea .

No wonder I couldn’t find sweets for Allen and Elena in the town .

I have no choice, but to make the sweets myself from now on .




Chapter 25

[Buhiiiiiii~]

After the unexpected break, a group consisting of six Orcs and one High Orc has appeared after we resumed the survey .

Knights in pairs take on the Orcs, while the[Dragon Breath]party engages the High Orc .

And I’m also responsible for taking care of one Orc .

Although Allen and Elena are here, I confront the Orc alone .

Seeing that, Rudolph-san and Gilm-san offered help, but I of course declined .

There’s only one opponent, after all . There are no problems .

[《Wind Cutter》]

I quickly cut its head off, case closed!

Orc has a large body with great power, but its movements are slow so it’s easy to defeat . All you have to do is aim and shoot . A big body means big target .

Easy peasy!

[Haa~!]

As for the Knights, one person attracts the Orc’s attention and the other person strikes at it .

They keep repeating it wounding it little by little and then give it a fatal wound . It’s a very steady way of fighting .

I just quietly watch, ready for a follow-up anytime .

However…… They way of fighting is completely opposite of me who can only fight with brute strength .

It’s a way of fighting that I, who lived 20 years without a single fight can’t do .

In the first place, I didn’t do any other exercises back on Earth than running (I wasn’t fast by any means) . I was not athletic at all .

Un, I was a klutz . What a sad thing……

In ball games, I was catching the balls with my face~ It’s all old memories now .

However, I can now run fast because of the present body, my physical ability can’t be compared to my previous one!

Iya~ moving freely is splendid! I could avoid any ball now!

However, even if my physical ability increased, my martial experience is zero, so I may not be able to provide much support……

I know I can’t help because I never had any interest in things like these, leaving me with limited knowledge .

Allen’ and Elena’s fighting style is strong, should I learn a bit from them? Dojo… is there a place like that somewhere~

There should be a place that teaches basics . Let’s look for one next time .

[Oriyaa~!]

[Buhiiii~]

Ah, looks like Wald-sama and others defeat all of the Orcs . There don’t seem to be any injuries .

[Haaa!]

[Buhiiiiiii~!]

Oh, Rudolph-san’s halberd beheaded the High Orc .

With the High Orc’s cry of agony, Rudolph-san shouts not losing to the Orc .

[Uwa!]

When all Orcs are defeated, Rudolph-san looks at me with a stern expression . Then he suddenly asks while grabbing my hand .

[Takumi!!]

[Yes!?]

[To instakill an Orc… just who are you!]

Even if you asks me that .

I understand that an experienced Knight will have troubles against Orc in a one on one fight, but I think that anyone with some skill in magic can behead such slow monster easily?

Moreover, the others also didn’t take that much time to deal with their opponents .

Why are you grabbing my head?

[[Uu~]]

[Allen, Elena . It’s all right . Wald-sama how about releasing your hand? The two are wary of you]

I’m being bullied? The two probably thought so and let out cute growling noises .

Hearing my words, Wald-sama notices Allen and Elena clinging to my sides while glaring at him . He awkwardly releases his hand .

[Allen, Elena . Look, I’m okay, calm down please~]

For now, I pat the two U~ u~ growling kids’ heads .

[To have that done to him and be alright!]

[Perhaps captain wasn’t serious enough?]

[No, that was serious . I can tell . That was a considerable amount of power]

[… Inhuman]

[Right . He’s not normal]

Because I was held with all his strength, I felt pain . However, I have a physical attack resistance . Moreover, it’s MAX’ed!

Therefore, although I felt only a little pain, an average person would be finished . The Knight start whispering among themselves after witnessing me not showing any reaction to Wald-sama’s attack .

Hey, you guys…… I can hear you .

They are certainly not wrong . I’m a God’s retainer “Human?” . You are not wrong, but…… that’s somewhat rude .

[Wald-sama and others also didn’t take much time to deal with their opponents]

[We were in pairs! Moreover, we can’t do something like instakilling it! You are an F-Rank fraud!]

[No, I have raised by one rank, so I’m an E-Rank now]

Adventurers normally start at F-Rank, right? Then, they steadily improve they rank .

I’m not a fraud!

[Doesn’t change the fact it’s stra~nge!]

So cruel……

[Rudolph-dono! I will contact Guild Master too, but once we return, please tell Guild Master to raise this fellow’s rank immediately!]

[Right . I will definitely talk with him]

[………]

Oya?

[With a high ranker’s recommendation, the Guild Master can raise one rank to some extent]

Rudolph-san who saw my bewilderment explains .

Something like skipping grades? I see, so there was such a system .

As expected, I didn’t know such information .

Probably, even though Syl knows basic information, he isn’t aware of small details like this . It’s not necessary for him, after all .

It wouldn’t be bad to raise my rank, right? The extent of requests I could take will increase .

What procedures should be taken after returning to the town?

Maa~ Rudolph-san said he would talk to the guild’s top so I should probably just wait since they will be contacting me?

[First of all, let’s clean up . Fuse, Cain . Rudolph-dono and others dismantle the High Orc . Collect as much meat as you need . Others take the Orcs]

People start dismantling on Wald-sama’s orders .

I also collect the Orc’s materials .

First, the magic stone .

Next, the testicles…… it’s apparently an ingredient used for male-oriented stimulants . I will absolutely never drink it, but…… this seems to be quite high in demand .

High Orc’s materials are same as Orc’s, magic stone and testicles . Also, it’s skin is used for protective gear .

Also, both have an enormous amount of meat .

This is a problem . Several of 3~4 meters tall Orcs leave behind quite a lot of meat .

It’s food . It would be normally brought back, but today is the first day of the expedition . If we secure it now, it will spoil before we could get back to the town .

Unfortunately, in a case like this, we can only secure enough for us to consume .

[Yosh, we are done . Then---]

And, the rest is burned, so they don’t turn undead .

---Normally, they would be burned, but……

[Wald-sama]

[Takumi, what’s up?]

[Have you forgotten? With me, we can collect everything]

In my《Infinite Storage》the meat won’t spoil .

[Ah!]

He seemed to forget because he’s not familiar with it yet, but the time stops in space-time magic . It should be known that time stops inside the《Infinite Storage》 .

Thus, we have decided to collect the rest of the Orc meat .

Because it would take a time to dismantle, I just stored everything inside《Infinite Storage》 just like that .

[Nevertheless…… to think there would be a group so close to the town]

[This is unusual]

[What do you think, Rudolph-dono?]

It seems to be rare to encounter a group half a day distance of the town .

They are mostly seen alone .

Wald-sama and Risner-sama confirm the situation with Rudolph-san .

[Umu . I have a feeling that the atmosphere in the forest has been quieter than before……]

Rudolph-san’s meaning isn’t “it’s calm”, but “it’s quiet before the storm” .

[Captain, it might be better to investigate this carefully]

[Yea, I agree . Let’s move with more care from now on]

We advance further to the forest while cautious .




Chapter 26

When the sun begins to go down, we arrived at the camping point .

I wanted to prepare a meal, but it seems the Knights are in charge of meals .

The ones in charge are the knights Cain-san and Heinz-san .

It appears that the menu is High Orc meat skewer, soup, and hard bread .

Cain-san pours water into a large pot puts a small amount of dehydrated vegetables inside . Soup?

Heinz-san is preparing the skewers . He’s cutting the Hight Orc meat into chunks and stabbing it on skewers…… Fist-sized chunks of meat?

…………… N?

[Please, wait a moment!]

[Takumi-san, what’s the matter?]

I hesitated to interfere, but…… I can’t overlook this!

I absolutely feel wrong about this……

[I just want to confirm, but…… are you going to put something else in this soup? after boiling it?]

[No, I will just season it with salt afterward!]

[………]

Seriously……

[Are you going to cook meat of that size?]

[Yes!]

[………]

………………

Oh my…… is this normal? It feels like nothing is strange with this……

Nono! Indeed, the meals in[Komadori Pavilion]had a salt-based taste . However, they were appropriately delicious .

This is not normal!

[First, the soup . Aren’t you missing ingredients for the stock? It will only have a salty taste like this… Then, make the meat into a bit smaller pieces, if too little they will easily burn, if too big, they will be underdone]

The people here were saying that the cream bread was delicious . Which means that their palate isn’t misaligned .

So for what reason are they overlooking this?

When I ask Wald-sama and the other knights---

[We are mostly people who can’t cook, you see]

[Everytime during the camp it’s “as long as we eat” feeling . Dried meat and hard bread are better than soup stock alone]

[It’s because, in this unit, Cain and Heinz make the best meals]

Most of the knights are noblemen . It should be quite reasonable that they can’t cook .

However, since they are nobles they should have refined palates…… they don’t seem to mind .

They probably make a firm line during camping .

After that, I ask the Dragon Breath party---

[We also always eat dried meat and hard bread]

[Iris? No way, impossible . This fellow can’t cook~mon]

[Rather, this fellow makes hazardous waste]

[………… I can live even without being able to cook!]

I got a similar answer .

Apparently, there is no decent cook .

No, but I’m sorry . I don’t want to eat the meal Cain-san and Heinz-san are going to make .

Besides, I have to pay attention to Allen’s and Elena’s meals . Their malnourished bodies finally started approaching the standard .

Dried meat and hard bread are disagreeable, but I will definitely won’t let them eat a nearly salt water soup and underdone meat!

[Cain-san! Please, finely cut 3~4 pieces of meat and put them into the pot! Heinz-san, please cut all the chunks of meat into 1/4 sizes! I will return right away, so please do it in the meantime!]

I give instructions to Cain-san and Heinz-san without caring for my standing, leave the camping point and enter the forest to gather the necessary things .

Of course, Allen and Elena follow after me .

First, securing the ingredients!

It would be alright to use ingredients from the《Infinite Storage》, but I thought it would be better not to use it in front of the other teams .

Besides, the forest is a treasure house of ingredients . I can gather enough ingredients in a matter of several minutes without having to use the ingredients from《Infinite Storage》 .

[I’m back!]

After returning with edible plants and mushrooms in both of my hands, I immediately start cooking .

[This is?]

[Ena grass and Blue seed . Both are edible plants . And this is Rook mushroom and Petal mushroom . These are edible mushrooms]

[I have seen those at the market]

[That’s right . All of them are common, after all]

I give names and explain about to plants I picked to Cain-san and other interested people .

All these plants and mushroom are commonly sold at the market . I thought they might accept the things they are familiar with easier . I choose the things to pick like that .

I have found some rare mushroom that doesn’t appear at the market that much, but I have stopped myself from serving them something they are not familiar with while telling them[It’s all right]to eat .

Ah, of course, I picked it and stored it inside the《Infinite Storage》 .

[These grow almost anywhere, so it will be useful to remember them]

After adding the chopped meat, I washed and cut the plants, vegetables, and mushrooms and added them to the pot .

While the water in the pot is getting hot on the fire, I stick mouthful-sized meat onto skewers, lightly sprinkle them with salt, and put them near the fire .

Of course, I have used Cain-san and Heinz-san .

The two are helping without complaining . From a certain standpoint, it may seem like I’m selfishly butting in . Somehow, I’m sorry……

I season the soup lastly after the veggies and mushrooms cook . Because the dried meat comes with salt, using just a little bit of salt is okay .

The mushrooms and dried meat in the soup leave a nice feeling to it .

I grill the meat carefully without exposing it to intense heat .

Yosh, it’s finished!

[!!!!]

Everyone takes a mouthful of the completed dish and their movements stop .

Was it not palatable? I thought for a moment, but the next moment, everyone started vigorously stuffing their mouths .

[Oh!]

[Delicious!]

[Ngu!]

Seems like I was worried for nothing .

They continue quietly eating after that, and all of the soup and grilled meat disappeared .

[Iya~ I’m stuffed! That was delicious~!]

[I’m glad it suited your tastes]

Because it was a simple food that didn’t take much effort to make, I didn’t think they would be so pleased with it . If they are pleased like this, it was worthwhile cooking it .

[Iya~ Takumi is talented . I can’t think that he just came of age]

[……………… Haa?]

Wald-sama suddenly says something strange .

What did he just say? Did he just say[came of age]?

It means becoming an adult in Japanese . However, on Aetherdia, one becomes an adult at 15 years of age, you know?

Is this that…… I look five years younger?

[……………… I don’t know how old you think I am, but I’m 20, you know?]

[Eh!?]

Ue!? Everyone!? Everyone here is surprised?

[Seriously!? I thought you would be 16-17 at most]

[………]

Was I only seen as someone who just came of age? So it’s true that faces of Japanese people look young…… I have realized it for the first time .

A silly talk continued after that .

I had to tsukkomi a few times as the talk flowed, but it went well .

When it became dark, the night watch has been selected .

There will be three shifts, but I was told I don’t need to be on duty today, so I gratefully decided to sleep .

[Here, Allen, Elena]

I put the blanket over Allen and Elena, and they cuddle to my sides as always .

[Do you always sleep like that?]

[Just when sleeping outside . They don’t seem to like sleeping on the cold ground]

[Fuun~]

I have tried spreading the blanket on the ground once before, but the two opposed by shaking their heads .

It seems like they recall the time before meeting me… . . their environment when they were slaves . They don’t appear to remember much, but they remember this .

In addition, the two seem to have taken a liking to sleeping like this after the first time .

[Then, I will gratefully accept your offer and sleep]

[Ou . Have a good sleep]

Suu~ Suu~ the two have already fallen asleep . After gently patting their heads, I closed my eyelids .

The next day when I woke up, everyone was staring at me with expectations to make breakfast .

Of course, I made it……

I mean, I might as well make something delicious .




Chapter 27

[Captain! That!]

The second day of the expedition advanced smoothly . We are a little ahead of schedule today as all three teams are going to gather at one camping point .

At that time, an accident has happened .

One of the knights all of sudden loudly shouts and points towards a direction .

N? A red light is visible .

[It’s a flare! We are rushing to join up!]

Wald-sama says quickly changes the direction . Others follow him .

Only I follow without knowing what’s going on .

By flare they mean the red light, right? Does it have any meaning?

[What is that?]

[It’s light from an emergency magic tool . We use it when encountering an unmanageable monster, when in need of assistance . One of the teams must be in trouble]

There seem to be various colors with different meanings, the red means that help is requested, and on the other hand, blue is used when there’s no need for help .

There also seem to be smoke flare types, but light flare types are used in places like Gaya Forest where the view is obstructed .

Risner-sama quickly explained while speedily advancing towards the flare .

The reason we do not run at full speed is that it’s highly possible that we will have to fight before getting to the destination . We wouldn’t be of any help if we got exhausted before joining up .

Everyone moves at a quick pace while suppressing the feelings of impatience .

[It would be better to hurry up?]

[Yes, that’s right]

[Then, we will go ahead . Allen and Elena---]

[[Going~]]

It’s an emergency with human lives on the line . I shouldn’t be stingy .

Because I can use Wind Magic to accelerate, I will use that and go ahead .

Therefore, I have thought to let Allen and Elena stay with Wald-sama and others---but they spoke faster than me .

It seems impossible to persuade them now, so I decided to take them along . We shouldn’t be wasting any more time .

[Wind, gather around me and form a gale . 《Accel》]

I chant with Allen and Elena in my arms . It looked like Wald-sama was saying something, but I ignored it, enveloped my body in wind’s power, and started running .

Several minutes later, we arrived at the place of destination .

[Is that it!]

People opposing monsters with their swords appeared in my sight .

I jumped up with the momentum and landed on a branch where I overlooked the situation from .

The monster is Red Wolf’s higher variety, B-Rank Bloody Wolf . Moreover, it’s a whole pack .

Bloody Wolf is a wolf with a fur red as blood . Confirming visually…… there are 7 in total?

The path of retreat has been cut off . Furthermore, there several people on their knees .

Wounded? They don’t seem to be severely wounded, but it will get dangerous if it continues .

[Allen, Elena . I will reduce the numbers first by bit, will you help me with clean up?]

[[Un!]]

[Thank you]

[[Ye~s]]

The situation is worse than I thought . It feels like they are “Barely holding their ground” and won’t be able to hold any longer .

I wanted to help alone, but it doesn’t look I will be able to rescue them all on my own, so I asked Allen and Elena for assistance .

[《Air Shot》]

First, I aim at the Bloody Wolves from the top of the branch and shoot seven air bullets .

---Doon .

[Gyaun!]

[Wha! What!?]

The air bullets hit . A cloud of dust rises together with the cries of Bloody Wolves and surprised voices .

I immediately blow off the cloud of dust with wind to clear the visibility .

Apparently, the《Air Shot》hit only four targets . Moreover, the air bullets only damaged them, I wasn’t able to kill them off .

I held back on my magical power so I wouldn’t involve the people nearby, but it seems that the magical power wasn’t enough to kill the wolves .

I retrieve a[Water Katana]from the《Infinite Storage》 . This is something I received from Water God’s retainers .

I pull the blade from its blue scabbard while jumping off the branch and kill one of the injured Bloody Wolves . The Blood Wolf cries it’s last[Gyaun!]and falls down .

I immediately pull the sword from the dead Bloody Wolf and instantly behead another one . With this, two Bloody Wolves have died .

---Dokon!

Following me, Allen and Elena jump down and land on two Bloody Wolves, killing them right away .

The squashed Bloody Wolves sunk into the ground, but that’s a trifling matter, right?

Now then, this leaves three more Bloody Wolves .

Allen and Elena face a nearby Bloody Wolf together .

[Be careful, okay?]

[[Ye~s!]]

An energetic reply .

I think it will be all right, but no matter what I’m worried about the two children .

[Y, you guys certainly are… the people Wald brought along……]

[Yes . We have come to back you up]

One of the knights approaches and asks me while supporting his body with a sword . This is the team’s captain if I’m not mistaken .

I look at the people that were attacked .

Everyone has some kind of a wound, but including the people that are on their knees without being able to move, there doesn’t seem to be anyone with life threating injury .

[First of all, we will tidy this up . Please, gather the people that can’t move in one place in the meantime]

[O, oi!]

After saying that, I turn around and confront the two growling Bloody Wolves .

I think I have heard a disapproving voice, but I disregard it, and set up with the Water Katana in my right hand, and magic ready to be shot in my left hand .

[《Air Shot》]

First, I face one of the wolves and shoot an《Air Shot》at it to keep it in check and assault the other .

I evade the Bloody Wolf that attacks me from the back . The Bloody Wolf I kept in check with《Air Shot》imemdiately cut the distance between us .

I twist my body to evade the other charging Bloody Wolf and swing my katana at it, but it was able to dodge .

Strong! As expected of B-Rank monster .

Bringing the four down with a surprise attack might have been a big win .

While glaring at the two Bloody Wolves, I take a glance at Allen and Elena . They are skillfully poking the wolf down .

It somehow looks like they are playing . No, judging from their happy expressions, they really are playing .

But well~ They seem to be okay at the moment .

When I return my sight at the two Bloody Wolves, they rush at me as if they were waiting for this timing .

Now then, what should I do?

I could easily defeat them with some extra magical power, but I would damage both the wolves and surroundings too much . That is no good, right?

The fur of Bloody Wolf is selling for a high price . They appear to be used to make coats for noble ladies .

If I’m thinking like that, could it be that I got used to an adventurer lifestyle?

N~ I don’t want to damage the fur, after all~ It’s a pity, but I don’t want to waste much time .

[《Air Shot》]

First, I shot several air bullets at the same time .

---Don!

They hit the ground here and there, causing a cloud of dust whirl up . This time, I charge right inside the bad visibility cloud .

[Ha!]

I swing down the katana at the sign of presence .

[Gyaun!]

A sense of feedback .

I make sure once the cloud of dust clears up . I see a wolf head at my feet .

Un . I was able to defeat it . Moreover, not the body, but it’s neck . I did better than I expected .

The other Bloody Wolf groans at the loss of its companion .

A one on one charge?

I was about to strike that fellow down with my sword .

But, at that time---

[Gyaun!]

Something came crashing into the side of the Bloody Wolf .

[……… Are?]

The thing that crashed into the Bloody Wolf is! Another Bloody Wolf .

When I look at the direction the Bloody Wolf flew from, Allen and Elena were there .

Their flying kicks sent it to the crash course .

The flying Bloody Wolf is already dead, but the one it crashed into is still alive, so I finished it first by slashing its neck .

[Oi! You alright!?]

Wald-sama and others arrived right at this moment .




Chapter 28

[[Onii~ chan!]]

The two children jump at me more enthusiastic than usual .

I was a little surprised, but I was able to catch them and gather them up in my arms .

[You two seem so happy]

[[It was fun♪]]

……… Un . You two were playing, after all .

[Are you unhurt?]

[[Un!]]

I make sure if the two are not injured, but it seems to be okay .

I understood that they could defeat a B-Rank monster without getting injured .

Though I intended to do my best to avoid the situations Allen and Elena have to fight, but it’s also important to support them to my best ability .

[The hell is this~!!]

After arriving and seeing the situation, Wald-sama who froze in a spot with his eyes open finally snapped back to reality and shouted .

The other members are having a similar reaction .

Injured colleagues, 7 Bloody Wolf corpses and two children in high spirits…… Ah~ Un . It certainly may be a delicate scene .

[…… Isaac, see the injured first and treat their wounds]

[Understood]

Hearing Wald-sama’s orders, Risner-sama takes a few subordinates and checks on the injured .

[Iris, check on injured]

[Yes!]

Iris-san also goes to check on the injured . She can use Light Magic, so she’s able to cure severely wounded people with Healing Magic .

I can use Healing Magic too, but… umm…… they don’t need my help… right?

Indeed, I don’t want to show more than this .

Un, I will leave it to everyone .

[Now then, Takumi . Did you defeat all these Bloody Wolves yourself?]

Uo!! Wald-sama inquiries with a menacing voice .

He’s unreasonably scary . Moreover, his stare is piercing?

[…… No . You are wrong?]

Allen and Elena helped me . I didn’t do it alone .

[Correction . Did you and the two shorties defeat all these Bloody Wolves?]

[……… That’s correct]

The brightness in Wald-sama’s eyes became even sharper .

Seems like I won’t be able to deceive him .

[…… I see…… that helped . There’s no time to dismantle, but collect everything, for now]

[Roger]

I stood steady ready for next Wald-sama’s incomprehensible action, but he lightly claps ponpon on my shoulders, then he went to check with Isaac-san on the situation .

…… It didn’t look like he was angry .

First of all, let’s do as told and collect the corpses of the Bloody Wolves .

When I finished collecting them, the emergency treatment ended as well .

Unfortunately, the low-grade drugs and Iris-san’s Healing Magic is not enough to help all members recover completely . I see bandaged people here and there .

Only about half is completely recovered .

After a little bit, the last team joined up with us .

But, it wasn’t possible to immediately move to the camping point so we have changed the location of the camp .

[Furious, I want to confirm the situation with you, is that all right?]

[Ou . No problem]

The leader of the team that was attacked by the Bloody Wolves, Captain of the Third Unit of Shirin Knights, Furious Tierra-sama .

Tierra-sama is the eldest son of a Count House and Wald-sama’s friend .

Also, he’s the person supporting his body with a sword who called out to me before .

Although he was cured with Iris-san’s Healing Magic, his face is still a little bit pale from the loss of blood .

[Even though I say that, the one who defeated the pack of the Bloody Wolves which assaulted us was…… Takumi? They saved us . Nevertheless, Wald . You have brought an outrageous fellow along . He defeated the enemies all of us couldn’t match without getting hurt]

[Although I was the one who brought Takumi and the children along, I didn’t know that much about his real ability . Speaking frankly, it was unexpected]

It’s tough being the subject of the topic, though……

I can’t even leave because Wald-sama forcefully made me sit next to him……

[It’s hard to believe, isn’t it?]

[Brad, it’s certain that Takumi-san possesses tremendous ability]

[Isaac? I see… Even without conclusive evidence, if you are the one saying so, it must be true…]

The leader of the last team to join up, Vice Captain of the Third Unit of Shirin Knights, Brad Ganforg-sama listens with a bewildered expression .

[Hahaha~ Takumi doesn’t look strong at all, after all~]

[Uwa!]

Wald-sama claps on my back while laughing .

Slightly painful…… moreover, above all, my whole body is shaking .

[Captain again…… the children will kick you flying, you know?]

The kids growl while glaring at Wald-sama again .

When Risner-sama brings it up, they are already ready to jump at any moment .

[[Uu~]]

[I, I’m not bullying him or anything!?]

Wald-sama defends himself in panic, but the two didn’t stop growling at him .

[Allen-kun, Elena-san . Next time Captain does something rude, it’s all right to kick him flying okay? However, make sure he doesn’t die in the process please]

[[Un!]]

[Oi!? Isaac, why are you giving them permission on your own!?]

[It’s all right . I told them to not kill you . Start learning please if you find it disagreeable]

[………]

Hahaha~ If you tell that to the children, they will really kick Wald-sama flying, you know? Allen and Elena responded with sparkling eyes…

Rather, aren’t those two relatively good with Risner-sama? Moreover, it’s because he always stops Wald-sama when he jabs me… is that really because of that simple reason?

Also, isn’t the way Risner-sama is handling Wald-sama gradually getting rougher?

[Iya~ Looking at the children, I got worried that our Captain is too much of a good for nothing . I intend to take this opportunity to make him learn properly]

[Haa…… is that so?]

As if hearing the voice in my mind, Risner-sama answers while smiling .

Your face is smiling, but your eyes are not!? Just how much trouble does Wald-sama bring to Risner-sama every day!?

[[Can’t~?]]

They probably saw my troubled expression . Allen and Elena ask to confirm . However, if these two plead me like that…… I can’t refuse .

[Ah~… You got Risner-sama’s permission so… is that really alright?]

[Yes, I don’t mind]

[Oi!?]

[Want to have a kick at once?]

[[Can I?]]

[Why!?]

Tierra-sama, Ganforg-sama and everyone around who heard our conversation starts laughing .

Wald-sama starts looking around timidly .

[However, don’t you think the forest is a bit strange?]

After the laughing calmed down, Teirra-sama suddenly says with a serious expression .

[Yes . Our unit encountered almost no monsters since yesterday . Speaking frankly, it’s strange]

Ganforg-sama reports while frowning .

[I was thinking it’s strange since a while ago . Rudolph-san is of the same opinion]

[Ah . The number of monsters we have encountered is too few . Despite that, the monsters attack in groups]

Every subjugation unit feels that something strange is going on in the forest .

Based on that, we should be talking about the future plan .

[[Ah]]

[N? Is something the… matter……!!]

In the middle of the conversation, Allen and Elena suddenly leak out small voices .

Feeling somehow uncomfortable, I look towards the direction the two are looking at .

There, I see a big serpent coiled around a thick tree aiming at us .

[Wha…! Above!!]

I raise my voice to notify the others who didn’t notice yet .

What a thing! My attention was elsewhere so I wasn’t aware something like that got so close to us .

[Wha!!!]

[!!!!!]

Shurushuru the sound of hissing resounds .

Everyone is lost for words because of its size .

[… Evil Viper!!]

An enormous snake tens of meters in length . An A-Rank monster, Evil Viper has appeared .




Chapter 29

[Sha------!!]

Evil Viper jumps down from the tree with its mouth open wide .

[[[Uwa-----!!]]]

It swoops down on the Knights who were resting near the tree .

[[Yaa!]]

Allen and Elena had approached the Evil Viper before I noticed, they get past the Knights, ready to kick the Evil Viper’s jaw .

[! Allen, Elena get away!《Wind Cutter》]

I quickly get the two in panic and release a Wind Cutter .

Allen, Elena… when did you move there? No, un…… you have excellent moves, but… don’t surprise me like that……

The Evil Viper got pushed 1-2 meters away, but there was no visible damage .

[Earth, penetrate《Earth Needle》]

Several sharp pillars project from the ground in pursuit of the Evil Viper .

[You guys, quickly withdraw!]

Farius Tierra-sama shouts loudly and evacuates the Knights who are near the Evil Viper .

The one who used who used the Earth Magic a little while ago was apparently Tierra-sama .

The Tierra House is famous for producing people specialized in Earth Magic . He himself is probably a knight with Earth Magic as a specialty .

[Takumi, right? You were great help]

[No, Tierra-sama had a great follow-up]

[I don’t like being called with my house name . Farius is all right . Rather than those, these pipsqueaks are amazing . They reacted faster than anyone]

[These two acted intuitively…]

Farius-sama stands beside and adresses me .

If not for this situation, I would like to have a nice long talk, but we can’t afford that at the moment .

[Evil Viper, huh . A nasty fellow has appeared . Oi, wounded people fall back! Don’t get in the way or all of us will die]

Rudolph-san clicks his tongue, prepares his halberd and tells the injured to stay away .

I also give instructions to Allen and Elena to stay away from the Evil Viper .

[Iris, Gilm! You two provide support . Zack! Don’t act carelessly!!]

[I know!!]

Iris-san and Gilm-san take some distance, and set up their bows and throwing knives .

Zack-san draws his sword and lines up beside Rudolph-san .

[Gill, provide support]

From another party,[Flaming Soldiers Troupe], swordsmen Gantz-san and Mick-san, and a mage Gillbard-san take battle positions .

The Knights who can move also draw their swords .

As expected, the half of the Knights that were attacked by the Bloody Wolves and[Black Twin Sword]party fell back .

[Seiya!!]

When the battle preparations finished, Rudolph-san begins by slashing his halberd .

[Tsk! Ineffective as I expected . Didn’t leave a single scratch]

It has received almost no damage so far .

Evil Viper’s body--its shiny black surface doesn’t get damaged by both physical attacks and magic . It’s a first-grade material for protective gear . Soft and light attacks won’t injure it .

---Doshin .

Evil Viper’s tail strikes the ground .

Uo! What a terrible sound . If that hits, won’t one receives a good amount of damage?

[Ha!]

[Yaa!]

[Fire, congregate《Fire Ball》]

[Light, pierce《Light Arrow》]

Offensive ranged attacks . Magic attacks . One after another hits the target, but to no effect .

Where is its weak point?

I observe the Evil Viper while shooting magic .

[[[Guwa!!]]]

Some of the knights get blown away by the viper’s tail .

The Evil Viper hisses as if sneering at us .

And the next moment, it rushes towards Zack-san .

Fast!

[Gu!!]

Zack-san tried to avoid, but the Evil Viper curved it’s body and instantly changed directions . It rammed into him, and he got blown off .

Furthermore, it continues to charge into other knights .

[[Unyuu~]]

Eeeeh~!?

Allen and Elena caught the Evil Viper’s tail and stopped its charge .

Again!? Mou~ why don’t you obediently wait for me~!!

The Evil Viper’s charge was stopped thanks to those two? The damage has been thereby suppressed, but… However, see, because you stopped the Evil Viper’s charge, it turned towards you two~!

[Allen, Elena! It’s dangerous so release the tail and get away from it!!]

I immediately retrieve a knife from《Infinite Storage》 .

Then, I throw it at the Evil Viper who is glaring at Allen and Elena .

If the skin is hard, how about its eyes?

[Sha-------!!]

The skillfully thrown knife stabs into the Evil Viper’s left eye .

The Evil Viper shouts in pain and starts violently thrashing around .

Dotan, batan, the sound of the ground getting hit resounds .

[Nice, Takumi! Haaaa!]

Wald-sama envelops his sword with a flame and slashes at the Evil Viper .

Is that a magic sword?

Ju… the sound and smell of burning spreads . The attack seemed to work a bit, but Wald-sama’s sword was repelled .

Then, the one-eyed Evil Viper furiously stares over here--at me .

I suddenly had an unpleasant feeling . And I at once averted my gaze from Allen and Elena .

[[Ukya!]]

It aimed for that moment .

The Evil Viper hit Allen and Elena with all its might .

[Allen! Elena!!]

The two are blown two meters away .

Shit! What a terrible mistake!

[Iris!]

[Understood!]

At Rudolph-san instructions, Iris-san rushes to the two .

[……]

I also wanted to run over immediately .

However, the one-eyed Evil Viper aimed for me as it fixedly watched me .

If I run over to Allen and Elena now, the Evil Viper will definitely charge at me .

Therefore, I can’t leave from this place .

[it’s okay . They will be able to get up immediately]

[Yes, I know]

Rudolph-san calls out to me who is worried about the children .

Certainly, Allen and Elena got up immediately .

Therefore, I calm myself down, but a certain emotion gushes out .

[… Rudolph-san, can you gain me a bit of time?]

[What do you plan to do?]

[I will use an advanced Wind Magic]

[…………… You can use it?]

[I have never used it before . However, I feel like I will definitely be able to use it now]

Un, there’s no problem proficiency wise . I should be able to use it .

Even if I normally wouldn’t, I feel like I would be able to do anything at this moment .

[………… I understand . Leave it to us]

[Thank you . Separate from the Evil Viper on my sign please . If possible, please evacuate behind me]

[Roger]

After requesting Rudolph-san, I start gathering a significant amount of magical power .

I extend my right hand and concentrate all the magical power I gather into it .

How much…… is this much okay?

I give the signal to Rudolph-san, and everyone evacuates behind me . And then, I activate the magic .

The Evil Viper who wasn’t being restricted anymore started creeping towards me .

[Sha------!]

The Evil Viper creeping on the ground raises its head and cries out .

[Wind . Reap my enemy《Wind Edge》]

Just like reaping grass with a sickle…… a wind scythe aims towards the Evil Viper’s neck .

---Zashu!!!

The condensed wind explodes .

That instant, the Evil Viper’s head supan snapped and rolled on the ground . Without the head, the rest of the body crumbled to the ground .

The moment I thought it’s finally over--

----Mishimishi… doshin, mishimishi… doshin!

[Ge!]

Three trees thick as four adult men joining hands, fall to the ground .

The wind flew far better than I expected .

[……………………]

[Ahahahahahaha~~]

Shit! I used too much magical power……

And I even thought I stopped increasing magical power at the right moment……

It looks like if I used a bit more magical power, there would be a recreation spot created inside the forest .

Advanced magic, scary!

The spectacle of an A-Rank monster was splendidly blown away .




Chapter 30

[How powerful magic can you use……]

[Hahaha~]

Rudolph-san who promptly came to his senses says tiredly .

[Takumi, Evil Viper’s blood is a precious material . Quickly store it in your《Infinite Storage》before everything spills out]

I follow Rudolph-san instructions and quickly tidy up the Evil Viper .

There, Allen and Elena run up to me .

[[Onii~ chan! Ama~zing!]]

[Ahahaha~ Thanks . Allen, Elena, how are your injuries?]

[[Fi~ne]]

Allen and Elena who saw my magic became slightly excited . After holding them up in my arms, I confirm their safety first .

There, Iris-san approached .

[Iris-san, thank you very much]

[…… Yeah . Don’t worry about it . I didn’t do that much . Ah… the two didn’t have any large injuries, it was only a scratch . I healed them just in case, but there may be a bump so look over their state for a while]

I thank Iris-san while embracing Allen and Elena . She herself is a mage, so her cheeks stiffened a bit under the overwhelming power of the wind .

However, I perceived that she tried her best to act normally . Both Rudolph-san and she talked to me normally without making a distance…… they are really good people .

Still, Allen’s and Elena’s injuries seemed to be only a few scratches . Their bodies are more sturdy than that of an ordinary person as expected .

I got goosebumps because an ordinary person would receive serious injuries or even possibly die from that .

I will be careful so something like that never happens again! Yeah, I have made up my mind .

[Takumi, collect all the trees you knocked down too]

[Eh? All of it!?]

[Naturally! Are you trying to make those splendid tree rot in vain!? You shouldn’t have a problem with that much magical power!]

The capacity of《Inifnite Storage》depends on the user’s magical power . An ordinary user would be able to store about several tons of items . In my case, I should be all right with tens of thousands .

As the name suggests, limitless . I can store without limits . Rudolph-san probably said that because he understood .

I have collected every fallen tree .

And then, after the injured were treated we returned to the original place .

Now then, there’s one more thing to tidy up .

[Takumi, you saved us . Still, what an unbelievable magic…… wha!? O, oi!?]

Ignoring Wald-sama, I approach a certain knight and swung my leg at him . Because I used the power of the wind, he instantly fell down .

[Uwa! …… gu]

I trample down on that man’s throat, take out my katana and graze it against his cheek .

[Takumi!?]

[W, what!?]

Surprised voices resound from around .

[Don’t move]

I calmly say to the man under my feet .

It wasn’t that of a loud voice, but it was enough to make him stop trying to run away .

[Takumi, what are you doing!?]

Wald-sama calls out again .

[What am I doing…… is it? Please ask this fellow instead]

[Ha? Sajesh? Sajesh, you, did you do something?]

[I didn’t do anything!]

[………… Takumi?]

[How dare you~ Even though you eyes were so full of thirst for blood just a while ago, to say that you didn’t do anytihng……]

[Come again!? Are you sure?]

Everyone listening gets surprised .

[It’s the truth . He was glaring at Takumi since he joined us . I have turned blind eye because I judged he wouldn’t hurt Takumi, but . As expected, doing something like that from behind while I was putting my life on the line, I also couldn’t leave it alone]

[Wha!?]

Looks like Rudolph-san noticed it too . As one would expect from him .

The people who haven’t noticed became even more surprised .

[Even I who is unrelated is bothered by it . Takumi had no choice, but to be conscious all the time that he is being target . And yet, the actual damage actually fell on the pipsqueaks]

Yes . Allen and Elena got injured because of this fellow .

[…… No way . The reason the two suddenly turned around and were attacked by the Evil Viper……]

[They felt this guy’s thirst for blood and promptly turned around]

Rudolph-san explains everything in my stead .

That’s right . At that time, this man’s thirst for my blood swelled up for an instant . Because of that, Allen and Elena reacted to the thirst for my blood and turned around .

These children are very sensitive of negative feelings against me . Because of that, they unconsciously responded to it and turned around .

[Sajesh… you……]

[It’s a lie!! Stop talking crap!]

Sajesh is resisting even after all of that .

[People might have believed you if only I said it . However, a genuine A-Rank Rudolph-san explained it himself . And that is a crap? Stop joking around!!]

With only my testimony, there would be probably only a few people who would believe me . In fact, there wasn’t anyone else who noticed his thirst for blood… That doesn’t mean the Knights are incompetent . It’s just that they weren’t conscious of their colleague .

I think Rudolph-san explained personally because he understood .

[Ugu]

“Confess it” with those words, Sajesh crumbled completely .

[You! You are in the wrong!! A commoner like you who came from who knows where favored by Captain Ruven!!]

N? Captain Ruven?

Sajesh’s reason was a bit unexpected .

[…… Wald-sama?]

[………]

When I look at Wald-sama, he instantly looks away . He keeps on looking away .

Because it seemed like I will never get my answer, I look towards Risner-sama for the explanation . Then, Risner-sama starts inevitably explaining .

[He’s Sajesh Krantz . He’s a member of the third unit, but that… he has openly declared his love for Captain………]

[L, love!? Not respect or admiration!?]

[Yes, it’s a love…]

Eeh!? He loves him…… seriously……

A masculine knight and a slender, handsome knight…… no need to guess, aren’t they favorite food of rotten women?

Haa~ I, it’s my first time seeing it in person… As expected, they are even in the Knights . No, is that precisely because the Knights is a male society?

Therefore, I wind and quietly take distance from Sajesh .

Eh, does that perhaps mean that Sajesh recognized me as his love rival!?

Why does he have such misunderstanding!?

It’s a mystery how he came to that conclusion . Because I received a slight shock, I call Allen and Elena for healing .

[Then, the reason this person has picked quarrel with me is because he thinks I have snaged Captain Wald from him?]

[Wrong!!]

Wald-sama cries out loudly .

[I definitely have no interest in keeping men company!!!]

Hohou~ To deny it so strongly… right?

[Wald-sama seems like a person who trains all the time so it’s unlikely he has a history with women . Then…… in fact……]

[Takumi!? What are you saying!!]

[No, no, isn’t it all right? Each person has his own interests, please don’t mind us]

[Yo… you, stop joking! I said that you are wrong!!]

Indeed, it makes you want to tease him, right?

[Takumi-san . Please stop teasing Captain anymore]

[Ah, yes]

Since I was stopped by Risner-sama, I will end my teasing of Wald-sama here .

[Teasing… Takumi, youu!!]

Wald-sama finally notices that I was teasing him .

[I’m really sorry that we have involved Takumi-san in the circumstances of us Knights . Our supervision was too poor . However, how about entrusting the punishment to the Knights?]

[I don’t mind]

Risner-sama apologized and asked to entrust Sajesh’s punishment to the Knights .

Of course, I agreed .

Risner-sama got taken a back by my simple acknowledgement .

[…… Is that okay? It reached the extent the children got injured, you know?]

[That is so . However, in the end, Allen and Elena got off only with some scratches, and I also am responsible for leaving this person’s thirst for blood just like that . However, if there’s a next time, I won’t be so linient]

Certainly, getting Allen and Elena injured is not tolerable, however, while that may be true, solving him with violence or killing him off…… I won’t do something like that . I’m not such person .

Because I have no problem with it, I leave the Knights deal with Sajesh .

[I will also apologize . I’m sorry for my subordinate]

[Thank you very much for your open-mindeness]

Farius-sama and Ganforg-sama lower their heads .

It has been decided that the other Knights will monitor Sajesh, while his punishment will be decided later .

Although I say punishment, it was just a thirst for blood, so I don’t think it will be a heavy punishment . A wage cut? Demotion or discharge from Knights probably won’t happen .

All is fine if he doesn’t pick up a quarrel with me anymore .

[Is it over? Takumi, I’m hungry . Food, please]

[…… Eh?]

After tidying up, Rudolph-san suddenly says .

I couldn’t understand for a moment .

No, no, that’s the line you would normally say to Cain-san or Heinz-san, right? Why are you saying that to me!?

[The most important person of the battle, me is starving . I don’t want to eat dried meat or a hard bread, I want to eat something delicious]

[Allen is hungry too~]

[Elena too~]

Ah, un . I have to make a meal for Allen and Elena . It’s almost time for sun to set, they have been moving all afternoon, huh . Of course, they’d be hungry .

Well~ I’m grateful to Rudolph-san and the others, so there’s no problem making something, but……

Chirari, I glance and the Knights . The Knights who weren’t with us don’t know what’s going on, but the eyebrows of the Knights in our team turned into “ハ” .

They want me to prepare their meals too, but they are afraid to ask because of the matter with Sajesh . They are making such expressions .

Speaking frankly, I don’t have any good feelings towards Sajesh . However, it’s not like I’m angry at the other Knights……

Now then, what should I do?

[Make, many~]

[Will help~]

Seeing me troubled, Allen and Elena grab my hands and drag me to Cain-san and Heinz-san while talking .

[…… Eh? That……]

Cain-san and Heinz-san troubled with an answer, look at children, me, Wald-sama and Risner-sama…… then, their eyes wander .

[[Can’t~?]]

[…… It’s not like that]

Allen and Elena support me .

Mou~! These children are seriously good children!!

I could not bear it anymore and patted their heads .

[Because Allen and Elena are hungry, won’t you help me out?]

[Y, yes! What shall we start with!]

Since it’s been decided, let’s start right away!

The gathered mushrooms, wild grass, the dismantled Orc meat at hand, with the help of the two Knights we have prepared a lot of food which everyone ate .

Quite a delicious meal if I say so myself . I’m satisfied!

The next day, it was judged that there were too many injured people and continuing the investigation would be dangerous . It has been decided to return to the town after three days of the expedition .




Chapter 31

A day after returning from the expedition, we were leisurely spending time in the inn’s room .

Therefore, I decided to confirm my status which I did not see for a while .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Takumi Kayano

【Race】Human?［Wind God’s retainer (Temporary)］

【Occupation】Mage

【Age】20

【Level】25

【Skills】

Light Magic 66 | Dark Magic 62

Wind Magic 169 | Water Magic 50

Space Magic 109 | Life Magic 124

Swordsmanship 54 | Throwing 49

Appraisal 209 | Dismantling 119

Familiars 22 | Training 12

Cooking 113 | Sewing 23

Washing 12 | Cleaning 31

Crafting 39 | Gathering 42

Arithmetics 108 | Reading 125

Concealment 37 | Detection 35

Oracle 12

Abnormal Status Resistance 300 | Mental Status Resistance 300

Physical Attack Resistance 300 | Magic Attack Resistance 300

【Titles】

Transmigrated From a Different World

Blessed by the God of Creation, Malianor

Friend of Wind God Sylphreel

Savior

Conqueror of Low-Grade Dungeon

Monster Contractor

【Contracted Beasts】

Fenrir (Joule)

Thunderhawk (Bolt)

Celestial Tiger (Feat)

＝＝＝＝＝

My level increased considerably, and my skill proficiencies rose too .

A new entry,【Contracted Beasts】appeared .

And, strangely, I have obtained【Water Magic】 .

Because its proficiency is not in the single digits, I think it means that I didn’t learn it naturally, but it’s something that I was given . It’s not something the Wind God Syl could give me directly, but I think he somehow has his hands in it .

Speaking of Water Magic, it’s something Allen and Elena have, but never learned how to use it .

But, unlike the advanced knowledge about Wind Magic that was implemented into me, I have little to no knowledge about Water Magic…

In the first place, because all the knowledge about the use of magic was implemented, I have no idea how to teach them .

Would they sell magic books in the bookstores? Let’s look for a bookstore later .

[[O~ne, two~, three~, fo~ur, five~ ……… ten!]]

I put the teaching of magic aside for now and taught Allen and Elena numbers .

[Yes, well done . This is a copper coin . What goes after 10 copper coins?]

[[This!]]

[Correct~]

[[Ehehe~]]

In the beginning, I thought it would be nice if I could teach them to count up to 100, but the two learned it just like that .

Therefore, I greedily taught them to count up to 10,000♪

And then, I lined up coins by ten side by side, 10 Copper coins, 10 Large Copper coins…… first of all, I taught them about five kind of coins .

[Then, next is 54G]

[[N, this……… here!]]

[Correct~]

[[Yatta~]]

When I ask for a specific amount, Allen and Elena correctly count and present me with 5 Large Copper coins and 4 Copper coins .

They were nervously presenting the coins at first, but they got the gist of it after doing it for several times, and now they have confident expressions .

When I pat their heads while saying[You did well], the two look very happy .

Seriously adorable!!

[Then, if I shopped for 26G with this?]

[[N, umm…… this!]]

I only taught them about five kinds of coins, but they accurately grasped their value .

Therefore, this time, I handed them a Silver coin and asked them to return me the correct amount . The two correctly returned me 7 Large Copper coins and 4 Copper coins .

Not only addition, but they are also able to subtract . Aren’t they amazing?

If they were able to come this far, putting it into practice follows, right?

◇ ◇ ◇

[Allen, Elena . Is there something you want to buy?]

We went to the shopping street at once .

The store we went to first deals in dried food . They are selling the dried fruits Allen and Elena often eat for snacks .

The shop assistant is a middle-aged woman, and because this woman always looks at Allen and Elena with gentle gaze when we are here, I have decided on this shop to be Allen’s and Elena’s first shopping place .

[Welcome . Have you found what you want?]

Sure enough, the woman matched the children’s eyes and picked up the jar with products, so it’s easier to see .

[Can you show what you want and say[Please], Allen?]

[Un! This! Please!]

Allen says while pointing at an apricot-like dried fruit in the jar .

[Yes . Shuri fruit, is it? How many would you like?]

[Umm……… five!]

After Allen was asked about the number of pieces he wanted, he glanced at me first, so I showed him “5” with my palm . Then, Allen correctly answered the woman with the right number .

[5 pieces, is it? That will cost you 75G]

[Urmm…… here!]

[Ara? …… Maa! It’s precise! How admirable~]

The woman got surprised the moment Allen took out the money . She then looked at me, and I nodded at her with the meaning of request . My meaning seemed to have conveyed properly, as she faced Allen right away .

Allen took out coins from his pouch and handed them to the woman . The woman received the money, got surprised that the amount was right and praised Allen .

[Next is Elena, okay?]

[Un! Elena, this! Please!]

[Yes . Riigo fruit . How many would you like?]

[Five!]

Elena who could observe the exchange between the woman and Allen had a smoother time .

[Yes . Then, that makes 60G]

[Ummm…… here!]

[Yes . That’s just right . How admirable~]

The woman also praised Elena well .

It really helps she praised them equally .

[[We did it~?]]

[Un . You did really well~ Admirable, admirable]

Because the two clung to me after storing the dried fruit in their pouches, I patted their heads a lot .

[Thank you very much for going along]

When I thank the woman who helped Allen and Elena with their first shopping, the woman said[Don’t worry about it] .

Together with the thanks, I bought some dried fruit, nuts, spices and fine powders in a reasonable amount .

We went to the bookstore next .

Although the objective is to purchase books related to magic, I also need to buy some novels .

I haven’t read anything since arriving at Aetherdia . I read dozens of novels a month back on Earth, so I’m already missing it .

The paper is also produced on Aetherdia, so it’s quite inexpensive . Because of that, the books are sold at reasonable price .

A paper is a high-class item, and books are luxuries! I’m glad it wasn’t that kind of pattern .

Good amount of books is displayed on the bookshelves .

Books about magic, medicinal plants, monster books with pictures and their special traits, poetry and scriptures . Of course, there are also many in the novels genre . Maa~ most of the contents of the stories are about adventures and love, though .

After looking around the shop for a while, I found[Magic Basics][List of Incantations], these two books .

Not necessary for me, but I thought it would be easier to explain to Allen and Elena, so I brought encyclopedias like[Complete Works of Plants][Complete Works of Monsters]and returned to the inn .




Chapter 32

Takumi-san!]

We visit the Adventurer’s Guild today . It’s to complete the procedures required for us to receive the Gaya Forest expedition request reward .

Risner-sama said to come to the guild to receive the reward the other day .

When we enter the building, Luna-san jumps out from behind the counter .

[Luna-san? What’s the matter?]

[I was waiting for you!! Now then, let’s go to the Guild Master! Hey, quickly! Allen-kun, Elena-chan too, come quickly]

[[!! Onii~ chan~]]

Guild Master?

While not understanding, Luna-san drags me deeper into the guild, and takes me to the Guild Master’s office . Allen and Elena trot after me while confused .

[Master, Takumi-san has arrived so I brought him]

[Ah, come in]

When Luna-san knocked at the door and stated her business, she immediately received a response from the other side .

When I opened the door, I saw a man with gray hair sitting on the front office desk . The man stands from his chair and shows us inside .

[I work as the Master of Shirin’s Adventurer’s Guild . Johann is my name]

[I’m Takumi Kayano . These children are Allen and Elena . It’s nice to meet you]

This man is the Guild Master . He seems to know about me, but I introduced myself just in case .

The Guild Master urges us to sit on a sofa in the middle of the room . I sit on the sofa as told, Allen and Elena sit on both of my sides .

[…… . This man? He doesn’t seem like it…… However, if Ruven-dono and Rudolph-dono are saying so, it can’t be wrong……]

Wald-sama and Rudolph-san?

While I let Allen and Elena sit down on the sofa, the Guild Master mutters something to himself . I wasn’t able to hear properly, but the two’s names came up, right?

[…… Umm?]

[Oh no, I was told leaving your rank as is would be foolish . However, you don’t look that strong to me……]

It appears that the business was about a rank up .

Which reminds me, Wald-sama and Rudolph-san were talking about something like that in the Gaya Forest . The talk went quite quickly……

And then, the Guild Master looks directly at me and states bluntly .

[Don’t think badly of me . I have initially raised to the post of Guild Master by doing secretary work, I don’t know much about fighting . But, seeing adventurers for so long I have developed an eye for strong individuals, but…… unlike the other adventurers I have seen before…… I don’t understand well…]

To adventurers, being told[You don’t look that strong]is something that would make them angry .

Actually, since my neurons were destroyed once before……

Therefore, the Guild Master’s standard for judging adventurers can’t be applied to me .

Also, the aura of the strong? Is it because I don’t have something like that?

At any rate, I didn’t go through the “getting stronger little by little” process, so it’s impossible to have that .

[…… Well, you real ability was without a doubt endorsed by those two . I intend to make you an A-Rank]

[Eeh? A-Rank!?]

I thought it would be C-Rank, but A-Rank?

To be honest, I got so surprised a strange voice left my mouth .

[What about examination and such?]

[There’s no problem since Ruven-dono and Rudolph-dono confirmed your ability . You have defeated Bloody Wolves and Evil Viper, right?]

You have completely given up your judgment of me not looking that strong, didn’t you…… is it okay to rank up that easily?

Whether it is a nobility and captain of the Knight Wald-sama or Rudolph-san who is a high-rank adventurer who guaranteed my ability, it is, after all, information from someone else . But, if the Guild Master accepted it so quickly, he must trust those two quite a lot .

[So, an A-Rank?]

[The Guild Master’s authority can grant rank only up to A-Rank . An approval of several Guild Masters is needed for S-Rank, so that’s indeed impossible for me]

It’s the opposite, opposite! I was uneasy because my rank raised too much!

Nobody can complain about not becoming an S-Rank!

[According from what I heard, those children are also strong . What do you want to do?]

[…… What to do?]

[I can also give rank to these children, but if children like that receive a high rank it will most likely have the opposite effect . But, if they at E-Rank you won’t be able to accept high-rank requests because your party will stay at low level]

Ah, indeed .

Because the members’ average rank determines the party rank, the party rank at this rate would be “D” I think?

It’s not problem for me, but if the Guild needed me to take a request I would be able to……

He asked for our convenience rather than going straight for the profit first .

Chirari, when I glance at Allen and Elena, they obediently sit while smiling at me . They are not alerted at all .

It’s no doubt that this Guild Master is a good person .

In that case, let’s compromise .

[I’m okay without raising the rank of the two, but…… if it’s a problem for the guild how about increasing their rank to D?]

[Fumu~ If that’s the case…… the party rank would be C? That is reasonable……]

If Allen and Elena become D-Rank, the party rank will become C . It’s possible to receive requests that are one rank higher, in other words, B-Rank requests . A-Rank requests are very rare, so we will be able to receive almost every requests .

[Umu . Well then, let’s finish the procedure]

◇ ◇ ◇

We left the office of the Guild Master, went to the counter to update the Guild Card, and received the reward which was our original purpose of coming here .

When everything was over, Luna-san looked at me with sparkling eyes as if she was expecting something .

[Now then, Takumi-san!]

[Umm…… what is it?]

Did Luna-san and I make some kind of a promise?

[Materials, the materials~! Please sell me the materials from Gaya Forest~ I have received info from Rudolph-san that Takumi-san has a lot in his possession!]

[Ah, so it’s about that]

[That’s right! I have waited for Takumi-san’s arrival!]

It seems that she marked the Gaya Forest materials . Indeed, Luna-san said something like[Please get a lot] .

I have several Red Wolves and Bloody Wolves so it may not be a bad idea to sell them .

And then some medicinal plants? Allen and Elena worked hard and got a lot, so it may be alright to sell some?

[Should I take them out here?]

[Ah! That’s right, sorry . But, it’s okay! I have secured the biggest warehouse that will even fit the Evil Viper! I will lead you there right away~]

Luna-san knew I have Evil Viper in my possession . Did you heart that from Rudolph-san too……

Ah, that’s right, I’m in charge of looking after the Evil Viper, but the Knights and the other three adventurer parties gave up their rights . Indeed, I refrained from receiving a whole corpse of an A-Rank monster, but…… I was ignored .

Therefore, the whole Evil Viper eventually became ours .

[Over here]

We were taken to the Guild’s largest warehouse . Certainly, if it’s this place, it will fit if straight, but it will be pretty close if the body bends .

Luna-san contacted the dismantling staff beforehand . They are full of motivation .

But, there’s something I have to check first .

[I’d like the Evil Viper’s skin for our protective skin, but…]

Because I felt like it’s not needed, we didn’t use protective gear until now .

A normal shirt and pants with some magic tool accessories are what I usually use .

Allen and Elena are the same .

However, after Allen and Elena received an attack, I started thinking it may not be that bad to use it .

Heavy armor is not possible, but leather breastplate, gauntlets and such would be good . Also, strong boots that suit Allen’s and Elena’s fighting style .

BI think that the Evil Viper’s skin is ideal for that .

[Ngu! Not all of it, right!? You will sell us a bit, right!?]

When I tell that I’m unwilling to sell the Evil Viper skin, Luna-san goes into a panic .

[Is there something?]

[To tell the truth…… the Merchant Guild who caught the rumors are persistently contacting us]

Ah, so it’s something like that . They probably heard from the Knights or the adventurers that were with us . They probably contacted the Adventurer’s Guild immediately after that .

It seems they are eager for profit .

[It’s large, after all . Of course, I won’t be needing everything, I will properly sell]

[Really! Thank you very much!]

Rudolph-san said that Evil Viper’s blood is precious . I retrieve the corpse from the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Uwa~][… So big][Amazing!]

Seeing the Evil Viper’s body, the entranced staff in the warehouse leak voices of amazement .

[Hey! Everyone, stop staring blanky and begin to work!]

The staff came to their senses after hearing Luna-san and start working on the Evil Viper .

Although Evil Viper’s skin is very hard when it’s alive, it’s quite easier to handle once it died . That being said, it would still be impossible without special Mithril knives and good strength .

[Because the dismantling takes time, should we talk about the sale in the meantime? The dismantled materials will be held in the Guild’s warehouse, will you come for it tomorrow?][I understand . Also, I would like to sell this too, please]

Red Wolf, Bloody Wolf, Giant Boar, Great Monkey . Also medicinal plants . It was not everything I have, but I take out what I thought would be good to sell from the《Infinite Storage》 .

They are not all from the Gaya Forest, but they came from Aetherdia, so there shouldn’t be a problem?

[Kya-----!!!]

Luna-san who saw the goods I took out screams in joy .




Chapter 33

I’m sorry, I lost it a bit…… Ah, right, right . Takumi-san, the Head of the Woodworking Department of the Craftsman Guild said that he wanted to see you]

Luna-san whose sanity has returned suddenly recalls something .

The Craftsmen Guild is as the name suggest a guild where craftsmen register, in other words, a commercial and industrial organization .

Woodworking Department--Craftsmen specializing in wood processing such as carpenters and furniture craftsmen .

Blacksmithing Department--Craftsmen specializing in a metal processing of weapons, armors, cooking utensils and such .

Cooking Department--Craftstmen specializing in food such as bakers and chefs .

Medical Department--Craftsmen specializing in medical treatment such as therapists and pharmacists .

-- And so on . There are much more various departments .

It’s a place to regulate and share information, to arrange work and disciples, and to create connections between craftsmen .

[Craftsmen Guild wants to see me?]

[Yes . Takumi-san brought large trees from the Gaya Forest, right? I think they probably want to buy those from you……]

[………]

Luna-san…… You know even about the trees that I have knocked down and collected? Moreover, it’s not only known to the Adventurer’s Guild, but even the Craftsmen Guild knows of it?

Evil Viper, trees…… just how much information do you have…… Although it’s not regulated, don’t you know way too much? It has only been a day since then you know?

I left the adventurer guild and decided to head towards the craftsman guild while dropping my shoulders at the information leak .

[I would like to meet the Head of the Woodworking Department, but]

[Do you have an appointment?]

When I inform the receptionist Oneesan of the Craftsmen Guild, she looks at me with a dubious expression .

If an unfamiliar person suddenly visits and wants to talk with the Department Head without an appointment, you might be suspicious, but this is too much in the face .

[No, I have received a message that the Department Head would like to see me]

[May I inquire about your name, please?]

[Ah, excuse me . It’s Takumi Kayano]

[I’m sorry . I have heard the story . I will call the Department Head . Can you wait a moment?]

[Yes, I understand]

When I tell her my name, the receptionist’s mood completely changed and she apologized .

It seems she was informed beforehand about my visit .

[Is that Takumi Kayano-dono!]

As soon as the receptionist left her seat, a large man appeared .

Zeezee, he gasps for breath, just how much were you hurrying!?

[Yes, that’s right . eh… um, are you the Head of the Woodworking Department?]

[Ah! Excuse me . I’m the Head of the Woodworking Department Galion . It’s too quick, but!! Gaya Forest’s large tree! You have it, right!?]

[…… Yes]

It is about selling the large tree from the Gaya Forest after all . He’s leaning forward, almost falling down . It was to the extent I unconsciously took a step back .

Trees from Gaya Forest seem to be excellent materials . Besides being able to make furniture without seams because it’s so big, it contains magical power so it’s possible to grant it fireproof magic .

Goods made from these trees are apparently all sold at high price .

But, as we know, Gaya Forest is a dangerous forest . Even when cutting down the trees around the forest, you don’t know when a demon appears, so you must not be negligent and hire an escort . Besides, cutting down the trees is a challenge itself . Besides, carrying it back is an equal difficulty .

Therefore, it’s not something craftsmen secure on their own, but it’s something that the Craftsmen Guild desperately needs .

Yep, that’s what the department Head-san told me in excitement .

I don’t care about it anymore . I won’t understand anymore technical talk!

Of course, I have no use of it, so I agreed to sell . After I had placed the trees in the storehouse, the department Head-san was going to begin to talk again, so I quickly received my money excused myself .

The enthusiasm was conveyed, but I am somewhat tired……

◇ ◇ ◇

[Hello]

After leaving the Craftsmen Guild, I visited the[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

Ünexpectedly, long time no see? The last time I came was before conquering the dungeon .

[Ou, Takumi……]

[Are, you look somehow down? There are also no products even though it’s just past afternoon?]

Road-san’s complexion was bad at first glance . In addition, there were no products lined on the shelves . There should be many products lined up with customers lining up until the evening, but……

What happened?

[Road-san?]

[No…… you see……]

Road-san begins to speak in a small voice .

His story was like this--

This noble coerced him[Sell the Cream bread]by using his power .

Road-san didn’t defy and made Cream bread with all ingredients he had left .

It seems to have ended at that time .

However, that noble told him to teach him the Cream bread’s recipe next . Naturally, Road-san didn’t respond to that .

A recipe is cook’s treasure . It’s not something that could be given out so easily .

Besides, I was the one who taught him the Cream bread recipe so it’s not something he could teach others on his own .

Is he too loyal or what should I say…… Road-san is an extremely diligent craftsman . But, I have good feelings about Road-san because he’s like that .

After declining him, the noble started making an uproar[They stole our secret recipe]this time . Furthermore, he pressured other stores not to sell the wheat flour which is always necessary for a bakery to[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

If there is no flour, he can’t make bread .

--Because of that, he had no choice and suspended the business .

What a dirty thing to do!

[If you told the Cream bread recipe, the opponent would pull back, but telling him obediently would be unpleasant…… Road-san . I’d like to investigate for a bit, could you wait for a few days?]

[Of course, I have no objections . It would be annoying just to give up after resisting this much . Rather, sorry for taking your time]

[Please don’t mind it . I’m not unrelated to this matter either]

Speaking of which, it’s my fault for teaching Road-san .

Besides, I don’t like people who use such dirty means . I feel like beating him up .

Un? It’s okay, I won’t beat him up physically . I can do it though if it’s the present me . But, because the opponent is a noble, I would most likely become a criminal?

[Ah, right . I almost forgot . I would like a bit larger amount of bread made, would that be alright? I will be using the ingredients I have at me]

[Ah, I don’t mind . I’m free anyway]

[Then, I would like this please]

I retrieve the necessary ingredients from the《Infinite Storage》, hand over the paper with number and types of bread to Road-san and left the store after saying I will come tomorrow again .

Now then, let’s start with collecting information!




Chapter 34

The name of the noble who is applying pressure on Road-san is a baron from Guardia called Gilbert .

The mastermind unexpectedly became apparent . I went to the store where Road-san usually buys ingredients, and when I asked the shop assistant, he answered me . Plainly .

The person in the shop didn’t want to do it, but[I couldn’t go against a noble . I’m really sorry to Road-san]he said .

[Oi! Those kids!!]

I was loitering around the shopping street and thinking “What to do?” about Baron Gilbert . All of sudden, a man shouts from behind me .

Allen and Elena got startled and hid behind me .

[Do you need something from the children?]

[Those fellows are my goods!]

[………]

…… What is this guy in the middle of the road talking?

When I appraised him, his occupation is Slave Trader . Slaves may be goods for a slave trader, but does he walk down the street and point at people making them his goods? How rude!

From his behavior, he must be the slave trader who was attacked near the Gaya Forest . He’s the one who must have ran away while using Allen and Elena as a decoy .

Though I heard they were half destroyed, this fellow was all right . What a lucky guy!

Rather, he still was in this town…… no, is it different? Has he been attacked on the way to his base?

Well, where this guy’s base is at, is unrelated to me, though .

[These children are my younger siblings . Could you please stop saying such rude things?]

[There’s no way I would mistake such distinctive kids! I will have you return them to me]

They are not slaves, they have names which are Allen and Elena, and in the first place, speaking about “returning” them is funny .

Even if what the slave trader says is true, it’s also true that he “threw them away” while using as a decoy . He has no right to claim himself as their owner . It’s only a false charge .

[Could you stop joking around?]

[Shut up! Hand them over at once!!]

[………]

I want to smash him up immediately .

But, if I do that here, he would definitely make an even bigger fuss of it .

I desperately suppress my impulse because I understand that it’s a bad move .

[Oi, what is this fuss!]

The town patrol seems to have noticed the uproar .

The curious spectators have gathered around us .

[Just at the right time . It’s a thief! This fellow has stolen my goods! Please arrest him!!]

The guards alternate their gazes between the slave trader and me .

[…… Is that the truth?]

[No, I did not do such thing]

Since the patrolling guard asked, I flatly denied it .

But you see~, a person who stole something wouldn’t usually obediently confess[I stole it], wouldn’t he? Did you make a mistake in the confirmation method?

Well, if I was arrested without being asked first, it would be a poor mistaken arrest .

[Have you heard what goods that person said I stole from him? And by looking at this situation, do you really think it’s true?]

[……… What are the stolen goods?]

[These children!!]

[[………]]

The curious onlookers look with disgust at the uselessly screaming slave trader . Allen and Elena clung to me, hiding even further .

The patrolling guards look at the frightened children hiding behind me and then look with dubious gazes at the slave trader . From the 3rd person view, it must seem like the slave trader has picked a fight with me . Actually, that’s true .

[Where’s the proof? Please show the proof that these children are your shop’s slaves . I will say it before hand, but these children don’t have a slave crest, you know?]

A crest is engraved on the bodies of slaves with Contract Magic which makes the slaves not being able to defy their master . If it’s not there, it means that Allen and Elena are not slaves .

Children who escaped on their own would have a crest carved on their bodies .

It costs money to apply Contract Magic . It’s this fellow’s fault for being a miser .

“The slave trade”, the trade of people is authorized in this country . And there are two kinds of slaves . Crime slaves and Debt slaves .

Crime slaves, as the name suggests are people who committed a crime . They are forcibly sent to mines where they have to do manual labor while strictly monitored .

The other one, Debt slaves are people who couldn’t return borrowed money and those who sold themselves . If they can pay off their principal, they will be released .

They are used as a work force, but their human rights are guaranteed . Therefore, there’s an obligation to provide meals and minimum necessities of life .

But, owners who treat them like products, not following the responsibility to protect them, and make them do criminal acts are never ceasing . This trader is one of those .

The patrolling guards and the curious onlookers realize that and look at the slave trader with cold eyes .

[If it’s the shop assistant of my shop, he can provide the proof!]

[If you tell that to your shop assistant, it will become an order . It won’t be a proof]

It’s easy making things convenient for yourself .

Rather, this must be a daily routine for this fellow .

[Even if it’s truth that these children resemble the children from your shop, it’s not restricted only to these children, right? You are a criminal who kidnaps children . Weren’t the children slaves in your shop actually kidnapped?]

The patrols and the onlookers hold their breath at my words . I hear[Surely not]from here and there .

With the interaction so far, it has become “It wouldn’t be strange if true” .

[Let us hear more detailed story back at the station]

[What have you said!?]

The patrol restricts the slave trader and drags him off .

[I would like to hear your side of the story too, but……]

[I don’t want to go to the same place as the trader . The children are frightened]

I didn’t feel the obligation to go to the station with the guards, so I refused . The patrol guard seemed to understand and didn’t force me to go .

But, I told him my name in case something comes up .

The patrol leaves, the onlookers scatter, I hold Allen and Elena in my arms and immediately leave the place .

[[Onii~ chan……]]

[Everything’s all right . I will be with you as long as Allen and Elena want to stay by my side]

[[Un……]]

When I reassure Allen and Elena who are full of anxiety, they cling in my arms even stronger .

After gathering information again, I have learned more things .

I have heard from the curious onlookers I have asked[With the noble backing him up, he does as he pleases]or[Recently influential], although on the level of rumors, the people at the shopping street knew quite a bit .

That slave trader--his Gist Company is supported by Baron Gilbert behind the scenes . The very same person who pressured the[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

Again!? I almost tsukkomi’d in a loud voice .

Baron Gilbert apparently came to this town in order to purchase slaves .

Moreover, aren’t they talking about “children twins”?

Baron Gilbert apparently came to this town thinking he would be able to obtain them and then flew into a rage when he didn’t found them at the store . I heard that from the people who passed by the store .

That’s why the fuss from a while ago .

Because the children that he used to save himself suddenly appeared in front of him, he was going to obtain them whatever it takes .

It seems that those fellows are opponents who I have to crush with all my strength .




Chapter 35

[Alen, Elena . Good morning]

[[………]]

Since yesterday, Allen and Elena would never move away from me .

And when I told them good morning today, the two looked at me with dispirited expressions without speaking . They have reverted to their original state they were in when I found them .

That slave trader really did it now!! I will absolutely not let him off!!

I have to prepare one ticket to hell for him……… fufufu…

First, I visit the Adventurer’s Guild and finish our business .

I secure several tens meters of Evil Viper’s skin and 100kg of its meat and sell the rest to the guild .

When the material such as Bloody Wolves was added, it was a significant sum of money . Even a Platinum coin was mixed in .

I kept half of the money on me and deposited the rest in the guild’s deposit .

Next stop is the Knights branch .

A messenger from the Knight’s came to the Inn yesterday evening telling me to visit the Knights next day . It seems to be about Sajesh .

This is convenient, so I went .

[---And that’s it]

First, Risner-sama reports about the matter .

Sajesh has been punished by two weeks of house arrest and three weeks of being demoted to an apprentice .

It’s much stricter punishment than I thought . Although it’s only three months, it will be probably hard to work as an apprentice .

[That’s all from us . So, Takumi, what’s wrong?]

Because I conveyed to the messenger yesterday that I would like to consult with Wald-sama about something, he asks me immediately after the report is finished .

[Actually……--]

First, I spoke about the problem with the slave trader .

As Allen and Elena are orphans, Wald-sama has guaranteed me last time that I’m their guardian . Therefore, it would be better to get the troubles out of my chest beforehand, right?

I mean, although the slave trader was taken to the station yesterday, there will definitely not be enough evidence . I don’t think he will give up on the children that easily . He will definitely show up again .

And then, I explain what happened with[Gold’s Wheat Shop]and Baron Gilbert .

I ask them about what to do since the opponent is a noble . Well, in this area, I don’t rely on Wald-sama, but Risner-sama instead .

Would it be possible to cooperate? I had such plan .

Well, my intentions to let someone else take care of them .

I mean, this is a case where I have to smash someone up without directly touching them, right? If it would be directly, Allen and Elena would definitely come into contact with those fellows .

I don’t want them to be affected by those fellows anymore . While that may be true, I have no intentions of leaving the twins .

There is no value in leaving the children behind in order to interfere with those fellows .

Therefore---take care of them!

Those fellows! Are definitely! Committing crimes .

Therefore, let’s crush them with a frontal attack!

[I see… if it’s about that, there’s a more suitable person for that than us . Let’s head over there]

Risner-sama who heard the story urges us to move .

[Excuse me]

[Oh? Isaac, huh . What’s the matter? … N? This is?]

[He’s Takumi Kayano-san]

[Oo! You are! I see, I see, I’m glad you came . Please sit down]

We leave Wald-sama’s room, and Risner-sama guides me to a room with a friendly man in his thirties and another man also in his thirties who hadn’t spoken yet .

[Takumi-san . This is the Commander and Commander’s advisor]

[…… I am glad to meet you . I’m Takumi Kayano……]

[Commander is son of Lauren House the feudal lord governing this territoy]

[Derrick Lauren . There are several people of Lauren house in this town, so Derrick is alright]

The destination was the office of the commander of the Knights of Shirin .

The friendly man is Derrick Lauren . He’s the most important person of the Knights of Shirin and the Lauren House’s second son . Because his older brother was assigned to manage the territory, Derrick-sama became a Knight .

The second man is Philip Callan-sama . Commander’s advisor . Not a vice-commander, but he seems to be in charge of administrative work .

Risner-sama has brought me to an incredible place, huh…… tell me beforehand, please .

After the short introductions, I explained my business to the two .

[Fumu, I see . Alright, we will investigate!]

[Eh?]

Derrick-sama takes it in quickly .

It was too unexpected I let out a weird noise .

[Although I have asked you for help, is it alright for you to agree that easily?]

[You took care of my subordinates . Besides……]

When Derrick-sama glances at Callan-sama, Callan-sama clears his throat and starts explaining .

[Information about Baron Gilbert has been reported to the Knights before . He apparently does what he pleases, and reports are coming from here and there, the problems don’t run out]

[There are rumors about that house behaving strangely lately]

[Yes . No special goods are coming from Baron Gilbert which should be covered by taxation, yet he’s lavishly buying various luxurious products . Hearing Takumi-dono’s story, his relation with the slave trader is suspicious]

[A lot of dust is likely to come out when you hit it, huh……]

[Yes . And in large quantities at that……]

Apparently, there are a lot of things Baron Gilbert is guilty of that I don’t know yet .

Nevertheless, Risner-sama and Callan-sama…… they are in a perfect sync…… and their smiles are scary!

[That’s why we are already in the middle of an investigation . We also direct people towards Gilbert’s territory . Since this is an opportunity, let’s us handle your matter too . If we let him do as he pleases in our territory, our reputation will be affected too!]

Ah, un . Derrick-sama also looks quite angry .

Well, I don’t mind leaving it to you so please take care of it .

[Apart from that, about the[Gold Wheat’s Shop]! It’s the store where the new bread started, right? That bread is good! It’s just right to eat when the stomach is empty]

[That’s right . The “Phantom Bread” was especially delicious]

[What!? Isaac, you have eaten the “Phantom Bread”!?]

[Yes]

[Ku~ How! How did you obtain it!! It’s something sold out on days without set dates in few minutes! It’s impossible for someone like us the Knights with duty system to obtain it!!]

A person captivated by the sweet bread is also in here . Risner-sama looks proud to have eaten the Cream Bread……

Although not seemingly interested, Callan-sama also glances between Risner-sama and me . Is he perhaps concerned about the acquisition route of the Cream Bread?

[The reason why Takumi-dono is being concerned about[Gold Wheat’s Shop]affair should convey the only possibility]

[I see! They were given by Takumi!]

[Yes, Takumi-san is the inventor of the Cream Bread]

[What!? Is that true?]

[Hoo~]

[Y, yes…]

Scary!!

Derrick-sama’s and Callan-sama’s eyes look at me as beasts stalking their prey……

[Regarding the “Phantom Bread” although it’s possible to manage somehow, something similar may happen with person in power again, so Takumi-san seems to be troubled]

[Yosh! Lauren House will back you up!]

Back up? Lauren House?

What Risner-sama said is not wrong by any means .

Even if we tidy up this matter and reopen, I think that something similar may happen again . If we have a noble’s support, something like that will not occur ever again .

But, I’m not satisfied when things advance so smoothly……

[If you back us up, the “Phantom Bread”… Cream Bread, was it? You will make it for me, right?]

Uee!? The aim was the Cream Bread!?

Is he perhaps wanting to support us because of that!?

[What are you talking about? Something hard to obtain will become easy to obtain, you know?]

[That’s right . You should do whatever it takes to make hard to obtain things easy to obtain, you know?]

[…… Is that so? Well, if you won’t say to make it when there are no ingredients at hand, that condition seems all right]

For things, you really want[Pay whatever the price], is it something like that? It’s backing this time, though……

[Yosh, then, let’s go now]

[Go? To the[Gold Wheat’s Shop]?]

[Naturally! Now that I will back you up I have to meet the shopkeeper!]

[That’s what you are saying, but in fact, you really just want to eat the Cream Bread, right?]

When Callan-sama points out, Derrick-sama’s shoulder twitch . It seems he was right .

[Commander, you won’t be able to eat the Cream Bread at the moment]

[What!?]

[That’s only given . It takes time to make bread]

Callan-sama has a reasonable opinion, but……

[Ah~…… you may be able to… eat it?]

[Oh?]

I have asked Road-san to make a lot of bread yesterday, after all . Of course, I requested him to make some Cream Bread .

I think it should have been done soon~ Surely .




Chapter 36

I have accompanied Derrick-sama and Risner-sama to the[Gold Wheat’s Shop].

Callan-sama stayed back to gather information. Nothing was said to Wald-sama. Riser-sama said[If he gets to know, he will definitely escape from work to tag along]…… Ah, right.

When we entered the shopping street, Allen and Elena added strength to the hands they were holding me with.

The two watched their surroundings with vigilance. It’s not often that the two who can detect presences unconsciously “look for something” with their own eyes.

There are no “fear” or “hate” emotions on their faces, but that thing from yesterday probably stirred things that are deeply rooted in the innermost depths of their hearts.

I must urgently think of something to divert them from thinking about this……

When we enter the[Gold Wheat’s Shop]the bread has just finished baking as Road-san was just taking it out of the oven.

Un, smells nice~

[Road-san, excuse me for the intrusion]

[Ou Takumi, you have co… me…… eeh!?]

Road-san notices the Knights who have entered behind me and he got so surprised he almost dropped the bread. Then[If you are about to bring big shots, inform me beforehand!]he said.

Ah, yes, I’m sorry. I also thought similarly just a while ago. However, they suddenly wanted to come to the store, so I didn’t have a choice~

[This is the Knight Commander Derrick-sama. He’s the son of the Lauren House]

[W, what!? La, Lauren house!! F, feudal lord’s son!!?]

First, I introduce Derrick-sama and Risner-sama to Road-san. Then, knowing Derrick-sama’s identity, Road-san was very nervous around the feudal lord’s son.

I see, this is the normal reaction……

Somehow, I’m ignorant of social status in Aetherdia. I was originally brought up on Earth where social positions are not so different, but the knowledge about this world implemented in me was with Syl’s specifications, so it makes me lump all “people” together.

Therefore, even when talking to a noble, I don’t feel much obligated.

Well, I think there won’t be any problems if I speak politely, but…… how it really is? There weren’t any problems until now so it’s all right I think?

[Road-san, is the Cream Bread baked yet?]

[O, ou. It’s done……]

[Hou. So this is the Cream Bread~]

[Derrick-sama, please have some]

[Ou, sorry about that. Lemme see……---]

When the finished Cream Bread is finished, Derrick-sama receives it and immediately bites in.

When I asked Risner-sama if he also wants to eat,[Of course, I will have some too]he answered.

[Oo, delicious!!]

Derrick-sama seemed to like the Cream Bread very much and ate it all.

[By the way, what is that? I have not seen this in any store before]

[This is something new Takumi told me to make……]

[What!? New product!]

Derrick-sama quickly finds a new product and stared at it fixedly.

The person who made it, Road-san, probably haven’t even sampled it yet. He seemed very interested but kept his attitude firm in front of Derrick-sama and Risner-sama.

Risner-sama wasn’t staring as Derricks-sama, but he also looked interested.

Actually, I found a red bean that is similar to the adzuki bean1. After immersing that red bean in water overnight, I boiled it in a nectar liquid… gum syrup? No, I boiled it in an even thinner watery sap of trees with sugar and created a red bean paste.

The nectar liquid is even easier to obtain than sugar, I thought Road-san could use that instead, and it turned out well.

I handed the red bean paste to Raod-san and asked him to wrap it just like the Cream Bread and bake it.

It turned out delicious if I say myself. The sweetness is perfect.

After that, we also made bread containing Cyan fruit and bright yellow walnuts called Kuru nuts with millet bread as a base.

[This one is Anpan2. The another one is a millet bread with Cyan fruit and Kuru nuts mixed in]

They have just eaten the Cream bread, but Derrick-sama and Risner-sama immediately ate the new products.

Un. These also received a favorable review.

When I handed half of the Anpan each to Allen and Elena, they ate it deliciously.

There are relatively many people who don’t like red bean paste, but these members seem not to have that problem.

Incidentally, I like both Tsubuan3 and Koshian4. I didn’t make it this time, but I should definitely try making it later.

[Iya~ That was delicious]

The satisfied Derrick-sama asked Road-san 2-3 questions.

And then, because Derrick-sama hasn’t fault any problem with Road-san’s personality, he talked about the backing of[Gold Wheat’s Shop].

Road-san who was bowing[Much grateful]suddenly looked at me and started complaining.

Eh, what, what? You didn’t hear anything about this?

Iya I mean~ this is something that was suddenly decided on. Look~ This thing is good at manipulating noble-samas.

It’s not my fault.

[Well then, we shall return and promptly move to smash that conceited fool~]

This person seriously came just to eat the Cream bread……

Derrick-sama went back satisfied, parting after saying he will send a messenger from Lauren House later to formally arrange things.

Just in case, I give Risner-sama presents to hand them to Callan-sama who looked so envious and Wald-sama who is doing his best at working in the branch.

[Oi, Takumi!!]

[It’s a course of events. I also didn’t think it would end up like this]

Road-san approached me after Derrick-sama and Risner-sama left.

Ah~ I didn’t tell Road-san that Derrick-sama is backing us up because of the Cream bread. Is he perhaps worried about collateral?

I should explain that properly.

◇ ◇ ◇

I was fully concerned about Allen and Elena after throwing all the difficult things aside. I hug them close more than necessary and pat their heads. I’m affectionate to them to their heart’s content.

As a result, Allen’s and Elena’s condition returned almost returned back before meeting the slave trader.

[[Yummy~]]

[Is that so? I’m glad~]

The thing the two are eating now is a fruit jelly.

Of course, I made it.

The ingredient is this.

＝＝＝＝＝

【Slime Jelly】

Slime remains. Squishy object.

Not harmful to the human body, but has no benefits either.

Vulnerable to heat, melts when warmed up.

＝＝＝＝＝

It’s a drop item from the slimes we defeated in the Dungeon of Earth.

There’s a lot, I should make something out of this~ I thought.

It’s called “jelly” and it’s not harmful to the human body so let’s make jelly. I tried making it with such simple thinking.

I heated fruit juice in the pot, melted the slime jelly inside, then I poured it into glasses where it splendidly solidified. The slime jelly played the role of a gelatin wonderfully.

The ratio of two liters of liquid to 1 slime jelly, had a good feeling.

The texture is much more squishy than that of a traditional jelly, but that’s also good!

I tried making it only with fruit juice at first, but I tried making it with various fruit compotes after that. Starting with Ranka fruit’s juice, Riigo fruit’s juice, milk, black tea…… I made it with everything I could think of.

I was so absorbed in the making, that I unnoticeably amassed a mountain of jelly. Ah~… it’s not like it will go bad, there’s no problem since it will become Allen’s and Elena’s snack from now on, right?

After several days of doing that, all the problems in question were put in order.

Iya~ it was quicker than I expected~

An investigation on the Gist Company under the Callan-sama has started, but well~ that slave trader was mistreating his slaves, and his business was suspended right after getting exposed. Then, the house search by the Knights was performed.

It came out, it came out! A Large amount of evidence on backroom deals has been found.

There was also an account book for transactions with Baron Gilbert.

Baron Gilbert apparently used Gist Company for human trafficking. There apparently were many people in the company’s underground cells that weren’t slaves.

That being the case, a shred of evidence against Baron Gilbert was found, and investigations on the House of Baron Gilbert have begun.

The baron seems to have done other backroom deals than human trafficking like camouflaging of branded goods, etc. It appears that documents about the products and contracts were kept carefully in a secret warehouse in the Baron’s basement.

Baron Gilbert seemingly hid his crimes well, but his connections to the Gist Company became apparent. Following on the Gist Company, they were able to pull Baron Gilbert skillfully in and I was invited to the Commander Derrick’s office where I received words of gratitude.

The Gist Company’s slave trader was sent to the mines and Baron Gilbert was sent together with the evidence to the Royal Capital.

Although I expected this, Baron Gilbert will certainly be punished by imprisonment and deprivation of his rank. He apparently may even receive the capital punishment. Furthermore, it seems his family members supported him, so they will be made into crime slaves.

They really are getting what they deserve!

I felt refreshed, and the daily peaceful life returned.



Chapter 37

[With this, we can go on a journey without any worries]

[What!?][Haa!?][N?][Oh?]

In order, Derrick-sama, Wald-sama, Callan-sama, and Risner-sama .

All of them let out silly voices because of my announcement .

Are? Did I not tell them before?

[Takumi, are you leaving Shirin?]

[Yes . I actually wanted to leave earlier, but I was concerned about the matter with Baron Gilbert]

At least, I wanted to resolve the matter with[Gold Wheat’s Shop]before going on a journey .

I think that if the problem were only the slave trader, I would quickly leave the town . It would look like running away, but dealing with fellows like that is troublesome .

I think it was good that all the problems got settled as a result .

[Have you decided on your destination?]

[I thought about going south towards the sea]

[I see… so you are staying in the country…]

When I said that I’m[Going south], the four people made expressions of relief .

Is that it? Do they want to keep human resources in the country?

In a case of emergency, the magnitude of the damage will change depending on the available fighting power . It must be something that Knights must consider at all times .

[The south, is it? Which means, Bailey?]

[Yes, that’s right]

The destination has been pretty much decided on the port Bailey on the Southwest of Guardia .

The season is already a complete summer . It’s all about sea when it comes to summer, right?

I thought about showing the sea to Allen and Elena .

Ordinary people would travel from town to town, and it would take at least a month by carriage to arrive . If that would be the case, summer would already be at its final stage, so I intend to ride Joule and others, that way we can expect to arrive in a few days .

Because of that, there’s no need to hesitate .

[Takumi-san, here]

[A letter? Risner-sama, this is?]

Risner-sama hands me a single letter .

Hearing our destination, Risner-sama borrowed tools from Callan-sama and wrote it on the spot .

[It’s a letter of introduction to the feudal lord of Bailey]

[Eh!?]

To think it was for the feudal lord-sama!?

I inadvertently retracted the hand I was about to receive the letter with .

[Bailey’s feudal lord is my acquaintance . I will contact him so definitely visit him when you arrive in Bailey . I don’t mind if you force him to support bakery, etc . ]

[Eeh!?]

Not “rely on” but “I don’t mind if you force him”…… What are you saying! As expected, something like that is not possible .

Risner-sama continues to present me the letter while grinning .

Ah~ the well-prepared smile…… it’s not something I can go against~

I look around asking for help, but as expected no one wants to help me . If I had to say they have a “receive it” feeling .

I decided to accept it gratefully .

Even so, I have no intention of forcing my troubles on him . Let’s rely on him only when in a difficult situation .

I may ask him to support the bakery, though……

After finishing my business with the Knights, I visited the Adventurer’s Guild, Road-san, and the Inn to say goodbye .

When I said we are leaving, everyone was surprised . We were detained at the Adventurer’s Guild .

Luna-san particularly had a very sorrowful look on her face, she looked like she would start clinging to me at any moment .

It must be because I’m an important supplier of material from Gaya Forest . I feel slightly empty inside that there was no love element involved………

The next morning was an ideal day for the departure .

We departed from Shirin and soon walked off the highway . After confirming that there are no people around, I summoned my Contracted beasts .

[Waffu][Gau][Pii]

The three immediately nestle close to me .

[O~ Yoshyosh]

I could hardly summon the Contracted beasts before . They may be sulky that it took so long to call them .

First of all, I decided to pat them to their heart’s content .

After the three animals had been satisfied to a certain degree, I conveyed the calling matter .

[Joule and Feat will transport us]

[Waffu][Gau]

[Bolt will fly in the sky and keep track of human presences]

[Pii]

As the three replied in acknowledgment, I promptly seated Allen and Elena on Joule and climbed on Feat’s back myself .

I told Joule and Feat to start running along Gaya Forest .

Just in case, I had Bolt to fly up and watch from above .

Like that, it’s less probable to meet people . I can’t help but think that meeting with people would be troublesome .

I imagine riding on S-Rank monsters would make a ruckus . Therefore, just in case .

Sometimes, a monster emerges from within Gaya Forest . Then, Joule and Feat would lower us down and go to defeat it .

Iya~ Our kids are strong . They defeat most of the opponents in a single blow . As expected of S-Rank monsters . How reliable .

Moreover, they return bringing the defeated monsters in their mouths, how considerable .

[[Good child~]]

Allen and Elena praise Joule and Feat who returned from the hunt . Good child, good child, they pat their heads .

Even if Allen and Elena stand on their tiptoes, they are not able to reach Joule’s and Feat’s heads . Because of that, Joule and Feat lower their heads to make it easier .

It’s little clumsy, but a heartwarming scene .

[Waffu][Gau]

[Haa~! Wait a moment!!]

After having their heads patted, this time Joule and Feat tried to lick Allen’s and Elena’s faces back, so I stop them in panic .

[Joule, Feat, don’t lick!! Haven’t you just bite on the Bloody Bear!? Your mouths are bloody!!]

[Waffu!?][Gau!?]

Joule and Feat stiffen with a twitch .

What!? …… they look at me with such expression .

You are really easy to understand, but I can’t help but think you are not beasts……

[Look, I will make you neatly clean so don’t move . 《Washing》]

[Waffu!][Gau!]

[[Ukya~]]

The moment Joule and Feat became clean they started licking Allen’s and Elena’s faces .

Ah, they pushed Allen and Elena down……

O~i . Be careful not to squash them~

Seeing such situation, Bolt cries[Pii]on top of my shoulder . For some reason, it felt like he was saying… good grief .

Because Allen and Elena are having fun I didn’t stop them, just moved closer in case Joule and Feat will start crushing them .

[[Unya~]]

[Waffu~][Gau~]

[Uo!]

While playing with each other, the two children and two animals suddenly charged at me .

It’s okay if it’s just Allen and Elena, but as expected I won’t be able to catch two big animals . In short, I have been pushed down .

Ah, Bolt has evacuated……

The two children and two animals looked with a joyful expression of success .

[You~]

First, I tickle Allen and Elena who fell on me with all my might .

After that, I got up and rubbed Joule’s and Feat’s cheeks .

[[Ukya~]]

[Waffuu~][Gauu~]

Oya? You are happy?

I intended to do that as punishment, but it looks like I was unsuccessful .

But oh~ well .

In the end, we played until all of us were satisfied .




Chapter 38

Because we are not traveling in a hurry, I have decided to go in the Gaya Forest to exercise .

Unlike the last time hunting where Joule and Feat used their claws and fangs, they use magic to kill monsters .

Joule covers the dead bodies around with ice magic《Freeze》into one large lump of ice . Feat uses the wind magic《Float》to make the lump of ice fly and brings it to my side .

Skillful . And clever…… they are learning properly .

When they were fighting at close range, I had no choice but to clean them with my《Washing》 .

Well, it’s alright, though . It’s not magic that consumes much of magical power .

…… It’s just, those fellows won’t get satisfied unless they can lick after each battle…… Well, it makes Allen and Elena happy so…… oh well?

We loiter around the forest and hunt .

Then, before I notice, the children and the Contracted beasts compete at monster hunting .

When a monster is found, all members charge, defeat the monster, bring it to me, get patted by me .

That is the course of events .

Once in a while, Bolt would《Thunderbolt》a monster from the sky the moment he finds it . When that happens, the two children and the other two animals look really vexed .

[Uwa!!]

When they are feeling down because they couldn’t get praised, I pat them with the intention of consoling, and they jump into action again .

You guys, calm down a bit~

As the area became dark, I have decided to leave Gaya Forest for the camp .

Riding on Joule and Feat, we can get out quickly, and the outside of Gaya Forest is safe .

When the camping site is decided, we have the dinner next .

[Allen, Elena . What would you like to eat?]

[[N……… Cream!]]

Because both Allen and Elena love Cream bread, it frequently ends up as their snack of choice .

But, making Cream bread as a dinner menu is a bit…… I would like them to choose something more nutritious .

[N~ Allen, Elena . Cream bread is not good for a dinner…… How about having it tomorrow as breakfast snack?]

[[Ye~s]]

[Let’s see…… How about Oyakodon1? The one with an egg on rice]

[[Will eat~]]

[It’s decided then]

Although it felt like I have incited them, because the two obediently accepted the compromise plan, Oyakodon has been chosen for the dinner .

[Joule, Feat, and Bolt want meat, right? Raw?]

[Waffu~u]

[N? No? Grilled is better?]

[Waffuwaffu]

[I see . Joule wants it grilled . Does Feat also prefer it grilled?]

[Gaun]

[What about Bolt?]

[Piiii]

The Contracted beast fundamentally don’t require feeding . Apparently, when Contracted beasts are supplemented with magical power while in their master’s shadow which restores their energy .

However, because they can eat, they are having a meal together with us like this .

Because of that, I have asked them what they want to eat, but it seems my Contracted beasts like grilled meat better than raw……

Raw meat? They shook their heads when I asked .

Grilled meat tastes better . Looks like they have the same opinion as people .

These children seem to enjoy “food” with a strong taste more .

Grilled meat or Oyakodon, which is better? When asked, all three choose the latter . It seems the same menu as ours is better .

Even if I were going to make just one serving, it wouldn’t be much trouble to make more . Therefore, I have decided to make Oyakodon for six .

Aren’t spring onions bad for felines? Is what I thought, but since there seems to be no problem, I cook the onions and guineafowl with soy sauce and finish it up with half boiled egg .

[Well then, itadakimasu]

[[Itadakima~shu]][Waffu][Gau][Pii]

Un, delicious!

I must say that finishing Oyakodon with a half boiled egg dripping on top of it is delicious .

Allen and Elena also eat while stuffing their mouths with spoons with utmost effort .

I have served the food for Joule and others on a plate to make it easier for them to eat, but Bolt is dexterously using his beak while Joule and Feat stuff their mouths around the plate in their small forms .

Apparently, they can enjoy the taste more while in their small forms .

Well, if they eat in their adult forms, they would eat it in two or three bites after all .

[[Joule]]

[Waffu]

When it was time to sleep, Joule’s stomach became a substitute of the cushion for the three of us . Joule’s fur is soft and comfy……

Today is Joule’s turn, but because it has been decided that the cushion role will alternate, it’s Feat’s turn tomorrow .

I thought it was bad to treat them as cushions at first, but rather it was the other way around .

Joule’s tail was intensively hitting the ground as if saying quickly over here .

Because it doesn’t look like I have to hold back, I lean against Joule while asking Feat and Bolt to stand guard .

That being said, Feat and Bolt are in a resting postures next to us . Every single of my children is sensitive to presences after all . There won’t be any problems .

Ah, the moons…

Aetherdia has three moons . Yellow, blue, and red . Three colored moons rise into the sky .

Which reminds me, this is my first time camping in a place where the sky is clearly visible . Sky can’t be seen from within Gaya Forest, then there was the dungeon .

A night sky after a long time .

Gazing at several moons, I realize again that this is a different world .

Has it been a little over a month since I came to Aetherdia?

So many things happened so fast… I fall asleep while thinking such .

◇ ◇ ◇

I have decided to go to Gaya Forest the next day too .

Allen, Elena, Joule, and others apparently haven’t played sufficiently yet .

We are gathering medicinal plants today .

[There~]

[Many~]

[There really are many……]

Ah~ Demon Spirit Grass .

Maryoku Grass is relatively common, but Demon Spirit Grass should have been a valuable medicinal plant……

Because Gaya Forest itself is a place full of magic, does it grow densely here?

And to find a place where they grow en masse at that……

[Waffu]

This time, Joule seem to have found something .

It’s a Soul Grass…… quite a rare medicinal plant again…… I’m sure it’s used as nostrum .

[Gau]

The next one is Feat, huh . This is Touka Grass .

Because it’s leaves are transparent, it’s quite difficult to find plant……

Nose? Did Feat find it by smell?

[Pii]

Ah, Bolt has found Minsu fruit .

Minsu in fact is a plum-like fruit . It’s bigger than typical plum, it’s very sour, but it’s nutritional value is high, it’s used for medicinal tonics as it has nourishing properties .

There seem to be quite a lot on the tree . Bolt drops it with his beak, and I catch it when it falls .

Nevertheless, aren’t we finding quite a lot rare things in high demands?

[[Ah!]]

Allen and Elena seem to have found something again as they run towards a tree .

Now then, what did they find this time?

Moving while sufficiently playing along the way, we finally saw a sea a week later after leaving Shirin .

It can be said we moved at quite a high pace to arrive in just a week .

[Allen, Elena, that is the sea]

[[Sea~ Big~]]

Allen and Elena gaze at the sea with sparkling eyes .

[[Water, a lot~]]

[That’s right . All of that is a salty water]

[[Delish~?]]

[It’s not tasty? You shouldn’t drink it]

[[Ye~s]]

I had to say it because they would drink the water as soon as arriving at the beach . Like this, they won’t probably drink it .

We immediately stepped onto the beach .

The beach without any man-made objects is quiet with the only roaring of the waves resounding .

While Allen and Elena are playing at the water’s edge---

[That… may I ask if you are Takumi-sama?]

[…… You are?]

Suddenly, I was spoken to by a woman who emerged from the sea .

Umm… why do you know my name?

[I’m Mirena of the mermaid race]

Haa!? Say what!?




Chapter 39

[…… You are?]

[I’m Mirena of the mermaid tribe]

[……!]

Seriously!? A mermaid she says!!

When I appraise her in a rush---

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Mirena

【Race】Mermaid

【Occupation】

【Age】26

【Level】17

【Skills】

Spearmanship | Water Magic

Dismantling | Night Vision | Detection

Swimming | Cultivation

Cooking | Singing

Mental Status Resistance

【Titles】

＝＝＝＝＝

Uwaa~ it’s true . Her race is Mermaid .

This woman is without a doubt a mermaid . Only her upper body is visible, so I can only see an ordinary human woman .

As expected, diving under the sea to confirm would be rude, but does this woman has a tailfin as expected?

It’s a mermaid! I want to confirm right away, but patience . Patience……

[Why do you know about me?]

[I was informed about you by Water God’s retainer-sama]

Haa? From Water God’s retainer-sama?

First, I confirmed how does the mermaid woman know about me, but an unexpected answer has come back .

…… Just what is going on?

[Come again, the Water God’s retainer-sama has……]

[I have been advised that you would be able to solve a problem we are facing . Takumi-sama, could I request your assistance, please? ]

What’s with that…… just what did the Water God’s retainer-sama say to these people?

In addition to that, Mirena-sam must have been informed beforehand that we will come here .

[Umm…… an assistance you say……]

[For the details, we have to go to our village . Could we move there first?]

Mirena-san asks while deeply bowing her head .

If you ask me like that, there’s no way I could reject, but……

[No, no, wait a moment . Your village is definitely under the sea, right? Even if we can swim, we won’t be able to go there]

Because we won’t be able to breathe .

Rather, in the first place, can I swim? In the past…… of course, I could swim!

Well, I know the method of swimming itself so if it’s the present body I feel like I could do it . My motor nerves have exceptionally improved after all .

Regarding Allen and Elena, I think that they would immediately master swimming if shown . We are talking about those two after all……

But, even if they were able to swim, as expected it would not be possible for them to breathe underwater . No…… I have a feeling that they would be able to stay underwater for quite a lot of time because of an outrageous lung capacity……

But even that would not allow us to stay underwater for a longer period of time .

[I am prepared in regard of that]

[………?]

[…… Please wait for a moment]

When I was lost in my thoughts, Mirena-san takes something out and presents it to me .

U~n…… what’s that?

Silver… I wonder? I can see a looped string-like thing sitting in Mirena-san’s palm, but…… I don’t know what that is .

Because we are at the water’s edge and Mirena-san in the sea, there’s a subtle distance between us .

When I tilt my head, Mirena-san lets the thing in her hand float on the sea’s surface . It gets jolted by the waves and slowly drifts to us little by little .

It didn’t feel like the waves were natural, was it manipulated by Water magic?

When I pick up the floating thing, it was a bracelet . With an engraved thin curious pattern . It feels hard on touch, but it’s not a mineral? What is it?

I thought it was silver, but it looks iridescent because of the reflections . A mysterious color .

I couldn’t figure anything out just by looking so I appraise it straight away .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Mermaid Bracelet】

A bracelet made with the scales of a mermaid .

A magic tool that allows breathing under water .

In addition, it wraps entire body in a thin film, preventing clothes from getting wet .

＝＝＝＝＝

Oo, a fantastic magic tool has appeared .

Certainly, with something like this, there won’t be any problems with breathing .

I had a feeling it’s not made from minerals like iron or gold, but the material were actually scales of a mermaid! Indeed, I didn’t expect that .

The mysterious color is related to mermaid scales . It’s convincing then .

[We will certainly be all right with this]

[Then!?]

A delightful expression floats on Mirena-san’s face .

[I would like to see the Mermaid village, so I don’t mind going, but…… I may not be able to resolve your problem, you know?]

[That does not matter! Please come by all means!]

I’m not sure I can help because I didn’t hear the details .

Should I have asked first? But, she told she would explain in detail in the village so……

But, the Water God’s retainer-sama gave a seal of approval, so it’s probably not something too difficult . And even if I’m not successful, looking at Mirena-san’s reaction, I won’t get blamed either .

Following in itself is an introduction to the Water God’s retainer-sama . A person(?) who is worried about Allen and Elena . They wouldn’t let the twins approach something dangerous . There shouldn’t be any problem .

[Then, I will borrow this bracelet]

[No, I offer that to you . Please think of it as a fee for going to the village . Of course, if you have problem with that, we will prepare a different remuneration in the village]

[No, no, this is something precious, right!?]

[There are people engaged in magic tools in the village, so quite a number of them exist . To begin with, this magic tool is necessary in order to enter the village, so please accept it without reservation]

I thought it’s a valuable magic tool, but this bracelet apparently isn’t that valuable to the mermaids .

Because the material is the scales of mermaids, they probably don’t lack materials to make it……

Well, that . If she says to take it, I will take it .

I retrieve Joule and others who were guarding around the sandy beach to my shadow and put on the bracelets on Allen’s and Elena’s arms . Then, I put one on myself, hold the two’s hands and enter the sea .

When the depth of water reached my shin, I tried raising my leg from the water .

Oo, it really didn’t get wet . This is incredible!

My clothes and boots are totally dry . I’m deeply moved by the performance of this magic tool .

It allows breathing underwater, but there are no problems yet, so it’s possible to use it on the surface too? If I put it on a rainy day, I won’t get wet?

It looks like this magic tool can be used for something it wasn’t originally made for . I obtained something good~

When we reached a certain depth, I timidly tried to dive in a while holding Allen’s and Elena’s hands .

[!]

Iya~ how exciting~

Even though I know that I can breathe without problems, I can’t help it but be nervous about the first breath, right?

[Is everything all right?]

[Y, yes . Everything’s fine]

Breathing aside, talking underwater is also a strange feeling .

However, it’s so amusing!

My heart is throbbing experiencing something I never did before .

Allen and Elena also seem to be enjoying themselves underwater .

Breathing is alright, the next one would be swimming… . .

[Ah~ … Allen, Elena… are you okay?]

[[Fun~]]

[I see……]

Un, there doesn’t seem to be a problem .

When I release their hands, the two are normally swimming .

I knew . This development is exactly as I imagined!

Still, isn’t this too fast!? They are already… smoothly swimming, you know!!

Ah~ Since the two are alright, I will try to swim too .

I position my body horizontally, extend my arms and flap with my legs .

Breaststroke? Crawl? I somehow know the form, but I never have done it before, though!

From time to time, I move my hands to paddle the water and move forward .

Oo, is this okay? I am swimming properly…… I think .

Umm…… like this? Then, like this…… oo? I am swimming?!

I tried breaststroke for a trial, I was able to do it . I wasn’t able to do it in the slightest in the past…… I’m a bit happy .

Ah! Right, the mermaid!

I was too absorbed in trying to swim so I did not check the thing about Mirena-san .

When I look at Mirena-san again, it was the same as the illustrations that appear in fantasy novels and manga, the upper body of a woman in a bikini and the lower body of a fish .

The scales of the lower part of body went from light red to dark red, it gets darker as you go from the waist to the tailfin, a beautiful gradation .

[Ah~… I have kept you waiting . Everything’s fine now]

Crap . While observing in a trance, my eyes matched Mirena-san’s .

Mirena-san was quietly watching over us while we were learning to swim…… she’s smiling for some reason……

I approached Mirena-san and told her that everything is fine now and we can move .

[I understand . Then, let’s depart]

[Ah, yes . Allen, Elena . Let’s go~]

[[Ye~s]]

We start swimming after Mirena-san who is guiding us to her village .




Chapter 40

[Allen, Elena, you alright~?]

[[Al~right]]

[Don’t get too far away, okay?]

[[Ye~s]]

Although unfamiliar to swimming, Allen and Elena keep on swimming without any problems .

Moreover, they can swim at such speed I thought they had a propeller attached .

A world record is not a problem .

There is a big difference between them and myself who is still swimming somewhat awkwardly . I should get quickly used to it……

[Mirena-san, what kind of monsters are around here?]

[The monster around here are mainly Sand Crabs and Bomb Shelters, they are not that strong . When we get a little bit deeper, more powerful monsters will appear, but…… the most troublesome among them would be probably the Giant Killer Shark]

Giant Killer Shark… a C-Rank monster .

Although it’s C-Rank, will it be okay since we are not used to the underwater combat?

[Ah, that’s Hammerfish]

While speaking about monsters that appear in the vicinity, it appeared at once .

Hammerfish is an E-Rank monster .

A monster of Bluefin tuna size with the point of its head shaped like a hammer . It’s not that dangerous monster if you pay attention to its head which it uses as a blunt weapon .

[[Yaa!]]

Ah, Allen and Elena swim at superspeed and kick it .

Un, that’s an instant death .

It seems that being underwater doesn’t hinder Allen and Elena one bit . Rather, I feel like their attack power and speed is better than on the surface .

If one is a relative of the Water God, is the underwater combat his specialty?

[Onii~ chan]

[Fish~]

[Thank you]

Allen and Elena return with the Hammerfish by holding it by its hammer part .

[[Ah]]

After the two hand me the Hammerfish, they notice a monster again .

N~ The one who appeared seems to be the Sand Crab .

It’s about 6~70cm tall counting its shell . It will be even taller if it extends its legs, though .

[Weird~!]

[Kita~!]

Until now, their opponents were only animal and insect type monsters, so seeing fish and crustacean type monsters for the first time gets Allen and Elena in high spirits .

[Be careful of the claws . Don’t get hurt okay~]

[[Ye~s]]

I remind the two who swam towards the crab right after discovering it to be careful .

It would be dangerous if they get caught by the crab’s claws…… --Is what I thought, but it looks like I didn’t have to worry .

The two quickly defeat the Sand Crab and return while each holding one of its claws .

[[This, what is it~?]]

[Sand Crab . It’s a crab]

[[Crab~?]]

[It’s delicious when boiled . Would you like to eat it next time?]

[[Will eat~!]]

Sand Crab’s raw meat itself is gritty, but it seems to be delicious when heated .

It’s alright to eat it as is, but when it comes to crab, it’s a Kani Nabe1 after all! It’s out of season, but it doesn’t matter, right?

Let’s make it immediately once we return to the surface!

After that, Allen and Elena crisply defeated all monsters which appeared .

Mirena-san who saw Allen and Elena defeat the monsters one by one says in amazement with her eyes blinking .

[……… They are strong, aren’t they?……]

[Hahaha~……]

Un, I tried to laugh it off for the time being .

◇ ◇ ◇

About two hours after diving into the sea .

[Wha!?]

[Welcome and thank you for coming . This is our village]

Suddenly, something like a blue crystal appeared in front of me . The size is of a small mountain .

Even though the scenery was just a mere seascape until a while ago…… Which reminds me, I just passed through something like a thin membrane .

Camouflage? Some kind of an illusion barrier?

[What have we passed through just now?]

[You have noticed? It’s as you guess . An illusion that makes it look like nothing is there and a barrier which prevents monsters to invade . Two barriers are set up here]

[Since we have entered it means that humans are able to enter?]

[Even if it’s humans, they won’t be able to enter . It’s possible to enter only if they go together just like us]

I see . If Mirena-san weren’t with us, we wouldn’t be able to pass through the barrier .

Nevertheless, just what is this crystal like thing……

＝＝＝＝＝

【Sea Crystal】

A crystal that the sea itself crystallized into .

Conceals the power of the sea .

＝＝＝＝＝

[…… Sea Crystal?]

[Yes, that’s right . Because this is the Blue Sea, we all it the Blue Waters Shrine]

Because I see people coming in and out of the Sea Crystal, the crystal itself must be the residence…… It’s probably something like the Mermaid Castle .

The semitransparent blue crystal has the appearances of a simple castle . If I had to say, the blue crystal looks more like a mountain than a castle .

However, it has very magical, overwhelming aura .

Blue Waters Shrine…… This can only be called “sugoi . ”

[Sparkly~]

[Pretty~]

[Yeah . It’s very pretty]

[Fufufu . Thank you very much . I will guide you inside later, but could you follow me to the back of the Blue Waters Shrine first, please?]

[Ah, yes]

After a while of gazing at the Blue Waters Shrine, Mirena-san guided us to the back of the Blue Waters Shrine .

There is a rock face in the back, behind the Blue Waters Shrine, but---

[I would like you to do something about this]

[A ship?]

There is a fairly large ship at the place where Mirena-san guides us to .

It beautifully sunk between the rock face and the rear of the Blue Waters Shrine .

[There is an entrance to the cave where we raise corals, but as you can see it has been blocked by this ship . The people of the village gathered to do something about it before, but we weren’t able to move it even an inch…… While greatly perplexed what to do, the Blue Waters Shrine’s lord, Miko Himesama received an oracle]

The ship fell exactly right between .

There are almost no gaps between the rock face and the rear of the Blue Waters Shrine .

If the ship was a slightly bigger it wouldn’t block the entrance and if it was slightly smaller, the mermaids would be able to move it themselves .

Iya~ It fits in perfectly .

Indeed, it’s possible for me to remove it . After all, I just have to put it in the《Infinite Storage》 .

[I can remove this immediately]

I approach the sunken ship and store it in the《Infinite Storage》 .

When I confirm the《Infinite Storage》list, the sunken ship (Dietlinde model) was properly showing up .

The Dietlinde model seems to be a cargo ship as many barrels, and wooden boxes were collected together .

Well, I would have to check the boxes one by one as I don’t know what’s inside .

What to do with this? It’s sunk into the sea, and the boxes are soaked wet .

It depends on the objects, but I expect most of them being ruined .

What should I do if it’s food?

It wouldn’t be spoiled, but it would definitely be in a totally terrible condition…… I don’t want to check the contents……

U~n…… for the time being, let’s leave it like that .

Nevertheless, as there were no dead bodies, the sailors must have been able to escape before the ship sunk .

As expected, I would feel awkward carrying people’s corpses in the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Is it all right like this?]

Uwa!

When I turned around, other mermaids gathered beside Mirena-san before I noticed .

[Thank you very much!]

[It’s nothing, rather than that, shouldn’t you take a look at the coral?]

[That’s right]

I see a cave entrance in the rock face, that must be it .

Mirena-san gives instructions to the other mermaids in a hurry and several people enter the cave .

[Is that coral an important coral?]

[Yes . It’s used as material in various medicines . Especially us, mermaids, need a specific medicine to cure illness, therefore we can’t afford to lose that coral]

That is very important then .

I’m certain that corals…… inhabit only places with clear water?

I don’t know when the ship sunk, I hope it didn’t wither away……

[Fortunately, not much time passed since the ship sunk, so there wasn’t much damage done . You have really saved us]

[Is that so? I’m glad I could be of help]

Unexpectedly, the ship seems to have sunk only a few days ago .

Although I wouldn’t be blamed, I would not be able to bear it if the coral got destroyed .

[Well then, Miko Himesama is waiting, let me guide you there]

Next is the meeting with Himesama, huh~ She said the Lord of the Blue Water Shrine, right?

Now then, what kind of person is she?




Chapter 41

The atmosphere in the Blue Waters Shrine overflows with “harmony . ”

Magic tools shaped as lanterns are illuminating the path, the grid windows, and the bridge railing gives off a feeling of the old capital, Kyoto .

[Miko Himesama, I have brought Takumi-sama, Allen-sama, and Elena-sama]

[Please, enter]

We were guided to the most inner part of the Blue Waters Shrine where the Miko Himesama is .

There is a light-blue haired girl in her teens and an elderly man inside the spacious room .

Is this girl the Miko Himesama?

The gracefully smiling girl is wearing a celestial kimono, emitting an aura of a young princess .

[Takumi-sama, Allen-sama, Elena-sama . Welcome]

[Umm…… Thank you very much for inviting us?]

[Fufufu . Please, do not be so stiff . Rather, we are the ones who should show respect to you]

[Eh!?]

Wait a moment! What do you mean?

I got startled by Miko Himesama’s words .

Miko Himesama is a great person in the Mermaid Tribe, right? Why should a person like that show respect to me?

[I have heard that Takumi-sama is a benefactor of the Water God’s Retainer-sama]

[Miko Himesama, thanks to Takumi-sama, our problem have also been solved . I have other people checking the coral right at this moment]

[I am really glad . Then, Takumi-sama is our benefactor, is he not?]

[That’s right]

[No, that’s a little……]

Hey, Water God’s Retainer-sama~ What kind of nonsense have you told them~~

Just how much have you told them? Surely, you didn’t expose my true identity, did you!?

[Err… I don’t know what you were told, but if you know that……]

[Please, do not worry . Only the three of us here know about the Oracle I have received . Naturally, we will not reveal it]

[Thank you very much . Incidentally, what were you told……]

Just in case, I ask how much they know……

[I have heard that Takumi-sama is a person of principles and very kind person]

[……… Please, give me a break]

Is she talking about me!?

Just what have you told them~~ Please stop iiit~

[Fufu . You are exactly as Retainer-sama said]

…………

I’m troubled…… I’m worried about what the Water God’s Retainer-sama told Miko Himesama, but I have a feeling that I don’t want to know……

[Miko Himesama, Takumi-sama is troubled]

[Ara, Gard . I am just telling the truth, there is no reason for Takumi-sama to be troubled]

[Then, you wouldn’t mind if I tell him on the day of the first meeting with Miko Himesama[That I know Miko Himesama very well . She’s quite the tomboy]would you?]

The elderly man next to Miko Himesama stops her .

On the contrary to my expectations of Miko Himesama being a secluded Ojousama, it seems she’s quite the tomboyish child…… Her appearances don’t match her personality .

[…… Iya . Takumi-sama, please forgive us]

[No worries……]

[Right, right, I have not introduced you to Takumi-sama yet, did I? He is Gard, the Chief managing the mermaids living here]

[I’m the Chief, Gard . Thank you very much for today]

The man is apparently the Chief of mermaids . He’s very good-natured-ish looking old man .

[Chief, is it? I heard that the Miko Himesama is the Lord of Blue Waters Shrine, is Chief something different?]

[Yes . I am indeed the Lord of the Blue Waters Shrine, but Miko Hime the so-called honorary position . The person with the most affinity with the God takes the place generation after generation . There’s a different one for each clan]

Actually, there is no way to know the affinity with the God, so abilities, etc . are unrelated . Miko Hime is a symbolic existence, a woman elected by the clan to become a holy individual .

Miko Himesama mutters[I did not really want to do it because it is too stiff…]in a small voice .

If a tomboyish girl is her true nature, the current appearances of a graceful Miko Hime is an act .

She must have it tough .

[…… Being Miko Himesama must be tough, huh?]

[Fufufu . That is right]

It seems she heard the words I unconsciously muttered .

Miko Himesama agrees with a laugh .

[Right, right . We have to present the reward to Takumi-sama]

[Ah, that! In that case, wouldn’t you teach us the way of using water magic?]

Talking about the reward, I asked about what was on my mind .

Right . I want to learn water magic .

Mermaids living underwater would know a thing or two about water magic, right?

[Water magic, is it? Certainly, most of the Mermaids can use it, but……]

[We possess the【Water Magic】skill, but I’m troubled because I can’t use it well . The children have never used magic before……]

In fact, when we moved through the sea, I tried using the water magic, but it didn’t go well .

I tried shooting the low level《Water Ball》, but it had no power . Besha, just about a fistful of water spurted out .

Because I myself can’t use it, I am not able to teach it to Allen and Elena .

[If that is the case, there is no problem . I will introduce you to a user who excels at teaching! However, the reward is separate]

[No, just teaching us is enough]

Even though I solved their problem, I just put the ship into the《Infinite Storage》 .

I would be grateful for just being able to learn water magic .

[No, I request you to accept it . Although I said reward, it is something unnecessary for us…… Would you please look at it first?]

……… N? Unnecessary?

What does she mean?

Saying, please look at the goods first, Mirena-san guides us to the place where the reward is .

◇ ◇ ◇

[This way, please]

[This is?]

The place I was guided to is a cave in the rock face in the rear of the Blue Waters Shrine . Inside the cave, there was a spacious room with a lot of things were piled up .

Seaweed in a shell?

Fish bones with some kind of stones?

There really was a lot of things . Moreover, a considerably large quantity of each .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Bracka seaweed】

A medicinal plant inhabiting deep seas .

Because it has an effect of lowering temperature, it’s used as a material for antipyretic and salves for burns treatment .

＝＝＝＝＝

＝＝＝＝＝

【Bone of Giant Shark】

Hard, but light bone .

Utilized as material for weapons .

＝＝＝＝＝

After appraising it, every seaweed and shells were materials for medicine . The bones can be used for making weapons .

[Everything has quite a value, you know?]

And yet they say that everything in here is part of the reward .

[This~]

[Wha~t?]

[Eh? Pearl!? Huge!]

Allen and Elena brought a golf ball-sized pearl . Looking carefully, a great amount of various sized pearls were rolling on the ground beside the two .

Not only big ones but also normal sized pearls that could be used to make necklaces . And they are just gorogoro on the floor .

White and black, purple, pink, yellow…… various colors .

This is my first time seeing so many pearls .

[To tell you the truth, this place is our garbage dump…]

Haa!? Garbage dump?

This all, are you saying this all is a garbage!?

[When we pick something that sunk around the Blue Waters Shrine or the ocean floor, we put it here]

[Everything!? I mean, this is a pearl, you know?]

[That’s a stone that comes from the edible shells, isn’t it? The big ones come from Big Shells, but…… Either of them is not a magic stone, you know?]

[Pearl is a kind of a gem, you know?]

[Is that so? I like gems too, but I like the more sparkling and transparent ones better?]

[………]

Ofu…… these people recognize pearls that come out of shells as stones .

I see, I see now……

Are? To the people of Aetherdia…… it’s a gem, right? Without a doubt .

[It’s as Retainer-sama said then, although it has no worth to us, it seems it’s attractive stone to humans]

That’s right . I’m really startled by your different sense of value .

[As you can see the place has become full…… Although we think it’s rude to give something unnecessary to us as reward, we would be much grateful if you received it……]

[………]

I have no words to say anymore .

Allen, Elena . Do you like that pearl? It seems we can take it, so I will .




Chapter 42


In the end, I have decided to accept the various items in the cave that were presented to me as a reward .

Still, to consider those things a garbage……

I was in shock after looking at the《Infinite Storage》item list……

Tens kinds of seaweed and shells used as medicine materials . Even if the shell couldn’t be used for medicine, it could be used as an ornament for accessories .

Fish bones, scales, and carapaces that could be processed into arms and tools . There were also some stone-like materials, but those are actually natural stones .

There were some scratches ones, but there was quite a lot of pearls~

Only a few percent of the garbage was[Unusable] .

Despite receiving a significant amount of rewards, we would also receive magic guidance .

The mermaids took it as if we had disposed of their garbage, it seems they gladly accepted to teach us magic .

We have stayed a night at the Blue Waters Shrine that day, and it has been decided that we will get instructed in the water magic tomorrow .

Tomorrow .

We have come offshore to receive the instructions .

Because we have a lot of magical powers, after all . We have decided to receive the instructions far away from the Blue Waters Shrine in case we make a mistake .

And surprisingly, the one who is going to instruct us is the Chief of Mermaids, Gard-san himself! Gard-san came personally .

Gard-san apparently a person who teaches many mermaid children and it seems that even Miko Himesama learned magic under him .

An ideal person to instruct us .

Gard-san starts teaching us immediately once we got above the surface .

[First of all, there are two ways to exercise magic . That is to manipulate and produce . I have heard that Takumi-sama is able to use wind magic . When you are using magic on the surface, that is manipulating . Earth magic is the same . But, water magic and fire magic have to be produced first . Let’s assume first that you are using water magic in a waterless location]

I received guidance first, but…… I see~

So it’s because I tried to use water magic the same way I use wind magic . The power was low because of that .

[Therefore, if you don’t produce it first, Takumi-sama will end up using water magic with the wind magic method]

A precise identification of the problem .

I explained my circumstances to Gard-san yesterday so he could estimate why I am not able to use it .

[Conversely, trying to use wind magic underwater would not work well, would it?][Yes, that’s right]

It became really simple after hearing the reason .

Well, right . I’m using wind magic in places where the wind drifts and water magic in places with no water . The amount of necessary magical power is different .

When I used water magic the last time, a fist-sized water besha… only a little came out .

[《Water Pillar》]

I try to cast a spell as a test and a pillar of water shoots out of the sea .

Un, it’s possible to use water magic in places with water just like the wind magic .

[Magnificent . If Takumi-sama keeps in mind the producing step while on the surface, you shouldn’t have any problems with water magic]

[Yes, let’s see . Since I have grasped the trick, I will give it a try on the ground later]

Because there is water nearby .

Once we return to the ground, let’s find a waterless place and practice .

Since my problem was settled, it’s Allen’s and Elena’s turn next .

[I have heard that Allen-sama and Elena-sama haven’t used magic yet . Therefore, I have decided to tell them about the flow of magical power first]

[By all means . Allen, Elena, come here]

[I will borrow your hands . I will pour my magical power now]

Gard-san takes Allen’s and Elena’s hands and sends in his magical power .

I see . You can pour your magical power into your partner to let him become aware of magical power……

[Can you understand it?]

[[Warm~?]]

[It seems to be all right, then? That is magical power]

Magical power is warm .

Allen and Elena immediately perceived the magical power .

[[Magical power~?]]

[Yes, that’s right . That is the source of magic . There is also magical power within yourselves . Are you able to perceive that?]

[[U~n?]]

[Allen, Elena . Try searching for the warm inside your bodies]

[[Un]]

Allen and Elena close their eyes and begin searching for the magical power .

Because magical power circulates through the whole body just like blood, so it’s essential to feel the flow .

I also stealthily feel for the magical power circulation .

…… Because magic was inserted in my body, the feeling of magical power is…… there’s practically nothing .

When I searched for it, I was unexpectedly able to feel it .

So this is magical power…… Un, it’s okay . I’m glad I am able to perceive it .

[Warm thing]

[Found~]

It seems that Allen and Elena too were able to perceive magical power immediately .

[Looks like you have perceived it-- This will be a practice to control the magical power flow from now on . If the magical power is low, water won’t take shape, and on the contrary, if the amount of magical power is too high, the water burst out . Well then, Allen-sama, Elena-sama . Shall we give it a try?]

When Gard-san pours magical power into the ocean water he has scooped with his both hands, the water starts changing a shape little by little . This is apparently a practice in order to find the necessary amount of magical power to use .

Right . When using magic, using just the right amount of magical power is essential .

If you don’t, you will end up like me when I fought the Evil Viper……

[[Done~]]

[Allen, Elena . You are amazing for being able to do it on your first try~]

[[Ehehe~]]

When Allen and Elena began to pour magical power in the seawater scooped by their both hands, a round water ball appeared immediately on their hands .

Because they raised the balls as to show me their achievement, I stroke their heads while praising them .

[As expected~ It’s quite difficult to get the hang of it, but being able to do it right away……]

[Does it usually take time?]

[Even the most able children in the village take roughly half a day to produce a precise rounded shape . It can take even several days for unskilled children]

Un, hearing that it becomes clear that Allen and Elena are geniuses .

My kids are so amazing~

[Then, let’s attempt casting《Water Ball》next . It would be better for Takumi-sama to show an example . May I ask you to target that rock?]

[Understood……《Water Ball》]

The practical use of magical power seems to be next .

Although an example,[Can I do it?]flashed through my mind for a moment, I’m glad I was able to do it……

Even if I could predict that I would be able to do it, I was worried about what to do if I failed .

[[《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

Seeing me, Allen and Elena immediately follow and cast《Water Ball》too . A grand success, two water balls the size of a tennis ball fly towards the rock .

[[Done~]]

[Amazing, amazing! You two are so good~]

[So easily……]

In the end, all basics were taught in a few hours .

Because they were able to learn magic so quickly, Gard-san had a bitter smile . Normally, you wouldn’t be able to master magic in a day after all .

Well~ but it’s Allen and Elena after all . That must be it .

Gard-san returned to the Blue Water Shrine, and we have deiced to practice magic for a little bit more . See, getting used to magic is important .

I also wanted to teach Allen and Elena some beginners magic .

Perhaps《Water Arrow》or《Water Wall》?

I won’t teach them any big moves! It would be troublesome if they used it in a public . That is my role!

I also must tell them not to use it without permission . If I don’t, they might see someone use magic and start using it themselves .

[[!!!!]]

[What? What is wrong?]

While thinking about magic, Allen and Elena suddenly clung up to me .

Since I wasn’t paying attention to the surroundings, I wanted to use【Detection】to figure out what’s going on, but before I could do that, the sea started shaking .

[Uwa!!]

And then, something emerged from the sea while splashing water around .

I embrace Allen and Elena tightly, gulp while watching the high waves and appraise without delay .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】

【Race】Leviathan

【Occupation】

【Age】？？？

【Level】？？？

【Skills】

？？？ ？？？

？？ ？？ ？？

？？？？ ？？

？？ ？？ ？？？

？？？？？？ ？？？？？？

？？？？？？ ？？？？？？

【Titles】

？？？？？

＝＝＝＝＝

Haa!? Leviathan!?

Moreover, the contents of its status are invisible .




Chapter 43

What appeared looks like a multi-floor building or a tower…… No, is Leviathan a dragon?

--Ha, just by being there, I feel its overpowering intimidation . It’s clearly a superior existence .

…… Will it attack… us?

As expected, I wouldn’t want to get attacked by an S-rank monster .

Allen and Elena are not preparing to fight, so it’s probably not hostile .

However, the two are clinging to me as if they have understood something .

《Fumu . I thought I sensed a different presence, so it was the Wind God-sama’s retainer……》

[Wha!?]

I, it spoke!?

Moreover, it felt like it was talking directly in my head, rather than hearing with my ears .

Also, how did I get exposed!?

《What are you surprised about? I can use appraisal . You can use it too, right?》

[Iya…… I certainly can, but most of it wasn’t visible]

I see . This Leviathan has an appraisal…… so it even took a look at my status .

《Fumu . How about now? Try looking one more time》

As told, I use appraisal again .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】

【Race】Leviathan［Water God’s retainer］

【Occupation】

【Age】863

【Level】123

【Skills】

Water Magic? ???

Swimming ?? Appraisal

Presence Detection ??

God? Telepathy ???

Physical Attack??? Magic?? Shock Resistance

Uncommon Body?? Mental Status Resistance

Conqueror of the seas

＝＝＝＝＝

Are? There are some things here and there that I can’t see, but I can see a lot more than a little while ago……

First, what is this about the Water God’s retainer? Syl~ Haven’t you told me that there are no other retainers on the surface beside me~

Over 800 years old…… astonishing……

I think it’s a male if I go by the sound of its voice, but I should not be assuming that .

And above all, the level! Its level has three digits!

The strongest individuals among humans should be around 50~60 level . And yet, the Leviathan is level 123…… Double the level .

And the conversation can be held thanks to the【Telepathy】skill?

How convenient . If I had this, I could probably talk to Joule and others .

…… Conqueror of the seas . There’s nothing I can say about that……

The hell is this status…… it’s dangerous .

《How is it?》

[…… It’s not all, but I can see it now . But, how?]

《That’s because I loosened the magical power coat my body was wrapped in》

[Magical power coat?]

《Umu . Living creatures unconsciously cover their bodies in magical power . They do it, no matter how weak they are . And the coat becomes thicker with the amount of magical power one possesses . My magical power is larger than yours . Therefore, you couldn’t see . Then, I intentionally weakened the magical power coat . That’s why you were able to appraise me this time》

I see…… Even if my magical power is high, the difference in levels will only add to the difference between our magical powers .

Therefore, I couldn’t see it .

That means, even if a person has【Appraisal】skill, I won’t have to worry that much about mine and the children’s status being exposed?

Even the strong ones should have less magical power than us . If that’s the case, we have to be careful of the races with great magical power like elves and demons .

Well, no matter in wich race, 【Appraisal】skill is rare, and people who possess them are scarce, so I don’t have to be that careful, though . We just bumped into Leviathan this time……

《Has your pondering finished?》

[Ah, yes! So, that…… you1? are also a retainer?]

I tried to address it, but I remembered that this Leviathan does not have a name .

I was worried for a moment, but ‘you’ should be safe, right?

《Yes, are you unsure about how to address me? I do not have a name after all . You may call me as you want . Fumu… I won’t mind letting you name me》

No, no . I wasn’t thinking for so long about how to call you, but about magical power and【Appraisal】 .

Why it became a talk about naming!?

This, for now……… let’s ignore it?

[…… I didn’t know there was a retainer on the surface]

《There are not many, but there are . However, all of us, including myself, spend time by ourselves in remote areas》

Ah, there are more retainers .

《Anyway, so the Water God-sama’s children are the children from that time》

[You know of these children? They are Water God-sama’s children as expected……]

As I have expected, Allen and Elena are the Water God-sama’s children .

The two’s secret identities were revealed just like that .

《Mu? You didn’t know?》

[I have somehow expected it, but I’m the Wind God-sama’s person, so I wasn’t told in detail . It concerned a stipulation between the gods or something]

《Ah, it would be like that at that person’s place》

[You know about it?]

《I’m sure you could see from my status, but I’m someone who is connected to the Water God-sama . I get information . Besides, the children were born…… about a year ago? I was asked to protect the children》

No…… it has been five years since Allen and Elena were born…… would it be better to not tsukkomi here?

Once you live for 800 years, your sense of time may become rough……

[…… They weren’t protected, though]

《Fumu . It’s due to my refusal》

[Eh!?]

《Entering the country to protect the children would cause ruckuss, after all》

Ah, certainly .

Leaving aside if Leviathan were alright after leaving the sea, it would get noisy if it appeared on the land……

《Even if I safely protected them, I wouldn’t be able to raise human children . The children’s state wouldn’t change by much even if I protected them . Therefore, I chose the option which would cause less damage》

As a matter of fact, I can agree .

The town would get destroyed if he decided to protect them…… just imagining it is scary .

Besides, this Leviathan certainly wouldn’t be able to raise the two who were infants at that time . It would crush them if it made a mistake in handling .

《It must be a fate for us to meet here . I shall lend you my power when you are in trouble》

[Are? I thought that retainers are not allowed to help?]

Syl couldn’t lend a hand, and the Water God-sama’s retainers were the same .

《That’s the story in that person’s place . I’m originally from the surface . There are no restrictions for retainers who come from the surface》

[Was it like that……]

I had confirmed it when I decided to look after Allen and Elena, but I have thought to be out of the condition because I come from a different world .

But, it seems like that wasn’t the case .

The people at the Holy Sanctuary apparently have different conditions than on those on the surface……

Then, if Leviathan was no good, he surely asked other retainers to take care of Allen and Elena…… he did not…… definitely .

Come to think of it, I was told that they all live in remote places……

Are perhaps other retainers on the surface similar to Leviathan?

Ah~… it would be impossible then .

《Now then, have you decided on my name? That will become our provisional contract》

[Eh? Na, name? Contract?]

Name…… it was serious about it?

《Umu . Not a complete master and servant contract, but connected by fate contract . It will be established when you name me . Thus, you will be able to summon me . Well, it depends on my consent, though》

Not like Joule, Feat, and Vol who I can summon whatever they like it or not, but a consent of the partner’s will is necessary .

Even if it’s like that, Leviathan will become an enormous ally . I could win even against a country .

I don’t have any plans on fighting them, though .

The other party proposed it, so there’s no problem if I accept?

It’s well-informed, so I feel he could become a reliable retainer senpai .

Then, a name . Let’s see……

[I will ask just in case, but you are a male, right?]

《N? I have no gender . But, if I had to choose then I would choose male》

[Then, how about Kaiser?]

《Umu, good . My name is Kaiser》

The moment he recited the name, a magic circle appeared on the sea’s surface around Kaiser .

《It was safely established . From now on, I’m Kaiser . Call me like that》

I have formed a provisional contract with a Leviathan---Kaiser .



Chapter 44

[My best regards from now on, Kaiser]

《Umu》

With this, Kaiser has more or less become my Contracted Beast . Nevertheless, I really didn’t expect something like this would happen while coming to the sea .

The feeling of Allen and Elena withering disappeared all too soon . They are now watching Kaiser with great interest .

《At any rate, they are really attached to you . You seem like a real parent》

Kaiser narrowed his eyes and looked at Allen and Elena who are clinging to me .

I can’t tell the difference in the Leviathan’s expression, but Kaiser’s gentle feeling has somehow been transmitted .

[That’s so . They have recognized me as an existence similar to an older brother]

If we seem like a real family, that makes me glad .

When I stroke Allen’s and Elena’s heads, the two draw closer .

《Fumu~ Children, come with me》

[Eh?]

Oi, Kaiser? What are you saying all of sudden!?

Kaiser said something ridiculous while facing Allen and Elena .

《If they grew up this much, I won’t have any problems . I will prepare a place they can live safely . I can definitely protect you children better, you know?》

[[With Onii~ chan]]

《It’s not like you can’t meet ever again, you know?》

[[No]]

《You like your brother so much that you don’t want to leave his side?》

[[Un!]]

I was surprised at Kaiser’s crazy question, but Allen and Elena choose to stay with me without hesitation .

I understand that Allen and Elena are attached to me, but being chosen like this makes me really happy, after all .

《Umu, umu . It seems you have built a good relationship》

[………]

…… It seems that Kaiser didn’t want to take them, but was just confirming Allen’s and Elena’s feelings since the beginning .

《I can’t advise you on parenting, but I advise you about anything else . It has not been too long since Takumi came to this world, right? Although I’m distant to the way of humans, but I have lived for a long time, after all》

[Eh! Th, this world!?]

《Although seldom, there are times where people from other worlds slip into ours . There are also existences that have memories from their previous life . Encountering a God’s retainer is much more unusual》

[Ah……]

Which reminds me, Kaiser has【Appraisal】skill . He must have seen both my status and my titles .

…… He accepted that I’m from a different world without being surprised . Judging by his words, he might have already met someone who came from a different world, perhaps even met a reincarnated person .

Oh, right…… there’s a chance that I will come across people from a different world from now on . I may be slightly looking forward to that .

《If you have something to ask, just ask with【Telepathy】 . If it’s you, Takumi, we will be able to connect even if we are far apart》

Nn? Telepathy?

[My【Telepathy】will…… connect?]

《Mu? You have learned it while talking with me, you know? Did you not notice?》

[Eh!?]

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Takumi Kayano

【Race】Human?［Wind God’s retainer (Temporary)］

【Occupation】Magician

【Age】20

【Level】27

【Skills】

Light Magic 66 | Dark Magic 65

Wind Magic 170 | Water Magic 51

Space Magic 118 | Life Magic 128

Swordsmanship 54 | Throwing 52

Appraisal 209 | Dismantling 119

Familiars 35 | Training 24

Swimming 8

Cooking 126 | Sewing 23

Washing 12 | Cleaning 31

Crafting 39 | Gathering 65

Arithmetics 108 | Reading 125

Concealment 41 | Detection 37

Oracle 12 | Telepathy 5

Abnormal Status Resistance 300 | Mental Status Resistance 300

Physical Attack Resistance 300 | Magic Attack Resistance 300

【Titles】

Transmigrated From a Different World

Blessed by the God of Creation, Malianor

Friend of Wind God Sylphreel

Savior

Conqueror of Low-Grade Dungeon

Monster Contractor

A-Rank Adventurer

Receiver of the Water Dragon King’s Divine Protection

【Contracted Beasts】

Fenrir (Joule)

Thunderhawk (Bolt)

Celestial Tiger (Feat)

Leviathan (Kaiser)(Provisional)

＝＝＝＝＝

Ah, it’s true .

When I confirm my status in a hurry, a new skill【Telepathy】appeared . Also,【Swimming】is there too .

I also have new titles .

【A-Rank Adventurer】obtained of course when I become A-Rank adventurer .

【Receiver of the Water Dragon King’s Divine Protection】is related to Kaiser, right?

I haven’t looked at other people’s statuses, but the number of titles is absolutely a lot…… this is my eight title . Well, they are all not normal, though……

Among the people I have seen until now, was four titles the most?

There are various titles, and there are some which affect abilities . They grant abilities, make skill acquisition easier, and make it easier to obtain proficiency .

I have not grasped clearly yet what the effects of my titles are . It’s by having【Different world~】title, I am able to understand Aetherdia’s language .

And if there are titles that act as a plus, there are also titles that act as a minus .

I have not met a criminal yet, but criminals apparently have a title with minus correction .

As I have had until now, I would like to avoid those people .

However…… it wouldn’t be strange for Allen and Elena to receive Kaiser’s protection, but it’s only me? Why?

[Kaiser’s divine protection appeared in my status, but?]

《Umu, that’s right》

[Why not Allen and Elena?]

《Because my contract is with you, Takumi》

[The contract itself is the divine protection, is it? You can’t normally give divine protection?]

A contract, huh…

It can’t be helped then, but I wish Kaiser could grant divine protection even without a contract .

《No, I can . But, I won’t give these children divine protection . As people from the same water system and children of God, they are existences way above mine . The inferior being can’t give protection to the superior one . Takumi is the wind’s person, but also a retainer like me . Although we are equal, you are simultaneously my junior . Therefore, the divine protection could be given》

[I see~]

The hierarchy, huh…

Indeed, the superior beings give divine protections to the inferior ones . It can’t be helped that Allen and Elena can’t receive a divine protection then .

《Also Takumi, hold onto this》

Kaiser handed me a scale he peeled off of his own body .

The scale is translucent and shining in a blue color .

《That is filled with my magical power . I will be able to grasp your location if you hold onto it》

So it’s possible to track your own magical power, I see~ Does it work with perception or detection?

Is it used the same way, but instead of reacting to many unspecified magical powers, it reacts to a specific one?

Is it similar to a tracing ring? The magic stone on the ring perceives the magical power and indicates the specific place .

In that case, is it possible to substitute the magic stone with something else? Let’s try it next time .

[Thank you very much . Umm…… this won’t work unless I carry it, right?]

Although a scale, Kaiser’s scale is as large as my face . Moreover, it’s also very thick . It would be slightly unreasonable to carry this around all the time .

《I won’t be able to find you if it’s in a place that obstructs magical power . I won’t mind if you fragment it to the size of your toes . Just carry it》

[I understand]

A place that doesn’t obstruct magical power……

I thought about putting it in the《Infinite Storage》at first, but that place is not good . The magic bag is equally bad .

If so, I must make something that will allow me to carry the scale around . However, would this crack while processing?

When I flick the scale with my finger as a test, hardness transmits . It’s a scale of the strongest sea monster, it wouldn’t break that easily……

[U~n……]

《What is it?》

[The scale is hard, I was wondering if I can break it……]

《I don’t mind if you break it, but it would be troublesome if it sunk . Try it after going up on the land . You should be able to break it without problems》

Let’s try it when we return to the land . Kaiser gave his guarantee, so it’s should be alright .

《It’s time for me to return . Children, if something happens, you should immediately depend on your older brother》

[[Un]]

《Do not hesitate to contact me, Takumi . Then, in good health》

[Yes . Thank you very much]

[[Bye by~e]]

Kaiser has returned to the sea .

I have obtained a reliable advisor, but I got tired a lot . Let’s end the water magic practice today and return to the Blue Waters Shrine .




Chapter 45

After parting ways with Kaiser, we have returned to the Blue Waters Shrine .

And in the next morning .

[You are already leaving? Please stay a little longer . We haven’t shown our hospitality yet]

[No, no . We have already received enough]

[Because Takumi-sama must have some plans, it would be rude of us to try to make him stay forcibly . Please come again, by all means]

[Yes . We will visit again]

[It is a promise]

I finish our farewells with Miko Himesama, Gard-san, and Mirena-san whom I am indebted and decided to promise to visit again .

◇ ◇ ◇

[Allen, Elena~ You must not touch that]

[[Ye~s]]

While carefreely swimming to the land, a flashy red starfish with purple polka dots--Acid Starfish appeared .

It has a paralysis poison .

If touched directly, your whole body would get paralyzed, but you wouldn’t die . If kicked while wearing leather shoes, there is no problem at all . However as expected, am I being too overprotective by not wanting them even to approach it?

Dealing with it underwater with wind and water magic would be too troublesome, so I retrieve the Water Katana from the《Inifnite Storage》 and cut directly at the Starfish . Because it’s an E-Rank monster, I finish it with one slash .

When mixing the Acid Starfish’s paralytic poison with medicinal plants, it can be used as anesthetics . Rather, it’s a monster whose materials are not worth the time .

However, it would be difficult to extract the poison here, so I just store it whole into the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Ah, Crab-san~]

[Crab-san, defeat~]

A Sand Crab appeared this time . Three at once . Allen and Elena happily rush towards the crabs to defeat them .

I thought of helping since there are three crabs, but two of them were instantly defeated with one blow . It appears that helping is not necessary at all .

asdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdas

[………… Are?]

While coming out on the seashore, I noticed a certain reef . That is certainly…… looks familiar……

If it looks familiar, it means that it’s most likely from the implanted knowledge . When I look for that implanted memory, I immediately remember .

Ah, right! A dungeon!

That reef is the entrance to a dungeon .

The 53rd Dungeon “Sazanami1 . ” An Intermediate Class Water Dungeon .

I decided to stop by since we have a precious dungeon and we change course towards the reef .

There’s entrance to the dungeon in the sea .

When we pass through the entrance, there was a waterway that lasted approximately 50m . We will be fine because of the mermaid bracelets we have received, but people who don’t have them would have to dive all the way?

I don’t have any experience in diving, so I wouldn’t really know, but I have doubts about holding breath for such distance . Tens of seconds while swimming at full speed? There are people who can hold their breath for several minutes, so it’s not completely impossible, huh…

The waterway went down a little, and there was a dead end at the end . There’s a light overhead . It appears we can get out from up there .

When I cautiously look around from the sea surface, there was a hall-like place .

This seems to be the start point of the dungeon . I can see a transfer device in the center of the hall .

First of all, I lift up Allen and Elena to the edge of the hall and then I climb out of the water myself .

And then, when I check my guild card,[53rd Dungeon “Sazami” 0/30 floor]has been recorded .

There’s entrance in the inner part of the hall . Because there doesn’t seem to be any other places we may be able to enter, that must be the entrance to the first floor .

[Now then, what should we do?]

I had impulsively entered a dungeon, but I have returned from the sea I have just gotten used to . Actually, I was planning to go to the town of Bailey and rest for a while .

[[Let’s go~!]]

It seems that Allen and Elena are already full of intentions to go .

Although they don’t show fatigue, they are still five years old children . Because they don’t show fatigue, I want to take regular breaks, but…

[[Is ok~ay]]

[…………]

Recently, I have a feeling that Allen and Elena are able to read my thoughts .

…… My thoughts are not reflected on my face, are they?

It makes me worried a little .

[N~ Then, shall we go up to the tenth floor? Once we get there, let’s go take a break in the town]

[[Un!]]

The Sazanami Dungeon altogether has 30 floors . It’s an Intermediate Class dungeon .

In the case of an Intermediate Class dungeon, there are transfer devices every ten floors . Using the transfer device, it’s possible to resume the dungeon capture from the tenth floor next time . With that, we won’t waste time even if we take a break .

The arrangements are made so let’s begin the dungeon capture without reservation .

But, before that---

[It’s almost noon so let’s go after having a meal]

[[Un! Meal~!]]

[Is there anything you’d like to eat?]

[[N~……]]

N~ As for me, I would like to eat something warm .

We have been in the care of the Blue Waters Shirine--The Mermaids’ main meals are raw fish and shellfish sashimi, vegetables and seaweed salads that were cultivated in the Blue Waters Shrine .

Everything was very delicious, but because they are basically a race that doesn’t use fire, there were no warm dishes .

[[Furench Tosto!]]

While remembering the meals of the Blue Waters Shrine, Allen and Elena has apparently decided . Their request is a sweet French Toast with plentiful of honey .

They didn’t request a lot of honey themselves, but “French Toast = plentiful of honey” is fixed for the twins .

[Let’s see…… let’s make a French Toast with a warm soup then?]

[[Un]]

[Then, will you help me with the making of the French Toast?]

[[Will help~]]

When I put eggs and sugar into a bowl, Allen presses down the bowl with his both hands as I was used to, and Elena began mixing the egg .

Because the French Toast is Allen’s and Elena’s most favorite dish, I have made it many times and had the two help me each time .

When the egg scrambled, I put milk in the bowl . This time, Elena pressed down on the bowl, and Allen starts mixing .

[[Done~]]

[Thank you]

It seems they have already completely mastered the egg mixing for the French Toast .

I thoroughly soak bread in the egg mixture the two children made, melt butter in the frying pan and start cooking . Once done, I place the toasts on a plate and pour honey over it .

For the soup, let’s have the pre-made vegetable consommé soup . Pour it in the cups, and .

Yosh! It’s completed .

[It’s done~]

[[Ye~s]]

[Then, itadakimasu]

[[Itadakima~shu]]




Chapter 46

After finishing our lunch, we immediately start with the capture of the first floor .

[《Light》]

When I turn on the light and peek inside the entrance, there was a culvert-like place . A waterway with flowing water in the center . And a pathway people can walk on both of its sides .

Because it’s a single, straight path we don’t hesitate to advance . I was just concerned on which side of the waterway to walk, but because it was a jumpable distance between both sides, I have decided to walk on the left side for now .

With nothing happening for a while, the waterway split in the shape of T .

[Which way shall we go?]

[[There~]]

[Yosh, left it is]

Allen and Elena pointed to the left simultaneously .

When I inquire which way to go just like I did during the previous dungeon capture, the two point without hesitation .

Left means that we don’t have to jump across the waterway .

As we advance, an obviously poisonous purple frogs with yellow dots jumps out from the water .

E-Rank monster, Poison Frog .

[Allen, Elena . Because this fellow has poison, use magic . I leave the one in front of you in your care . --《Air Shot》]

To make it easier for Allen and Elena to aim, I clean up all Poison Frogs except the one in front of them with a wind bullet .

[[Ye~s--《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

They have practiced magic on rocks . Therefore, it’s Allen’s and Elena’s first time shooting a moving target .

Allen and Elena aimed their water balls straight ahead and shot and the Poison Frogs .

However, because of a slight movement of the Poison Frog, the water balls missed . Was it truly accidental that the water balls the two shot landed at the same place?

[[Muu~]]

Allen and Elena make slightly frustrated expressions .

I know I shouldn’t laugh in this situation, but because the two’s expression was so adorable I broke into a smile .

[Cough…… Allen, Elena . Try aiming one more time . You can do it]

[[Un . --《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

This time, the two’s water balls hit the Poison Frog .

[[It hit~!]]

[Good, good~ Well done]

A bottle filled with Poison Frog’s poison appeared at the place of the Poison Frog . Allen and Elena swiftly pick it up and jump at me .

Seriously cute~

[Shall we practice magic like this for a little more?]

[[Un!]]

When I ask while stroking the two’s heads, they cheerfully answer .

After that, we smoothly advanced, and when a monster appeared, Allen and Elena defeated it with magic .

What appeared next were slimes . Fruit jelly made with the slime jelly it drops is quite delicious . Because I have a certain feeling that slime jelly can be used for something else besides fruit jelly, we assertively defeat it and collect the drops .

Which reminds me, all slimes here we have defeated until now were light blue in color . The slime jelly it drops is semi-transparent, odorless and tasteless, but the color of the slimes here is different from the previous dungeon . Is the slime jelly dropped from different colored slimes the same?

I’m afraid to say that Syl’s implemented knowledge doesn’t have anything on this . Maa~ On the contrary, if there was a detailed knowledge about the ecology of slimes, that would actually be quite unpleasant……

Because it doesn’t look like we will come across slimes different than the light blue ones here, I’m looking forward to the next dungeon .

Allen and Elena beat the monster that appeared one after another .

Water Lizard, Sand Crab, Big Lobster…… Only when there were a lot of monsters, I reduced their numbers first and let Allen and Elena fight one on one as much possible .

But, they are already getting used to it, so it will be alright to let them deal with multiple enemies soon? The amount of magical power they have left is still okay . Shall we try without thinning out the numbers next time?

[[Found~]]

About an hour after entering the first floor, Allen and Elena found a staircase to the next floor .

This Dungeon of Ripples seems to be slightly bigger than the Dungeon of Earth . But, I feel like the difficulty in this Intermediate Class dungeon isn’t that different from the Beginner Class one .

The monsters appearing are of F and E ranks……

Is it like this because this is a lower floor? Will the degree of difficulty gradually increase from now on?

I descend the staircase while thinking so .

The second floor isn’t different from the first one .

[[《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

The moment we get down, a Poison Frog appeared . Allen and Elena instantly killed it with magic .

It appears that the children have gotten used to the magic already .

[You are so skillful . I have no words!]

[[Heee~]]

When I praise them, Allen and Elena bashfully smile . Seriously, my children are too cute!

[[Ah, there~]]

While in agony because of Allen’s and Elena’s cuteness, the two suddenly found a secret room .

I confirm whether a trap is there or not and slowly slide the door open .

A treasure chest is in the middle of the room . A treasure chest the size of the extent where I would have to hold it with both of my hands . There’s neither a trap or a key needed to open the chest . Iya~ Having appraisal in situations like this is quite nice~

[[Can open~?]]

[You can . It’s safe]

When Allen and Elena open the chest, there was a large amount of shrimps inside . Shrimps bright red as the Whiskered velvet shrimp . Botan shrimp-ish?

They are not alive, but they are fresh as if just caught .

[[What is this~?]]

[Un? These are shrimps . It’s food]

[[Delish~?]]

[Aah~… I have never eaten this shrimp . But, shrimps are delicious]

[[Can eat~?]]

[Eh? Raw!? No, wait!]

Can shrimps be eaten raw? Ah! Appraisal doesn’t show edibility!

Why does it not have such needed info!?

[Allen, Elena . I will make a delicious dinner using these shrimps later, how about we don’t eat it right now?]

[[? Un . Understand]]

Ha~ I’m glad Allen and Elena are not selfish children~ Because there are children that have to have their own way even if told not to do something . I’m sincerely glad that they are obedient children~

In fact, I think that there won’t be any problems if eaten raw, but it’s better to stop them just in case . As compensation, I will cook a delicious shrimp dish, okay!

I pull myself together, and we continue to advance . 2-4 floors went favorably without an accident .

We found several treasure chests on the way, but they were all full of seafood . A pure white shrimps, clams, kelp, bonito flakes1, etc . Of course, I gratefully accepted it all .

Especially bonito flakes! I have received small dried fish from the Water God Retainer-sama, but bonito flakes weren’t among them .

I like soup stock with katsuobushi the most . Therefore, I was a bit happy~ Because even if you have bonito, it takes a time to make bonito flakes .

We smoothly advance forward and are on the fifth floor at the moment .

[[Found~]]

The time is good, so let’s end today’s capturing here . It’s just a right time since Allen and Elena found a staircase to the sixth floor .

Since that’s the case, let’s make a dinner . Today’s meal is Evil Viper meat I have completely forgotten about served with rice .

Iya~ It was a snake with evil appearances, but the meat was soft and delicious . As expected of A-Rank monster .

Although it’s a rare high-class ingredient, I have secured 100kg of meat . One hundred grams is enough for us to have one meal . Therefore, we won’t run out for a while . Rather, I think I secured way too much…… Oh well .

After that, I boiled the shrimps we got during the day with salt . I thought trying it simple for now .

It was just salted, but it was delicious .

[[Delish~]]

Allen and Elena were also satisfied with the Evil Viper and shrimps .

Now then, our stomachs are full so let’s take it easy and sleep .




Chapter 47

When the dawn breaks, we have a light breakfast and resume the capture .

Today, we are starting on the sixth floor .

It is originally a maze, but it’s getting slightly complicated . Hidden passages are now harder to find .

[[Yaa!]]

Once they finished the magic training, Allen and Elena are free to fight as they like, causing their kicking style to explode . It seems they like martial arts more than magic .

But, they appear to remember my warnings about not approaching poison monsters as they are properly defeating them with magic .

[Oops, wait a moment!]

It’s Impact Shell . That’s a shell monster, but it releases a shock wave when hit . Because of that, you have to make a distance when attacking it .

[You have to attack that from bigger distance than usual]

[[Ye~s]]

I inform Allen and Elena, and they take distance from the Impact Shell . Then, I hit the Impact Shell with a light magic that wouldn’t defeat it .

And immediately, bon, the sound broke, and vibrations passed through . It’s this faint because we are far away from it, the impact in the vicinity of the Impact Shell is considerably large .

[See? It’s okay when you defeat it in one blow, but as you have seen, you could get injured so let’s defeat it from a distance just in case, okay?]

[[Understood~]]

When Allen and Elena reply in consent, I shoot magic again and defeat the Impact Shell .

Which reminds me, I haven’t looked at Allen’s and Elena’s status for a while now . I though so and confirmed it--

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Allen (Elena)

【Race】Human?

【Occupation】Fighter

【Age】5

【Level】25

【Skills】

Water Magic | Hand-to-hand Combat | Evasion

Throwing | Swimming | Presence Detection

Jumping | Telepathy

Gathering | Arithmetics

Abnormal Status Resistance

【Titles】

Water God’s Child

Conqueror of Low-Grade Dungeon

＝＝＝＝＝

What I notice first is that the question marks have disappeared . It clearly states【Water God’s Child】now .

Although I don’t know if it’s because I figured out their identity or because the level of my appraisal has increased .

I don’t think it’s about the amount of magical power like in Kaiser’s case .

…… Still, this is bad . I’m level 27 at the moment . It turns out that Allen’s and Elena’s level is not that different from mine now .

Even though it should have considerably increased when I defeated the Evil Viper . They caught up all too soon .

Is is that? The hunting competition with Joule and others during our trip from Shirin? They have defeated quite the number of monsters that time…… The monsters of Gaya Forest are overall strong, it seems they raised their levels smoothly .

As expected, being lower level than the two would be uncool…… But, you see…… these children love fighting so much, refraining them would be a bit, right~

But, even so, it’s impossible to level while the children sleep because they sleep sticking close to me .

U~n, this is difficult……

For now, let’s train at least the proficiencies . Because I don’t have to defeat monsters to train proficiencies, all I have to do is practice when I’m free . Un, let’s do that .

I have to be especially careful with the water magic!

[[This~]]

[Thank you]

Allen and Elena brought me the Impact Shell’s drop item .

It’s a string sticking out from cylinder made from paper…… This, this is a cracker, right?

＝＝＝＝＝

【Cracker】

When the string is pulled, a light exploding sound will come out from the cylinder part .

Just right for startling people .

＝＝＝＝＝

…………… It’s the very cracker, alright . A strange thing appeared again .

However, the description! “Just right for startling people,” that isn’t the original use!

A cracker is intended for parties, not for startling people . Although I have used it to startle people, state the original use in the description properly!

[[This, wha~t is?]]

[N? This is called a cracker, and when you pull this string, pan, it will make a loud sound . Do you want to try it?]

Since we obtained it, let’s try how much loud of a sound it makes .

[[Want~]]

[Then, turn this part away from you . You can’t aim it towards yourselves and other people, okay? Then, will you two pull the string together?]

[[Ye~s]]

While I hold the cylinder, Allen and Elena hold the string and at the count of[One~two], Allen and Elena pull on the string .

--Paan!!

[!!!!]

[[Hiyaa!]]

The moment the string was pulled, the cracker made a loud explosive sound .

My ears are ringing .

The sound was louder than I expected . Allen and Elena scream in a startle, cling to my legs and tremble .

Who was the one who wrote the description Just right for startling people!?

This is already a lethal sound weapon! Moreover, not only the other party, you also inflict considerable self-damage .

[Allen, Elena, sorry . It startled you, didn’t it?]

[[Uu~]]

The two are slightly teary eyes . I’m really sorry .

Anyway, let’s embrace the two and soothe them .

Afterwards, when the defeated Impact Shell dropped Crackers, Allen and Elena didn’t approach them .

This didn’t become a trauma or something, right? They just don’t want to approach it, right?

I also thought about leaving the Crackers behind, but couldn’t this item be used by handing it to the opponent and letting him self-destruct? Because I thought so, I reconsidered and picked it up .

I thought using it when coming across a nasty fellow like Baron Gilbert .

Since it’s not an excessively known item, I thought the opponent may want to get his hands on it out of curiosity .

Nothing in particular has happened after the Cracker incident and we have advanced smoothly .

Maa, the rate at which we encountered monsters has increased? Only to that degree .

So, we are currently on the ninth floor, but…… Oops, a Water Lizard is sticking to the ceiling .

At any rate, it’s huge . A lizard as big as a human child…… If I had to say, newt-ish?

It can stick to the ceiling without falling quite well~

[Allen, Elena . Look for a bit--《Water Needle》]

The water flowing in the waterway changes into a sharp needle and pierces the Water Lizard .

It’s a magic where you compress the original source of water and change its shape to attack .

I had defeated it properly as the Water Lizard turned into a drop item . “Water Lizard’s Tail,” it says . What can this item be used for? Maa, let’s put it in the《Infinite Storage》for now .

[Did you see it? Do you want to practice magic by changing the water’s shape like this?]

[[Un, will do~]]

Allen and Elena are already accustomed to the Water Ball enough, so I thought it’s time for them to learn something new .

[[《Wat~er Niidoru》]]

Allen and Elena turn towards a Water Lizard sticking to a wall and cast the spell .

Many Water Lizards are sticking on the walls as we advance . It’s a perfect place for Allen and Elena to practice so they take care of them one after another .




Chapter 48

After hunting Water Lizards to our heart’s content, we have decided to suspend the capture and take a break because we have found the staircase to the 10th floor .

That being the case, good morning .

It’s finally the 10th floor today . There should be the transfer device on this floor so let’s aim for that!

Oh, before that, breakfast . Now then, what shall we eat~ …… Freshly baked bread, sunny-side-up fried eggs, and a wiener . Is it okay with potage soup?

Allen and Elena are not picky . No, wrong… They love Cream bread and French toast, so they have no “food they dislike . ”

Maa~ anyhow, since they are eating so deliciously, it’s worth making it .

After we finish the breakfast, we resume the capturing right away .

The 10th floor is identical to the past floors with a waterway in the middle and space to walk on the sides .

Allen and Elena choose the passage on the right, and after several minutes of walking, we have encountered a large cast of Sand Crabs .

[[Yaa!]][[Too!]]

Allen and Elena smoothly annihilated them at once, though .

Crab legs and Crab shells are rolling on the ground together with drop items .

Which reminds me, I have not tried the Kani Nabe1 yet . Should I try making it for today’s dinner~

Following, a large lounge of Water Lizards have appeared .

[[〈Wat~er Niidoru〉]]

They precisely penetrate the Water Lizards sticking to the walls with Water Needles .

They learned this magic just yesterday yet they have already mastered it . They really do learn quick……

Overtaking me is a matter of time…… kusun (Crying)

◇ ◇ ◇

[Is this it……]

After smoothly advancing while defeating monsters on the way, we found a door similar to the door which led to the boss room in the Dungeon of Earth .

There’s no point in staying here any longer so when I touch the door, it’s starts shining as I expected--and with a gigigi sound, it slowly opens .

It’s the same phenomenon as in the Dungeon of Earth . I was somehow surprised the last time, but it’s not so surprising the second time, huh .

However, I was surprised when the door opened .

Most of the room is filled with water . The area around the door is a land, and then there’s a something like a small island in the center . Otherwise, everything is water .

Looking at the water from the surface, it seems to be quite deep .

A long bridge is suspended straight between the place we are staying at and the island . It seems we have to go to the island .

I have decided to cross the bridge while paying attention to both sides as there are no handrails . Something will jump out of the water at us without a doubt .

[《Wind Cutter》]

As expected, something has jumped at us from the water . Shooting it down with magic, it was Arrowfish .

Arrofish is a fish with long and narrow appearances similar to an otter, the tip of its body resembles a terrifying arrowhead . And, as the name suggests, it’s a fish monster that jumps from the water at considerably speeds just like an arrow .

Because it’s movements are monotone, it’s considered as a lowly F-Rank monster .

However, it wasn’t just that Arrowfish .

After the first Arrowfish, more and more Arrowfish came flying at us from both sides one after another .

[《Winder Cutter》]

[[《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

I shoot down the Arrowfish with magic together with Allen and Elena .

The troublesome thing is that Arrowfish lives in groups . You will certainly have a painful experience if you neglect them for being F-Rank .

After shooting down about 100 of them, it has finally calmed down . Was this the all for now?

Looking at the water’s surface, a lot of Arrowfish drop items are floating in the water . Most of it are arrows .

Due to the flow of water…… the drop items that fell away from the bridge were drifting towards us, making it easy to pick them up .

Nevertheless, arrows, huh……

I have wanted to try archery in a long time ago . Maa, I wanted to, but never actually tried .

Why, you ask? I was scared of shooting myself, didn’t I……

…… It shouldn’t be a problem now . I should buy a good bow and try practicing .

Which reminds me, the guild is offering short courses on weapon handling . In that case, I may also learn how to handle weapons other than the bow, such as sword or spear .

We arrive at the island in the center while picking up the items, and I start feeling monster presence again . I wonder if Arrowfish will start jumping at us again?

[Allen on the left, Elena on the right . Can you do it?]

[Un! Allen will work hard~]

[Elena too . Elena will work hard too~]

I point with my finger and show them the direction they are in charge of . Allen and Elena stay in front, each taking care of their side while I stay behind covering left and right from behind .

Allen and Elena returned reliable replies .

[《Wind Cutter》]

[[《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

As expected, more Arrowfish came flying .

Allen and Elena shoot down the Arrowfish on their respective sides one after another . It’s a situation where they have to fire magic continuously, but Allen and Elena don’t panic .

After shooting down enough to forget to count, the monster presence finally disappeared .

Does it end with this?

When I look at the water’s surface after defeating the last Arrowfish, it was full of arrows and small blue magic stones .

Besides that, a short, small spear? was there . Perhaps a javelin?

Speaking of which, it felt like there were one or two larger individuals every 30 or so fish . I didn’t confirm, but is that the drop from it?

Before I notice, another bridge which is leading away from the island towards a hole in a wall has appeared .

This is apparently the end, it doesn’t seem like monsters will come flying at us on the other bridge .

[[Onii~ chan, look, look . Many~]]

[That’s amazing~ You two really worked hard~]

[[Ehehe~]]

Allen and Elena are holding arrows they have picked up in both of their hands .

They worked hard shooting the Arrowfish with magic, and they even picked up the dropped items on their own, seriously hard working and good children~

Good boy, good girl, when I pat the two, they become bashful . Kawaii~

[Can I ask you to help me collect more?]

[[Un!]]

With Allen and Elena’s help, we have finished collecting the dropped items .

Then, let’s go to the opposite bank at once . When I thought about crossing over, Allen and Elena pulled on my clothes .

[N? What’s the matter?]

[Onii~ chan, bellow]

[Something’s there~]

[Eh? Down in the water?]

[[Un!]]

It appears that Allen and Elena have noticed something in the water .

I think it’s apparent that it’s not a living creature . Because if it was a living creature, I should be able to detect it myself .

As I’m unable to sense not living beings, if Allen and Elena say there’s something in there, then there’s something in there .

[It looks safe, want to take a dive?]

[[Un!]]

First of all, let’s dive in and confirm .

There’s no need to prepare anything because of the Mermaid bracelet, so we can go in without hesitation .

[Ah, a treasure chest]

The water is surprisingly deep, but as the water is clear, I was able to see a treasure chest at the bottom immediately .

To think it would be at a place like this…… Allen and Elena did well noticing~

After checking the presence of a trap and opening the box, there was a Mermaid bracelet in the treasure chest .

It must be quite rare since it’s in a treasure chest . However, because we already have it, the surprise was reduced by half?

But, if there’s spare, I can use it for Joule or others, so I will gratefully accept it .

Since there wasn’t anything else besides the treasure chest, we leave from the water and cross the bridge . When I looked to the inner part from the entrance, there was a small room as expected .

There was a staircase leading down and a transfer device installed next to it .

[Then, shall we go?]

[[Un!]]

I take Allen and Elena, touch the transfer device, and we return to the hall on the first floor .

Now then, we have achieved our objective, let’s make a lavish meal of Kani Nabe!




Chapter 49

After successfully capturing the tenth floor, we have returned to the hall on the first floor where we spend the night .

Of course, we have thoroughly enjoyed Kani Nabe for dinner . I used miso based soup and used not only crabs but also other seafood such as shrimps and plenty vegetables .

Sand Crabs are really delicious . Allen and Elena stuffed their cheeks full . They were chewing with inflated cheeks, looking like cute squirrels~

And the next morning, we have arrived in Bailey .

When we entered the town, we headed towards the harbor first . Bailey is connected to a sea, so many boats are coming in and out of the harbor .

Fishing boats and merchant ships transporting people and goods to other countries . Large and small ships are lined up in the harbor .

Despite it being early in the morning, the square near the harbor is crowded with many people .

It’s a morning market . The fresh marine products caught in the morning are being sold here .

There are also many stalls where you can eat on the spot .

We have not eaten breakfast this morning yet . I thought that such place would be in a harbor town, so we came here early in the morning .

We have spotted many street stall and shops while looking around .

A shop selling fresh fish . A shop selling fish and shellfish grilled on a charcoal fire . A considerable variety of seafood is being sold .

Oh, this shop is selling scallops .

This stall is selling scallops in shells on top of a grill . The muscles of these scallops are larger than of the Yesso Scallops I’m familiar with .

[Hello]

[Ou, welcome . These were caught just this morning . Would you like to eat some?]

[They look delicious . Is this seasoned with salt?]

[Yeah, that’s right]

[If possible, I would like to season it myself, is it okay?]

[A different seasoning? Well, I don’t mind]

[Then, can I have three?]

[These are almost done . Are these fine?]

[Yes . Then……--]

I pay the money and place a piece of butter on top of the muscles . When the butter melts, I sprinkle it with soy sauce .

The butter and soy sauce heat up in a blink of an eye and a delicious smell floats around .

It’s butter-soy sauce grilled scallop . Scallops should be done like this when it comes to grill, right?

[Allen, Elena . It’s hot so be careful when eating, okay?]

[[Ye~s]]

When I hand the hot shells to Allen and Elena after transferring it on a plate, the two fuufuu… cool it down and start eating .

[Allen, Elena . How is it? Delicious?]

[[Delish~]]

Seeing Allen and Elena eat so deliciously, I take the big scallop and eat too .

Terrific! Delicious!!

The muscle is so tender and delicious . Moreover, because it’s so big, I got quite filled with just one .

[[Onii~ chan, delish~?]]

[Un, delicious]

Somehow, I feel warm and fluffy~

[S, smells really good . Niichan, I understand the first thing was butter, but what was the dark liquid?]

[It’s a sap from a tree called Koikuchi which grows in dungeons, it’s seasoning called Soy Sauce . Would you like to try?]

[I, is that okay!? Please!]

The stall owner who watched us eat seemed to want to try it too . The fragrance of butter and soy sauce is really appetizing after all .

When I asked if he wants to try, he immediately bit the bait . Therefore, when I finished making the scallop with the same procedure as before, the stall owner immediately chomped it down .

[Delicious!! What is this, I have never tasted something so delicious . So good!]

Super-high praise . The stall owner finished eating in a blink of an eye .

I know it’s delicious, but let’s calm down a bit . If you shout so loud, you will attract the attention of the surroundin--

[Oyaji, that looks delicious . I’d like to eat that too!]

[Me too!]

[Give me some too~]

[I would like some too]

Are? The surroundings had gathered before I noticed…… It appears that the passersby already gathered because of the fragrance .

[[Ah~]]

Unconsciously, the stall owner and I leak out a voice .

[Niichan…… could you lend me that soy sauce?]

[Maa, I’m also responsible, I don’t mind]

I obtained quite a lot of soy sauce in the town of Shirin, so there’s no problem selling a bottle to this uncle .

Rather, butter and soy sauce scallops are not a product here . If I said something wrong, the people here would probably riot .

[Sorry about that~ By the way, could you lend me some butter too?]

[Ah~ Sure]

Lured by the fragrance, customers seeking butter and soy sauce scallops formed a queue .

The stall owner stuffed the grill with scallops to the limit .

Because I couldn’t just feign ignorance and leave, I was in charge of putting butter and soy sauce over the scallops .

Allen and Elena who finished eating their scallops were clinging to my legs while quietly observing the situation .

[Sorry . We are sold out!]

The scallops ran out of stock in no time . People who hadn’t eaten yet walked away from the stall with disappointed expressions .

To be honest, I didn’t expect such thing to happen .

[To be sold out so early, it’s my first time since setting the stall up . Niichan, sorry, you even had to help me~]

[Iya~ I was surprised that so many people came~]

[You don’t see such seasonings around here after all . The tempting appetizing smell makes it even better . Everyone would get attracted by it]

From talking more, it appears that every stall only uses salt as seasoning .

I guess it will be delicious just because it’s fresh, but having the same taste in every shop……

[Nevertheless, I had sold it because of the course of events, was that okay? Or……]

The stall owner is fidgeting for some reason . He’s hesitating to ask something . Un, a fidgeting old man is not cute at all .

This is that . The same attitude Road-san had when I made Cream bread .

[No problem . If you want to sell it, do as you please]

[Really!?]

It’s just pouring over some seasoning, it’s not that different from the original dish .

It’s just--

[However, please supply the seasoning by yourself]

[Of course!]

If he uses up the soy sauce, he has to secure more by himself . I had to make that point clear .

[Oh, right! Niichan, take this]

The stall owner held out a bucket which was laying aside at the stall . Inside were without a doubt, scallops .

Are? Wasn’t he sold out?

[These are slightly smaller than the ones I sell . The are smaller in size, but I can guarantee the taste]

The stall owner says he can’t sell them, but they are big enough to eat .

[Is that okay?]

[Sure . I think it’s little lacking as thanks, but please accept them]

[Thank you very much]

After I had received the scallops, the owner went looking for a store selling soy sauce, so we have separated . Leaving the stall as is……

[He left]

[[Left~]]

Maa, the stalls on both sides should be owned by his acquaintances, so it’s probably okay……

[Allen, Elena, you can still eat, right? What would you like to eat next~?]

[[Ntone~…… That~]]

I made them wait a while, but let’s continue the breakfast?




Chapter 50

After the meal, we have looked around the stalls in the morning market .

Anyhow, there are many marine products displayed . From the familiar fish and shellfish to colorful tropical fish . Sometimes, we would see poisonous fish, but all that was also edible seafood .

I was troubled what to buy because there were so many different kinds, but I have asked the people in charge for a recommendation and decided to buy that . Thereupon, before I realized, I have purchased a massive amount of marine products .

Honestly, have I bought too much? Is that I thought at first, but on Aetherdia, fish can be only obtained on the sea side, so I won’t be able to get more when we move inland . I have decided to buy as much as I can .

After finished shopping, we went through the morning market square and strolled along the shopping street . There, I a blacksmith caught my eye, so I decided to take a look .

[Excuse me~]

[Ou . Customer?]

When entering the store and calling out, an Oyaji-san showed his face from inside .

[Would you be able to refine this?]

What I show him is Leviathan’s---Kaiser’s scale .

I have split them in suitable sizes .

When resting in the dungeon, I tried to break it with a tool and it unexpectedly easily broke just as Kaiser said .

It’s just that because it really broke, the fragments were sharp and could inflict an injury if carelessly touched .

[Let me take a look . …… Not a stone . A scale? Nevertheless, it’s quite thick and heavy . Besides, this magical power……… No way!!!?]

As expected, handing him a scale just as I received would be bad . I split it thinking such, but it seems it can’t escape a trained eye .

The blacksmith Oyaji-san stares at me in surprise .

[This is not something that you can find on the ground]

[Ah~ Is that so~]

Dragon scales don’t fall off easily .

No, I said it wrong . When it’s time for a dragon to replace its scales, the old scales will come off in its nest, you can hardly find dragon scales away from the dragon’s nest .

Another thing is that it can’t be obtained by hurting a dragon, it has to be defeated . However, aside from sub-dragons, superior dragons are something that humans seldom challenge .

Because of that, Leviathan’s scales are something to revere .

Oyaji-san asks me where did I find something that’s almost impossible to obtain at the market .

[W, where did you get it?]

[…… It’s a present]

[Something so precious, who would just give it you!]

[That’s strictly confidental]

[………]

Even if I say that I got it from Leviathan himself (dragon at roots)? he wouldn’t believe…… Rather, he would doubt my sanity .

He seems to be interested as a craftsman, but don’t inquire about it too deeply, please .

[It’s natural that something like this has to be secret, huh…… so, you want me to polish this?]

[Yes . I don’t want to get hurt while carrying it . And then, I would like to make a hole big enough for a strap, but]

[Certainly, it would be dangerous if left as is . To scrap and polish to the degree that you won’t get injured…… Maa, I think I could manage somehow, but…… A hole would be impossible . If I’m to make a hole forcibly, it will break without a doubt]

[Eh, is that so?]

…… Hey, Kaiser, I’m going to have a hard time making it into an ornament, though .

What should I do? I think it will be easy to lose by just putting it into a pocket~

[Ou, Rudi! Rudius! Come here for a bit!]

[What’s the matter, Boss?]

The Rudius that came from inside after being called by Oyaji-san is a slender man in his late twenties .

That would be the case~ As expected, this Oyaji-san is the boss here .

[Are, a customer? tte, why is Boss tending the store?]

[Rather than that, are you able to make an ornament out of this?]

[N? What is this? A stone? Although beautiful, it doesn’t seem to be a gem . …… So, Master . This is?]

[A fragment of Water Dragon’s scale]

[Wwha!!? Seriously?]

[I have no doubts . He says he wants to make this into an ornament . You are good at that, aren’t you?]

He’s a worker here, and it seems his specialty is craftsmanship rather than smithing .

[I would like a pendant if possible, but]

[Please, wait a moment . Umm, polishing would be best . This is weaker than silver…… Then, maybe a holy silver……---]

Rudius-san smoothly draws a design on the paper at the counter .

It’s a pendant of a blue fragment of the scale enclosed in metal fringe . A fine design is carved on the metal parts .

Although simple, it’s quite delicate design . I like it .

[How about this?]

[Looks wonderful . Allen, Elena, what do you think?]

[Cool~]

[Pretty~]

Allen and Elena seem to like it too .

[Can I request you to make that?]

[Because steel and silver would be defeated by this scale, I have to make it from materials that won’t lose out . Doing that will increase the price by a lot, but……]

[What kind of material would you use for example?]

[As expected, Mithril would be the best……]

Oh, Mithril! As expected, it’s this mineral when it comes to fantasy!

[Is the supply of the materials a problem?]

[Umm…… Boss! Is it okay to use the Mithril in the stock?]

[Yeah, there’s not enough left to make a weapon, but there should be enough for a pendant]

The materials seem to be all right . I would like you to make it, but there’s one modification I would like to make in the design .

[I would like to as for something other than a metal chain if possible]

I am not fond of the jingling feeling around my neck . Therefore, something like a leather strap would be ideal if possible .

[Other than metal, huh~ If not a monster leather…… Mithril Spider’s thread would be nice~ Boss~ Can’t we somehow get our hands on it~]

[Don’t be silly! How could we obtain something so precious t hat easily! Even if it appears on the market, it will get immediately bought!]

Mithril Spider…… Isn’t that a rare monster than mutates after consuming Mithril?

The Mithril’s special characteristics appear on the web of the spider . Rather, it matches one of the items I have received from Syl……

[Is this enough?]

[Eh!? Eeeeehーー!! I, isn’t that!! Mithril Spider’s threaaad~!! Why do you have it!?]

When I retrieve Mithril Spider’s thread from《Infinite Storage》and show it to Rudius-san, he freaks out .

[Water Dragon’s scale is one thing, but you even have Mithril Spider’s thread……]

Boss sighs deeply .

I understood that it’s a rare material, but…… I see, so this is the normal reaction……

I have surprised a lot of people recently, so I feel that I’m getting immune to surprises .

[Then, three of those, please]

[Haaaaa!?]

When I take another two scale fragments, he freaks out again .

Un . I knew he would have such reaction .

[Three you say… perhaps!?]

[It’s for these children, you know?]

If Kaiser is able to sense us because of that, I would definitely like for Allen and Elena to carry them too .

[How extravagant!]

[When it comes to Water Dragon’s scales, there are some water-related benefits, after all, ]

[…… That’s certainly the case, but…… However, I really appreciate that I would be able to make goods out of these rare materials . Then, since I will be making three, can I change the design, so they are not all the same?]

[Yes, I don’t mind . Especially Elena’s… I would like this child’s design to be more girlish . Isn’t that so, Elena?]

[Un!]

I don’t mind a simple one, but Elena’s should be more cute, right?

When confirming with her, she returned a positive reply . It seems a cute one would be better as expected .

[What about Allen? Do you have a request?]

[N~?]

It seems Allen doesn’t have any special request . He tilted his head for a bit, then shook left and right .

The two are always in sync, but they display their individual personalities at times like these .

[Then, what do you want to do about the scales’ powder that comes out during the polishing? Do you want to take it?]

[Powder? Are you not disposing of it?]

[You, that’s Water Dragon’s Scale, you know! Its powder is a wonderful material! Just by mixing it with molten metal while making armor will increase its hardness dramatically, you know!!]

…… I got scolded .

I see, even the powder can be used…… It seems that Kaiser’s scale is just that precious .

In the end, I decided to let the shop keep the powder, and they deducted it from the fee . Kaiser wouldn’t probably mind just this much powder .

Or rather, it would only collect dust in《Infinite Storage》if I kept it .

Once the order was complete, Rudius-san immediately returned to the back of the workshop with the materials .

With this, Kaiser’s scale will be safely turned into ornaments . I can’t wait for the completed goods~




Chapter 51

[Ah, that’s right . Boss, is it also possible to order protective gear made with self-brought materials?]

[Of course . What’s the material? Considering it’s lad, it must be leather and not metal?]

[Yes, that’s right . Can you make it with this?]

I retrieve a part of Evil Viper’s skin from《Infinite Storage》and show it to Boss .

I remembered that I wanted to make armor from this for myself and naturally for Allen and Elena as well .

[Wwha!? T, the hell is this!! This lustrous color . The quality of magical power…… Perhaps, is it Evil Viper!?]

[That’s correct . You recognized it as well]

Boss has recognized Evil Viper at a glance .

Craftsmen are amazing . Unless I use appraisal, I can’t tell from what monster the material is .

[Again! Taking out valuable things as toys . Seriously, where do you get your hands on all of this!!]

[Ah~ I have defeated that one]

Unlike Kaiser’s scale, I have sold Evil Viper to the guild . Because he could find out if he checked, I answered honestly .

[What you say!? You are an adventurer? What’s your rank?]

[A-Rank, more or less]

[Seriously!?]

I’m aware that I don’t look strong .

However, I have asked for armor in the first place, though? Did he think that I’m not an adventurer, but just need armor for traveling?

[I thought you weren’t ordinary, but…… . A-Rank, huh . Even though I have thought that I had an eye for adventurers after working for so many years…… You can’t judge people by their appearances, huh]

Ah, that . That’s similar to the words of the Shirin’s Adventurer’s Guild’s Guild Master . It appears that my condition is mismatched .

[Sorry…… I strayed away from the talk . So, protective armor, right? This is a rarely seen first-class material . If you want to use it, let me make it, by all means]

[Can you do Enchantment? I would like to have automatic size adjustment, but]

Enchantment means to give weapons, armors, accessories, or tools a magic effect .

Strengthening the tools, increasing durability…… There are many kinds of magic effects .

[Enchantment, huh~…… Certainly, if you use a material like this, you would like to have Enchantment~ But, that is impossible for me . Craftsmen who would be able to do that can be found only in the capital]

[Is that so?]

I see, so it’s not possible, after all~

People who can use Enchantment magic are few, to begin with . Furthermore, it rarely happens that such person is also a production craftsman .

Even if they are not a craftsman, locating someone who can do it and asking them to apply magic is also quite difficult .

[I wanted to make boots for these children, but……]

The boots we are wearing now is what Syl has actually prepared for us, it has automatic size, and automatic temperature adjustments, automatic repairment, dirt prevention effect, the boots are super first-class items .

However, I’m worried about the defensive aspect . Especially for Allen and Elena whose core is kicking .

Therefore, I thought of getting them battle-oriented boots that emphasized defense, but…… If the boots are made with Evil Viper’s skin, they should be resistant to both physical and magical attacks .

But you see~ Allen and Elena will only grow from now on . As expected, without automatic size adjustment, the shoes will become small all too soon .

There’s really no problem in making new shoes whenever they get bigger . I can earn enough money to buy good ones every time .

It’s just that we live a life where we move a lot because we are not settling in one place, I won’t be able to predict the timing to make new ones, the days involved in the production, etc .

But, after all, I’d like to make sure the shoes are perfect . N~ It appears that getting excellent armor is not as easy as it looks……

[For children? That’s some extravagance again . But, as the children grows, the size adjustments will be needed even more, right~ Kwu~ Even though it was finally my chance to handle a good material~]

Should I give on making the children’s boots this time? The current boots are sufficient enough for now .

Besides, it seems that I will be able to find a craftsman that can do Enchantment in the capital, so I should endure until then . That person might be able to make something excellent .

Boss looks very regrettable that he can’t process the Evil Viper’s skin…… He’s drowning in sorrow .

N~ Equipment that needs Enchantment would be impossible, but--

[My breastplate and so on--]

[Of course! Leave it to me!!]

…… I couldn’t speak until the end .

I see . He wanted to use the Evil Viper skin that much .

[Also, I would like to request gloves as well]

I would like a breastplate that could protect the heart . Ah~ But, wouldn’t vest or something be better?

Also, gloves for gathering . The gloves from normal leather are enough for the moment, but it will become a necessity depending on the plants .

Herbs that releases electricity when held, herbs that has to be held while blocking its magical power, there are many special plants .

I would probably want to pick them if found .

[Gloves! Those are certainly for lad, right?]

[Yes, that’s right~ And then, a gauntlet? I would like something that could cover my arm]

[Gauntlet? Not from metal, but leather? No, this leather is stronger than some metals, but . Or is it not a protective gear?]

[I keep a hawk . When that child lands on my arm, his claws digs in a little]

It’s alright at the moment if Bolt gently lands, but I thought I should have one just in case . I should just have one made .

[Ah, so that’s it . That’s just one arm then . Let’s take the measurements first]

[Ah, yes…… N?]

When Boss was about to start taking my measurements, Allen was pulling on my clothes .

[What’s wrong, Allen?]

[Allen wants too~]

[N? You want gloves?]

[Uun . Bolt’s~]

Bolt’s? …… Ah!

[Allen wants to hold Bolt on his arms as well?]

[Un!]

Allen unusually requested something on his own .

And it being a gauntlet for Bolt, what an adorable request .

Come to think of it, he was looking at the swords and armors since we have entered this store . As a boy, he would be interested in such things, after all?

[Alright . Let’s make one for Allen as well]

[Really~! Yatta~!]

[How about Elena?]

[N~?]

Allen was very pleased when I decided to have one made on for Allen too .

When I asked Elena if she wants a gauntlet for Bolt as well, she shook her head like she doesn’t need it . On the contrary to before, Elena did not show interest this time .

[Then, Boss . Make a gauntlet for this child as well, please]

[I don’t mind making it, but what do you want to do about the leather? You are surely not telling me to make this child’s gauntlet from Evil Viper skin too?]

[Ah~]

I wouldn’t mind it being made from Evil Viper skin just like mine, but if I tell that to Boss it would probably seem too outrageous~

[Let’s see~ A material that wouldn’t get pierced by the hawk’s claws while being light enough to not become a burden to this child . Anything is fine, would you be able to find an appropriate one?]

If the Evil Viper skin is not used, I don’t know what else may be good . It would be better to leave this to Boss .

[I see, in that case, leave it to me . That’s right, why don’t I make the gauntlet larger and fix the arm portion with straps? If I do that, he may keep on using it even after he grows to some extent]

[Yes . Thank you very much . Do that please]

What a delightful suggestion . It would be better if it could get adjusted with straps .

I immediately approved of Boss’s suggestion .

[Allen, is there anything else you want?]

[No, is fi~ne!]

Oya? He showed interest so I had thought he would like some kind of weapon or something, but…… Was he just curious?

Maa, isn’t that good for the moment?

I only have to buy him a weapon when he becomes bigger and interested .

After confirming our orders, we have left the store .

It will take about one week for all the items to be ready . I’m looking forward to finished products~




Chapter 52

(Yaa, Takumi-san . You seem well)

We came across a temple while strolling around the town, so I decided to stop by for the first time in a while .

When I entered inside, I went towards the stone statue and spoke to Syl as usual . Then, Syl immediately replied .

(Maa, that’s so . Rather than that Syl, I have heard about Allen and Elena)

I inform him that I know that Allen and Elena are Water God’s children just in case .

Syl might have already known that I know, though .

(…… Un . Sorry for keeping silent about it)

(I understand that Syl wasn’t at fault)

(Un, thank you)

(More importantly that that, what is Allen’s and Elena’s father doing?)

（………）

Syl became silent at my question . It appears he can’t tell me .

(…… I understand, I understand)

Haa…… I won’t hear more than this…… In the first place, I did not expect to hear much .

Nevertheless, Allen’s and Elena’s father--Just what kind of person is Water God-sama? As the appearances of Syl’s statue is exactly the same, there won’t probably be much difference from his statue, right?

Water God-sama’s appearances are the complete opposite of Syl’s androgynous-like look . He gives off very manly impression .

Naturally, he’s handsome . Besides, that . Hoso macho1 . How envious~

Muscles are something I have yearned for in a period of my life . However, since I was no good at exercising and muscles were hard to attain . Hoso macho…… that was a dream within a dream……

Oops, the talk got off point . Umm…… right, right appearances . Allen and Elena are also good-looking . I feel like they resemble Water God…… not that much?

Honestly, I can’t tell . Because the statue is all white, I can’t tell hair color and such~

I have a certain feeling that Water God-sama may be happy-go-lucky . As far as looking at the communication between Syl and Water God-sama’s Chief retainer . They seem to have some hardships .

Maa, isn’t that okay? If he butted in now and took Allen and Elena away, I would be lonely .

Ah, right, right . I wanted to ask Syl something today .

(Naa, Syl . (Temporary) has disappeared from the retainer in the race row, what does that mean?)

Right . A short after meeting Kaiser and acquiring【Telepathy】skill, I confirmed my status . At that time, I noticed that the (Temporary) had disappeared from the race row before I noticed .

(Un . Takumi-san, congratulations on your promotion)

(Haa?)

(Takumi-san has officially become my retainer~)

（Haaaa!?）

In my slightly absentminded ears, I hear Syl clapping his hands .

(It was slightly faster than I have expected~It was almost as planned)

………… Moreover, it was planned? You should have told me beforehand .

Rather, what is with this official retainer business! I didn’t hear anything about that .

As if perceiving my mind’s voice, Syl begins explaining regarding the official retainers .

(To become official retainer you see~ A symbol or perhaps should I say each has a role bestowed upon them when they become fully qualified)

Eh, symbol? Role?

(In other words, you are giving me work?)

(N~ It’s slightly different from work? In short, you look after your symbol . By the way, I’m the[Wind])

(So, what about me?)

（………）

（Syl?）

(……… It’s[Nurture]and[Education])

(……… Eh?)

Wait a moment…… What did Syl just say? …… Nurture and Education?

Why did something like that become my symbol? Is it related to Allen and Elena?

(Are? But, can something like that be a symbol of Wind God’s retainer?)

Because I’m Wind God’s retainer, nurture and education must be under Syl’s jurisdiction, right? He doesn’t have such image, though .

(That’s wrong![Nurture]and[Education]is Malianor-sama’s territory! It can’t be helped because Takumi-san has received Malianor-sama’s blessing, but~ Takumi-san is my retainer, you know? Why don’t you have a role related to the wind!?)

N? What, Syl unusually lost his temper…… Did I possibly touch a subject that shouldn’t be touched?

Did Syl lose his temper because my symbol is not related to the wind? Wich reminds me, he was making a fuss when it came to the attribute of the contracted beast too .

But, this is not something I can fix .

(It’s not as I have decided it, so there’s nothing I can do, right?)

(That is true, but……)

He’s like a sulking child……

(So, what should I do from now on?)

(Ah, yes . Umm, although you have become an official retainer, you will be alright if you continue as you were)

(Is that so?)

(Yes . As you know, nurturing those children is a sufficient duty . You are right on the mark . Ah, right! Takumi-san, there are items for you from Fire God)

(Haa!? Syl, wait a moment……--)

--Piron♪

Suddenly, Syl recalled some items and sent them to me . Before I could stop him, an electric sound of atrocity resounded…… When I timidly looked at the window screen, items with fire attributes were listed one after another . And outrageous amount at that .

Again!

This is really so abrupt I don’t know what’s what anymore . Why is Fire God-sama sending me items?

(Syl, I don’t know the reason behind this, but……)

(It’s gratitude for development of cooking on Aetherdia)

(N……?)

Development of cooking…… what is he talking about?

(Takumi-san, Kashi-pan is popular in Shirin, right? Currently, far from the whole Guardia, that Kashi-pan is spreading to other countries, you know~ Also the soup called miso you have made on the expedition with the Knights . That has already become Shirin’s staple product, you know!)

Eh? That’s news .

I saw Kashi-pan while walking around Bailey, so I thought that it was already introduced there~ but, isn’t it too early to spread to other countries?

I certainly made a miso soup during the expedition with the Knights . The Knights who tasted it asked how to make it, so I have taught them the existence of miso, but…… Not only the Knights but a staple of Shirin?

(Besides, the soy sauce dish you have cooked with will probably spread immediately as well . That will spread in no time, you know?)

(Soy sauce dish? tte, that thing, butter and soy sauce! There certainly was a queue for that, but wasn’t that just because it was unusual? That’s exaggerated~)

(I think that Takumi-san doesn’t know, but there has been no development of cooking on Aetherdia in the last several hundred years, you know? Although there were some changes, there were no new dishes that got popular like those of Takumi-san)

（You jest～）

That’s ridiculous . There’s no way there was no development in several hundred years, right?

I guess Syl is exaggerating a bit .

(There really was no development . That’s why nearly every dish no matter what ingredients is salt-based)

Certainly…… The meals we ate at the Inn were mostly seasoned with just salt .

If it’s only ingredients, it’s not that different from Earth, no…… it’s more abundant than that . Because there are the same ingredients as on Earth, then there are ingredients that drop from monsters, the number of ingredients is absolutely higher on Aetherdia .

But, even though the dishes aren’t bad, there’s not much variety .

Eeh!? Then, there really was no development for several hundred years!?

(If you eat an ingredient that is[Exquisite]just as it is, people will stop devising further, after all)

（………… I see）

Ah~ I think I can understand that~

Rather than untactfully seasoning meat, simply seasoning it with salt may give it the best taste or a supreme fruit that’s said to make you happy just by eating it as it is .

Rather than honing their cooking skills, they rather concentrate their efforts on how to obtain such ingredient .

(Because of that, the Fire God was in great joy . Cooking is Fire God’s territory, after all . Therefore, that’s the gratitude for that . Also, the bestowal of 【Fire Magic】skill and contracted beast has been prepared)

How grandiose . But, I would be glad to use fire magic . There are monsters that wind and water have a bad affinity with, after all . It’s not a bad thing to have at hand .

Also, a contracted beast, huh~ Now after it has come so far, I have no problems with having one more beast . I’m just worried about what kind of child it is .

(Listen well, Takumi-san . Next time, please do your best in the wind territory, okay!)

Although Syl has reminded me of that, it’s not something I can aim towards so it’s impossible . Give up .




Chapter 53

[[Ukyaa~]]

[Wafu~][Gau~]

The next day after arriving in the town of Bailey . I brought Allen and Elena to an unpopular coast . I had remembered that when we arrived at the sea, we have immediately met with Mirena-san and went to the mermaid village, so we couldn’t thoroughly enjoy the beach .

After arriving at the sea, Allen and Elena together with the summoned Joule and Feat charged into the sea .

[[Take~]]

[Wafu][Gau]

[[Ukyaa~]]

[Wafu~n][Gau~]

It appears that they have begun playing in the seawater at the shallow . Allen and Elena are splashing water at Feat and Joule with both of their hands .

They are not wearing the mermaid bracelets today . Because of that, Allen and Elena who went in fully clothed are drenched from head to toes . Maa, something like this may be good once in a while .

[Is Bolt not going to play?]

[Piii, pii]

He’s probably saying[I will have to decline] . Bolt quietly stays on my shoulder .

I gently stroke Bolt and sit on the sandy beach while watching the children play .

[Wafu][Gau]

[[Hiya~]]

Ah, Joule and Feat threw themselves on Allen and Elena, and a light basha~n noise resounded from the sea .

Oh boy . Maa, Joule, and Feat didn’t throw themselves on them with their full power, so they are probably not injured .

--Buruburuburuburu .

[[Unya~!!]]

When Allen and Elena got up, Joule and Feat shook, and all of the water in their fur flew out .

Ah~ That will of course splash water everywhere……

After finishing splashing water, Joule and Feat run away at full speed .

[Joule!!]

[Feat!!]

Allen and Elena began chasing after Joule and Feat who ran away .

Because Joule and Feat are not running away seriously, Allen and Elena catch up immediately, jump on and hug the backs of the two animals .

[[Caught~]]

Maa, they usually act as ordinary pets, but they are without a doubt, S-Rank beasts . If Joule and Feat were escaping seriously, as expected Allen and Elena wouldn’t be able to catch them so easily .

[[Kyaa~]]

[Wafu][Gau]

This time, Allen and Elena started running away . Joule and Feat chase after them . That’s definitely the game of tag .

[[Ah, crab~]]

While running around, chasing each other, a Sand Crab appeared before the two children and two animals .

[Wafu]

It was Joule’s turn to escape this time, so the Sand Crab got blow away by the legs of the running Joule . Peshi, Joule just lightly touched it with its forepaw . And yet, the Sand Crab got blown off and ceased to move .

Oi, oi, that was heartless just now…… it felt as if Joule was walking along the road and kicked a pebble . The opponent was a monster, but being knocked down before the battle even started is somewhat pitiful .

[Pii]

Bolt caught the Sand Crab that washed ashore in its feet and brought it to me .

It seems that both Joule and Bolt are pleased with the securing of the spoils of war . Let’s at least make something delicious from it .

--Basha

[Uwa!!]

W, what!?

The weather was nice and warm, so I have apparently dozed off a little . Then, a lot of water was came flying towards me…… I’m drenched from head to toes .

[[Ehehehe~]]

[Wafu~][Gau~]

We have done it, I saw children making such expressions . It seems that the children have splashed me with water .

[Piii]

Bolt has cried in a worry, but Bolt himself shrewdly evacuated . If you had enough time to evacuate, I would like you to inform me as well……

[Hey, you guys!]

[[Ukya~]]

[Wafu~][Gau~]

When I stood up, pretending to be angry, they have entered the sea . Then, the two children and two animals escape while swimming . Seeing how good time they have, they must know that I’m not really mad .

I stop at the depth where the water hits my knees, manipulate the seawater with water magic and make a large wave . I send that wave towards the children .

It’s that . The wave pool that’s in certain water parks . It has such feeling .

The wave washes the children bodies which floated on the sea surface ashore .

[[Kyahaha~]]

Allen and Elena were smiling after being swept by a wave . It seems they found it amusing .

[Onii~cha~n♪]

[One mo~re♪]

Allen and Elena who were carried ashore swam back to the open sea and requested me to do it again .

[Here, it’s coming~]

[[Ye~s]]

I make a wave with magic one more time, and the wave carries Allen and Elena back .

[[Kyahaha~]]

Allen’s and Elena’s laughter resounded again .

Because they apparently liked it, they asked me[One more time][One more time]many times over . Answering to their request, I repeat using water magic . This is unexpectedly good practice for water magic . After repeating it around ten times--

--Piron♪

[Oh]

This sound…… has the contracted beast that the Fire God sent arrived?




Chapter 54

I heard an electric sound just like when Feat and Bolt came, a big animal appeared in my field of vision and then it approached me .

[Haa!?]

…… Surely…… not?

A big lion with red fur has appeared in front of me .

Elephant size? Ah but, I have never seen an elephant up close so I can’t say for sure . But, it would be at least such size .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】

【Race】Scarlet King Leo (Takumi’s Contracted beast)

【Age】7

【Level】33

【Skills】

Fire Magic | Claw Slash | Roar | Charge | Crush

Shrink | Night Vision | Presence Detection

＝＝＝＝＝

Uwaa~…… an outrageous animal has turned up .

When I immediately check using appraisal, it’s without a doubt the contracted beast that the Flame God-sama has sent for me .

Scarlet King Leo is an S-Rank monster . Moreover, it’s ferocious monster often called with names such as[Man-Eating Lion],[Bloodthirsty Lion]or[Red Devil] .

I have nothing to criticize about its fighting power, but…… this, I can’t possibly take it along?

No matter how you look, isn’t it a target of fear?

[You have been sent by the Fire God-sama, right?]

[Garuru]

Un, just a little purr is so powerful because of its size .

[Ah~ Best regards . Umm, right…… Vector . You are Vector]

[Garu]

Is he happy? It looks fierce, but isn’t it unexpectedly affable?

[Ah~ Vector . Could you become smaller? I can’t see your face like this]

[Garu]

When I said so, Vector shone slightly and turned into a large-breed dog size lion .

A~…… Vector’s appearances are very characteristic so even though he became the size of a large dog, he’s still a red lion .

…… This, won’t it be revealed right away that he’s Scarlet King Leo even though he became small?

[[Vector~?]]

[Garu]

Before I noticed, Allen and Elena approached Vector . Not only the children, even the senior contracted beast came near .

[Allen, Elena . Vector is also one of our children starting today . Get along well~]

[[Un]]

[Joule, Feat, and Bolt too . It’s our new companion . Be good to each other~]

[Wafu][Gau][Pii]

Putting aside the appearances, I prepare a collar for Vector at once . Would a matching one with Joule and others alright?

◇ ◇ ◇

When I got out of the sea, I fixed our soaking wet appearances with life magic’s《Washing》and《Dry》 .

After that I prepared the magic tools for Vector--A similar collar and bracelet Joule and Feat have .

[Here comes~ There~]

[Wafu]

[Here as well~ There~]

[Gau]

Vector became completely familiar with everyone and begun to play on the sandy beach .

Right now, Allen and Elena are throwing balls made of wood, and the contracted beasts are fetching them .

[Vector too~]

[Here comes~]

[Garu]

After Joule’s and Feat’s turn, it was Vector’s turn next . But--

[[Are~?]]

[O, oi? Vector, where are you going~?]

Vector went past the thrown ball and started vigorously running . And then, he suddenly disappeared from my sight .

Should I chase after him? While thinking so, Vector immediately returned .

[………?]

N? Vector is holding something in his mouth…… Wwha!!?

[Uwa! Vector . What’s that in your mouth!?]

Vector came with a person in his mouth .

It’s a woman . Vector holds a woman by the nape of her neck and running while dragging her body along .

When seeing from afar, I though it was blood because I saw red . However, it wasn’t blood, but her long red hair .

Don’t startle me like that…… I thought for a moment that Vector had bitten a person to death .

When Vector returned to my side, goron, he dropped the person in his mouth on the ground .

[He, hey! Are you all right!?]

I confirm the woman’s safety in a panic .

There was no response when I shook with her . It’s no doubt that she’s alive, but…… has she blacked out?

[……… Zzz]

No, wrong…… she’s sleeping… huh…… .

[[Sleeping~?]]

[…… Seems like it]

Munyamunya, I can hear a faint sleeper’s breath . How can she sleep so soundly in such situation?

This, is she really just sleeping? But, I don’t see any external wounds~

[Uu…… hungry……]

…… Moreover, it appears that she’s hungry . How carefree~

First of all, let’s confirm her status--

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Vivian

【Race】Demon (Vampire)

【Occupation】Operative

【Age】147

【Level】54

【Skills】

Dagger Technique | Throwing

Darkness Magic | Life Magic

Dismantling | Fathom | Concealment | Leap

Stealthy Steps | Night vision

Lockpicking | Trap Disarm | Compounding

Magic Attack Resistance | Abnormal Status Resistance

【Titles】

Red Rose Princess

＝＝＝＝＝

Truly startling contents .

Rather, she’s a demon! Moreover, a vampire!

Demons on Aetherdia have the same treatment as the coexisting Elves and Dwarves . Hostile against humans or worshipping Maou that wants to destroy the world…… they are not such beings . There are just fewer in numbers than other races while living longer lives .

At a glance, this person is no different from a human . Moreover, she seems to be of the same generation as me, yet she’s 147 years old . How long was the life span of vampire again? Were they able to easily live past a millennium?

Her skill composition is incredible!

It may be just my imagination, but her skills are as if an assassination was her family business . She’s actually an operative .

[Vector, was this person collapsed over there?]

[Garu]

[I see]

Vector purred proudly for some reason . He probably tried to give a helping hand .

[But, Vector . Dragging along is no good . This is a sandy beach, you could have injured her]

[Garu~n…]

Vector is obviously disheartened .

[N, no, I’m not angry . Be more careful next time, okay?]

[Garu!]

I’m not angry, but I must discipline him, so he doesn’t go around picking up strange things . I thought such .

Nevertheless, what to do about this person……

--Guu~~~

……………

It’s almost noon, shall I prepare the lunch~

The meal would get covered with sand here so let’s move somewhere else first……




Chapter 55

This happened a few days after arriving at the town of Shirin .

◆ ◆ ◆

[Excuse me]

[Ou, welcome]

[I heard you sell white wheat here, do you have it?]

[White wheat? We have it]

Right . White wheat! Today, I have come to purchase rice .

White wheat is not popular, so people who know of it and stores that sell it are few, so I had troubles finding it . I visited a store from a store and finally found it .

I got onigiri and boiled rice from Syl, but it wasn’t that much . I’m glad I could find it before running out .

I don’t dislike bread, but as expected, as a Japanese, I want to regularly eat rice .

[What Niisan, you keep cattle?]

[No . That’s not the case, but can I purchase it?]

[Ou . That’s no problem . I will bring it, wait a moment]

As expected, it appears that White wheat does not have any other use than feeding the domestic animals . Therefore, rather than saying that I’m going to “eat it” and being looked at with strange eyes, it’s better to deceive somehow .

The shopkeeper brought a jute bag with White wheat from inside the store . From the looks of it, it’s about five kg .

[Is this alright?]

When I confirm the bag contents, it’s indeed a rice!

Neatly polished white grains of rice are inside the bag . I imagined it would have rice husks, or it would not be unpolished, but it’s unexpectedly in a good bearing .

This can be used immediately .

[I would like a little more, but do you have more?]

[I don’t mind . How much would you like?]

[…… How much are you selling?]

If it can be bought, I want to secure rather a lot .

Because there’s no quality improvement, I think that the taste will be less than that of Japan’s rice, but it’s better than life without rice .

Even if it’s not good to eat as white rice, depending on the seasonings, risotto or Chinese fried rice should be no problem .

[We have currently four bags in the store altogether . There’s no problem selling all of it . We would have to stock up for more which would take time]

Four bags…… around twenty kg, huh .

[If there’s no problem selling them, I will purchase all four bags]

[Ooh, I alright . I will carry them out]

I buy out all White wheat from the store and leave the store chuckling to myself .

◇ ◇ ◇

[Now then, since there’s no rice cooker, it’s the pot . Can I do it well, I wonder……]

I started preparing outside the city to try making rice with White wheat .

--Piron♪

N?

Before I even tried to start to cook the rice, I heard an electrical sound inside my head .

[It’s Syl, isn’t it? ……《Open》]

When I opened the menu screen, a new item has appeared on the item list .

[Ooh, this is!]

Rice cooker! A rice cooker that uses fire magic stone instead of electrical outlets has been delivered to me . Usage is the same as the electrical one, insert rice and water and switch on! It appears to automatically stop when the rice is done .

It seems that it can’t retain the warmth because it’s just a tool to cook, but this is still wonderful .

Gratitude to Syl! Thank you!!

After immediately taking it out of《Infinite Storage》and using it, the rice was done in ten minutes . It’s faster than fast cooking! Very wonderful!

[Hot…… ngu]

I tried eating the cooked rice right away .

Ah, it tastes normal . It won’t be a problem using it like white rice .

[Allen, Elena . Ahh~]

Allen and Elena were fixedly jii~… staring at me, so when I presented the spoon with rice in front of them, the two pakan opened their mouths . They look like little chicks wanting to get fed .

When I put the rice in each’s mouth, the two mogumogu savor the taste .

[How is it?]

[[…… Delish~]]

[I see . I’m glad]

Allen and Elena smile slightly .

I think that I’m really glad that rice suits the two’s tastes . I would prepare something different for them if they didn’t like it, but as expected, I would be a little sad if they didn’t like rice .

Now then, shall I make the remaining rice into easy to eat onigiri?

However, there’s no nori . Moreover, I’m worried that the salt won’t hold it together, so I’d like to at least use as a garnish… garnish, huh…… because I have not obtained ingredients for seafood yet, I don’t have salmon or cod…… for the same reason okaka, kombu, and seaweed can’t be cooked .

Tuna-mayo…… I don’t have tuna . Rather, how do you prepare tuna? Soak the tuna fillet in oil and heat at a low temperature? Let’s try after getting my hands on tuna .

Tenmusu? Again…… . shrimps are also ingredients from the sea……

Thinking like this, there are many ingredients of the sea used with rice, aren’t there~

Other than sea…… umeboshi? I do have plum-like fruit, but it’s no umeboshi .

Leaf mustard? I have something resembling which it could be made from, but I’m bad at it so it’s rejected .

I need to prepare chicken while cooking rice . It’s not possible this time, but the ingredients are likely to gather, so let’s try next time .

Muu~ What else is thereee? I unexpectedly can’t remember…… .

◆ ◆ ◆

In the end, I had no choice, but to preserve the rice in the《Infinite Storage》that day .

Therefore, with the ingredients I have bought at the harbor’s morning market, I will take my revenge!

What I’m preparing is a grilled salmon-like fish .

I made a fake tuna-mayo with a tinge of red slices of tuna-like fish . I think it turned out quite well .

The rest is seasoned with minced kombu and soy sauce . I finely chopped the katsuobushi in order to prepare okaka .

I have also prepared a nori-looking seaweed . First, I washed the seaweed well, finely chopped it, stretched it thin and flat, removed the moisture with water magic, and dried it using life magic’s《Dry》 .

The texture was a little rough, but it turned out to be a proper nori . You can do it if you try!

Now then, let’s cook the rice . I prepared the ingredients and nori . Ah, also the salt . I splurged a little and bought the best salt .

Now then, all that’s left is to shape it!

[Yosh, it’s done!]

After shaping a large amount of onigiri, I made a soup using the Sand Crab’s legs .

[Everyone~ The meal is done~]

[[Mea~l]]

[Kyan][Na~][Pii][Garu]

To my call, the children were playing slightly further away, rushed back all at once .

Because I don’t know when Vivian-san will wake up, I had Joule and Feat turn into their small forms and gave up on Bolt’s and Vector’s situation .

I’m thinking of deceiving by saying that I contracted them when they were weakened or when they were small .

[…… Zzz…… N? Meal!?]

While thinking so, Vivian-san has awakened .

[Meal . Where is the meal~?]

Somehow… although beauty, she feels like a woman with a plenty of unfortunates……




Chapter 56

[[Itadakima~su]]

[Kyan][Na~][Pii][Garu]

Allen and Elena began eating the onigiri and soup slowly on the plates I served in front of them after doing before meal manners .

The Contracted beasts properly imitated the two and begun eating .

When I saw everyone start to eat, I offered onigiri and soup to Vivian-san who was enviously looking at the children .

[Is that okay!? Wa~ Itadakimasu!]

Because the children started eating first, Vivian-san was able to judge that onigiri is food, but “I wonder what this is……” she started eating after hesitating . However, after two, three bites, she started stuffing her cheeks in a trance .

[Hagu, hagu…… ngun, gu……]

She offered the onigiri to her stomach with a great vigor . Baku, baku, baku, such sound effects could be heard .

[Allen, Elena . This is are yours, so eat slowly, okay?]

It appears Allen and Elena thought that the unrestricted Vivian-san would eat even their shares . They sped up their eating speed in a hurry .

But, the two became relieved after my caution and nodded while chewing with stuffed cheeks, restoring their pace of eating .

[By the way, it seems you collapsed because of hunger, but what happened?]

[Ngu! Ngun, gu!]

[No…… it’s fine after you finish eating……]

[Ngu!]

When I asked what happened, Vivian-san started talking with her mouth crammed with onigiri .

I have no idea what she’s saying, her manners are bad . Because it’s no good for Allen and Elena to imitate her, I decided to talk after the meal .

Then, Vivia-san resumed eating silently .

Nonetheless, she can eat well……

[Iya~ I’m stuffed~ Thank you for the meal]

The massive amount of onigiri disappeared just like that .

[Ah, I’m called Vivian . Vivi or Vivian, call me however you like . Incidentally, what was that from a little while ago~ I have never eaten something like that~]

[Yeah, it’s white wheat cooked in water]

[White wheat, is it? That feed for domestic animals?]

Ah, I did it now…… rice on Aetherdia is used as feed for domestic animals, isn’t it? I completely forgot .

[I’m sorry . Because we eat White White as everyday meals in my hometown, I ended up offering it to you without thinking . Have I offended you?]

[No, no . It was delicious, so there’s no problem . Nevertheless, the white wheat, huh~ I have no idea it was something so delicious~]

Even after hearing about the white wheat, Vivian-san wasn’t offended . Rather, she seems to have liked it . I’m glad……

I have to be more careful to what I offer to people from now on . Some people would misunderstand or be insulted, after all .

[Iya~ Oniisan is skilled at cooking, aren’t you~ Are? Oniisan? Or is it Papa-san?]

Before I noticed, Vivian-san was talking to Allen and Elena .

[[……? Onii~ chan]]

Allen and Elena who should not have any vigilance towards Vivian-san hesitated for a moment and answered .

…… I wonder what happened?

Since Vivian-san is here, I shouldn’t haste to confirm . I must not forget to check later .

[So it was Oniisan~ But, the reaction was bad, wasn’t it~ Are you perhaps, in fact, Papa-san?]

[I’m the elder brother……]

It seems Vivian-san noticed Allen and Elena hesitating too .

Rather, what is she thinking, this person……

[I’m sorry~ People’s secrets are my favorite food! Uncovering hidden things is fun, isn’t it~]

[……]

Vivian-san--no, just Vivian, should be fine now……

Vivian notices my “amazement” and starts speaking even more .

I don’t think it can be called impressive, but maa, it’s most likely[Hobby=Work]in her case .

[So, why did you collapse, Vivian?]

[Iya~ I wonder why?]

[…… Don’t ask me]

…… This person, is she playing around?

[Umm, umm…… ah, that’s right! I have remembered! I have moved out of the town, but I forgot to purchase food . That’s why I endured on the local procurement, but there was no harvest for the past two, three days……]

[When you notice you don’t have food, return to the town!]

[Ooh! That’s certainly true . Iya~ I will somehow manage~ I thought so and didn’t pay further attention to it!]

[……]

[Right, right, I have to report in Albert Town for my work, but where is this?]

[…… Here is nearby of the town of Bailey]

[Aree?]

Albert Town is in the east of Bailey, it’s a town in the south of the royal capital .

I don’t know which town Vivian has departed from, but if she didn’t cross the sea on a ship from a foreign country, being in Bailey’s surroundings is strange .

[How strange? Maa but, I still have plenty of time to report, so it will be okay! Right, right, this time’s job was too easy~ I had to do a background investigation on the marriage partner of a certain noble lady, but the target of the investigation was a man . Surprisingly, he kept a commoner’s daughter in the house! That was so impressive~ He had no intention to hide it . The story came out just after asking a servant a little . Honestly, I didn’t even have to infiltrate as a seravant~]

No, I have not asked about the contents of your work…… why have you stuck out your tongue out after talking!

[Oops, even though I have time to report, I shouldn’t take it too slow, right? Then, I’m going okay~ Ah, right . This is my thanks for the meal]

Vivian who suddenly stood unfastened the bag on her waist and presented me several small bottles filled with some liquids .

[You don’t have to mind it really]

[No, no, please accept it]

Vivan forcibly pushed the small bottles in my hands .

…… I wonder what this is?

＝＝＝＝＝

【Drops of Crimson Rose】

A vampire specially made aphrodisiac .

Immediate effect . The effect lasts approximately four to five hours .

Excellent product with no side effects . Women exclusive use .

＝＝＝＝＝

＝＝＝＝＝

【Drops of White Rose】

A vampire specially made energy drug .

Immediate effect . The effect lasts approximately four to five hours .

Excellent product with no side effects . Men exclusive use .

＝＝＝＝＝

Wwha!!?

I got astonished after appraising the small bottles .

[Hey! This!!]

[Ah, looks like you know what kind of medicine it is . This is a medicine I made, but the effect is exceptional, it’s quite popular~ Please, try it by all means . Njaa, thank you for the meal~]

[Oi, wait!]

Vivian departed with quick movements .

[[Gone~?]]

[Yeah……]

Seriously, what’s with that fellow…… besides, what am I supposed to do with this……

I, haa…… sigh and store the small bottles in the《Infinite Storage》 . I have decided to hoard it in the《Infinite Storage》as it is .

[[…… Onii~ chan]]

[What is it?]

[[What is Papa~? ]]

[Eh?]

When I hang down my head dejectedly, Allen and Elena asks me a surprising question .

Surely not…… but…… perhaps……?

[…… Umm, Allen, Elena, do you know who a father or Otousan is?]

Allen and Elena shake their heads to my question .

Acha~…… these two don’t know about something like family…… so this is why they hesitated to Vivian’s question……

I see, well, of course, ~ They had no one to teach them, so they don’t know~

I thought the two knew because they called me[Onii~ chan]as if it was natural .

Ah, I see . The towns’ people--especially Obaasan from the inn or the stores called out to Allen and Elena, but they also asked things such as[Are you going out with your Oniichan?]or[Oniisan, how about this for the children?]many times . Allen and Elena who heard that ended up calling me Oniichan……

[…… Umm, Papa is Otousan and that’s--]

First of all, I decided to not teach them only about Otousan, but also about Okaasan and siblings .

However, explaining is unexpectedly much harder than I thought……




Chapter 57

When we returned to the town from the sea, we made our way to the Adventurer’s Guild .

In order to learn about the materials around this town and to receive gathering requests of the materials, we have on hand .

I’m not troubled about money, but we receive requests regularly . You see, there is qualification invalidation term, right? Although I have three years to spare until the term, I would like to get into a habit of receiving requests .

After entering the guild, I first went to the requesting board, picked up a few requests after checking my materials and the requested materials and then lined up in the reception queue .

As it’s already evening, there are plenty of adventurers who have returned from work .

[Hello . Are you here to request a job?]

When my turn came, the receptionist woman greeted me . Apparently, I don’t look like an adventurer but someone who came to find a job…… Well, it can’t be helped .

I present my guild card at the counter .

[No . I’d like to accept this request]

[I’m sorry . So you were an adventurer . I have not seen you here before]

[I have just arrived at this town the other day]

[Is that so? Then, I will hold on this for a moment]

When the receptionist woman received the guild card, she started operating the crystal plate .

While she works, I take out the materials written on the requests and line them up on the counter .

[Eh! A-rank!?]

[Well, more or less……]

[Pardon my rudeness . Are all these materials matching the requests?]

[Yes, I have them all]

[I will verify]

The receptionist woman was surprised that I was an A-rank, but she immediately started checking the material . But, the receptionist woman who begun to work suddenly loudly shouted .

[Kyaaーーーーー!!!]

[!?]

[[Hiyaa]]

I was startled by her shriek like voice . Allen and Elena got startled as well as they cling to my leg .

[D, dungeon~! Y, you have discovered a new dungeon!?]

[Haa!?]

To my surprise, the receptionist woman shouted again .

It appears that she happen to see my【Dungeon record】while processing the material .

Still, what did she just say? New dungeon?

We have been only in the[Dungeon fo Earth]in Shirin and the[Dungeon of Ripples]which we went into a few days ago .

--That means, the Dungeon of Ripples was an undiscovered dungeon……

There are 108 dungeons on Aetherdia .

I know about all dungeons, but I am no aware which are publicly known .

I should have checked it……

We have unconsciously stepped into an undiscovered dungeon, and the trace was left listed on the guild card……

Is this bad? …… No, it’s all right . I can deceive!

The entrance was in the sea, but it’s quite easy to discover when diving…… un, it will be alright .

[We accidentally found it when playing in the sea]Let’s go with that!

It’s true anyway that we found it accidentally while swimming in the sea .

[Karen, what is it about a new dungeon?]

[T, this gentleman’s【Dungeon record】has[53rd Dungeon “Ripples”]entry recorded on it~]

[What!? --T, this is!]

When a male guild staff member run up to the receptionist woman--Karen-san, he raised his voice in surprise .

Seeing the man’s reaction, the other staff members gathered around, infecting the guild with noise .

Aah~…… even the adventurers in the guild have noticed now……

[Takumi-sama, is it really a dungeon!?]

[……?]

…… Eh? What’s that, what does she mean?

[You fool, Karen! What are you saying! It’s naturally a dungeon since it’s listed on the guild card!!]

“It might not be a dungeon” worry?

No, in the first place, I can’t orally report the discovery of a new dungeon .

By seeing it recorded on the guild card, the doubts that would float around will disappear .

Rather, this is more or less a personal information, isn’t it? I would like them to stop shouting so loudly, though…… where did the information concealment go?

[However, Shawn-san! Discovering a new dungeon is something very important]

[I know how important it is more than you!]

[But, but~]

[Karen, you stay quiet! What you are saying is unreasonable!]

[No, no, Shawn-san’s tension is ridiculous?]

Ah~…… can I already go? It’s fine, right?

Allen and Elena are withering under the surrounding’s attention……

First of all, let’s clean up the things I took ou--

[W, wait a moment, please! What are you doing!?]

Tsk! She noticed . I thought about stealthily escaping, but Karen-san has noticed……

[I’m leaving . Ah, return my guild card, please]

[Wha!! What are you doing! You can’t do that!]

Because I couldn’t escape, I seriously told my intentions . Karen-san holds my guild card in her hands, not willing to return it .

I’m hesitant to leave behind my ID, but…… shall I go as I am?

--I thought such, but before I noticed, the people that gathered around formed a barricade .

Although they have a reasonable distance, because they are all men with good builds, breaking through would be difficult .

Allen and Elena wither because of surroundings even more…… no, they are frightened .

I look at Karen-san while stroking Allen’s and Elena’s shoulder to soothe them .

[Why can’t I leave?]

[Why, you ask…… I, I mean, you have discovered a new dungeon? You have to tell us all about it!]

[Don’t wanna]

[Eh!]

[Although it’s a thing to be surprised about, I don’t want to talk to someone who irresponsibly shouts someone’s personal information]

[Eeeh!?]

There’s no doubt that【Dungeon record】is personal information . And yet, the staff which have the obligation to conceal it shouted out loud its contents .

People who were in the guild have totally paid attention to what was said and already found out about the new dungeon .

Because of my remark of not wanting to tell the guild, the people around started talking things such as[Does he plans to monopolize it?]or[No, he even had the first taste……] .

Disclosing personal information without the consent of the person in question . N~……

[Or did the rule of guild staff member’s[Can’t reveal personal information to others]got annulled without my knowing?]

[…… Ugu]

Hearing my words, Karen-san’s face gradually turned blue .

There’s no way such important rule got abolished . I’m sure Karen-san made a violation of her duties .

The male staff member--Shawn-san and other staff members made awkward expressions as well .

They have not rebuked Karen-san, they instead take advantage and rode on the opportunity with her .

Regarding that dungeon, it won’t be a problem even if it gets exposed--rather, I am troubled that it was exposed in this way, it’s a serious situation .

For instance, if it were “Allen and Elena captured advanced level dungeon”…… she would certainly be surprised, right? At that time, the two would get exposed and place them in a troublesome situation .

It’s just an example, but it may certainly happen one day……

Rather,【Request record】has already record of transaction of Gaya Forest’s materials . She has probably not looked properly yet, but it would be a noise making record when she does .

I have to keep it in control before that!

[What is this ruckus!!]

[[Gu, guild master!!]]

In the meanwhile, overhearing the ruckus, a solidly build man in his fifties walks from the inner part of the guild . He has a former adventurer feeling around him?

He appears to be the guild master here .




Chapter 58

[Are you the cause of the ruckus?]

The guild master clearly said that while looking at me .

Well, I’m confronting the staff members, and other adventurers are surrounding me . It can’t be helped that I’m seen like that .

[You might say that I’m the cause, but I’m not the one who started it]

[What do you mean?]

[It started because these staff members shouted out loud our personal information]

[What!? Is that truth!!]

At my complaint, the guild master vigorously turned towards his subordinates .

[Ah…… umm……]

[What is it! Speak clearly!!]

[B, because there was information about a new dungeon, I unconsciously screamed out!! I’m terribly sorry!!]

Karen-san frightened by the guild master’s angry voice reported about the dungeon while bowing down .

[What!? …… Is that story true?]

[Ye, yes . It’s certainly stated in this person’s【Dungeon record】]

[Which is it?]

[This one~]

Oi, guild master . You shouldn’t be confirming【Dungeon record】in this situation……

[So, where is this dungeon?]

[That is…… umm…… he doesn’t want to tell……]

[…… Is that so? Why?]

[Therefore!! Please don’t divert the problem . I’m not saying that I don’t want to tell the location of the dungeon . I just don’t want to tell it to an organization that discloses personal information!!]

Because the discussion seemed to go off track, I immediately argued vehemently .

Seriously, I would like you not to forget that!

[……]

All the staff members are silent .

[Umm, you see…… that……]

[Anyhow, lead me to a separate room first please!]

[That’s right, sorry . Could you follow to my office?]

The guild master shows me to his office while awkwardly scratching his cheek .

Haa…… let’s go for now……

Ah~ Even though I came to the guild in order to sell materials, thinking it would be immediately over…… the ruckus took more time that was planned .

It’s almost time for a meal~ Rather than reporting the dungeon, Allen’s and Elena’s meal is more important……

However, it doesn’t look like I will be able to leave without reporting . Will I be able to leave faster if I report this quickly?

Haa……

◇ ◇ ◇

We were guided to the guild master’s office .

Are fellow travelers include Karen-san and another three staff members .

[First of all, including me, our staff members want to apologize]

[[[We are sorry]]]

When we settle in the office’s sofa, the guild master and the staff members give words of apology simultaneously .

[Even if was a discovery of a new dungeon, that remark in such place was absurd . I’m really sorry]

They really seemed to think they were at fault and apologized sincerely .

[I would like to hear the details properly later, but…… that, um……]

[Suspension or salary cut, is it?]

[…… Yeah, that’s right . Would be asking to pardon the dismissal too much as expected?]

[I don’t care . I would just like to ask you not to disclose personal information next time]

[Of course . I will teach them properly]

When I accept, Karen-san was obviously relieved .

As for me, as long as the information management is solid, I don’t mind using the guild policy for the treatment of staff . I’d like to avoid awkward relations with the guild . I plan to use the guild in the future as well .

At any rate, since it’s impossible to hide the information that has flowed, it would be better to sell as much kindness to the guild as possible .

Well, I won’t forgive them next time, though!

[Ah~ Then……]

[The dungeon, is it?]

[That’s right . In a case that a new dungeon was discovered…… since the location is clearly indicated on the guild card this time, the feudal lord would be notified about the discovery, he would dispatch his people, and those will confirm the location with the guild]

Hee~ The feudal lord is immediately notified about a new dungeon~

But, if the discoverer didn’t have a guild card, that discoverer would be the only evidence, so it seems that the guild would investigate before notifying the feudal lord .

[You will be rewarded with a prize if the country officially recognizes it . Of course, if you present the guild with information about the dungeon, you will also receive a reward from the guild]

Since the existence of the dungeon has already spread, there’s no need to hesitate . If I hide things, I would get entangled with some weird fellows .

Well, I don’t really care about the prize from the country, though……

[I understand . I will tell you]

[Really!]

[Yes . The dungeon is[53rd “Ripples”] . It’s an intermediate difficulty dungeon with 30 floors . It appears to be a dungeon of a water attribute

[Water attribute!]

I report the basic information first . Most of it is recorded on the guild card, so I think anyone would understand after looking, but just in case .

About the attribute, I’m pretty sure it’s “water . ”

[The place is along the coast, east side of the town . Do you know of the largish reef in the sea about ten minutes by foot from the shore?]

[Yeah . It’s the one not far away from the beach, right?]

[Yes, that’s right]

Whether because it’s close to the town, guild master immediately grasped the location .

[There is an entrance to the dungeon in that rock]

[What!?]

[Eh?]

[This close!?]

[No way……]

Hearing about the entrance to the dungeon in the reef, the guild staff were taken aback by its closeness .

Because it had not been discovered so far, I thought it was in a place where people could not go .

[Incidentally, the entrance is in the sea]

[What a thing……]

Everyone hangs their heads this time . They are all people with rich reactions……

[Yeah, also, it’s about 50 meters of a complete channel to the entrance . If you’d like to confirm, it would be necessary for me to accompany you]

[What?]

[Because there’s no place to take a breath, you can only advance while holding it . If you can’t prepare a necessary magic tool, you better choose the right person to investigate]

[……]

I think that the person who would go for the investigation would be someone who is used to move around, but if by chance it’s a person with an office job, he wouldn’t be able to follow .

[How did you enter?]

[I have confidence in my lung capacity]

[I, is that so……]

Because it’s not like the mermaid bracelet is not around at all, it should be all right to tell about it, but I decided to keep it hidden for the time being . I would be troubled if they asked the source, after all .

[…… Takumi-san is A-rank, after all . That much surely wouldn’t be trouble]

[[[A-rank!?]]]

When Karen-san muttered in admiration, other members reacted .

Yeah, they weren’t aware of my rank . However, guild master…… didn’t you see the crystal as well? Well, having his eyes nailed on the【Dungeon record】it’s probably natural that he didn’t notice……

I was slightly amazed and let out a sigh .

[[Onii~ chan, hungry~]]

Allen and Elena interrupt the conversation by pulling on my clothes and stating their hunger .

[I’m sorry~ We have already finished, shall we go for a meal?]

[[Un]]

[Well then, it’s all right to end the story about the dungeon here, isn’t it?]

I decided to cut off the discussion immediately . Fortunately, I have finished providing the minimum necessary information .

[Well then, we will excuse ourselves here . Allen, Elena, let’s go~]

[[Ye~s]]

[Eh? Wai… . . oi!?]

I have heard the guild master trying to stop me, but I ignored that and promptly left the office with Allen and Elena .

When I returned to the guild hall, the adventurers who heard about the dungeon were waiting . Because I wouldn’t like to be caught by those people, I told them[I had told the guild the location of the guild, so please ask them] .

Would it be all right for now like this?

Now then, the meal, the meal . Where shall we have the dinner?




Chapter 59

The next day .

After eating breakfast in the dining room of the inn, we were relaxing in the room .

Then, the sub master of the Adventurer’s Guild came to visit .

Apparently, they went to the dungeon overnight or early in the morning and seemed to have finished checking .

The dungeon is nearby after all . Just going to take a look shouldn’t take much time .

And they are on their way to report to the feudal lord now . It seems they have applied for an appointment yesterday and decided on meeting this morning .

So, we were told to go along . [Why me as well?]when I asked,[What is the discoverer asking about!!]I was scolded .

No, I wasn’t aware I have to accompany you .

That being the case, we have arrived at the lord’s mansion .

Well, I really didn’t feel like resisting and thought that saying hello to the feudal lord might not be bad, so I went along obediently, though .

Thus, after being shown to a room and told to wait, a middle-aged man in his thirties along with an elderly man soon entered the room .

I have not used appraisal, but judging by the garments, the young man looks more like the Feudal Lord-sama . But this person, haven’t I seen him before somewhere……

[You are Takumi-san? How do you do? Cedric Risner is my name]

[Eh? …… Risner?]

Feudal Lord-sama speaks as if he knew about me .

I have not met him before, but his surname is Risner . And his silver hair and grayish blue eyes, perhaps……?

[Oya? Have you not heard from Isaac?]

[…… Acquaintances, only]

[That fellow again…… I’m really sorry for my younger brother . He surely kept silent to surprise you]

Younger brother!!

That means this Feudal Lord-sama is Shirin’s Knights Order’s Risner-sama’s oniisan!

Ah, I see . That’s why Risner-sama wrote me a letter of introduction when I told him that I’m going to Bailey~

I was a little bit surprised that Risner-sama was the one who wrote me the letter of introduction since Derrick-sama and Wald-sama who are of a high peerage rank, and the advisor of the order Callan-sama were there .

At that time, I simply thought that he was just writing to someone he knows .

I thought that Risner-sama had a good relationship with the Feudal Lord-sama of Bailey judging by his way of speech…… but, to think they were family……

If they are relatives, Risner-sama was the most suitable to write the letter of introduction, wasn’t he?

[In Shirin, Risner-sama…… I am indebted to Isaac-sama very much]

[No, no, it was in a letter, but I inquired about Takumi-san . You are Isaac’s lifesaver . Thank you very much for helping my brother]

[Ah, raise your head please!!]

I was surprised at him suddenly lowering his head right after greeting me . I hurry up and stop Oniisan .

[It is I who should thank Risner-sama…… ah~ I’m sorry . Is it alright to call you Cedric-sama?]

Ah~…… it would be confusing calling both brothers Risner-sama…… however, calling him by his name without permission would be impolite . First, let’s ask for permission……

[Yes, certainly . Honorifics are unnecessary too]

[No, that much is……]

[Then, let’s settle on “san . ” Of course, I don’t mind if you call Isaac that way as well . I give you permission as his elder brother]

[No, but……]

[Let’s get along]

He has a gentle smile, but an overbearing way of calling has been decided . Un, it doesn’t seem that I will be able to refuse .

But, it would be impossible without honorifics, so please forgive me for adding “san . ”

[I was under Isaac-san’s care . I had also received a letter of introduction when leaving Shirin . It’s a little late, but this is the letter]

It’s different from my plan, but I hand over the letter I got from Isaac-san to Cedric-san .

[That’s right, that! I’ve heard from Isaac that he gave you a letter of introduction, so when you arrived at this town, I thought you would immediately visit me, you know?]

[Are? He certainly asked me to visit you, but…… I didn’t have any plans on receiving a favor, you know?]

Just receiving aid would make me feel awkward and I had no plans on making things difficult for him .

[Eh?]

[N?]

Are we misunderstanding something……?

[…… Umm, let’s rely on him if something occurs…… is what you were thinking?]

[…… Well, you could say that]

I feel like I’m counting on the noble’s authority, but that’s really it when speaking frankly…… helping when in trouble . When there’s really, really no other way . I thought to ask for help only then .

[…… Isaac that fellow]

It seems that Isaac-san has told Cedric-san something different .

Isaac-san…… what have you told him……

[May I ask what Isaac-san has written in the letter?]

[Yes . About the happenings in Shirin, Takumi-san’s arrival to Bailey, and he asked me to lend you a hand . Those were the contents]

Indeed, those contents make it seems as if it has already been decided that I would come to visit the feudal lord .

…… Are? Perhaps…… did I mistake the meaning behind the letter of introduction?

Regardless of what I plan on doing, I should have visited here first, or something……?

Uwa~ have I done it……

[There was a report from the gatekeeper that Takumi-san has arrived, but that was the reason you weren’t coming, I see]

[…… Eh?]

Wait a minute!

While I was worried about the interpretation of the letter of introduction, Cedric-san said something that can’t be disregarded .

[Cedric-san, what do you mean by the gatekeeper’s report……]

[I had notified the gatekeepers to let me know when Takumi-san arrives in the town immediately]

Wow . Cedric-san, you have given such orders……

[That was futile as well, though]

[…… I’m sorry]

[No, no . I was selfishly waiting so don’t mind it . But that being the case, I would have been nice if you visited . Oh yeah, Takumi-san made a new bread in Shirin and spread it, right? Actually, it was also written in Isaac’s letter, and because a detailed recipe wasn’t necessary, it has already spread through our town]

[Ah, yes . I saw it selling in a shop]

It was only jam buns, and bread with dried fruit and nuts mixed in, but as fruits and nuts are abundant here, the variety definitely increased .

[Takumi-san . If possible, won’t you please tell me the recipes of the things called Cream bread and Anpan? Of course, I will reward you]

[I would like to ask about this . A reward is not necessary . It’s just, about the shops, but……]

[I heard from Isaac about this as well . If there’s no fuss about the store, I will introduce it to a wholesale store that sells bread to our house, the other stores will be properly supported by the Risner house]

Because Allen and Elena love Cream bread, I want to make it efficient to replenish . That’s why I intended to have it made in a shop somewhere .

Regarding the custard cream, I think I’m willing to publish the recipe, but that would make it difficult to Road-san, wouldn’t it~ I should take this proposal from Cedric-san and teach him how to manage the recipe safely, right?

As for the red bean paste, you just need to boil sweet red legume, so I thought it would appear in other shops even without the recipe, but…… that doesn’t seem to be the case .

[I’m fine with a store that Cedric-san recommends]

[Ayy~ I’m looking forward to it . Isaac boasted in the letter how delicious it is, so I was extremely interested, you know?]

Eeh!? It’s just a normal Cream bread and Anpan, you know? Isaac-san, why are you raising the hurdle that much!?

While Cedric-san and I are having such discusison--

[Umm~……]

[[Ah]]

The sub master who was left behind flusteredly raised voice .

Un, Cedric-san and I completely forgot the sub master’s existence .




Chapter 60

[Yeah . Gilliam-dono, I’m sorry to have kept you waiting]

[No . I didn’t know that Count-sama and Takumi-san were acquintances]

[It’s our first time meeting, but Takumi-san is an important guest of our family . Ah, which reminds me, it appears there was some kind of a problem yesterday at the guild, wasn’t there? Is the reason that the guild master didn’t come today because he was busy dealing with that?]

[[……]]

The sub master’s--Gilliam-san’s complexion instantly turned pale .

Nevertheless, Cedric-san . Why do you know about that matter? It happened just yesterday, you know?

I thought I was being tailed for a moment there . But, if that were the case, both the children and I would notice .

That means, his intelligence gathering is awfully excellent .

[I won’t say anything because Takumi-san compromised, but I hope that such thing won’t happen in the future]

[Y, yes . Of course! Severely, I will hold it in my heart!]

[If you, the sub master says so, I feel relieved]

Cedric-san, thank you very much .

It appears he gave the guild warning for our sake .

At any rate…… Cedric is talking with the usual smile, but it brought up the fire from the atmosphere .

Hence Gilliam-san nodded with a great vigor .

[[Ah]]

[Allen, Elena . Pointing fingers at people is rude]

[[Ye~s]]

At that time, Allen and Elena who were quiet all the time suddenly let out voices and pointed at Cedric-san . I stopped their gesture in a hurry .

[So, what happened?]

[[Alike~]]

N? Alike?

[Said it’s alright~ to kick]

[Knight Onii~ chan]

[[[……]]]

Ah~ that time…… In the Gaya Forest with the Knights Order, Isaac-san said to Allen and Elena that it’s alright to kick Wald-sama……

I also find the smile of Isaac-san at that time exactly the same as Cedric-san’s, but…… however, do I hear a different meaning when the to say it……

[Umm…… by alike you mean Isaac-san, right? Has my little brother grew to like being kicked around by children in the time I have not seen him, I wonder……]

[You are wrong, it’s different! The target on the receiving end of the kick was different!]

See~ Cedric-san had a weird misunderstanding~

I must resolve the misunderstanding to protect Isaac-san’s honor! Ah~ while that may be true, I can’t possibly say that the target of the kicking as Wald-sama……

It seems difficult to explain while not saying the concrete thing .

I somehow managed to solve the misunderstanding, and we talked about the “Ripples” dungeon .

The contents were about the details I found in the dungeon, and the investigation of the people Cedric-san and the guild dispatched .

[Haa~ To discover a dungeon in my fief~ I’m grateful to you, Takumi-san]

[That so, isn’t it? People are going to gather in our town from now on]

Speaking frankly, a dungeon is a vein of gold .

When the information of a new dungeon gets out, adventurers will start gathering around . Those adventurers will bring back the dropped items from the dungeon and sell them at the Adventurer’s Guild .

Merchants will gather for those dropped items and trade with the Adventurer’s Guild .

When people gather, the inns and restaurants will flourish .

Since the economy moves in various places and taxes are paid, the financial affairs of the fief prosper as a result .

It was really a coincidence that I have caused a dungeon fuss in the Risner territory, but I think it would be good if it returned the favor that I owe to the Risner house at least a little .

Well, I think that problems will arise with the sudden increase of people, but I can only wish them to do their best .

Oh yeah, there is a total of four dungeons kept under control in Guardia . It appears that the “Ripples” we have discovered is going to be the fifth one .

Yesterday, before returning from the guild, I asked the receptionist about the locations of the dungeons . She then turned towards the adventurers and got me a list with a rough map .

The list had the dungeons written in order with information such as［Fourth Dungeon “Earth” /Low rank/Guardia, Shirin/To the east, half day by foot］ .

According to this list, half of the dungeons appear to be undiscovered .

I get why the dungeon in the Gaya Forest or the dungeon in the deep sea are not discovered, but I was surprised that even dungeons near the towns are undiscovered .

Because of that~ I have to be more careful~ Is what I was thinking while storing the map into the《Infinite Storage》, but then--

--Piron♪

At that time, I heard an electric sound in my head for some reason .

I thought what could it be, so I immediately opened the designating window .

Then, there was an indication “NEW” by the map tab .

The information written on the paper I stored in the《Infinite Storage》was now indicated on the map .

That’s right, the map has updated on its own . Seriously~ I was completely dumbfounded then~

[That reminds me, how far in the dungeon did you go?]

[We just looked a bit around the first floor . We did not have much time as I wouldn’t make it in time for today . We indeed had troubles right at the entrance, though]

As expected, reaching the entrance of the dungeon--it was not easy swimming for about 50 meters without breathing .

[Umm…… I feel bad for asking, but there were no casualties, right?]

Because there is no way to get out of the waterway halfway, if you can’t hold your breath, the risk of drowning isn’t low .

I wouldn’t like to hear the talk of people drowning in the dungeon I have discovered .

[Everything’s all right . The investigator I chose had a large stamina and good swimming skills]

I feel relieved hearing Cedric-san’s words .

But, it’s obvious that when the dungeon is officially announced, reckless people will appear one after another . We have to take measures against that immediately……

[Well, I understand Takumi-san’s fears . I had the investigator hold onto a magic tool just in case, and right now, we are in a hurry to mass produce that very magic tool]

[You mean a magic tool that allows breathing underwater?]

[Yes . It’s not that highly effective, but it uses wind magic stone which creates a fixed amount of air in the magic tool, so I gave the orders to have that mass produced]

Creates air…… hee~ so there was such magic tool~ if something like that exists, I can feel relieved?

[Also, regarding the reward . I’m sure you are aware, but the discoverer of a dungeon gets rewarded by the country]

Yeah, the matter of the reward still remains…… I’ve heard from the guild that the discoverer would receive a reward, but don’t conceal the important thing!

[Is the name of the discoverer officially announced?]

[It’s reported to the country, but only limited information is revealed in the public announcement . It was done like that in the past . Takumi-san, you don’t like the official announcement? Discoverer of a new dungeon will receive high praises, you know?]

[I’d like to decline the praises]

[I understand . I will propose that to His Majesty]

[I will leave it to you]

Discovering a new dungeon looks too conspicuous, so I would like to avoid it . Fortunately, publishing my name seems to be avoidable .

In truth, I would like to avoid the reward as well, but…… Cedric-san rejected with a wonderful smile . …… Regrets .

Now then, is the talk done with this? It had become noon before I noticed .

The sub master who finished reporting quickly left the room .

[Cedric-sama, everyone is waiting in the dining room]

The butler of the Risner house who guided us to Cedric-san, Joshua-san just came to call for Cedric-san, so we will also take our leave--

[Then, we will……--]

[Now then, Takumi-san . The lunch preparations are done, so let’s move to the dining room]

[Eh?]

Cedric-san smiled with a smile that I couldn’t go against .

Ku…… this smile, it’s definitely a foul play!




Chapter 61

When we move to the dining room, Cedric-san’s family was already waiting there .

[This is my wife Olivie]

[I’m Olivie . Welcome and thank you for coming]

[I’m sorry for intruding . My name is Takumi]

[These are my sons Theodore and Latis . They are nine and seven years old . We also have a daughter, but I have not called her here because she’s still young]

Cedric-san introduces me his wife and two sons .

His wife is a gentle looking woman with chestnut colored hair and blue eyes . It looks like a picture when she stands next to Cedric-san, and they seem like a couple that gets along very well .

The eldest son Theodore-kun has silver hair, and green eyes after his father and the younger brother Latis-kun has chestnut hair and grayish blue eyes after the mother? They both inherit their parent’s traits in such way .

They also seem to have a daughter that will become two years old as well as these two sons .

[Hello, I’m Theodore]

[I’m Latis . Hello]

[Hello . I’m Takumi . These children are Allen and Elena . Hey, are you two not going to say hello?]

[…… Allen]

[…… Elena]

I kneeled down matching Theodore-kun’s and Latis-kun’s eyes, took out Allen and Elena who were hiding behind my back and incited them for the greetings .

Thereupon, Allen and Elena told just their names in faint voices and immediately sneaked behind my back .

This is…… not frightened or anything, right? …… Are they being shy?

Even though Allen and Elena saw children close to their age before, they have never had such face-to-face conversation before, so they are apparently nervous .

But, they seem to have interest as they are peeking at Theodore-kun and Latis-kun from behind my back .

[Theodore-kun, Latis-kun, I’m sorry . They are shy of people they meet for the first time you see…… if you’d like, please get along with them, okay?]

[[Yes]]

[Ara, ara, that’s the way children are]

I’m glad that everyone of the Risner family doesn’t seem to mind . However, a little more normal greetings are necessary .

[Well then, come this way please]

[Thank you very much]

When our introductions end, this is a nobility! We have been guided to a long table that was shouting such feeling .

The individual seats have been prepared beforehand, but there were two chairs stuffed on both sides of the seat that I was shown to .

They were, of course, Allen’s and Elena’s seats .

That’s right, isn’t it~ having a meal with people they see for the first time in a place like this, it would be naturally impossible for them to separate from me .

Therefore, I’m very thankful for this arrangement .

Did Cedric-san give such instructions? As expected, he doesn’t overlook the details~

The meal was harbor-ish, a soup full of marine products and bread . The main dish was sauteed of some kind of a white fish . It had salty taste as expected, but it was easy to eat .

[[Onii~ chan]]

[N? What is it?]

[[Want to eat jelly~]]

After finishing the main course, Allen and Elena requested for a dessert .

[Jelly, is it? What is that?]

The one who showed a reaction to those words first was Cedric-san .

[Ah~…… it’s sweets]

[Perhaps, Takumi-san’s handmade?]

[Ah, yes . That’s right]

[If it’s alright with you, won’t you let us eat some as well?]

[……]

Cedric-san seems to have an interest in the jelly .

[I will pay the price?]

[No, I don’t need money! It’s just that…… jelly is made from a slightly special ingredient, you see…… I’m worried…… that it’s not something nobles would like……]

[Oya, was it like that? I would definitely like to try to eat it without hearing the ingredients]

Cedric-san is unexpectedly a person brimming with curiosity……

Won’t he get angry after I let him eat the slime jelly? I will think about it when the time comes?

[I hope it will suit your tastes, but……]

I melt Giant Bee honey in the milk, took out the jelly that contained compote from Rigo from the《Infinite Storage》and serve it to the Risner family .

Of course, I handed it to Allen and Elena too .

[This is good, isn’t it! It’s jiggly and easy to eat]

[That’s right . It’s feeling nice and cold, and it’s very delicious]

[[It’s delicious!]]

The Risner family tries it right away . The taste seems to have a favorable opinion .

[[Onii~ chan, delish~]]

Allen and Elena stuff their cheeks in satisfaction .

[However, I have no idea what was used to make it……]

[Rigo!]

[And milk!]

[Ara, ara, Rigo is a common fruit and milk is an ingredient that is often used . I wouldn’t call them special ingredients?]

[[Eh~]]

The Risner family began to inspect the ingredients I used .

[N~…… I don’t know . May I inquire about the ingredients?]

[[Slime!]]

[[[[Eh?]]]]

Allen and Elena cheerfully answered Cedric-san’s question . The Risner family let out surprised voices .

[Ah~…… I have used slime jelly]

[Slime jelly…… is it? That thing from slimes that will do neither harm nor good?]

[That’s it]

[Something like that can be used to make something like this……]

Are? They were surprised at first, but they have a normal reaction…… did they accept it?

Are there unexpectedly no unpleasant feelings towards slime jelly?

[By the way, did Isaac eat this before?]

[No . Today is the first time I offered it to someone else besides my children]

[Is that so? Fufufu~ I can boast to Isaac with this!]

Eeh!?

Does he perhaps wants revenge because Isaac-san was boasting about the Cream bread!?

[Then, Takumi-san . Would it be possible to purchase this recipe as well?]

[I, I don’t mind, but……]

[It’s good to eat after a meal, but it would be a suitable thing to eat on hot days or when the physical condition is not good . This will sell if put out in the store! Right, Joshua!]

[…… Cedric-sama, even if you ask me that]

Cedric-san asked Joshua who was refraining behind him .

However, Joshua-san has not eaten the jelly . It would be difficult to ask for his opinion~

[How about Joshua-san tries it as well?]

I took out the jelly and recommended to Joshua-san .

Joshua-san took a glance at Cedric-san . Ah, he’s asking for Cedric-san’s permission .

[Joshua, you try it too]

[Yes . Takumi-sama, is it all right?]

[Of course]

Joshua-san who obtained Cedric-san’s permission tried the jelly right away .

[This is……]

[How is it, Joshua? It’s delicious, right?]

[Yes . As Cedric-sama said, it seems like a suitable food for times when the appetite isn’t good]

[Right? We should start securing slime jelly immediately!]

[However, Cedric-sama…… Because slime jelly is a material that everybody ignores, it would take time to gather suitable amount……]

Because slime jelly is the lowest value material, high ranked adventurers don’t bring back much .

Even if a request was sent to the Adventurer’s Guild, it will be overlooked .

[Nothing will be brought back unless we increase the price, huh……]

[I expect so]

[N~…… if that’s the case, would you like to try putting up a capture request and try cultivating them?]

Eh! Are you perhaps trying to start a slime ranch? It has somehow become an amazingly serious matter!

Cedric-san and Joshua-san moved forward in an incredible direction, I could only listen .




Chapter 62

After the unexpected passionate slime jelly talk--

[Oh yeah, Takumi-san . Please stay at our mansion while you are in Bailey]

[Eh?]

Cedric-san suddenly proposed to us .

[No, to be taken care of that much…… besides, we are already staying in an inn]

[There wouldn’t be problem canceling the inn, right?]

I thought of reservedly declining, but Cedric-san wasn’t giving up .

Well~ I don’t have a problem canceling the inn, but…… however, because I don’t know how long we will be staying in Bailey, I would feel awkward being taken care of for a long time .

However, when Cedric-san said he would like playmates for his children once in a while, I immediately surrendered . I mean, there’s not many opportunities for Allen and Elena to come in contact with children of their age . While in Bailey, I’m sincerely thankful for the opportunity of them interacting with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun .

That being the case, I have decided to stay in the Risner House’s care during our stay in Bailey .

◇ ◇ ◇

The next morning during our stay in the Risner mansion, I have woken up with the sunrise because of going to sleep earlier than usual .

Allen and Elena are already up .

[Good morning]

[[Morning~]]

[Did you sleep well?]

[[Un]]

This being the mansion of nobles, the futon in the guest room are soft and comfortable to sleep on, but our sleeping hours didn’t increase .

Because it’s still too early to be waking up, I thought of passing the time by rolling around the bed, but as I’m completely awake, I started dressing up .

Then, because at least one of the servants would be awake, we left the room seeking the permission to go to the garden .

Sure enough, we immediately found Servant-san, who told me that Cedric-san is already awake, so he guided us to him .

[Good morning]

[Takumi-san, good morning . Allen-kun and Elena-san, good morning to you too]

[[Morning~]]

Cedric-san in a dressing gown, sitting on a sofa and reading a letter .

[The sun has just come out, was the bed not to your liking?]

[No, I have rested properly . Both the children and I don’t sleep for too long, so]

[Is that so?]

[Yeah]

It seems that Cedric-san is worried that we didn’t sleep much because we woke up so early in the morning .

[Say, Allen, Elena . You have slept a lot, didn’t you?]

[[Un]]

[Soft~]

[Comfortable~]

Cedric-san didn’t seem convinced by my explanation, so I asked Allen and Elena . Thereupon, the two turned towards Cedric-san with smiles on their faces and answered .

[Is that so?]

A gentle smile floated on Cedric-san’s face after hearing that .

I don’t know whether it’s because Cedric-san looks like Isaac-san, but Allen and Elena quickly warmed up to him . There weren’t any problems even with conversations such as this .

N~…… nevertheless, it appears that Allen and Elena liked the soft bed very much . The inn we were staying at wasn’t a cheap inn, but as expected, the quality is entirely different . If it’s like this, I should get a good futon in the near future .

[Cedric-san is early as well, aren’t you?]

[Yes, a reply came from Isaac to the letter I sent him yesterday]

Eh? A reply to a letter that was sent yesterday?!

I asked because I was curious and was told something unexpected .

[Isn’t that too fast? Doesn’t one-way letter delivery usually take about one month?]

[Ah, Takumi-san comes from a rural village, don’t you?]

[Y, yeah……]

…… Rural village . Which reminds me, there was such setting . I have completely forgotten .

[In that case, it’s no wonder you are not aware of the existence of the transfer magic tool]

[Transfer magic tool, is it? Those in dungeons?]

[The principle is the same . It’s just that these can’t transfer people like those in the dungeons]

Transfer magic tool, as the name suggest, is a magic tool that allows sending items over a long distance . Unlike the transfer device in the dungeons, it’s a magic tool large enough to be held in both hands which apparently can’t transfer people .

On top of being able to transfer only to a place with the same magic tool, it can only send letters and small items like accessories .

But, in this world where conversations are the mainstream exchange, this magic tool is convenient .

Also, it appears that the transfer magic tool can’t be produced by people’s hands and there’s no other way than to acquire it in dungeons . Even though researchers have been studying the magic tool for many years, it appears that it’s impossible to reproduce .

It seems that a magic tool that transfers people like the ones in the dungeons is like a dream within a dream .

[Does that mean you can deliver items anywhere as long as that place has the same magic tool?]

Isn’t that dangerous in a sense?

It would be possible to deliver explosives to the destination and destroy it .

[No . These magic tools have something akin to an individual recognition code . It’s possible to send only to magical tools that have registered that code]

It seems that transfer magic tools (simplified) have individual codes which are registered with the first transfer .

It appears that one-way transfer is possible depending on the code is registered .

Naturally, the registrations in the castle and other important places are limited, and the exchanges between countries are apparently dealt firmly in establishments in separate places .

Besides, it appears that the magic tools owned by the country are nearly all currently located in Adventurer’s Guilds .

Because they can be obtained only in dungeons, most of them are acquired by adventurers, so it’s only inevitable that the Adventurer’s Guilds will purchase them .

Thus, the transfer magic tools in the Adventurer’s Guilds are used to send and deliver letters .

The fee is higher than delivery by carriage or fast horse, but the fee is apparently set to a price that even common folk would be able to use it .

The biggest advantage is the fast delivery .

[So Adventurer’s Guild also had such use, I see . I didn’t know . Then, since it’s possible to deliver between the branches of Adventurer’s Guilds, is it possible to send letters even to the foreign countries?]

[Yeah, that’s right . Adventurer’s Guilds all over the world are branches of one establishment, so they have the codes registered . This letter also went through the Adventurer’s Guild and was delivered just a little while ago . It was delivered as an urgent case before the sunrise]

[Urgent? Did anything happen?]

[No . Isaac just deliberately send it like that]

[Hee?]

[It appears he was frustrated by my boasting . Well, in other words, he’s harassing me]

[Boasting? Harassment?]

[Yeah, I was boasting in the letter I sent yesterday how good the slime jelly tasted . Of course, I even told him that you would teach me the way of making Cream bread]

[Eh!?]

Does that mean that Cedric-san wrote Isaac-san a letter in which he boasted about the slime jelly and Isaac-san who read that letter sent a reply letter urgently to be delivered before the sunrise in order to harass Cedric-san!?

These siblings, what are they doing~!?




Chapter 63

[It looks like Isaac’s hating to lose and immediately becoming irritated is still the same~ Although it was smoother over when he entered the Knights Order…… His recent reactions are quite honest . Iya~ How nostalgic]

Cedric-san is making a very relieved expression .

Was Cedric-san perhaps affectionate as well as teasing his little brother since childhood?

I see, I see . Even though Isaac-san is teasing Wald-sama, his position would be reversed if his opponent was his Oniisan~

I thought their relationship might be stormy for a moment there, but the brothers seem to be getting along well .

[By the way, Takumi-san . If possible, won’t you go with me to the harbor’s morning market?]

While thinking about the Risner brothers, Cedric-san suddenly proposed such .

[Morning market? tte, won’t it cause a ruckus if Cedric-san goes?]

[I will naturally go incognito]

[……]

Incognito, huh……

Well, I don’t mind . “Big shots = traveling incognito,” is often the case anyway……

[It seems there has been recently unusual food served in a harbor stall]

[Unusual food?]

[Yes . They have started selling just a few days ago, but it’s so popular that they have long queues every day and reputable for its great taste . Therefore, I thought to go to check it out]

[Hee~ that’s indeed interesting]

Popular enough to create queues, that’s certainly interesting .

They were selling a few days before when we went to the morning market, didn’t they? However, I have not seen any long queues~ Were they already sold out when we were there?

[I thought I would go there while inspecting]

[You want us to accompany you?]

[Please, by all means . I thought about bringing my sons along as well . Allen-kun, Elen-san, do you mind morning market’s street stall food for breakfast?]

[[U?]]

[It’s the place where a lot if fish is sold . He’s asking whether you’re fine with having a meal there]

[[Un! Alright~]]

[Is that so? Then, I will make the preparations immediately . I’m sorry, but please wait for a moment]

[No, please take your time]

That being the case, we have arrived at the harbor’s morning market’s plaza together with Cedric-san, Theodore-kun, and Latis-kun .

Cedric-san wanted to go without guards at first, but it would be hard to deal with if something happened, so three guards including Joshua-san went along .

Surprisingly, Joshua-san is an all-purpose butler who can be a guard as well!

[Chichiue~ It’s that place, isn’t it!]

[Yeah . It seems so]

[Let’s go quickly!]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun urge Cedric-san and pull him by his hands .

It has a feeling of exciting outing with their father .

N? Allen and Elena are jii~ staring at the Risner parent and children…… and frequently glance at me? Is this possibly?

Which reminds me, when walking with Allen and Elena, they either hold my clothes, or I’m carrying them in my arms, we hardly walk while holding hands, don’t we?

The two stare at the Risner parent and children again . This is without a doubt, right?

[Allen, Elena . Here]

When I call Allen and Elene and extend my hands, as I thought, they both immediately grasp my hands .

[[Ehehe~]]

They were so happy they showed me grinning smiles and imitating Theodore-kun and Latis-kun, they guided me by hands to the end of the stall’s queue .

Nevertheless, the queue is as incredible as Cedric-san said . It appears true that the stall is popular .

[What an incredible people . I wonder what he’s selling?]

[He appears to be shellfish, but I heard he uses a flavoring that was not used until now . If I’m not mistaken…… they are using a flavoring called soy sauce]

[………… Soy sauce]

Hahaha~…… no way, right……

[……]

I thought it was needless thoughts, but as we advance in the queue, we approach the stall little by little, and I smelled something familiar .

[[Ah!]]

[Ah~……]

Allen and Elena saw the scallops stall owner and raised their voices .

As expected…… it’s the stall owner I thought the butter and soy sauce scallops . What he’s selling is precisely that .

[Is something wrong?]

[Iya…… well, you see……]

[N? Ooh! Isn’t that Anchan and the children!]

Now then, how do I explain this……

While worried how to explain to Cedric-san, the stall owner noticed us and waved his hand .

[What’s that, Anchan? Are you perhaps waiting in the queue? There’s no need for Anchan to line up . No matter what, this is something Anchan has taught me . Are those Anchan’s companions? Look, come here and eat without reservation!]

[…… Takumi-san?]

[……]

Ahh…… I feel like Cedric-san’s eyes are asking “What does this mean?”

[No…… umm……]

[Is it true that Takumi-san taught him this?]

[…… Yes . On the day we arrived in this town……]

Naturally, I explain everything that happened on the day I arrived in this town .

[Haa……]

Cedric-san who listened to my explanation deeply sighed .

Somehow…… I’m really sorry? It’s not like I did something wrong, but it feels like I caused some trouble?

First of all, let’s eat some scallops?

[…… It’s delicious, isn’t it?]

[[Takumi-san, it’s delicious!]]

It appears the butter and soy sauce scallops suited the Risner parent and children’s tastes .

[Takumi-san, could you tell me what this soy sauce is?]

[Ah, yes . It’s a sap from tree called Koikuchi that grows in dungeons]

[Is that so? Then, is it sold by shops dealing with dungeon items?]

[That’s right]

Apparently, Cedric-san is pleased with the taste of soy sauce and decided to stop by a shop dealing with dungeon items next .

Looking at the people gathered at this stall, it’s easy to tell that the people of Aetherdia have accepted the taste of soy sauce, so why would they not use it before? Strange .

[[Onii~ chan]]

[Un?]

[[One more, please~]]

Allen and Elena love this taste, don’t they?




Chapter 64

The largest or second largest commercial company in the Guardia country・Fiji Company .

It’s a company that deals in food and monster materials, managing many shops and of course, they also deal with the goods found in dungeons .

The main store of the Fiji Company is in the royal capital, but they have many branch stores, and one of those is also located in Bailey .

[My my, Risner-sama . To think Risner-sama himself would visit our store directly! What may I help you with today?]

After leaving from the morning market’s plaza, we have visited the Fiji Company together with Cedric-san and others . Thereupon, we had no appointment, but the branch manager immediately appeared at the storefront .

It seems like there was an employee who has recognized Cedric-san and immediately went to inform the branch manager .

[I’m sorry for the sudden visit . Actually, I’m looking for an article called soy sauce, I wonder if you are dealing with soy sauce here?]

[Oya? Risner-sama desires the soy sauce too? Of course, we are dealing with them in this store]

It appears that the Fiji Company is dealing with soy sauce .

Moreover, from the branch manager’s words, there were other customers in search of soy sauce .

[That’s relief . As expected, the demand has increased, hasn’t it?]

[Yes . It has suddenly increased in the last two-three days . It apparently has something to do with the harbor’s street stall]

[Oya, you know of it? As expected of this store’s manager, you are well-informed]

[Information is the life force of bussiness]

[I’m ashamed to say, but I have not known of this flavoring until just recently]

[No, no, soy sauce is a commodity that finally came to light just recently, it can be said that it’s only natural that Risner-sama didn’t know of it . Me too, in spite of managing a store, I didn’t give it much heed]

Cedric-san and the branch manager are smiling on the surface, but it has some tingling feeling . Furthermore, the[Fufufu]and[Hahaha~]I hear at the end of their sentences…… it must be just my imagination .

[So, Risner-sama . Have you visited our store to purchase the soy sauce today then?]

[That too, but there’s something else . Do you have time?]

[Of course . Ah, I’m sorry for making you talk while standing at such place . I will immediately guide you to the reception office]

[Yes, thank you very much . --Then, Takumi-san]

[Y, yes!]

Because I was completely absorbed in thoughts, I got startled when Cedric-san called to me .

[I will talk with the branch manager for a while, so, I’m sorry but--]

[Yes, we will look around at the products they have here, please don’t mind us!]

Because I wanted to be excused from going to the reception office, I told Cedric-san that we will wait here before he could say anything .

[Is that so, I understand . Ah, I’m sorry but can I leave my sons with you?]

[Yes, don’t worry]

[Then, thank you]

Saying such, Cedric-san followed after the branch manager to the reception office inside the store .

Thus, while the two are talking, we have decided to have other employees guide us around the store .

The place we were guided to was not shelves of goods for ordinary customers, but a warehouse with all kinds of goods .

Because there are many goods that are not displayed at the storefront, normal customers won’t be guided here unless they are special customers . Because feudal lord’s companions are special, I have gratefully let them guide me to the ingredient section .

I mean, if they have goods that they are not displaying at the storefront, they might have ingredients that I have not laid my hands on yet, right?

It turned into the feudal lord’s sons accompanying me while I do as I please, but because the two were interested, I decided to do what I wanted to .

That being the case, it’s the three of us, me, Allen, Elen, plus Theodore-kun, Latis-kun, and Joshua-san, the six of us in total . The other two guards went together with Cedric-san .

[[Ah! Anko~]]

Immediately after being shown to the warehouse, Allen and Elena found something they recognized, but--

[Allen, Elena . Those are red beans]

[[Red beans~?]]

[That’s right . Anko is sweetened boiled red beans]

Allen and Elena seem to think that the red beans I used to make the bean paste are called[Anko] .

[[Red beans~ Swe~et one is anko~]]

[Un, that’s right]

It’s not like all red beans made sweet are anko, but…… they are not wrong, oh well .

[Takumi-san, what is[Anko]?]

Theodore-kun who heard the exchange of the children and me became curious about what anko is .

[Umm…… have you heard from Otousan about Anpan?]

[Ah! I heard about that . It’s one of the new bread that recently became popular, isn’t it! I heard that Cream bread and Anpan can be eaten only in the town of Shirin where Ojiisama is!]

[Ah~…… yes, that’s it . It’s the filling of that Anpan . It’s made from these red beans]

[Eh, is that so!?]

[This will become Anpan?]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun are listening while surprised .

Thus, Joshua-san and the employee who guided us looked at us with surprised expressions .

[Takumi-san, do you mind talking over here?]

[N?]

N? Is there a…… problem?

While doubting, Joshua-san glanced at the employee .

[Ah~……]

I finally noticed . Did I expose the method of making anko in front of the employee?

I don’t mind if the way to make anko spreads, but I don’t know how the Lauren House and Risner House would feel about that……

[Umm, from now on, I’m supposed to teach how to make Anpan to a shop recommended by Cedric-san . And, if the store starts selling Anpan, they will have to purchase red beans on a regular basis……]

[Let’s sign the contract of purchase!]

Joshua-san begins to speak with the employee at his side .

Perhaps, will the content of the contract include the incorporation of secrecy?

Joshua-san, I’m sorry for increasing your work, but I will leave it to you .

[Theodore-kun, I’m sorry . If I say carelessly, even more, I will make troubles for your Otousan, so I will answer what you want to know once we return, okay?]

[Yes, thank you very much . But, I will be able to eat Anpan, won’t I! I’m looking forward to it!]

[I’m looking forward to it as well!]

[Is that so~ Then, I will make them with my best effort, so look forward to it]

[[Yes!]]

While Joshua-san and others were talking, I looked at the things around .

This place is apparently a place where all beans are stored . In addition to the red beans, black beans and almost the same as soybean[Round beans], there was something called [Flower Beans] that I have never seen .

[Ah, this is……]

There, I found familiar beans in a bottle .

It’s a black oval of the size of the thumbnail with a cracky dent . It’s slightly larger than those I know of, but the delicate smell is familiar .

[Oya, does Takumi-san know of Kahee Beans?]

[Kahe~ beans?]

The employee who seems to have finished talking with Joshua-san taught me the name of the beans I was looking at .

Kahe~…… Ahh, Kahee, is it? In Syl’s knowledge, the beans themselves are not suitable for edible use, but the extracted liquids are drinkable . That means, no need to guess, this are coffee beans, aren’t they!

[It’s my first time seeing the real thing . These are already roasted, aren’t they? Are these used with water or hot water to make a black colored beverage?]

[Yeah, that’s right]

It’s coffee! Coffee!

I found coffee!

[These Kahee Beans are Risner’s domestic production luxury item, so our country is not that familiar with them yet, but they are popular among nobles . I’m surprised Takumi-san was aware]

[Well, I have a moderate knowledge about foodstuff……]

It’s all knowledge imprinted by Syl, though .

[Is it possible to sell me these Kahee Beans?]

[We surely can, but the price is a little expensive?]

[That’s fine . By the way, do you have a tool that handles these beans here?]

[Yes, we have . Shall I prepare that as well?]

[Yes please]

Yosh! If they have a grinder, it looks like I will be able to make a coffee soon♪

Coffee after so long . Let’s make it immediately after we return!

While cheerful that I obtained coffee beans, Cedric-san and the branch manager who seemed to finish discussing returned .

[Thank you for waiting]

[No, it wasn’t that--…… N?]

[Takumi-san, what’s wrong?]

I caught the sight of the mark on the documents Cedric-san held . That’s probably the crest of this store .

Looking carefully, isn’t it drawn everywhere including the shelves and bags?

Then, I remembered . That I have seen a branch of this store before, or not…… a different place . Where did I……?

N~…… ah! That thing! I remember .

The sunken ship in the Mermaid Village! The marks drawn on the body and flags of the ship should be the same as this mark!




Chapter 65

[Cedric-san, do you know of Dietlinde?]

[Dietlinde, is it? …… If I’m not mistaken, I heard such name in a report documents before…… Ah! Wasn’t it the sunken ship of this store?]

[Yes, that’s right . There fortunately were no casualties, but that was a really heavy blow……]

Yeah, as I thought, that mark is this store’s mark without a doubt .

[In fact, the ship--Dietlinde, that sunk to the bottom of the sea, I have recovered it……]

[[…… Yes?]]

When I convey that I have recovered the sunken ship, Cedric-san and the branch manager-san stare at me with absentminded expressions .

[…… The ship has sunk, you know?]

[Yes, I have found it at the bottom of the sea]

[…… I think the report said it sunk quite deep, though……]

[Just a bit of long-distance swim]

[…… The ship should be a large model, how did you recover it?]

[I can use《Infinite Storage》 . You have not heard from Isaac-san?]

[…………]

Cedric-san asks questions one after another, but after I simply answer them, he eventually becomes silent .

I thought that Isaac-san reported everything about me, but it appears he didn’t tell Cedric-san about this .

I see, he didn’t know about the《Infinite Storage》…… it appears I have exposed myself .

Well,《Infinite Storage》is convenient . I have gotten used to the life on Aetherdia too, it would be troublesome to keep on hiding it……

[I’m sorry . I have not heard from Isaac about this . Have you really recovered Dietlinde?]

[Yes]

[So, what does Takumi-san want to do with that ship?]

[Eh? Wouldn’t you normally return it?]

Because I picked up a lost item, I feel like it should have been returned to the owner, but……

N~? In Japan, found articles have to be delivered to the police . It should have been a usurpation if I took it…… what, is it different over here?

The way Cedric-san is speaking, it makes him sound as if I didn’t have to return it .

[Then, will you return that ship to the owner?]

[Yeah . It seems to be loaded with cargo . Well, it has sunk, so I don’t know what happened to the contents, but I think there should also be things that are safe]

Because the ship has sunk while stacked with cargo, I think there should be a considerable loss . Therefore, I think it would be nice if something was saved, even if little .

[Do you intend not to receive any compensation?]

[Yeah, that was my intention, but? Ah, if the burden of disposal is greater than what came back to you, I won’t force you to take it back?]

Even if you recover what you can still use, there are cases where dismantling and disposing of the damaged goods will cost you, right? In that case, I wouldn’t mind letting it fertilize in the《Infinite Storage》, you see .

[No! I think there are more things to obtain . Isn’t that so?]

[Yes! Just as you said!]

When Cedric-san asks, the branch manager agrees exaggeratedly .

I’m told that ships on Aetherdia move with magic stones, and the magic stone used on this ship is considerably large and fairly valuable .

Apparently, because the cause of the sinking was damage in the ship’s bottom which caused flooding, the magic stone has no problems and recovering that magic stone will sharply decrease the losses .

Listening further, found articles on Aetherdia are apparently fine to keep by those who find them . Even if you know the owner .

What’s easy to understand is goods stolen by bandits . Those who exterminate the bandits have the rights to keep the stolen goods . In case the owner wants to recover the stolen goods by any means, he must buy back the goods with an appropriate amount of money .

While listening to Cedric-san’s explanation, which reminds me, I have such knowledge, don’t I~ I suddenly recall . It appears that considering Earth standards is mostly no good .

[Is that fine? If you sell the magic stone used in the ship, you could acquire a lot of money, you know?]

[I’m good on money . I will return the ship to the company]

The amount of money needed for repurchase is settled by the person who has the goods, so there’s no problem even if you return it for free . If that’s the case, I will choose that .

When I said so, the branch manager made an expression as if bursting into tears .

Well, if a ship loaded with cargo sank, it would cause a considerable amount of damage . You would cry if the losses could decrease even a little, wouldn’t you~

Anyhow, as it would be better to check the ship and the cargo, we decide to move to a warehouse owned by the Fiji Company at the pier .

[[Onii~ chan, where to~?]]

[N? Does Allen and Elena remember the sunken ship?]

[[Ship~?]]

[Right . The one Mirena-san asked me to[Remove]]

[[Un, remember~]]

[That ship you see, I have found the person who lost it, so I’m going to return it]

[[Return~? Why~?]]

Ehh!? Why? N~…… Why, huh……

[Umm…… you see? What would Allen and Elena do if the person walking in front of them lost something?]

[[Pick up~?]]

[That’s right . Then, what after picking it up?]

[[Give back~?]]

[It’s the same . Oniichan also picked up the ship, so I’m returning it to the owner]

[[I see~]]

The two seem to be convinced .

Strictly speaking, this is a little bit different, but I would like for Allen and Elena to return lost items to their owners . This should be okay .

When we arrive at the warehouse, I immediately retrieve Dietlinde from the《Inifnite Storage》 .

For a moment, I thought that sea water might flow out when I take it out, but such thing didn’t happen . It seems that when I collected the[Ship], the sea water it was flooded in didn’t come with it . I’m glad~

[This is it . Is there no mistake?]

[T, there’s no mistake! That’s our ship!]

When I try to confirm, the branch manager who saw the ship shouts .

In addition, I heard Theodore-kun saying[Ama~zing], Latis-kun admiring with[Seriously……]and[A ship this big……]among others from the guards and employees .

I know that the sizes of《Infinite Storages》are different, but perhaps, something of this size wouldn’t…… fit in? No, it can’t be .

However, I’m removing the ban on《Infinite Storage》 . It may be standing out, but let’s leave it on a high magical power .

So, about the Dietlinde, it appears to be Fiji Company’s ship without a doubt . Besides, as I thought, the mark on the hull is same as Fiji Company’s mark . I made no mistake .

If that’s the case, it doesn’t seem to be necessary to investigate whether this is Fiji Company’s ship or not .

[Then, is it okay to return it?]

[Yes! Thank you very much!!]

That being the case, I was able to return Dietlinde to the proper owner safely .

However, I didn’t expect that the branch manager would give me the coffee beans, the necessary tools, and other thigs I wanted to buy free of charge .

I felt bad and tried to pay for it, but Cedric-san told me it would be better to accept at least hat much . That being the case, I obediently accepted it and we left the company .




Chapter 66

By becoming acquaintanced with the Fiji Company, I was able to find spices I have not yet obtained . This being a harbor trade town, they have everything which couldn’t be found in Shirin .

In Shirin, I have obtained red chili pepper, black pepper, garlic, ginger, and cumin . And in Bailey, I purchased turmeric, cardamon, coriander, and clove .

I recognize them as ingredients for cooking, but they are used as materials for medicines and are not sold in food stores, but pharmacies instead .

They were used in Oriental medicine on Earth as well . I’m much obligated to turmeric hangover drink .

Since I have gathered so many spices, I want to make a curry . Curry and rice!

It’s a Japanese staple home cooking said to rarely have people who dislike it! I want to eat curry and rice soon!

Long ago, I have been curious about spices used in the curry and looked them up on the internet, so I somehow remember the used spices . Therefore, let’s collected the ingredients!

…… It’s just, as expected, I don’t remember the spice blend .

If i recall correctly, turmeric was somewhat larger in quantity, and the other spices should be completely different depending on the curry you make .

You can use many things to suppress the bad smell in a meat curry or use many things to complement the vegetable curry . The spiciness is naturally adjusted with the red chili pepper .

In short, it changes significantly depending on preferences .

Therefore, if I add the spices little by little, even I should be able to make it .

That being the case, let’s challenge making curry right away!

◇ ◇ ◇

I have borrowed a place to prepare the food in the Risner mansion’s garden .

At first, I thought of borrowing a section in the kitchen, but what I’m making is a curry, so…… I would feel really sorry if the scent of curry stained the mansion .

I even intended to go outside the town .

Now then, I’m making a curry, but what Curry will I make today?

Seafood curry is good too, but it’s my first time today, so I think that orthodoxly basic curry would be better .

Onions, carrots, potatoes . Because there’s no ordinary pork meat, Orc meat should be fine .

I stir-fry the meat and vegetables cut into bite sizes, and put it in the soup stock I made beforehand . I cook until the fire hits the vegetables .

Meanwhile, I prepare another frying pan, I cook oil and wheat while paying attention not to burn them, and add a suitable combination of spices . I pour in the broth made in a pot from boiling vegetables little by little, so it wouldn’t make any lumps, and then put it back in the pot .

[[Stir~]]

[Un . Then, I will leave it to you]

[[Un!]]

Allen and Elena have volunteered to help out, so I leave the stirring of the pot to them .

Next, I have to put in a subtle seasoning to bring out the flavor . The classic stuff when making a curry is ketchup and Worcester sauce, but…… I don’t have either of them, huhh~ Ah, maybe I can use Turi fruit paste?

I also often heard of chocolate and coffee powder?

I have not found chocolate yet, and it’s not like I can just crush the Kahee beans into powder…… let’s take the simple approach here and use Rigo fruit and honey .

I’m suppressing the spiciness as much as possible, so Allen and Elena could eat it too, but it will become rather sweet if I put Rigo and honey in .

[Yosh! This should be fine . Allen, Elena, thank you . That’s enough~]

[[Ye~s]]

Well, all that’s left is to slowly let it simmer, so shall we get a little bit unfair?

[《Aging》]

A Space-time magic I have learned just recently,《Aging》 . This is a magic which makes the time of the target pass . By the way, this magic works only on non-creatures .

Using this magic, the curry matured instantly . And that’s it .

I scoop the finished curry and sample it at once .

[Oh, feels nice]

It’s not spicy enough for me, but the taste is quite delicious .

Like this, even Allen and Elena will be able to eat it .

[Here, Allen, Elena . Say ahh~]

[[Ahh~]]

[How is it? Is it spicy?]

[[Delish~]]

It seems the spiciness was suppressed to the extent that the two can eat it without any problems .

Then, let’s write the blend of spices down before I forget . And, it would be better to use it as a base to improve the taste little by little .

[[Uniyu~]]

[N, what’s wrong? Was it spicy after all?]

Allen and Elena pull on my clothes as if to complain about something .

[[Onii~ chan]]

[What is it?]

[[Many~]]

[Eh?]

[[There~]]

[Haa?]

When I looked where Allen and Elena were pointing, I saw people peeking from shadows at us .

Risner parents and children, the servants working at the Risner mansion, even Knights are there . I have not noticed the large number of people who have gathered until now because I was absorbed in making the curry .

It’s my carelessness that I have not noticed them even though so many people gathered, but…… they were hiding so well I thought they have【Concealment】or【Seclusion】skills .

[………… What are you doing in a place like that?]

[But, Takumi-san! I smell such delicious fragrance!]

[Ah~……]

Cedric-san said as the representative of the crowd .

It appears they were lured by the scent of curry .

As expected of curry! To lure people to this extent……

[Takumi-san, what is that?]

[It’s a dish called Curry from my hometown]

[Curry, is it?]

[Yes, that’s right]

Before we noticed, Cedric-san was peeking at the contents of the pot .

[It smells nice, but an incredible color it has]

[Both the fragrance and color turned out like this because several herbs were used]

[Herbs?! Even though it smells so appetizing?]

[That’s right]

Following after Cedric-san, Theodore-kun, Latis-kun, and naturally, the other people gathered around us .

[……]

How do I control this situation?

N~ Should I let them eat right away? But, there’s not that much of it . Would they leave if I let them have a lick of taste, I wonder……

This, I will have to prepare a large amount……?

Fortunately, the taste is satisfactory, and I have a large quantity of spices and ingredients in the stock .

[I will make everyone’s portion in time for the din--]

[Really!??]

The people curiously staring at the pot instantly reacted to my words and raised their voices .

I beg you, let me speak until the end!

Ah, right, right . These people would eat bread instead of rice, and as expected, I will have to prepare other dishes with the curry . There are chefs among the people as well, so shall I tell them?

[Excuse me . This is more or less supposed to be a soup, so bread, salad, and necessary main di--]

[[[Leave it to us!]]]

Therefore, let me talk until the end!!

When it got decided that they will be able to have a dinner, the gathered people returned to their posts .

Thus, because the curry will be for dinner, I have stored our lunch curry without eating it into the《Infinite Storage》, and decided to have a lunch of a simple Cream bread and Anpan .

Well, they are Allen and Elena’s favorite, so they had no problem with the change of menu .

After finishing the lunch, I wanted to start making curry again, but…… let’s make seafood curry next? The people here are familiar with marine products, after all .

For the second time of making curry, I kept in mind to use wind magic to fire the fragrance of curry high to the skies .

Thanks to that, there has been no terror caused by the smell .

And then, at dinner time, the curry was well-received, and the somewhat larger amount of curry splendidly disappeared .




Chapter 67

And, at dinner time--

[Yeah . This dish has a really nice fragrance, after all]

It’s us, Cedric-san, Theodore-kun, and Latis-kun at the Risner mansion’s dining room .

Their daughter seems to be feeling slightly unsettled, so Olivie-san is with her .

[Chichiue~ I want to eat already~]

[Already~]

[That’s so, isn’t it? Then, let’s eat]

[[Yes, itadakimasu]]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun urged Cedric-san that they want to eat .

Then, when the dinner started, the Risner parent and children ate the curry before anything else .

[[Delicious!]]

[This is……]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun expressed their honest impression . Because Allen and Elena have tasted it beforehand, I thought it was fine, but I’m glad it suits their tastes .

Cedric-san didn’t give his direct thoughts, but his expression speaks for all .

[Allen, Elena, let’s eat as well]

[[Un! Itadakima~su]]

Since I have confirmed the Risner parent and children reactions, I have decided to eat as well .

I’m slightly regretful that I had to give up on rice for bread because we are eating with Risners, but…… I will definitely eat curry and rice before long!

[[Onii~ chan, this is delish too~]]

[Is that so? I’m glad~ Eat lots, okay?]

[[Un]]

The classic curry I’ve made during the day and this seafood curry taste quite differently, but it appears the children like even this curry .

[It’s really good]

[The jelly was delicious too, but to be able to even make a dish like this, Takumi-san is really incredible]

[[Onii~ chan, incredible~?]]

[Yes, incredible]

[Takumi-san is amazing]

[[Un, Onii~ chan is incredbile~ Ehehe~]]

Ooh? Allen and Elena who have not talked with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun yet are suddenly having a conversation . That the topic is me is a little bit, but……

[Onii~ chan’s meals are delish~]

[Eating lots~]

[Is that so? Takumi-san, may I have seconds please?]

[Me too!]

[Of course, I don’t mind . Eat a lot . How about Allen and Elena?]

[[Will eat~]]

The four children who are getting along well want second helpings .

While such harmonious air was drifting, Cedric-san who silently ate the curry suddenly stood up from his chair .

[Takumi-san!! This dish called curry is very wonderful! Such complex yet complete taste! In addition--]

And he suddenly became speaking out his impression like a food critic .

…… What to do? Cedric-san’s is different from the usual .

Have I perhaps mixed something strange into the curry? Is this world’s cardamon or clover actually used as stimulant medicine or something……

It was such doubtful scene .

Cedric-san’s sons Theodore-kun and Latis-kun were watching their father dumbfoundedly .

[Chichiue, you are entirely different from usual……]

[Un . It’s my first time seeing such Chichiue~]

Cedric-san was talking about the deliciousness of curry for ten minutes straight .

[It has been a while since I’ve gotten so passionate . Yeah, we are already fine, so you guys come down and eat too . Takumi-san, you don’t mind, do you?]

[…… N, no, it’s alright]

Ah, it’s the usual Cedric-san .

Apparently, the servants were restless from wanting to eat the curry, so Cedric-san did a tactful thing and allowed them to leave the room .

I have left a large pot of curry in the kitchen before the dinner, but because the servants can’t eat before the Lord of this house, Cedric-san, they had to standby .

Since they have gotten the permission to eat the curry, they are probably moving to the kitchen now .

The servants waiting at the table withdrew and after a few minutes--

--Batan!

Suddenly, the door of the dining room was opened with a loud noise .

[Head Chef? What is the matter?]

It was the Head Chef of the Risner House who entered the dining room .

Cedric-san spoke to the Head Chef who entered in a rush .

[Excuse me, Dannasama! I’m aware that I’m being discourteous, but I couldn’t stay still after tasting that dish……]

[That means, you were impressed by Takumi-san’s dish?]

The Head Chef instantly moved to my side and suddenly kneeled on the floor .

[Takumi-sama! That dish called curry is wonderful! It’s my first time experiencing such impact from eating a dish after such a long time! By all means, please make me your apprentice!]

[Eeh?!]

A, apprentice?! What is this Head Chef saying all of sudden!?

[…… Umm, I’m sorry]

[Eh!? Why!? Are my abilities not enough?! Even though I look like this, I have been earnestly cooking until now! W, what am I lacking~?]

No, I’m not a cook in the first place, so I can’t take an apprentice . Therefore, I refused, but the Head Chef doesn’t seem to be convinced .

[Now there, Riyan . You must not trouble Takumi-san too much . Takumi-san is not a cook but a simple adventurer, so it’s not like he can take an apprentice]

It’s exactly like that .

[However, Dannasama~]

[Well, I understand what Riyan is trying to say . Cream bread and Jelly, butter and soy sauce scallops, and now the curry . After making so many new dishes, it would be weird if you weren’t a cook]

[Ehh……]

…… He said something rude . To call me weird……

[Takumi-san . Apprentice might be unreasonable, but are you planning on putting the curry spices on market?]

Eh? Putting the curry spices on the market?

[Umm…… do you mean you would like to buy the recipe?]

[No, I don’t wish to buy it individually like the Cream bread, but I think it’s something that should be sold to a lot of people with a formal contract with a company]

The talk became somewhat big, didn’t it~ But--

[I haven’t thought about it]

[May I inquire why?]

[Yeah . Half of the ingredients used for the curry spice are used as medicinal plants . Using it individually would be rather more preferable, as it would be necessary to purchase the ingredients in large quantities otherwise . Therefore, I would like to avoid a sudden price jump of herbs used in medicine]

If you suddenly start using herbs like seasonings, won’t the price skyrocket with a high demand? If so, there would be people who won’t be able to afford medicine anymore, I don’t want that .

[I see, there’s certainly a possibility of that . I will investigate a little, but if there’s no problem around that area, would you consider selling it?]

[Yes . That wouldn’t be a problem]

Cedric-san will conduct a market research regarding the sale of the curry spice, but it has been decided that I will tell Cedric-san only the spices that are used in medicine .




Chapter 68

After the meal, we decided to move to the lounge and chat with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun .

Incidentally, Cedric-san apparently still has to work, so he returned to his office .

[Takumi-san, what monsters have you defeated so far?]

[What kind of place is a dungeon?]

[Umm…… you two have interest in such stories?]

[[Yes!]]

[Stories about defeating dragons are my favorite]

[Mine too!]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun apparently love stories about adventure and heroic tales, so they asked about the stories of our actual experiences .

Therefore, I decided to talk a bit about the incident in Shirin .

[Allen-kun and Elena-chan are going on adventures together with Takumi-san, right? Isn’t it dangerous?]

[Ah~…… well, it’s not like there’s no danger, but you see . Allen and Elena are strong~]

[Strong?]

[Un, strong~]

[Stronger than a wolf?]

[Than a goblin?]

[If it’s a wolf or a goblin, the two can easily defeat it~]

[[Ooh~]]

[Amazing!]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun look at Allen and Elena with eyes full of respect .

[[……]]

As if shy by that, Allen and Elena who are sitting on both of my sides cling to my and hide their faces to escape .

[Look, Allen, Elena . You are being praised as amazing, you know?]

[[Uniyu~……]]

The two press and shake their heads from side to side against me . This is not shyness……

[It seems they got so happy from being praised they got embarrased]

[Is that so?]

[It’s like that, isn’t it?]

[[Uniyu~]]

When I say that, Allen and Elena press and shake their heads again .

No, this is adorable, but!

My cheeks loosened from seeing their unusual reaction .

After that, when I continued talking with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun for a while, Allen and Elena started participating in the conversation little by little .

Did they get a little bit closer?

◇ ◇ ◇

[This will be finished after it boils down]

[Read beans could be used in such way, huh]

Today, we have come to the Risner House’s affiliated bakery . That is, of course, to teach them how to make Cream bread and Anpan .

Although I say that, because the jam buns have already spread, they know the way to insert the filling into the bread dough, so I’m only teaching them custard cream and red bean paste recipes .

Oh well, because the other side are pros, they were able to make it after I showed it once without any problem .

[That’s all for the recipe . Because I tink the boiling down and sweetness should be left to the store’s preferences, please make it several times and search for the best one]

[It’s certainly necessary to make it several times with various sweetness levels, but regarding how to make it, we will follow what we were taught . Iya~ nevertheless, it’s like a dream to be able to make Cream bread and Anpan in our store!]

The shop manager has a very splendid store since he’s a purveyor to a noble’s house, but his personality is very broad-minded, so because he was polite person right from the start, the teaching session progressed very smoothly . As expected of a person chosen by Cedric-san .

Becuase my instruction ended, I decided to make a new bread from here .

First, I mixed the liquid I just obtained by extracting it from Kahee beans with the custard cream and made a Cream bread with that .

It’s faintly bitter, but I think even Allen and Elena would be able to eat this .

Kahee itself is a little expensive, so I don’t think it’s possible to sell this in a store, but it’s enough to enjoy it by ourselves .

Next is, as expected, a curry bread . The filling is the curry I made yesterday!

The curry made for the curry bread has plenty of finely chopped vegetables and keema curry like meat .

It’s more of a piroshki rather than a curry bread, but let’s go with a curry bread!

Speaking of curry bread, it’s generally fried in oil, but I decided to leave out frying and bake it in an oven . Because I thought there would be ruckus again if I start frying it .

I wrap the curry bread and store it in the《Inifnite Storage》 . I think I will fry later in secret . Because of that, I made a rather large amount of curry and also prepared a lot of dough .

Ah, stretching the dough and wrapping it around a sausage to make a sausage bread might be good?

It’s fine to bake it, but I would prefer to fry this as well, right~ Yosh, let’s make a large portion of this as well and store some in the《Infinite Storage》for later frying .

Next, I cut the dough which I molded into a round shape, and insert mayonnaise, tuna, and finely chopped onions . Right, it’s tuna onion bread .

Ah, I should make tunamayo sandwich too . Let’s make it next time~♪

Yosh! Only fermenting and baking is left .

The moment the bread finished baking, the children gathered around the iron plate I have taken out of the oven .

[[Everything seems so delicious!]]

[[Delish~]]

[Allen, Elena . It looks delicious, doesn’t it?]

[[Looks delish~]]

[Un, right]

In fact, today, Theodore-kun and Latis-kun came together with us for the bread making .

Although I say that, I invited them myself when Cedric-san informed me of the schedule .

Yesterday, Allen and Elena opened their hearts a little, so it was a really good timing .

[The iron plate is hot, so don’t touch it, okay~]

[Ye~s]

I removed the heat from the bread with magic and cut it into four equal pieces . Because there are six kinds, it would be certainly too much for the children to eat it all .

[Here you go]

[It’s fine to eat it?!]

[Sure it is~]

[Wa~ Itadakimasu]

[Itadakimasu]

[Here, this is Allen’s and Elena’s]

[[Un! Itadakima~su]]

The four started eating the bread at once .

[Delicious (Delish~)]

The impressed voices of the four children splendidly harmonize .

[Anpan is delicious as well]

[Aniue, the curry bread is differently delicious from the curry we ate yesterday]

[[Cre~am!]]

[That’s right . Cream bread is certainly delicious as well]

[Yes, this Kahee Cream bread is also delicious . I couldn’t drink Kahee because it was bitter, but I can eat it if it’s like this]

[[Un!]]

The four children were eating bread while talking about which they prefer . Un, un, they are getting along very well~

While observing the children getting so along--

[Takumi-dono! Every bread is really wonderful! By all means, make me your apprentice!]

[I’m sorry . I will refuse]

[T, that can’t be~……]

…… An apprentice appeared even here . This bakery’s shop manager .

Of course, I immediately refused .

[[Onii~ chan]]

Ignoring the shop manager-san who’s hanging his head, after storing the bread I’m going to take with us into the《Infinite Storage》, the children who finished eating the bread came to my side .

Because Allen and Elena were clinging to me with all their heart, they were really happy when I gently stroked their heads .

[Takumi-san, it was very delicious]

[It was delicious]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun give me their honest impressions . What a good children they are~

[Were they to your liking?]

[[Yes]]

[I see, I’m glad~ Then, your Otousan must be “still not here~” expecting us, so let’s return with some gifts]

Cedric-san wanted to go with us, but he had to stay at home to tend to the official duties .

[Ah~ Chichiue wanted to come along so much]

[He was so disappointed when Joshua told him that he couldn’t go~]

Un, he looked extremely disheartened to me as well . Moreover, he was forcibly dragged to the office by Joshua-san .

As it seems he would escape from the house when a chance arises, I think we should return earlier .

[It would be too pitiful to keep him waiting, so let’s go, everyone~]

[Ye~s]




Chapter 69

We have left from Bailey early in the morning and arrived at a certain mountain after a half day of walking .

[Joule, Feat, thank you]

[Wafu][Gau]

Although I say that, I have summoned Joule and others after getting slightly away from the town and we moved on them, so it didn’t take that much time to arrive at the destination .

[N~, would it be better if you turned small here?]

[Kyan][Naa~]

It’s unhabituated mountain, but it would be unsuitable to keep riding on Joule’s and other’s backs on this mountain, so I had them turn smaller .

The space between the trees is considerably narrower compared to the Gaya Forest, so it doesn’t seem like running around in their big forms would be good .

[Garu~]

Vector was in his small form since I summoned him . Well, although I say small, he’s as big as Allen and Elena . Rather, Vector is slightly bigger .

[Now then, what shall we do?]

[Herb~]

[Searching~]

[Eh? Herb searching? It’s not like we have accepted a request, it’s okay to play around, you know?]

When I asked the children what they want to do, they returned an unexpected reply .

I thought of receiving a request before coming here at first, but I somehow didn’t want to go to this place’s Adventurer’s Guild, so we have not received any requests today .

That’s why I thought of normally playing today, but to think they would want to do herb searching……

[Lemme see~…… ah!]

Right . It might be a good idea to look for the materials and herbs used as spices for curry . When I looked around lightly, and as I thought, I found a mint growing nearby .

[Allen, Elena . Shall we look for plants and herbs for today’s meal?]

[[Un, let’s do it~]]

Allen and Elena have displayed a great motivation .

At the same time, Joule and others drew closer to us .

[Oh, everyone will help us out?]

[Kyan][Naa~][Pii~][Garu~]

That being the case, I thought of searching for plants and herbs while strolling around the mountain, but--

[[Ah!]]

[Allen, Elena?]

Suddenly, Allen and Elena began feeling presences from the surroundings .

When I also looked around with【Detection】, I sensed several presences at some distance away .

[Ah~……]

Furthermore, they are surrounding us from all sides .

The presences are also gradually approaching us . This is obviously not the movement of animals or monsters . No need to guess, this is……

And then, after a few minutes, ten-odd people holding weapons appeared .

We are just passing by, they won’t be saying that, will they? As I thought, they are bandits, aren’t they~

When I used【Appraisal】to see their status, their occupation had properly【Bandit】beside it . We have encountered a troublesome group .

[Head~ They are a man and two brats]

[No woman, huh . You bastards, kill the man and steal the valuables . Don’t kill the brats, we are going to sell them]

[Ussu!]

It looks like fighting can’t be avoided .

Even if you kill bandits, it won’t become a crime in this world . But, I don’t think of proceeding to kill them . I do not intend to hesitate because they are dangerous, but I don’t plan on staining our hands on opponents of such degree . I would like to avoid taking lives as much as possible .

I thought of reaching my hands and pulling Allen and Elena behind me, but the two are already in a complete battle mode . Even if I tell them, they won’t obediently back away, right?

[Allen, Elena . Are you not willing to let Oniichan take care of this?]

[Allen too~]

[Elena too~]

…… Un, they are eager to act .

[Oniichan wants to be entrusted with this?]

[[………… Doing~]]

They seemed to be conflicted a little, but they don’t withdraw . How unfortunate .

[Ah~…… then, can you go easy? You must absolutely not kill, okay?]

[[Can do~]]

The two are usually obedient, but they are surprisingly belligerent .

[Joule, Feat, Bolt, and Vector will……]

[Kyan][Na~u][Pii][Garu]

…… They are fully motivated as well .

[…… You guys hold back too, okay? Please, avoid killing as much as possible]

[Kyan][Na~u][Pii][Garu]

Everyone except Bolt are in their small forms, but all of them should be able to instantly kill if going seriously .

I beg you, don’t overdo it! We obviously have too much fighting power!

[You bastards, let’s go-!]

[Ooohーーー]

With the command of the man called Head, the bandits simultaneously rushed at us .

Using it as a signal, the children faced the bandits .

[[Yaa!]]

[[Guwa……]]

[Kyan][Nnaa][Garu~]

[[[Guwa……]]]

[Piii]

[Giyaaーーー]

The bandits decreased in numbers in no time .

Ah~ Lemme see, lemme see…… un, they are fine . They didn’t die .

I thought it would be difficult to render the bandits incapable of fighting, but it appears the children can properly control their power . I’m a bit relieved .

[You bastards, what are you doing against brats, dogs, and cats!!]

[H, however, Head! These guys are str~ong!]

The Head gets angry seeing his underlings get beaten one after another, and the remaining underlings are preparing to flee .

[[Yaa!]]

[Gufu]

[Gawa]

Thus, Allen and Elena knock them out as well .

Not being able to endure, the Head faced the children while a holding a knife--

[You bastards! If you want to live--guha!]

Vector slammed into the Head with all his power .

[[[H, Head!!?]]]

[Garu~♪]

The Head flew slightly backward, but Vector’s attack was a simple ramming attack…… he will surely live……

[T, there’s no way we can win against fellows like these~~~]

[Oopsy, I won’t let you escape]

[Hiii!!]

Looking at their companions getting beaten one after another, one of the remaining bandits tried to escape .

I swiftly move behind him and place a knife against his throat .

[Are all of your companions here? Ahh, will you also tell me where your hideout is?]

[P, please wait-!]

[If you don’t answer quickly, my clumsy hand might slip, you know?]

[Hiiiiii!! Talk, I will talk! I will talk so, p, please spare me…]

When I lowered my knife, the bandit immediately answered my questions .




Chapter 70

According to what I heard from the bandit I have caught, there are less than ten of companions in the hideout .

Moreover, it seems that the hideout is in a place on this mountain .

In truth, I wanted to report the information obtained from the bandit when we returned to the town, but would it be better to clean up the hideout since it’s nearby?

[[Finished~]]

While getting the needed information from the bandit, Allen and Elena ran up to me . It appears they have defeated all of the remaining bandits .

[Welcome back . Were you able to properly hold back, I wonder~]

[[Un . Able~]]

After confirming the defeated bandits just in case, there wasn’t anyone who died .

When I tied the bandits with a rope so they couldn’t escape and wondered whether to bring them with us to the hideout, Vector looked at me with some kind of expectations .

Somehow, when I tied the end of the rope from the bundle of bandits, Vector was--

[Garu~♪]

He was easily dragging ten-odd adult men behind him in a happy mood .

I thought that Vector looked strong the first time I saw him, but it seems it was just like that .

I couldn’t be bothered, so I decide to have Vector transport the bandits .

We immediately went towards the bandit’s hideout .

Will we arrive at the hideout soon? When I used【Detection】with such thoughts, there were seven responses . These responses must be the remaining bandits .

When quietly moving from there, we immediately discovered a hideout-ish cave .

When I peeped at the situation, I saw the bandits having a drinking bout at the cave’s entrance . Their appearances are not different from the bandits we have defeated, but I use【Appraisal】to check just in case .

Un, they are bandits .

From what was told to me, the remaining numbers were around ten, so it can be said that seven is everyone…… but, because they use the inside of the cave as a dwelling, there’s a possibility of others being inside…… as expected, even my【Detection】can’t check the cave’s interior .

Well, after tidying up the people outside, should we examine the cave too?

[Yaa!]

[[Guha]]

[Kyan][Nnaa][Piii]

[[[Gyaaーーー]]]

[Garu~]

[[Ugyaa-]]

While having such thoughts, the children immediately defeated the bandits drinking at the front of the cave .

[Hahaha~]

My turn didn’t appear once again .

Well, let’s assume that it’s alright that my turn didn’t come . But, however!

[Vector! Stop chasing after the bandits while dragging bandits behind you]

Vector’s behavior was a bit intolerable, so I have cautioned him .

[Garu~n♪]

However, Vector I have cautioned returned expression that seemingly wanted to say[Eh? Why?] .

Vector should be the oldest one among the contracted beast, but…… can I settle this with being a simple-mindedness?

First of all, because I would feel awkward if the bandits we have caught with great troubles die, I unfasten them from Vector and tie them up to a nearby tree .

I ask Joule and others to watch after the bandits after tying up those who were rolling on the ground and decide to enter the cave with just me, Allen, and Elena .

[[Onii~ chan]]

[N?]

[[There~]]

Allen and Elena call me to halt and point at a wall immediately after entering the cave .

It looked just like a wall, but now that I look at it, it certainly looks suspicious . When I strongly push against the wall, the wall of rocks started moving . It was apparently a trapdoor .

[This is amazing]

When I peek behind the moving wall, there was a small room filled with casually piled up things . Money, weapons, ornaments, art, and bottles of liquor .

I guess this is the treasury room where bandits store their loot . It’s surprising to see a hidden room that can be only found in dungeons in a normal cave .

[Allen and Elena, good job noticing . You are amazing~]

[[Ehehe~]]

When I pat and praise Allen and Elena, the two get bashfully happy .

Now then, the rights to the bandit’s property--all of the various articles transfer to those who caught them, otherwise, those who have defeated them . In other words, there’s no problem for us to take it .

Therefore, I decided to store everything in the《Infinite Storage》for the time being . It would take time to sort it out . I will check the contents later .

After collecting the treasure, we continued walking to the depths of the cave .

When advancing smoothly to the depths of the cave, not meeting a single bandit on the way, we have arrived at a prison-like place .

Several women and children were locked in that prison .

When we arrive at the prison, the people inside got simultaneously scared . However, when they confirm our figures, they alternate their gazes between the children and me .

To them, it must look like I’m one of the bandits who abducted the children…… as expected, it will make me sad if they make such mistake .

But, it’s okay, right? The fright the women showed when we entered disappeared……

[Umm, we are adventurers . We have defeated the bandits, so please be at ease]

[Eh? R, really?]

[Yeah, everything is all right now . I will open the prison now]

When I appeal to them that they are okay, that it’s safe now, the voices of relief resound .

I immediately grasped the key hanging on the wall and unlocked the prison, then we took the escorted the people outside .

[…… We are saved, aren’t we?]

After getting out of the cave, the women who saw the tied up bandits muttered . There were some who even shed tears .

I was worried about having the bandits who injured them at the same place as them, so I drove away the bandits to a blind spot . I would like them to endure with that for now .

Now then, the problem now is what to do with the women and children that were caught .

There’s a distance of a half a day on foot from here to the town . It’s not an unwalkable distance, but I’m afraid they don’t currently have the strength to walk that far .

But, while that may be true, it’s not like we can leave from here to get a carriage .

Although the bandits are tightly tied up, I can’t be sure that there aren’t any survivors . Of course, a monster attack is also possible . They won’t be able to defend against that .

I could leave Allen and Elena with them, but although there wouldn’t be a problem of fighting power, the girls’ anxiety would be fanned with Allen’s and Elena’s appearances .

Conversely, staying behind myself and sending Allen and Elena to town……

In the first place, I didn’t have an opportunity to be separated from the two for a longer period of time yet . As expected, it’s impossible to perform without rehearsal .

U~n, I’m troubled…… what to do?

[Say, Joule . Could you pass a letter to the soldiers in the town?]

[Kyan]

Oh?

After wondering whether Joule or others could run to the town on my behalf, I tried asking without expectations, yet Joule gave me a reliable reply .

[Eh? Will you be really okay? Can you go to the town alone and let them know?]

[Kyan!]

When I confirm with Joule just in case, Joule barks as if saying[Leave it to me] .

Shall I leave this to Joule?

[Then, Joule . Be careful, okay?]

[Kyan]

I decided to have Joule go to the town with a letter .

The letter says that we have defeated the bandits and gained control of their hideout . I also wrote that there were women and children held prisoners in the hideout .

Then, I requested for their protection and arrangements for carriage and to escort the bandits .

Joule’s mission is to hand over that letter to someone in the town of Bailey and guide them to this place .

Just in case, I handed my identification papers to Joule, and I saw Joule off to the town .




Chapter 71

After seeing Joule off, I decided to distribute emergency food to the people who were held as prisoners . Because they seem to have not eaten anything decent for a while .

I will have Feat and Bolt continue watching over the bandits and surroundings, and I think of asking Allen and Elena to help me .

…… Vector is sprawled next to the bandits . He seems to be sleeping, so I will leave him alone .

[Allen, Elena . Come and help me for a bit~]

[[Ye~s]]

Now then, what should I cook? I think something easy to digest sounds good, but…… would a tasty soup with well-boiled ingredients be good?

[[What doing~?]]

[Could you two grind this?]

[[Un, got it~]]

I will have Allen and Elena make fish balls .

I fillet the Arrowfish we obtained in the Dungeon of Ripples and ask the two to grind them with a pestle . I don’t have a food processor, so we use a mortar and pestle for grinding medicinal plants as a substitute .

Mortar and pestle--I have acquired few sets for when making curry spices .

While Allen and Elena are working, I put water in a pot and chop vegetables one after another .

[Allen, Elena . How is it?]

[[N~?]]

I take a peek at the fish the cooperating children ground .

[Oh, it looks good~]

[[Onii~ chan, done~?]]

[Un, it’s done~ thank you]

[[Un!]]

I receive the fish paste Allen and Elena made, mix it with eggs, minced ginger, and salt…… and it’s done!

From what I remember, the method of making fish balls included potato starch, but I don’t have it so it can’t be helped . I do have corn, though~ Let’s look for the potato starch next time and use this for today!

[Allen, Elena . Next, do this like that……]

The vegetables are boiled just right, so I show them how to scoop the fish balls on a spoon and put them into the pot .

[Make them into mouthful sizes and put them in . Can you do it?]

[[Can do~]]

[The hot water will jump out if you put the fish balls in the pot too vigorously, so do it slowly, okay?]

[[Un!]]

[Yosh! Then, let’s do it]

The three of us peacefully insert the fish balls into the pot .

After the fish balls are cooked, I adjust the salty taste…… and it’s done!

The seasoning is simple with salt . I could have made it with soy sauce or miso too, but they should be more used to eating the saltiness .

[[Looks delish~]]

[Thank you . Would Allen and Elena like to eat too once we distribute it to everyone?]

[[Un!]]

Without delay, I serve the soup in bowls and distribute it to the children and women .

The tableware I had at hand wasn’t enough, but I somehow managed by using cups as soup bowls . I should get a little bit more tableware, don’t I?

A chance for distributing emergency food like that might not happen again, but I will purchase more immediately after returning just in case .

Also, on occasion, let’s purchase a proper furniture, so I don’t have to use a wooden box instead of a kitchen table . I would also like nice stools for Allen and Elena .

[[Delish~ right~]]

[Nnya~][Piii][Garu~n♪]

Allen and Elena start eating together with all contracted beasts except Joule .

When I was about to deliver the soup to Vector, he was standing on alert before the pot before I noticed…… what a calculating personality Vector has~

Once Joule returns, I will let him eat lots as a reward .

After the meal had finished, their complexions got a little better, and they also seem to have calmed down . They thanked us for the meal, and said[It was delicious]as their impressions .

After the meal, we have spent the time slowly .

Then, before the sun started setting, I could see the soldiers climbing the mountain . It seems Joule returned and brought along people .

《Goshujinsama, I have returned~!》

[Eh!?]

Joule who swiftly returned plunged into my chest .

At that time, a boyish voice resounded directly in my head .

《I was able to do it properly~ Praise me, praise me~!》

I heard the voice again . This is a【Telepathy】 .

The owner of the voice is definitely Joule .

[Yosh, yosh . Joule, thank you~]

[Kyau~n, kyau~n]

When I pat Joule who wonderfully accomplished his errand, he let out a comfortable cry .

In the meanwhile, when I confirm Joule’s status, there was【Telepathy】as I thought .

《Joule, when did you become able to use【Telepathy】?》

There are others around, so I use【Telepathy】as well and try asking Joule .

《Just a little bit ago! I was able to use it while returning! With this, I can chat with Goshujinsama~》

《That’s right~》

It appears he learned it while on the errand . With this, I’m able to communicate with Joule without speaking .

Until now, the proficiency of my【Telepathy】skill was low and I could use【Telepathy】only in a one-way . However, because Joule and others understand my speech, I didn’t find the need of using【Telepathy】 .

Although it’s a perfect skill to give instructions to others without letting others know .

《By the way, Joule . Could you stop calling me Goshujinsama?》

《Why~? Gushujinsama doesn’t like it~?》

I decided to change Joule’s way of addressing me .

Although no one would hear our conversation, being called Goshujinsama is a little bit embarrassing, so I would like to be called differently . Urgently .

《N~ Rather than not liking it, I won’t be able to get accustomed to it, or won’t be able to feel calm? Just Takumi is fine》

《Muu~》

When I told him he could call me by my name, Joule raised a displeased voice . He apparently doesn’t like to call me by my name .

《You don’t like that? Then, do you have an easy way of addressing me that isn’t Goshujinsama?》

《N~~~ Then, can I call you Oniichan?》

《Un, you can》

《Ya~y . Oniicha~n》

I’m used to be called “Oniichan,” so I would prefer that over Goshujinsama . In the first place, Joule and others also seem like younger siblings to me .

By the way, according to Joule, Feat and others are also apparently calling me Goshujinsama .

It’s possible that Feat and others will learn【Telepathy】too, so I spoke to them and told them not to call me Goshujinsama .

Then, the other three also settled on the “Older brother” relationship .

I’m interested how they will address me now, but I will look forward to the day the three animals can speak to me directly .

《Ah, Allen, Elena . I’m back~》

Joule switches his gaze to Allen and Elena and jumps into their embrace .

[[Jou~le?]]

《That’s right! It’s me!》

[[Oo~ Jou~le, welcome back~]]

《I’m back~》

Although surprised by Joule’s【Telepathy】, Allen and Elena immediately started playing with Joule who safely returned .

[Takumi-dono]

While watching over the children, my name was suddenly called .

[Eh!? Ricardo-san?]

When I look back, I saw that the soldiers were already here . It appears they arrived while I was talking with Joule . Among them was a Knight of the Risner House--Ricardo-san .

It must have been Ricardo-san who called me . Apparently, not only soldiers were dispatched to secure the bandits, but Knights as well .

[Were you dispatched by Cedric-san?]

[Yes, that’s correct . It’s only natural for us to come when Takumi-dono is awaiting support after catching bandits]

Natural…… is it? Rather, they have already reported to Cedric-san, huh……

Umm…… this matter won’t raise any ruckus, nor it’s something to get angry about, right?

[Did Cedric-san say something?]

[He was grateful . The actions of these bandits were recently too flashy, so the damage they caused increased . I would like to thank you as well . Thank you very much]

Ricardo-san lowered his head, and I panicked .

[N, no . It’s only by accident that we have encountered them……]

[But still . It’s thanks to Takumi-dono that these people were safely rescued . By the way, Takumi-dono . These animals are…… putting the puppy and kitten aside, is that bird perhaps a Thunderhawk? Also, that red one is still young, but it looks like a Scarlet King Leo to me……]

[Ah……]

…… Crap .




Chapter 72

[Umm……]

Ricardo-san has properly seen my contracted beasts .

Moreover, didn’t he completely saw through Vector’s real identity!

It appears that Scarlet King Leo that is Vector can be distinguished even in the small form .

Un, I knew! Of course, I knew!

When Joule gets small he looks like a puppy, Feat looks like a kitten, however, the little Vector still looks like a lion!

Because the women I have saved didn’t make a fuss about it, I completely forgot to return him~~~

As expected, it wouldn’t be possible to deceive him after seeing this much . Un, let’s prepare for the worst and introduce them~

[Ricardo-san, those children are my contracted beasts]

[Contracted beasts!? Eh, that harmless-looking puppy . And also that kitten, they are monsters!?]

Hearing that they are my contracted beasts, Ricardo-san finally realizes that Joule is not just a puppy, but a monster .

I could have insisted that Joule and Feat are just normal pets . However, that would spring discussion where the two came from . That’s why told him honestly .

But well, it would be safer to be quiet about what type of monsters they are .

[I’m sorry, but please return first Bolt, Vector]

[Piii]

[Garu~n]

Because I’d like to avoid further troubles, I have Bolt and Vector who’s identity have been seen through return into my shadow first .

Fortunately, we weren’t near the bandits and the saved women and children, so no one except Ricardo-san and the several people who came to us got to know, so it unexpectedly didn’t become an uproar .

Allen and Elena are currently embracing Joule and Feat, so I left them as they are . I still have not given Joule his reward after all .

[So, Ricardo-san . What shall we do from now on? Do you have any instructions?]

I have plainly evaded the topic and asked Ricardo-san about his original purpose .

He probably approached us only to give his thanks for capturing the bandits .

[Ah, yes, that’s right . Takumi-san, please depart towards the town immediately and take the women and children with you]

The people who were victims of the bandits are to return to the town first, and the bandits will be escorted later . Also, some will remain here at the hideout and watch out for the bandit remnants who will return tomorrow, so we are splitting into three groups .

[Also, I have a message from Cedric-sama . [Please return at once]]

[…… Roger]

That message without a doubt doesn’t mean “to the town,” but “to the mansion . ”

Don’t make any detours and return straight to the house .

While talking with Ricardo-san, the preparations to descend the mountain has been already finished .

Well, the bandits have been properly restrained, all that was left was to prepare the women and children for the travel . They have been divided into groups of those who can’t move by themselves and those who can .

Besides, in order to return before the night falls, they couldn’t afford to be slacking off .

I descended the mountain together with children at the end of the envoy, and we returned to the town in carriages that were prepared at the bottom of the mountain .

◇ ◇ ◇

[Takumi-san, Allen-kun, Elena-san, welcome back]

When we return to the Risner mansion, Cedric-san came to greet us first for some reason .

At glance, he seems to be smiling, but…… somehow, he’s exuding a different emotion . An angry one at that .

[…… We have returned . Cedric-san, thank you very much for dispatching your people . Thanks to that, the matter has been smoothly settled]

[No . That’s a matter of course, so please don’t mind it . Rather, I should be the one thanking you for catching the bandits who were rampant in my territory]

Let’s go to the office first, we went to Cedric-san’s office first just as he said, but Cedric-san’s state is really on my mind .

What is it…… as I thought, he seems to be angry……

But, the last words we have exchanged were words of gratitude . Ricardo-san thanked me about the bandit’s matter as well…… then, is it a different matter?

…… Have I done something to spoil Cedric-san’s mood?

It would be faster to just ask about it myself, huh……

[Umm…… Cedric-san . Did we unknowingly do something to you?]

Because we have arrived at the office, I asked him at once .

[No, there’s not such a thing]

[…… Is that so?]

Cedric-san denied it . It doesn’t seem like we have done something, but……

[Yeah, it just when I tried to ask about the new bread I had received yesterday, Takumi-san and children have disappeared first thing in the morning]

[……]

Eh!? Cedric-san is in a bad mood because of that!?

In fact, yesterday when we returned with the new bread, Cedric-san had a visitor, so we left it with Joshua-san . That day, we weren’t able to meet with Cedric-san at all .

And because today, we have gone out early in the morning, we weren’t able to meet Cedric-san again .

No, of course, I have notified the servants that we are going out, but…… Cedric-san is angry about that…… Rather, that’s the cause of his sulkiness?

[Ce, Cedric-san, I’m sorry for not directly talking to youー!!]

[No, no, there’s no need to report to me every single time Takumi-san goes out]

[N, no! I should have given you a word before leaving]

Yeah, he had some impressions about bread, but he couldn’t meet me . What to say about this reason…… I couldn’t even imagine it .

[Then, please keep me company and slowly talk to me about the bread later, okay?]

[Yes!]

When Cedric-san shelves the matter regarding the bread, he then fixedly stares at Joule, and Feat Allen and Elena are holding .

[So, Takumi-san . I heard that it was a puppy who informed the town about that matter? It’s the one Allen-kun is holding, right? You also had a kitten…… you have not had any animals with you until now, didn’t you? Since you have sent it on an errand, it’s not like you have picked them up today, right? Just where these children were until now?]

Because there were no animals with us since the day we arrived at Cedric-san’s mansion, he’s curious about where they have been staying until now .

Well, since my contracted beasts have been exposed to by Ricardo-san and he will surely let Cedric-san know later, I have no intention of concealing Joule and co . ’s existence now .

[These children are contracted beasts]

[Contracted beasts?]

[Yes, that’s right . Therefore, I don’t usually summon them]

[Is that so? Weren’t you reserved at our home?]

[No, that’s not the case . There are not many opportunities to summon them within a town, so . Ah, in addition to these two, I also have another two contracted beasts]

Ah, it’s only natural, but I keep silent about Kaiser .

[They are obedient and adorable for being monsters, aren’t they? I’m not much knowledgeable about monsters, but what kind of monsters are they?]

[……]

The problem is Joule’s and others’ race . Now then, what should I do?

I would like to keep it secret from as many people as possible, but--I don’t think it’s necessary to keep it a secret from people who are taking a good care of me .

I know that Cedric-san isn’t a person who would make a fuss about it even if he gets surprised .

In that case, shouldn’t I normally tell him?

[Allen-kun, Elena-san . What kind of monsters are those children?]

[[…… Nnya?]]

While worried about what should I do, Cedric-san suddenly switched his question to the children .

Allen and Elena alternated between Cedric-san’s and my face . And then--

[[Umm, you see~……]]

[Fuenrir~!]

[Kyan!]

[Cel taiga~!]

[Nnaa!]

When Allen held up Joule and showed him to Cedric-san, Joule cried in greetings . Then, when Elena held up and introduced Feat, Feat also cried in greetings .

[Haa?]

Cedric-san raised his voice in surprise at the children’s words . Following after that, he turned towards me while making gigigi sounds .

[Takumi-san?]

[Ah, by the way, the other two are--Bolt, Vector, come out~]

[Piii]

[Garu~n]

Taking advantage of Allen’s and Elena’s actions, I summon Bolt and Vector and show them to Cedric-san .

[Wwha!?]

Cedric-san who saw Bolt and Vector was lost for words at last .

Unexpectedly, the impact seems to have been really large .




Chapter 73

It was several minutes later that Cedric-san regained his motions . I heard him quietly mutter[It’s Takumi-san after all……]that time . It was a trivial mutter that an ordinary person wouldn’t be able to hear, but I ended up catching it with my hearing ability that was increased by the improvement of my physical abilities .

…… To consent just because “it’s me”…… I wonder about that .

Whether to insert a tsukkomi for being treated like that, or be delighted that he got used to my out of standard affairs…… un, it’s troubling .

First of all, let’s ignore Cedric-san’s muttering .

[Fenrir and Celestial Tiger…… in addition, Scarlet King Leo and Thunderhawk…… it was something I’ve asked, but was it all right to tell me?]

[I didn’t intend to keep it a secret no matter what so it’s fine]

I regard highly Allen’s and Elena’s opinion of other people .

Since the two have introduced Joule and Feat by themselves, it means the two have befriended Cedric-san .

I mean, the two won’t talk to people they meet for the first time or people they don’t trust in the first place .

On the contrary, they keep quiet even if spoken to .

If they get used to you, they will return a greeting if greeted, but it takes a certain level of trust before they will hold something like a conversation with you .

[A person Allen and Elena trust]＝[A person that is harmless to us, or perhaps even beneficial]

I perceive it like that .

[Well, I would like if you could avoid talking about that if possible though]

[No, no! I won’t! This is not an information that can be readily spread to others!]

[Hahaha~ Then, it’s alright]

Un, because he gave an immediate reply, Cedric-san is a good person as I thought .

After that, we have explained the details of meeting the bandits and going towards the hideout to Cedric-san . It was like a light investigation . Well, it was in a fixed form so it finished soon .

After speaking about the bandits, we talked about the bread as promised .

[What was that whitish thing you have used on the fish bread?]

[Ah~ are you perhaps talking about mayonnaise?]

[Mayonnaise is it?]

From the new bread that was brought to Cedric-san, he was most interested in the Tuna Onion Bread . Moreover, as soon as he bit into it, it wasn’t the tuna, but the mayonnaise that startled him .

Dishes made out of tuna exist, I have apparently just not found them yet, so he knew that it was a fish .

Dried, salted, pickled, pickled in oil…… because this is a world where such techniques are indispensable, it might be only natural to say that they have it .

There are also other techniques such as smoking and cheese processing .

It’s just that they recognize them as finished products and eat them just like that . There seem to be little to no improvements after that .

Even if they took another step, the food development wouldn’t stagnate for hundreds of years……

[Yeah . Put an egg yolk into a little of vinegar, mix in oil and add flavoring . You can mix it with fresh vegetables (salad), or use on dishes as a sauce]

I saw sparkles in Cedric-san’s eyes .

Un, I can understand what he wants to say even without hearing it~

[…… I will teach it to the Head Chef next time]

[Thank you very much!]

I told Cedric-san that I would teach the mayonnaise recipe to the Risner House’s Head Chef before he could ask .

And while at it, I will ask him to pass the information to the cooking department of the Craftsmen Guild .

Since Cedric-san doesn’t know, I think that there’s nothing like mayonnaise on Aetherdia .

I’m sure that spreading mayonnaise will be convenient . If it spreads, I should be able to avoid troublesome situations when I run out . It’s for the future .

Well, I wonder if someone who will sell mayonnaise is going to appear soon~ I have such little scheme . It would be better if I don’t have to make it myself .

Ah~ but, I will have to properly convey to use fresh eggs and tell them about the length of time which food products can be eaten . Also, to be careful of overeating?

[Ah, right, right . Takumi-san, there hasn’t been a problem with the ingredients for the curry spice, may I push the discussion forward?]

[Yes, go ahead]

I see, there hasn’t been a problem with the medicinal plants~

[I’m planning to bring the discussion to the Fiji Company since they are acquaintanced with Takumi-san . They are indebted to Takumi-san there, so the interest rates for Takumi-san should be quite flexible]

Apparently, the curry spice will get me percentages of the sales, not just money from the recipe itself .

Although Cedric-san undertook the negotiations, why do I feel like there’s no profit for him?

[That dividend? Is Cedric-san getting something out of it?]

[Me? Why?]

[Eh? Why, you ask…… Cedric-san should receive remuneration too, right? You were the one who is going to commercialize the curry spice, you were the one who examined the state of the medicinal plants, you will also surely undertake more negotiations in the future . I myself haven’t done anything, you know?]

Even though I was the one who provided the recipe, I really did only that .

Cedric-san is going to obviously spend more time and labor than the time I spent on the spice mix .

Rather, I wonder if the curry spice is fine to spread just like that…… I gave it a passing mark, but it’s far from complete . There’s room for improvement .

Crap…… I started feeling a bit uneasy……

Ah, but the chefs of the Risner House are using the curry spice I have given them and they are experimenting on what food it matches with . The quality and differences will spread at the hands of the people……

Anyhow, people who will research the blend of spices itself may actually appear . That wouldn’t be possible unless the spices are widespread……

Then, it’s fine, isn’t it? To leave it like that……

[No, no, if it’s profits, I have them]

Eh? Cedric-san has profits too?

[That the spice will spread with its place of origin in our territory is a profit in itself . And most importantly, my relationship with Takumi-san is my biggest profit . Please, accept the remuneration without minding, Takumi-san]

[……]

The relationship with me is a profit, huh……

Because I’m an A-rank adventurer and it would be easy to obtain materials of high-rank monsters? …… To be frank, it doesn’t need to be me . There are other A-rank adventurers .

Because I will be useful in subjugating bandits like this time? Although I say that, it’s only by coincidence that we came across the bandits .

Contract with S-rank monsters? I’ve just told him about it, so it’s weak as the reason .

Speaking frankly, I don’t think that I have that much of a value……

[Kukuku~ It’s curious, aren’t you~]

For some reason, I was laughed at by Cedric-san . Was I making such weird face, I wonder…… I’m frowning, so it’s quite possible .

But, I think that it’s reasonable . It’s difficult for me to accept it as a profit .

[Well then, Takumi-san . Won’t you let me eat[French Toast]as the compensation for my labor?]

[French Toast, is it?]

I didn’t think that a dish like that will come out off Cedric-san’s mouth .

[I hear that it’s Allen-kun’s and Elena-san’s favorite dish . They spoke about it to Theodore and Latis]

Ahh~ Which reminds me, the topic of the children’s favorite bread came out when Allen and Elena were getting along well with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun~ So they told about it to Cedric-san, huh~

I see, being able to eat unusual food and receiving my guidance becomes my value, huh .

Even if I think ‘it’s only food,’ I ascertained its value back in the Shirin as well .

[Roger . I will make it first thing in the morning]

If French Toast will make Cedric-san happy, why don’t I make it!

[[Furench Toast~!]]

When I announce French Toast for tomorrow’s breakfast, Allen and Elena who were obediently sitting beside me were delighted .

They really love French Toast .

[Kyan!《Oniichan, I want to eat it too!》]

[Nnaa!]

Following after them, Joule and Feat also appealed .

I have also received Joule’s telepathy .

The next morning, I’ve made the French Toast as promised, but rumors that I was making something unusual again spread around the mansion for some reason, and the servants of the Risner House quickly gathered .

Un, everyone what happened to your work……

In order for the mood to not become like during the curry all over again, I showed the chefs how to make it (they have pleaded with me, so I allowed it) and left it all to them . As expected, I wouldn’t want to make it for everyone all by myself!

By the way, we and the Risner family had the bread I’ve baked myself, but others used a round, normal bread .

They were further astonished by the baked bread, but the French Toast was naturally a great success .

It reached the extent that a French Toast occasionally appears on the dining table of the Risner House .




Chapter 74

[Hello~]

[Ou, it’s were, huh . I was waiting for you]

Today, we are visiting the blacksmith which we visited on the day we arrived in Bailey .

It’s in order to receive the accessories made from Kaiser’s scales and Evil Viper’s skin equipment I have requested .

When we enter the store, Boss was repairing weapons lined up on the shelf . Even though there seem to be other people to tend the store, he also has a disciple like Rudius-san, and yet Boss is performing the actions with a good feeling as if learned by heart .

[Oy, Rudi . Niichan has come~ Quickly bring your work of art over~!]

[W, wait a moment please~!!]

In order to bring the items we have ordered, Boss immediately called Rudius-san who inside . Rudius-san’s voice returned from a distance .

[Sorry about that . It seems that fellow worked to the very last moment]

[I’m looking forward to it]

Rudius-san was apparently working to the very last moment .

Boss said so exhaustedly, but I’m looking forward to it if he’s so concerned about it .

[Then, I will hand you over this first]

Saying that, Boss pointed at the gloves, breast plate, and gauntlet from Evil Viper skin lined at the counter . In addition, a gauntlet for Allen made from a different material .

I pick up the articles one by one and confirm their completion .

[Thank you very much . All of them have been made nicely]

[That’s excellent to hear . Evil Viper’s skin is really good material . I’ve been able to get a good experience too . Thank you]

When I thank for the various articles, Boss gave me his impressions about Evil Viper’s skin in return .

This and that about tanning, manufacturing progress…… he talked a lot . I didn’t understand over a half of that, but I couldn’t find the timing to stop him, so I decided to listen to Boss’ impressions for a while .

[So, Niichan . Did you not bring the hawk you are keeping?]

[…… Speaking of being here, then he is]

Boss was satisfied after talking about the manufacturing, but his next topic was about the hawk . Namely, it’s about Bolt .

[N? Is he outside? Since you have the chance, how about trying it?]

[…… Umm, is it fine inside the store?]

[I don’t mind . Since it’s a hawk Niichan is keeping, I feel like it will be something incredible . Please, try it out by all means]

Yesterday, the existence of my contracted beasts came to light, so even if I’m unwilling…… isn’t it fine?

[In that case……--Bolt]

Boss has given me his permission, so I put the gauntlet on my arm and called Bolt at once .

[Piiii~]

[Wwha!?]

When Bolt flew out of my shadow, Boss raised his voice in surprise . It’s startling after all~

Speaking of Bolt, he nimbly turned around in the narrow space of the store and lightly landed on top of my arm .

Un, the gauntlet feels nice . With this, Bolt will be able to land on my arm even if I’m not wearing a coat .

[Oy, oy, oy! Niichan, isn’t that a Thunderhawk!]

[Yes, that’s right]

[Pyuru]

[…… Niichan is full of surprises . I really didn’t think that a Thunderhawk would come out . Haa~ to think there would be a day I would be able to get so close to a Thunderhawk……]

It appears that Boss has expected that I would bring a monster instead of an ordinary hawk, but as I thought, he didn’t expect that I would bring the pinnacle of the hawk class monsters .

Because he was already plentily startled by the materials I have brought--Leviathan’s scale, Evil Viper’s skin, Mithril Spider’s thread, he nodded in consent just a little while after being surprised by Bolt . Far from that, he began observing Bolt .

[Onii~ chan! Allen too~]

[Oh, right . Allen wants to try it too?]

[Un!]

After I move Bolt from my arm to my shoulder, I place a gauntlet on Allen’s arm he presented .

[Bolt~ come~]

[Piii]

When Allen called Bolt, Bolt moved from my shoulder to Allen’s arm .

When Bolt landed on the arm of the small Allen, Bolt looked truly big~

[Ohh~! Bolt, good child~]

[Piii]

Allen started patting Bolt who landed on top of his arm .

[Elena too~ Bolt, good child~]

[Piii]

Elena got closer to Allen and Bolt too and started patting Bolt .

While the calm and gentle mood just started flowing, Rudius-san came out from the depths of the store .

[Thank you for waiti…… wha!! Why is a Thunderhawk in here!?]

He noticed Bolt before anything else .

[Niichan is keeping that one]

[Eh! Ehh!?]

[Rather than that Rudi, you are late . Will you not promptly show the articles!]

[Y, yesss, I’m sorry . These are the requested articles]

Pestered by Boss, Rudius-san swallowed his surprise and lined up three pendants on top of the counter .

The first one is a diamond shaped fragment of the scale with detailed patterns engraved on the framework . It’s a simple design with a few decorations .

The second one is a drop shaped fragment of the scale intertwined with a vine and small flower motifs . This one is surely Elena’s .

The third one is a circle shaped fragment with a snake…… no, a water dragon’s motif? Its lengthy body is looped, it’s the design where the dragon holds its tail in its mouth .

[Hee~ All of them look nice, don’t they?]

[[Ohh~]]

I think all of them are wonderful . Allen and Elena were sure to peek at the counter and raised their voices in admiration .

I’m satisfied overall, but there’s one thing on my mind . There’s a small, colorless gem used in what I believe is Elena’s pendant, but it feels as if it were loose . That’s probably because it’s a glass bead .

[The gem used for this flower is glass, isn’t it?]

[Ah~…… you could tell after all……]

[Why did you not use a jewel instead?]

[…… Because the prince would rise if a jewel was used, I hesitated to use it because of my own selfishness . Besides, this is young lady’s so…… umm, you see……]

[Hey, Rudi! Will you spit it out clearly!!]

[Uwa! Y, yes! I thought that there are no jewels suitable for children!! I’m sorry~!!]

It appears he understood that it’s for a child, so he hesitated to use a jewel .

[Can you replace it?]

[Yes, I can do that immediately]

I understand Rudius-san’s opinion on jewels and children, but we can’t let it be in this loose state .

I would like to replace it if I can . Something expensive is a bit…… but, it will lose to the water dragon……

[About that jewel, what do you want to use? There are not many kinds around the workshop, but……]

[Let’s see…… what does Elena want to do?]

[N~?]

[I’d like to exchange this glass, what color do you like?]

[Umm, you see…… ah, Elena likes pearls~!]

[Oh?]

Since it’s for Elena anyway, I asked for her favorite color, but she didn’t answer me with a color, but a type of jewel . That answer was slightly unexpected!

But, as for a pearl, I think it will compliment the design’s mood very well . I do have pearls the size of rice grain with suitable color at me too .

[Pearl, is it? I think pearls would be oversized, however…… in the first place, pearls are expensive even among other jewels, you know?]

I see . Pearls are high class even among other jewels, huh . I didn’t know that .

[I thought of using this]

First of all, I retrieved several pearls the size of a rice grain from the《Infinite Storage》 .

The colors are white, pink and yellow, that’s about it?

[Eh! Ehh!? What the hell is this~!!]

[Umu~…… these are~ pearls, aren’t they? It’s my first time seeing such small ones . Moreover, so many in different colors……]

[Eh!? These are pearls!? Seriously!?]

[Niichan is seriously…… it’s weird to take out these amazing things one after another, okay!]

No I mean, I would like to use what I have at me, you know~ If there’s an opportunity to use it and I won’t assertively use it then, it will go straight to the storage .

[I think the size should be fine, but what do you think?]

[Y, yes . It should be fine if it’s like this]

[Then, Elena . Which color do you like?]

[Elena likes this~]

Rudius-san said that the size is fine after taking a look at the pearls, so when I let Elena choose the color, she chose a pink pearl .

[Ah, yes, this is it then? In that case, I will attach it at once . I will stick through the string too, so would it be alright to take measures for the length?]

He braided the Mithril Spider’s thread and it became like a plaited cord .

[The children are already wearing pendants, but what would you like to do? Let them wear two?

[Eh!? Ah……]

I forgot that Allen and Elena are already wearing pendants with sealed magic effects .

Ah~ wearing any more than this will be obstructive~

[N~…… ah, right! Could I ask you to shorten the strings?]

[What do you want to do?]

[I thought of attaching them to their bags as decorations]

If it’s fastened next to their magic bags similarly to a keychain, it won’t get in their way .

The plan was to hang it from their necks and hide it under their clothes, so there won’t be a problem if it’s hidden by the hem of their shirts .

[I see . I understand . Umm, which one does the boy prefer?]

[Ah, that’s right . Allen, this or this, which one do you like better?]

Which reminds me, Elena has already decided, but I haven’t asked what Allen which likes better .

I immediately presented the two pendants to Allen and let him choose which one he likes more .

[Ntone~ Kaiza~]

Allen chose the one with the water dragon design .

Nevertheless…… Kaiser, huh . As Allen said, the water dragon’s motif looks just like Kaiser . Leviathan’s appearances were unexpectedly transmitted accurately .

[Kaiza~?]

[Ah…… it’s a name of a water dragon from a picture book]

[Ah, is that so? This one it is then]

I was able to deceive him well if I say so myself, all’s good .

Rudius-san went immediately to work, but he finished without taking too much time . We have received the ordered goods, all that’s left was to pay, but--

I wanted to pay with the powder from water dragon’s scales and pay the rest with money as planned at first, Boss and Rudius-san have stopped me .

They requested me to sell them not only the powder, but also the scraps from the Evil Viper’s skin and the remains of the Mithril Spider thread’s plaited cord instead . Not the unused skin and thread from cutting, but the remnants from the manufacturing process . Isn’t that garbage…… is what I thought, but the two made me silent with their serious eyes . Even if it has no use to me, it’s enough material to use for them .

This is that, isn’t it? The feeling I had when I saw the garbage dump site of the mermaids . Our positions have reversed though .

However, as I thought, I was hesitant to “sell” that to them, so I decided to give it to them . As thanks for doing a good job!

Also, because Bolt has started grooming before I noticed, they appealed to let them have a feather that fell of Bolt by all means . This, as expected, wasn’t possible to gift them, so I decided to sell it .

As a result, I made a considerable amount of money instead .

I received the goods I have ordered and got money…… Iya~ how strange~




Chapter 75

We who left the blacksmith searched for a furniture store with the thoughts of buying a bed and a table that would be used as kitchen table next . However, on the way, I noticed that this world doesn’t have a store that displays and sells furniture . At most, you can order to have it manufactured .

When we entered a workshop and I asked about the manufacturing, they seemed to be free at the moment, so they could make it in five days .

In that case, I decided to order it while we are in the town .

I intended to let them use the Gaya trees, but manufacturing good materials would take more time, so I gave up . Let’s use another opportunity to use Gaya trees for furniture .

Then, we walked around the store for a while buying small things such as tableware .

After shopping and returning to the Risner mansion, we were guided by Joshua-san to Cedric-san’s office while having an unrelated discussion .

Rather Joshua-san, if you have something to discuss, I wouldn’t plan on escaping even if you have that ‘I won’t let you escape’ aura around you~

[Cedric-san, we have returned . I heard from Joshua-san that you have something to discuss, but……]

[Ah, Takumi-san, welcome home . The reward for the bandit subjugation has been processed, so I thought of giving it to you]

A reward for the bandit subjugation……?

I see . Even if you didn’t receive the bandit subjugation request, those who subjugate them receive the reward?

[This is the reward for the subjugation of the[Red Cat Group] . Also, there were those with bounties on their heads among the bandits, so it has been decided to sell off all of the caught bandits as slaves . This is the payment from that]

Moreover, because the bandits were caught without being killed, they have been sold as slaves . The payment from that was prepared too .

[Also, Takumi-san . You have collected the belongings of the bandits from the hideout, right?]

[Yes, I did collect them . Huh? Should I return them?]

[No, no, that’s not it . All of that is already Takumi-san’s . It’s just that I would like to confirm whether a silver-framed painting is among it]

[A silver-framed painting? Wait a moment please . Umm……--]

I immediately spread out the item list and search for the painting .

[Ah, there it is . I think this is probably it, but……]

I take out the corresponding item from the《Infinite Storage》and place it on top of the table .

Hey, doesn’t this feel suspicious! Moreover, it’s not abstract, it feels awfully realistic……

Ah, hey there! Allen, Elena, don’t stare at it!

I immediately covered the children’s eyes .

[[Uniyu~?]]

[Stay like this for a bit]

[[U~n? Got it~]]

Allen and Elena found it strange that I abruptly covered their eyes, but they obediently abide when I told them to stay like that for a moment . It helps that they are obedient children~

[Yeah, this is it without a doubt . Takumi-san, there’s a person who would like to repurchase it, would that be fine with you?]

I don’t know whether it was stolen, but there’s someone who likes this painting to the extent of wanting to repurchase it?

How curious~ is what I thought, but honestly, I would be delighted if someone took it from me .

[Yes, I don’t mind . It’s just…… how do I negotiate this type of thing?]

[I don’t mind if you leave it to me . Although I say that, I think of paying a fair amount of money to a specialist]

[That’s no problem . Please take care of it]

The details around here will be surely all right if I leave it to Cedric-san .

I confirmed that Cedric-san let Joshua-san carry the painting out and I released my hands which were covering Allen’s and Elena’s eyes .

[[Nniyu?]]

The two who regained vision looked around restlessly .

[Huh~?]

[Not he~re?]

It appears they are searching for the painting that was in front of them before their eyes were blocked .

[[No picture~?]]

[Cedric-san told me[Gimme], so I gave him the picture]

[Hey! Takumi-san, that way of talking!]

Cedric-san who always has a calm atmosphere around me panicked at my words .

[[Ohh~]]

I made it easy for the children to understand that Cedric-san wanted the painting~ It was definitely not on purpose!

Moreover, because Allen and Elena were looking at Cedric-san while giving voices of admiration, Cedric-san got intriguingly flustered .

[Fu . …… Kukuku~ …… I, it’s okay, the two don’t understand well]

[[Uniyu?]]

It was my first time seeing Cedric-san so flustered~~~

Allen and Elena looked at Cedric-san and me in turns and tilted their heads in puzzlement .

[Takumi-san, that was cruel…… haa…… excuse me, but Takumi-san . Do you perhaps have a pair of rings as well? They have names on the inside, the larger one says Robert . The smaller one has Liz on it]

Cedric-san took a deep breath and spoke about next repurchase .

Next is a couple’s ring, huh . Umm……

[Ah, there it is . I think this should be it]

[Is that so? About these rings……]

When I retrieve the rings from the《Infinite Storage》and put them on top of the table, Cedric-san looked like he had difficulty speaking .

[Umm?]

[Wait just a moment please]

Cedric-san went to Joshua-san who stood outside and Joshua-san immediately brought a woman inside .

[I’m glad……]

When the woman entered the room and looked at the rings on the table, she took them in her hands and tightly hugged them close .

[…… Err?]

I remember her . She was caught by the bandits, she was one of the victims locked in the prison .

Is that ring a memento by any chance!?

Thinking such, I looked at Cedric-san and he meekly nodded . It looks I was right .

[I can’t pay immediately, but I will definitely pay, so please let me take this]

[No, no, no! I’m fine . I will return it to you]

Impossible! It’s impossible for me to ask for money for articles left by the deceased!

[Eh, umm…… is that really all right with you……]

[It’s something very important to you, isn’t it? I don’t mind, so please take it with you]

[T, thank you very much!]

The woman said many words of thanks and left the room with a silent bow and the rings hugging close to her .

[A moment, Cedric-sa~n . That was a memento wasn’t it?]

[Yes, that’s correct]

[No need to guess, there are more of them, aren’t there? Are there perhaps those who gave up because they don’t have money to repurchase the memento! I will return that to those people as well! Cedric-san, that was cruel . If you knew I would return it to them, you should tell me normally, right!?]

[Even if I knew, I can’t deal with it like that without your permission~]

[Guh]

Cedric-san is certainly acting like the contact person of the repurchase, but it’s not like he can state the conditions on his own……

[Well, I thought Takumi-san would say so and made a list]

As expected! Able Feudal Lord’s work is fast! I apologize for laughing a while ago!

I immediately receive the list from Cedric-san, compare with the items in the《Infinite Storage》, and retrieve various articles .

Maybe because it was before the bandits could sell it off, nearly all items were in my《Infinite Storage》 . Still, I can’t say all of them were .

[Then, I will hand the items to their owners]

[I will leave it to you . So, what is going to happen to those girls from now on?]

[Nearly all of those women and children were traveling so their families that accompanied became victims . The children with no guardians will be transferred to orphanage and the women will be given minimum aid to live in the town]

[Is that so……]

As I thought, their lives will become difficult from now on, won’t they……

[…… Cedric-san, will that painting from a little while ago bring considerable amount?]

[Yeah, the frame itself is considerably good, so I think it should yield quite a lot of money]

[In that case, please invest that money in aid of the victims]

I have decided to let Cedric-san handle the money from the repurchase of the painting and add it to the funds of the aid for the victims . Like this, their livelihood will be much better .

The repurchase money would be just a casual income, so it won’t hurt my pockets even if I contribute all of it .

[Takumi-san is really…… thank you very much . You have my gratitude]




Chapter 76

As we had quite a lot of rest, we arrived at the beach near a certain dungeon, thinking to reopen the capture of the “Dungeon of Ripples” we have encountered on the way .

In spite of being early in the morning, many of adventurers have already gathered at the nearby beach .

These adventurers are interested in the newly discovered dungeon and probably came to capture it .

This dungeon was untouched until now . Because the probability of discovering the treasure chests and hidden rooms in such dungeon is high, it’s target of getting rich quick .

Many people are looking at the entrance and investigating the 50 meters long waterway .

[Excuse me . Could you please let us pass?]

[Oh, sorry--Ah!]

I called out to an adventurer dressed in black garments who was looking at the entrance in order to enter the waterway .

Then, he raised his voice in surprise after turning around while apologizing .

He seems familiar .

[Err, if I’m not mistaken…… Takumi!]

[Yeah, that’s right . It’s been a while . Umm……]

[This reminds me that I haven’t introduced myself . I’m[Black Twin Sword]leader, Gray]

[Hello, I’m Takumi . These children are Allen and Elena]

Right, it was a person from the adventurer party[Black Twin Sword]who went together with us to the Gaya Forest .

By the way, he’s a handsome blonde guy .

He’s currently not wearing much equipment in order to swim in the sea, but if I remember correctly, Gray-san should be using a Japanese-like sword . I wonder if its stored in his magic bag?

Well~ he will be swimming from now on so sword and armor would only hold him back . Because I don’t really have anything attached to me, I didn’t notice that before .

[It’s been a while . Thank you for the help in Shirin]

[Don’t worry about it, are your injuries alright now?]

[I immediately got treated by the Knights Order after returning to the town . It fortunately wasn’t anything serious . I was able to return to my normal life immediately]

They have been assaulted and injured by the Bloody Wolves during the expedition, but it seems they are alright now .

And they apparently quickly recovered and took on an escort request, left Shirin and arrived at Bailey . They arrived at Bailey just a few days ago .

As I thought, it would take at least that long with normal means of transport~

We have left Shirin after them and arrived at Bailey earlier . I can feel Joule’s and Feat’s worth~

[If I remember correctly, you should have five members, right? What happened to the others?]

I can see only two people including Gray-san . If their members didn’t change since the expedition, they are short of three people .

[The three are currently going in]

[Ah, is that so?]

[Since you are here, Takumi is going to the dungeon too?]

[Yeah, that’s right]

[You are babysitting as always, huh~ Well, it’s an Intermediate level dungeon, so it’s safer than Gaya Forest, right~]

Because Gray-san knows of me taking children to the Gaya Forest, he casually accepted that I’m taking the children with me .

[We have returned~…… huh, ehhhh!?]

A brown-haired youth about the same age as me came out from the sea and pointed towards us while shouting .

He’s one of the[Black Twin Sword]members too if I recall correctly .

[Randy, that was rude of you]

[Ah, yes . I’m sorry . But, why are you here!?]

[We are also capturing the dungeon]

[Seriously!? With the children again!?]

Randy-kun…… calling him like that feels more fitting~

Soon after staring at the children, the youth called Randy suddenly extended his hands towards Allen’s and Elena’s heads .

However, the two escaped and hid from Randy’s hands behind me .

[Ah, they ran away!]

[Randy…… what are you doing all of sudden……]

[No, I just unconsciously? Don’t you feel like patting and poking the twins?]

[It’s not like I don’t understand, but…… however, it’s not like children would easily let their guards down before a stranger, right?]

It appears he wanted to pat Allen’s and Elena’s heads . Thus making Allen and Elena run away .

[No, but I’m not a stern-looking man like Bax-san~ so I thought I might be okay~]

Bax-san is one of[Black Twin Swords]members who stayed behind with Gray-san, he has dark brown hair and he looks like a tough man no matter how you look at him . And well…… his face looks a bit aggressive . I don’t know whether he’s taciturn, but he didn’t say a single word until now .

Also…… there should be a man with a large shield if I’m not mistaken .

[…… They will catch stupidity from you, so don’t touch them]

[Bax-san, that was cruel~]

[…… Your fault]

Ah, Bax-san spoke up for the first time .

Hahaha~ This party seems somewhat fun .

[Sorry about that]

[No, no]

Gray-san looked sincerely apologetic .

[We are having a lot of fun, but won’t you go to the dungeon now? The two who went along will be worried if you delay for too long]

It’s not like we can’t catch up later, but have been floating at the sea’s surface forever now .

[O, ou . That’s right]

[Let’S go Bax, Randy . Give me the Mermaid’s Breath]

[Roger]

[Mermaid’s Breath?]

[N? Does Takumi not know about Mermaid’s Breath?]

[Yeah, is it a magic tool?]

[This is it]

Because Randy let me take a look at the magic tool, I immediately used【Appraisal】on it .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Mermaid’s Breath】

A tool with built-in wind magic stone that generates air for a certain period of time .

The length of the usable time depends on the magic stone used .

＝＝＝＝＝

[I don’t know the detailed structure, but it apparently creates air by using a wind magic stone]

Yeah, this is the magic tool Cedric-san was talking about .

This magic tool is apparently used by holding it in the mouth . Is it sort of an oxygen tank?

[The tools with lowest grade wind stones can be used only for several minutes and there’s a problem of durability, but they are relatively easy to get . This is also thanks to the Feudal Lord who prepared it for the mass production immediately after the dungeon was discovered]

Oh! As expected of Cedric-san! Isn’t he doing a good job~

[Although I say that, it’s not like everyone can get their hands on the magic tools, so the people will be divided by this waterway!]

Well, although it’s mass produced, it would cost something since it’s a magic tool .

Gray-san and others probably have only three magic tools . First, three people went ahead, one returned with the magic tools and the members who remained will use them again .

[If you didn’t know about this, how are you intend to go down, Takumi? You naturally know that it’s necessary to go through a long waterway to reach the dungeon, right?]

[Of course . We have a different magic tool]

[No way!! Do you perhaps have Mermaid Bracelets, Takumi?]

[Yeah, well]

Speaking of tools that assists breathing underwater, it’s the Mermaid Bracelet . That’s why Gray-san and others immediately named the magic tools we have .

They would see that we didn’t get wet and the Mermaid Bracelets would get exposed anyhow, so I gave them a positive answer .

There’s a way of hiding magic tools in possession and there are other ways to swim as explained in the guild, but there’s no need to try deceiving them that much .

[That’s amazing . There’s certainly no need for this if you have the mermaid bracelets!]

[That’s right . Then, please go ahead]

[Ou, sorry about that . We will go ahead]

[Yes . --Then, shall we go too?]

[[Un]]

We let Gray-san and others go first, we later follow after them and swam through the waterway .

When we finish swimming through the waterway, I elevate Allen and Elena out of the water first, then I crawl out just like the last time .

[Uo~ incredible~! You are completely dry!]

Randy who arrived earlier said in admiration when we got out of the water . It appears he noticed that we didn’t get wet a single bit .

[Uo~!]

Randy who was soaking wet suddenly started chasing Allen and Elena .

[[Ukya~]]

Allen and Elena raised their voices while escaping from Randy .

Because their tone wasn’t that of being afraid or disliking it, but rather an amused one, I decided to watch over them first .

[Wait, wait--Ouch!]

But, it didn’t continue for long .

[Bax-sa~n, what are you doing~]

[…… Quit it]

When he crossed in front of Bax-san, Bax-san dropped his fist on Randy’s head .

[Welcome back~]

[[I’m back~]]

Allen and Elena used the chance and rushed straight into my embrace .

[Takumi, I’m truly sorry for our idiot!]

Gray-san sincerely apologized for Randy-kun’s actions once again .

Even though you don’t have to mind it that much?

[No, no . They seemed to be having fun, so it’s fine . Right?]

[[Un! It was fun~]]

[As you can see--It’s just……]

[N?]

[It will be serious if you make a mistake, so you have to be careful…… I mean, if you overdo it, you know, they will counterattack……]

If you carry the joke too far, it’s possible that you will end up like the adnveturer who picked up a fight with us in Shirin……

Randy’s face turned ghastly pale at my remark .

[…… They will kick me flying like the Bloody Wolf……?]

[Randy…… aren’t you glad you survived……]

[…… I sure am]

It seems he recalled the time in Gaya Forest when Allen and Elena kicked a Bloody Wolf flying .

No, no, they certainly wouldn’t counterattack with that much power…… probably .

Un, they would surely hold back .

…… Now that I think of it, wasn’t that adventurer who picked a fight with us in Shirin in danger? They would have landed a full power ax kick on his head because I didn’t stop them after all……

No, it’s not like they disliked it this time, so everything was alright, wasn’t it…… probably .




Chapter 77

[Rather than that, wouldn’t it be better to get dry quickly?]

[Y, yeah]

When I said so, Gray-san and others took off their coats and started wringing their wet clothes .

[…… Can’t you dry it with magic?]

It’s possible with the life magic《Dry》 . There should be relatively many people who use life magic, but they aren’t using it .

[We don’t have anyone who can use that kind of magic]

[That’s right, isn’t it~]

I see, they can’t use it . Speaking of drying water, in addition to life magic, wouldn’t fire magic or wind magic be usable too? Not all attributes are available in their party it seems~

I don’t want to pretend not to see, though~

[Stay still please --《Dry》]

[N? -- Oh! Thanks]

[…… I’m thankful]

[Amazing~! It was instant!]

It doesn’t use that much magical power, so I dried Gray-san and the others .

Because I had a feeling that they would take off even their pants and underwear in order to wring the water out…… Allen might be okay, but I wouldn’t want to show that scene to Elena .

[It has been a while . Oh, I’m Aaron . I thought Gray and others were late, it appears they were talking with you . Thanks for the help in the Gaya Forest]

[I’m Virgil! I was sure that Randy did something again]

[Yeah, I thought so too]

[Aaron-san, Virgil-san too, how rude~……]

Then, two men who watched from the side approached us .

They are the members of the[Black Twin Sword]who came to the dungeon’s entrance earlier . The blonde one is Aaron and the black-haired one is Virgil .

[Long time no see . I’m Takumi . Sorry about that, they were late because of me]

[Don’t mind it . They weren’t that late]

Aaron-san and Virgil-san already wiped the water from their equipment, but their hair was still wet, so I used《Dry》on the two as well .

[Oh, thanks]

[That helps . So, it might be boorish asking since you are here, but are you here to capture the dungeon, Takumi? You didn’t come just for the visit, right?]

[Yeah, capturing the dungeon is our objective]

Visit is that thing, right? Where you take a step into the dungeon which will leave a record in your guild card and that’s all you want .

Because the adventurer guild cards also indicate the dungeon records, non-combatants visit various dungeons and enter them without capturing it .

Well, all the people would see is several[Dungeon of “●●” X／● floors]lined up, but some people use it to brag .

There also seem to be requests for “escort to a dungeon” in the Adventurer’s Guild . -

However, entering a dungeon without trying to capture it, I don’t understand that .

[That’s right~ Dungeons are to be captured, right~]

We are adventurers . We have to adventure after all!

[That being the case~ all of us are gathered, shall we go?]

[Let’s go . Takumi, do you guys want to go with us?]

They wanted to embark on the dungeon capture at once, but Aaron-san invited us to go together . The other members are also nodding in agreement, but--

[Erm…… I’m sorry, but we go that way]

I said so while pointing at the transfer device .

Although capturing the dungeon together would be fun, we are unfortunately starting at the eleventh floor .

[[[[[Eh!?]]]]]

Gray-san and others raised their voices in surprise .

Far from that, the other adventurers at the hall raised their voices too .

Is it just a little bit over one week since reporting the discovery of a new dungeon to the Adventurer’s Guild?

I don’t know how long it is since the official announcement, but it has been about three days since the official investigation?

Because they are surprised by the use of transfer device this much, it probably means that there hasn’t been anyone who finished capturing the first ten floors yet . But, it’s just a matter of time and there will surely appear those who will capture the tenth floor in a few days .

[Ah! I heard that the discoverer of the dungeon was taking care of children]

[Now that you mention it!]

[Then, he’s that guy!]

[Since he’s using transfer device, it means that he reached at least the tenth floor, right?]

[Far from being solo, are you saying he reached the tenth floor while accompanied by a hindrance? This isn’t a low-grade, but intermediate dungeon, you know? That’s impossible]

I hear various things from the surroundings .

As I thought, rumors spread that we are the discoverers . There was such ruckus about it that time, so it can’t really be helped~

[Eh!? Takumi discovered the dungeon!?]

[Seriously!?]

[Are you serious!]

[…… Yeah, well]

It appears that Gray-san and others didn’t know . However--

[I’m surprised, but it’s a believable story since it concerns Takumi]

[[[I hear that]]]

[Right]

They were in agreement for some reason .

Being considerate, Gray-san and others took their leave without asking further questions .

We made a promise to have a meal together if we meet in town next time . We went to the transfer device .

[Then, Allen, Elena . Touch the crystal]

[[Ye~s]]

◇ ◇ ◇

We, who transferred straight to the tenth floor descended on the eleventh floor .

The eleventh floor was the same as the first ten floors, but the waterway in the center disappeared and the entire floor was submerged instead .

The volume of water isn’t that much as the water reaches only up to my ankles, but it appears that we will have to walk through water all the way .

[Allen, Elena, are you alright?]

[[Is fine~]]

The two were stepping on and splashing the water .

This depth is not a problem even for the height of the children, but I have to think some countermeasures in case the water gets even deeper .

[Tell me immediately if you get tired, okay?]

[[Ye~s]]

I thought that moving through the water would have a far bigger burden on them than on a normal surface, so after firmly instructing the two, I decided to continue advancing .

[[Not coming, huh~]]

[Really……]

While walking in high spirits, we haven’t encountered a single monster . Just some traps would get occasionaly set off .

Advancing while avoiding the traps further--

[[Ah]]

Allen and Elena suddenly raised their voices and begun running accompanied by the sounds of splashing water .

When I chased after them in a hurry, there were about five Water Lizards in their destination .

[[Tooh~!]]

[[Shaーーー]]

Allen and Elena who vigorously ran jumped up with the momentum and landed at the two Water Lizards who were crawling on the floor .

[[《Water Needle》]]

Following that, they formed needles from the water spreading on the ground and brought down the remaining Water Lizards .

The dropped items of the skin and tusks were floating in the water .

[[Defeated~!]]

Allen and Elena picked up the dropped items and cheerfully ran up to me .

[Thank you for your hard work~ But, is this the path you wanted to go on?]

[[Uniyu?]]

[You turned left on the way, remember?]

The two started running immediately after noticing the Water Lizards and took a left on a crossroad . They may not have gone the way they wanted to and just chased after the monster presence .

When I check with the two while patting their heads--

[[Ehehe~]]

Allen and Elena tried to dodge the question by tilting their heads and laughing . How cute you are, oy .

Because there weren’t any monsters, they chased after the first signs without noticing…… that’s probably how it went .

[Then, what do you want to do? Take a look and go this way? Or do you want to return?]

[[U~n]]

We aren’t really going for the shortest route, so I don’t mind dropping on the way, we can decide after returning too .

[This way~]

[Let’s go~]

[Alright! Let’s advance this way then]

[[Un!]]

As a result, the two chose to continue going this way, so I decided to continue advancing .

Well, we immediately found the stairs down and quickly found the stairs on the twelfth floor as well .

We found a place which wasn’t flooded on the thirteenth floor, so the capturing was suspended for a while .

It’s still early to sleep, but because the floor is immersed in water, it would be better to rest if you can regardless of time .

Although we won’t get wet thanks to the Mermaid Bracelet, sleeping with part of your body soaking in the water is a bit……

That being the case, we decided to finish a meal and go to sleep early .




Chapter 78

[Morning]

[[Morning~]]

We have plenty of sleep, so we will start with the capture of the thirteenth floor but…… breakfast before that .

[Allen, Elena . What would you like to eat for breakfast?]

[[Ntone~ Kurry~]]

[…… Curry?]

[[Un, kurry~]]

I see, curry huh…… a heavy request right after getting up came~

[[No good~?]]

[It’s not that but…… well, it’s not that suitable for breakfast you see~]

I have also eaten curry for breakfast before, but I’m of the opinion that curry is better for either lunch or dinner~

[[Then~ crab~]]

Crab…… hot pot!? The only crab dish I fed to the two is the crab hot pot, isn’t it!? Ah, didn’t I make a soup too? The scope is different although similar . Well, I have the soup but you know~

[…… Erm, would a different way of eating be alright instead of a hot pot or a soup?]

[[Un!]]

I see~ Should I boil the crab and make kanitama1 or something?

Alright, let’s do it!

The kanitama was delicious and we resumed the capture after a short rest .

[[Yaa!]]

[[Kishaーーー]]

Allen and Elena jumped forward and unleashed a strong kick .

Right now, the two are defeated Armi Crabs one after another .

Armi Crabs are somewhat larger compared to Sand Crabs, they are monsters with hard shells and large claws . Although I said hard shells, I judged it not to be a problem and didn’t stop Allen and Elena when they plunged at them, but…… to encounter crab monsters right after eating crabs……

[[Haa!]]

[[Kishaーーー]]

The Armi Crabs turn into drop items of shells and claws one by one .

The tough shells of Armi Crabs are used as materials for armor, but…… it doesn’t look like it at all after seeing the two .

[[Finished~]]

[Thank you for your hard work~ You are not injured, are you?]

[[Un!]]

After finishing all Armi Crabs, Allen and Elena returned after picking up the dropped items .

[[So many crabs~! Delish~?]]

[Ah~ This crab can’t be eaten]

It’s not like Armi Crab isn’t edible, but there aren’t many parts which can be eaten .

[[I see~]]

They seemed a bit disappointed, but they understood that it can’t be helped and started picking up the remaining drop items .

[[Next is~ That way~]]

After picking up all the drop items and advancing for a little, Allen and Elena pointed to the right on a crossroads .

[[Onii~ chan, here~]]

[N? Oh, there’s a hidden room]

After walking for a while uneventfully, Allen and Elena pointed at a wall . It appears they found a hidden room .

However, when I tried touching the wall to access the room, that wall didn’t move . Until now, the wall would open with a slide when pushed .

[It won’t open, huh……]

[[Huh~?]]

I touched the wall all over, but it was simply a wall in the end .

[N~? But it seems that there certainly is a hidden room……]

Somehow, I think that there’s a hidden room without a doubt .

Is the entrance to the room on the passage on the other side? No, we wouldn’t notice the room’s existence if that were true .

[…… Break in?]

It looks like a normal stone wall, so it should break if hit with one or two magic attacks, right?

The dungeon won’t collapse if one of the walls break . Rather, because it’s a mysterious existence, I think the wall would restore after a while .

[Allen, Elena~ Step back a little]

[[Un!]]

Because Allen and Elena stood back, I threw magic at the wall .

[《Air Shot》]

The wall the air bullet crashed into--garagara, collapsed . The wall was unexpectedly fragile .

There was a room behind the wall as we thought with a treasure chest inside .

[[Treasure~! Can we open~?]]

[Go ahead~]

Allen and Elena rush to towards the treasure chest after entering the hidden room and fumble around the chest .

I let the two open it since there were no traps . Inside the chest, there was a single medicine bottle . When I used【Appraisal】on it, I understood that it’s a lower-grade healing potion . As I have recovery magic, it’s one of the medicines which I don’t need .

[[Medicine~?]]

[That’s right . It’s a medicine that heals injuries]

[[Hmm, amazing~?]]

Allen and Elena looked at me with eyes full of some kind of expectations .

[It’s one of the medicines I don’t have yet . Thank you, Allen, Elena~]

[[Ehehe~]]

When I said such while patting their heads, the two bashfully smiled .

Kuku . Looks like I was right . The eyes of the two were saying “praise me, praise me” as I thought~

[Then, shall we go?]

[[Un!]]

When we leave the hidden room and advance forward--

[[There~]]

[Oh, as expected! Then, shall we go down?]

[[Un!]]

We found a staircase leading down without taking much time .

◇ ◇ ◇

[Huh?]

When we descended to the fourteenth floor, an unpleasant cold suddenly assaulted my skin .

A dreadful atmosphere floats around .

Unlike me who’s wearing a coat, Allen and Elena who are wearing short-sleeved clothes must be cold .

[Allen, Elena . You must be cold, right? Let’s wear coats]

[[Is fine~?]]

Allen and Elena said while tilting their heads in puzzlement .

[Un, let’s put them on]

I immediately took out the kemonomimi-hooded capes I got in Shirin and let the two wear them .

I thought these capes would not work until it cools down, but their turn came unexpectedly early .

[Is it not difficult to move in?]

[[Is fine~]]

Ah, un . This time is fine is a proper is fine .

Allen and Elena’s range of[Fine]is staggeringly wide . I think that this time it wasn’t “It’s not cold” but close to “Can endure” instead .

There are also times when it’s easy to understand, but there are also times when I don’t notice, so I have to carefully watch the two’s expressions, so I don’t overlook anything~

When we begin the capture of the fourteenth floor2--

[Shaaaaー]

A Sea Snake appeared .

[Allen, Elena . Sea Snakes have venom, so you must not approach them, okay?]

[[Ye~s]]

Sea Snake is a snake of about 30cm in length with a considerably high fatality rate as it possesses a strong neurotoxin .

That very thing is smoothly swimming towards us .

[[《Water Needle~》--…… Uniyu~]]

Allen and Elena immediately switched to magic when I told them about the venom, but it appears that the smoothly swimming Sea Snake is difficult to hit with a《Water Needle》 .

They are a bit daunted since the magic didn’t hit .

[It’s fine, properly watch its movements . You will hit it next time]

[Un . --《Water Needle~》]

[Shaaaaー]

The magic hit this time and the Sea Snake was defeated .

[[Yay~]]

[Well done~]

[[Ehehe~]]

Getting the point, they would immediately defeat the Sea Snakes we encountered after that, and so we advanced while obtaining large quantities of drop items such as Sea Snake’s skin, fangs, and neurotoxin .



Chapter 79

After resting between the sixteenth and seventeenth floor, we are currently advancing through the seventeenth floor.

[Guaaaaー!!]

I can see a bear with a deep blue colored fur--Water Bear running towards us while splashing water in the distance.

Is it among the largest variety of monsters we have seen in this dungeon until now?

The moment the Water Bear appeared, Allen and Elena began running towards ut.

[Guaaa!]

The Water Bear who noticed the two rushing towards it fired several《Water Ball》while running.

[《Water Ball》]

Supporting the children from behind, I countered each an every《Water Ball》.

As if understanding it, Allen and Elena closed the distance between the Water Bear in one go.

[[Yaa!]]

[Guaaaaaー!]

Allen and Elena were running towards the front of the Water Bear, but they parted left and right before making a direct contact, and drove an explosive kick to its both sides.

It would be difficult to defeat Water Bear who is water and cold resistant with magic. However, that has nothing to do with Allen’s and Elena’s kicking. It’s not magic but a blow……

[[Yaa!]]

[Guaaaaaー!]

The Water Bear whose movements stopped after one blow got ax-kicked this time. It’s not given any time to counterattack. The Water Bear who ate the two’s full power ax kicks collapsed to the ground.

[[Haa~!]]

[Guaaa……]

Delivering a finishing blow, Allen and Elena kicked the Water Bear’s body flying.

The Water Bear’s movements completely stopped and it turned into a drop item.

[[Defeated~]]

Allen and Elena picked up the dropped fur and brought it to me. It seems we obtained quite the large fur.

When I received it from the two and touched it, it felt quite pleasant to the touch. This looks good for making Allen’s and Elena’s cold weather clothes.

[Shall we make Allen’s and Elena’s coat out of this?]

[[Coat?]]

[Right. It’s clothes to wear when it’s cold]

[[This is~?]]

When I spoke about making coats from the Water Bear’s fur, Allen and Elena asked while pulling on the hem of their capes they were currently wearing.

[Well, this will also make you a bit cold during the cold season, so let’s make something warmer]

[[Got it~]]

The fabric of the capes the two are wearing at the moment is thick, but I’m bit uneasy about them wearing it in midwinter. Therefore, when I explained such, the two nodded in understanding.

[Allen, like Joule!]

[Elena, like Feat!]

[Nn?]

But, what continued after that was Allen and Elena saying the names of the contracted beasts.

Joule and Feat? …… In what meaning?

[[This~]]

I tilted my head in puzzlement without understanding what Allen and Elena meant. Then, the two put on the hoods of the capes and pulled on the kemonomimi on top. So they mean--

[Ah! You want to look like Joule and Feat!]

[[Un!]]

[Roger. Let’s look for a store that will make it for us then]

[[Yay~]]

It appears that the two are pleased by the kemonomimi hoods. If that’s the case, let’s make them eared coats just as they wish. It’s cute after all!

Wanting a bit more of the Water Bear fur and walking around with[Will a Bear appear soon I wonder~?]thoughts, we encountered approximately three meters large turtle--Bubble Archelon.

After half of the dungeon--from the fifteenth floor, the monsters that appear are large. The Water Bear from a little while ago was also quite big.

[[What’s that~?]]

[N? That is a turtle]

[[Turtle~!]]

[Shaーーーー]

[Oh?]

[[Uniyu?]]

The Bubble Archelon noticed us and spat out soccerball-sized bubbles towards us.

Our field of vision was covered with bubbles in the blink of an eye.

[Allen, Elena. You mustn’t touch that, okay?]

[[Yesss]]

The buoyantly floating bubbles seem just like ordinary soap bubbles, but they are not ordinary by any means.

A considerable explosion will occur the moment they are touched and broken.

Bubble Archelon is a monster that disturbs the movements of the hostile opponents and escapes in the meanwhile.

[Ah, that’s right]

I stored all of those soapy bubbles into the《Infinite Storage》.

Even if it looks like making contact with the bubbles while storing them in the《Infinite Storage》, there’s actually no contact, so it’s possible to store them without breaking them.

Un, the field of vision is restored with this! After I finished removing the bubbles, I could see the Bubble Archleon escaping in the distance.

Its movements are so swift for a turtle monster! That didn’t happen, so there’s a plenty of distance to attack.

[《Wind Cutter》]

I fired a blade of wind towards the turtle who was escaping without paying any attention to us, but it seems it didn’t have any effect against the turtle’s hard shell.

[Shaーーーー]

The Bubble Archelon noticed that all of the discharged bubbles disappeared, so it spat out bubbles again, but I immediately tidied up the bubbles into my《Infinite Storage》.

[U~n, let’s see. --《Water Pillar》]

[Gyaaーーーーー]

When I spring forth a pillar of water under the turtle and onto its belly which seemed like a weak spot, the Bubble Archelon splendidly overturned.

[[Yaa!]]

Allen and Elena started vigorously running towards the Bubble Archelon and drove a full power drop kick? …… No, is that closer to a landing rather than a kick? Towards its defenseless belly.

[Gyashaーーーーー]

Well, whether it was a kick or a landing, its effect was excellent as the Bubble Archelon ceased to breathe and turned into drop item.

[[Defeated~]]

Allen and Elena picked up the drop item and returned to me.

[[Here!]]

[Thank you]

It appears there were several drop items.

This is a shell. And this is a turtle meat. Moreover, it’s edible. How do you prepare turtle meat? Like a suppon1? I can think only of a hot-pot when it comes to suppon.

[Beeear, beeear]

[Tuuurtle, tuuurtle]

After that, we encountered several Water Bears and Bubble Archelons, we defeated them in the same way each time and acquired a lot of drop items.

◇ ◇ ◇

[[This is~?]]

[This design is the same as the trap from before, isn’t it? It’s that one that drops rocks from above when stepped on]

[[That one is~?]]

[That one is a dummy. You mustn’t touch the area protruding around it, okay~]

[[Yes~]]

The eighteenth floor is a trap covered in many traps with many passages.

[Oopsy!]

[[A trap~?]]

[Un, this is one too. Be careful not to step on it, okay~]

[[Yesss]]

Traps are loaded with magical power, so I can generally tell them apart with【Detection】. That’s why we are able to avoid them before getting caught in them.

[[This too~?]]

[Un, looks like it]

Allen and Elena discover one trap after another too, but--

[[Ah]]

[Eh? -- Oops!]

They occasionally carelessly step on the traps.

The moment they stepped on the trap this time, an arrow flew out of a hole in the wall. The arrow is fired in the height of an adult’s head, so it’s not dangerous for the two though.

Traps, unlike monsters, are inorganic things, so it might be difficult for Allen’s and Elena’s【Presence Detection】skill to detect them. Well, even if the skill doesn’t react, they are able to notice most of the traps with pure intuition.

[[Stepped on it~ Ehehe~]]

Trying to gloss over it by laughing is adorable, so I will forgive them!

Too easy? It’s not like I got hurt or anything so it’s fine!

[Be careful you two~]

[[Okay~]]



Chapter 80


We cautiously slipped through the trap covered the eighteenth floor and safely arrived at the nineteenth floor, but the nineteenth floor was full of traps as well .

There is no doubt that it would be a seriously tricky floor for parties with no trap avoidance personnel .

But, because it was a floor where nearly no monsters appear, I was glad that we have to be careful just about the traps, but…… Allen and Elena seemed to be a bit dissatisfied .

[[Yaa!]]

[[[Kyashaーーー!]]]

They trampled a large group of Armi Crabs,

[[Haaー!]]

[[[Guaaaaー!]]]

They kicked a group of Water Bears flying,

[[Toryaー!]]

[Gishaーーーー!]

They destroyed a shell of a Bubble Archelon .

Whether this is a recoil from not being able to fight on the nineteenth floor, the two exterminated monsters we encountered on the twentieth floor with a great vigor .

As expected, I was in a panic when they destroyed the Bubble Archelon’s shell . I immediately checked whether Allen’s and Elena’s legs are alright, but there wasn’t a problem at all .

And so, we progressed with the capture in such way and we have currently arrived in front of the twentieth floor’s boss room .

[[Can touch~?]]

[Ah, un . Go ahead~]

[[Un!]]

This is the third door to the boss room we have encountered . Allen and Elena already understand the door’s structure and asked whether they can touch it in order to enter inside .

When I permitted them, they touched the door at once . Then, as we thought, the door slowly automatically opened .

[[Going in~!]]

[Hey there, hey there, don’t rush~]

The door got completely opened and I was astonished as I entered inside while holding Allen’s and Elena’s hands so they wouldn’t rush in .

[This is something……]

[[Ohh~]]

I could hear the voices of astonishment from Allen and Elena as well .

I was certain that it would be an empty spacious room, but it was a waterfall lake surrounded by nature .

Moreover, there was a spring of considerable size spreading below .

--Bashaーn!

At that moment, accompanied by a loud noise, a large red object lept out of the lake and sank in the lake with a splash once again .

That was…… a goldfish, wasn’t it~? Is that this room’s boss?

[[Fish~?]]

[Looks like a fish friend . I wonder if that is the master here?]

A gigantic goldfish is err…… it should be called Murderfish . A dangerous-sounding name for a goldfish .

[[Ah]]

When the Murderfish sticks out its face out of the water, it released a jet of water while aiming at us .

[Oopsy]

[[Wawa]]

We evade the jet which made a hearty sound upon impact . The ground where we were standing just a second ago is gouged out .

[Uwa~……]

[[Ohh~]]

It was an attack of considerable power .

When I look at the lake, the Murderfish submerged again and disappeared .

[Allen, wants to do that~!]

[Elena wants to do that too~!]

It appears that Allen and Elena took a liking to the magic the Murderfish used . The eyes of the two are dazzlingly sparkling .

That kind of magic, huh…… well, I think it would be good for the two to increase the variety of magic they use, why not teach them new magic?

[Let’s see……--《Water Jet》]

[Shaaaaー]

I tried shooting similar magic towards the Murderfish who showed its face from the water again .

《Water Jet》is an attack with a feeling of vigorously discharging compressed water .

Not expecting my attack, the Murderfish received my attack upfront and escaped back into the water .

[You can use it with this magic?]

[[Yay~!]]

There was a bit of recoil when releasing the water, but it will be safe for the two to use as well .

Allen and Elena were pleased with the new magic and raised their hands into the air .

[Then, how about taking an aim and trying it?]

[[Un! --《Water Jet》]]

Taking aim at the Murderfish when it appears, Allen and Elena shoot the《Water Jet》, but this time, the Murderfish spewed out water and opposed the two’s magic .

[Uh-oh]

Allen’s and Elena’s first time fired magic was being overwhelmed and the Murderfish’s jet of water was coming our way, so I took the two under my arms and jumped .

[[Au~]]

[Because you simply lost in power, try increasing the magical power a little bit next time]

[[Un! --《Water Jet》]]

Increasing the quantity of magical power, Allen and Elena released their magic towards the Murderfish once again .

The Murderfish undauntedly spewed out water .

The two’s magic collided with the Murderfish’s and scattered in the air . It seems they have offset each other .

[Doing good! Can you do it again with a little bit more magical power?]

[[Can do~!]]

We would have to find a different way to fight if the Murderfish stayed under the water, but it’s far easier because the Murderfish has to stick out its face out of the water’s surface to counterattack .

In addition, its attack pattern is predictable and it’s not getting out of on the ground to attack us, so Allen and Elena were absorbed in practicing .

Well, it’s easy for us to fight the Murderfish because it won’t fight close quarters . People with poor magic firepower would probably suffer hardships .

[[《Water Jet》]]

[Shaaaaー]

This time, the two overcame the Murderfish’s attack and their water jet reached the Murderfish .

The effect of water attacks against a water attributed monsters are partially reduced, but it seems it properly received damage .

[Un, that was good . Then, shall all three of us do it will all of our strength next?]

[[Un!]]

[Here I go . --《Water Jet》]

[[《Water Jet》]]

I participate this time as well and the three of us fire the magic simultaneously .

[Shaaaaa……]

The united power of us three directly hit the Murderfish, sending its large body into the air . It crashed into the cliff where the waterfall was flowing, it then bounced off of it and sunk into the lake with a flashy splash .

After a short while, the sunk Murderfish floated up and changed into drop items .

The dropped items were reddish things and a relatively large water magic stone . This seems to be the Murderfish’s fin . Also, the Murderfish’s scales and meat .

I collected everything just in case, but…… goldfish meat, huh…… this would require courage to eat…… I will definitely hoard it in the《Infinite Storage》 .

While thinking about how to deal with the Murderfish meat, I saw something shiny behind the waterfall .

Looking around the room and not finding the door, it appears that the entrance to the next floor is behind the waterfall . Well, a cave behind the waterfalls is the staple .

[[Shiny~]]

[Yeah . It appears the exit is behind the waterfall]

Passing under the waterfall, there really was a cave as I thought . And the transfer device was there as well .

I don’t touch the transfer device this time as I don’t intend to go to the lower floors, but we will take a break in this place .

[Allen, Elena~ Let’s have a meal . What would you like?]

[[Ntone~ fish~]]

[Fish, is it? Will you guys help me prepare it?]

[[Will do~!]]

They have requested fish for the meal, but as I have no spirit to cook the goldfish meat, I made a meal out of a normal fish I bought at the market .




Chapter 81

[Good morning]

[[Morning~]]

[Now then, what would you like for breakfast?]

[[Furench Toast~]]

[Allen and Elena love the French toast, don’t you~]

[[Un! It’s deーlish~]]

We who have rested at the twentieth floor’s transfer device had a breakfast, made preparations and descended on the twenty-first floor .

The water depth on the twenty-first floor increased more than before . The water reaches up to my knees .

Since that’s the case, it reaches up to Allen’s and Elena’s waists and advancing like this would be impossible .

[Kyan]

Therefore, I summoned Joule .

As he would get wet if I called him normally, I summoned him in a small form so I could hold him, gave him the Mermaid bracelet we found in the treasure chest on the tenth floor1 and made him transform into his large form .

Because the mermaid bracelet has automatic size adjustment effect, there weren’t any problems even after Joule transformed .

《Allen, Elena, come up~》

[[Joule]]

Thus, I had Allen and Elena ride on Joule who became big .

Rather, Joule who became able to use telepathy called the two himself . Allen and Elena playfully clung onto Joule’s back .

I’m sorry to the other contracted beasts, but I’m summoning only Joule this time .

I have only one spare mermaid bracelet in the first place, so I can’t call them .

Well, Bolt who is a bird wouldn’t be able to exhibit his full power in this restricted space of dungeon and using lightning in the place full of water would be dangerous . As for Vector, I haven’t confirmed the power of his fire magic yet on top of not knowing what he would do, so I judged summoning him as dangerous .

I thought there was no problem in summoning Feat at first as well, but it isn’t certain whether one would still get wet from moving around even while having the【Flight】skill . It would be a bit strange if just Feat was soaked wet……

As I thought, I would like more mermaid bracelets . I wonder if Miko Himesama would lend me some mermaid bracelets if I put up a request with her? They don’t appear on the markets on the surface that much, but mermaids can apparently easily make them……

Let’s ask when we go there to play next time .

[Alright! Then, shall we go?]

[[Un!]]

《Let’s go, let’s go!》

When I advance on the twenty-first floor accompanied by Joule with Allen and Elena on his back, a smallish dark crocodilian--a Black Alligator has appeared . It’s entirely pitch black, so it doesn’t stand out too much, but a dark jewel is embedded on its forehead .

Also, although I said small, it’s only slightly smaller than me, so it has quite the size . Because there are crocodilians the size of being able to swallow people, I said smallish in comparison to them .

《A prey has appearedー!》

When Joule who discovered the Black Alligator shouted such, he began running still with Allen and Elena on his back .

《Thereー!》

[Gyaahーーー!]

Joule approached the Black Alligator and jumped up, squashing it and sinking it under water .

[[Hiyaー]]

Allen and Elena who were on Joule’s back while he sprinted and jumped up raised their voices cheerfully .

It appears they are having fun .

《Oniichan, I defeated itー》

[Thanks, Joule . Good work]

Joule brought the dropped items of alligator meat and skin to me .

Alligator meat, huh…… it seems it can be normally eaten .

Alligator skin is an attractive material for a wallet, but wallets are not used on Aetheredia that much, so there’s no meaning in making them .

Because there is no paper money and only coins, a drawstring handbags-like pouches are the most popular . The Adventurer’s Guild’s rewards are handed over in pouches as the amounts are large .

《Oniichan, Oniichan! I want to eat this meat~!》

[N? Ah, this meat? Because Joule has defeated it, of course, you can eat it]

《I didn’t mean it like thatー》

Huh? Didn’t he say that he wants to eat the Black Alligator meat which just dropped?

《I’m talking about Oniichan’s dish~ Next time you cook, I would like to eat a dish made from that meatー》

[Allen tooー]

[Elena as wellー]

I thought Joule wants to eat raw meat once in a while because he’s a carnivorous animal, but it appears he wanted to make a request for a meal . Allen and Elena took the opportunity to raise their hands and appeal as well .

[Ah, you meant it like that . Let’s see, I want to do something simple for the lunch, do you mind having it for the dinner? Allen and Elena too, are you fine with that?]

《Alrightー I’m looking forward to it~♪》

[[Un!]]

That being the case, alligator meat was decided for the dinner .

Rather, I have so easily agreed, but how do you prepare alligator meat? Was alligator meat a meat with a plain taste? I feel like I’ve heard that in the Amazon special edition program……

Alright, let’s cook it thinking that it’s chicken meat!

《Then, since that’s decided, we have to get more meat! Allen, Elena, let’s keep goingー!》

[[Meatー!]]

It seems that the hunting soul has been ignited within the children for some reason .

The block of meat we have obtained just now is enough for today’s dinner though~

[…… Ooy . Capturing the dungeon is our main objective, so be moderate with the hunting, okayー]

《Yes~》

[[Yesss]]

《Sniif, sniff . That way? Allen, Elena, let’s goー》

[[Ohh~!]]

[……]

I have cautioned them just in case, but they are completely focused on finding prey .

I feel like they will be able to obtain a tremendous amount of alligator meat with Joule’s sense of smell and Allen’s and Elena’s presence detection…… I walked behind the two children and one animal while worrying about the amount of meat they will obtain .

[[Thereー]]

Allen and Elena immediately discovered the prey .

《Really . It’s red, but it has the same shape so it should be fine . Allen, Elena, let’s go~》

[[Un!]]

It’s different in color from the Black Alligator, a red crocodilian--Red Alligator .

[[《Water Ball》]]

《《Water Ball》》

The next moment, Allen, Elena, and Joule fired magic simultaneously .

It appears that Joule’s signal wasn’t to break into a run, but a signal to fire magic . They haven’t made any preparations before though~ They are perfectly in sync .

[Gyaahーーー!]

The Red Alligator fell prey to the magic and ceased to breathe .

Even though this is the second half of an intermediate level dungeon, the children defeat the monsters they encounter too quickly .

《It isn’t meat~》

[[Muu~]]

This time’s drops seem to be a red skin and fangs . Allen, Elena, and Joule were disheartened because there was no meat .

《It can’t be helpedー Umm, next is……》

[[Joule, that wayー]]

《Got itー》

But, they have begun looking for the next prey immediately .

[Nnaa~?]

I became slightly lonely from watching the two children and animal getting along, so I decided to summon Feat . Of course, in the small form .

[I can’t let you fight because you would get wet, but will you accompany me, Feat?]

[Nnaa!]

Patting Feat who snuggled up to me, I chase after Allen, Elena, and Joule who went ahead .

[[Thereー]]

《There it is! Allen, Elena, hang on tightly》

[[Un]]

《Then, here I goー》

Joule instructed Allen and Elena to hold on him properly and began to run .

《Thereー!》

[Gyaahーーー!]

Then, he trampled the Black Alligator while vigorously running .

Looking at it like that, Joule’s and the children’s way of fighting is very similar, isn’t it?

《Yayー We got the meatー》

[[Onii~ chan, sparklyー]]

[N? Ah, it is]

The dropped item seems to be a thumbnail-sized Black Onyx . That’s the thing on the Black Alligator’s forehead .

I think it’s a rare drop item with a considerably low rate of obtaining, but…… well, it’s Allen and Elena . It wouldn’t be strange for them to get their hands on rare drop items .

《Alright! Let’s keep goingー》

[[Ohhー]]

Because the hunt kept going on, we were hunting all day long in the end .

In addition to the black and red alligator monsters, there were also blue and brown ones, we obtained a large amount of skin and fangs of each color . We also got a considerable amount of jewels . I wonder where the low drop rate went .

Of course, we have obtained large quantities of meat, but even though their colors were different, the meat itself is the same . It seems there’s no need to eat and compare .

[Look, it’s doneー]

[[Yay~]]

《Looks deliciousー》

[Nnaa~]

We found a place with no water and I made an alligator meat dish as promised . I made sukiyaki stock2 and tried making it on the sukiyaki 3 style .

[[Delishー]]

《Deliciousー》

《Nnaaー》

It was well-received .

…… It’s unexpected without a stench and very easy to eat~ It looks that I will be able to use it in various dishes .




Chapter 82

Because the alligator meat from yesterday was far easier to eat and more delicious than I thought, both I and the children liked it, so they decided to get even more alligator meat today .

I stopped them in panic . We already have plenty of alligator meat, I somehow persuaded them .

That being the case, we have promptly descended the staircase we have found today and started the capture of the twenty-second floor .

《Let’s get in high spirits and go~!》

[[Ohh~]]

[Nnaa~]

Because the twenty-second floor’s passage also had a knee-height water level, I put Allen and Elena on Joule, held the small Feat in my hands and we departed .

《Ah, alligator discovered~!》

[[Yay~ Joule, do your best~]]

《Here I go~!》

Just as we set out, a White Alligator has appeared and Joule who discovered it vigorously broke into a run .

《Tooh~!》

[Gyaahーーー!]

Joule easily trampled the White Alligator .

《Meat get~》

[[Get~]]

The dropped items are alligator meat and…… this is a topaz!

A rare drop jewel right from the start…… seriously, where did the low drop chance go to? Aren’t they dropping too much?

《Ah, another one discovered~!》

[[Meat~]]

Allen and Elena love sparkly things, but they were happier about the meat this time . Do they like the alligator meat that much?

[Next, Allen!]

[Elena too~]

《Sure~ Can you go from here? Shall I approach a little bit more?》

[[Is fine~ --《Water Jet》]]

《Yay~ It’s meat again~》

[[Yay~]]

Before I come to myself, the children defeated an alligator and obtained meat again .

The meat won’t rot because it’s stored in the《Infinite Storage》, but we got enough meat to eat it regularly for a few years . But, while that may be true, the children would get angry at me if I sold it, right? No, they won’t get angry…… I feel like they would be sulking .

I would be troubled if they sulked, so as I thought, I can’t sell the alligator meat~

Ah, I could gift it to Cedric-san and others! The children wouldn’t tell me not to then .

But, I should confirm with them first .

[Oy~ Even if you get so much alligator meat, I won’t be able to use it all~ What do you say about gifting Cedric-san and others some?]

[[Un, gift~]]

《Okay~》

[Naa~]

I heard the words of approval from everyone . With this, the stock of the alligator meat will decrease .

Then, while thinking such--

《Then, we have to defeat more alligators!》

[[Ohh~]]

[………… Excuse me?]

It appears they intend to get even more alligator meat .

No, wait a moment! Even though we already have plenty of alligator meat, why are you set on obtaining even more!?

[[That way~]]

《Alright, here I go~》

Without being able to stop them, Allen, Elena, and Joule ran off to get more alligator meat .

Huh…… I feel like it would be useless even if I stopped them? Ah~……

[Naa~]

While dejected over the different plan, Feat snuggled up to close in order to comfort me .

While being healed, I hastily followed after the children .

After that, we were alligator hunting all day long . Though I wanted to stop them…… I couldn’t .

Understandably, we obtained a massive quantity of alligator meat . Alligator meat of such quantity…… seriously, what to do……

◇ ◇ ◇

The next day after the second consecutive day of alligator hunting, we stepped on the twenty-third floor .

There, the knee-deep water level returned to the ankle depth .

It’s not necessary to let Allen and Elena ride Joule, but they said that they want Joule and Feat to go with us, so I decided to take them along .

Ah, Feat is being carried by me as usual though .

The journey was smooth and we favorably progressed . The reason being the children instantly killing all the monsters that appeared . My turn has quite not come yet, but I’m enduring, the children are enjoying themselves and I can’t barge in uninvited, after all~

While thinking such, we have discovered a treasure chest hidden along the path .

We haven’t found one that wasn’t in a hidden room, but it was magnificently placed in the middle of the path .

[[Treasure~…… huuh~?]]

Allen and Elena rushed up to the treasure chest, but they stopped in the middle for some reason .

[What’s wrong?]

《What, what?》

[Nnaa?]

[[Somewhat weird~?]]

[N?]

Allen and Elena pointed at the treasure chest and proclaimed it weird .

I immediately used【Appraisal】on the treasure chest . Doing that, I found that it’s a mimic--a monster that camouflaged itself as a treasure chest .

[That is a mimic . A monster]

[[Mimic~?]]

《A fake~?》

[Nnaa~?]

Even though it looks like a treasure chest until the moment you open it, the two noticed it well . As expected of them .

[Right . It’s a fake treasure chest . It pretends to be a treasure chest and assaults those who approach it]

[Naa~]

[N? Ah, Feat wants to defeat it? It would work with magic . Sure, go ahead Feat]

[Nnaa!]

When I give permission to Feat who wanted to defeat it, Feat immediately fired《Wind Cutter》and attacked the mimic . Then, with a bang, a white smoke escaped from the mimic and the pattern on the treasure chest changed .

It appears that this is a genuine treasure chest .

[Allen, Elena, want to open it?]

[[Un, will open~]]

Since it seemed that there are no more gimmicks, the two opened the chest and when I looked inside, there was a Transfer Magic Tool (simple) inside .

[[What is it~?]]

[A transfer magic tool]

Speaking simply, it’s that . That thing which the guild uses to send letters .

It’s a convenient thing, but it’s useless without the recognition code of the recipient .

However, should I sell it or hold onto it? It might eventually become needed . Besides, if I got another magic tool of the same kind, I would be able to exchange with whomever I liked .

[[Transfer~?]]

[Right . Remember how we instantly moved from the hall to the tenth floor?]

[[Un!]]

[This can do the same thing . This fellow can only send letters or small things to a person with the same thing though]

[[《Ohh~》]]

[Nnaa~]

The children raised their voices of admiration .

Do Allen and Elena properly understand? But, I feel like Joule and Feat didn’t understand at all, but somehow raised their voices in consent . Well, Joule and Feat are monsters, so it might be possible that transfer equipment wasn’t necessary for their daily lives until now .

[Alright . Then, shall we keep going?]

[[Un! That way~]]

With Allen and Elena pointing out the direction, we soon discovered the staircase to the twenty-fourth floor .

We continued the capture and were able to find the staircase leading to the twenty-fifth floor .

That was all for the day . I decided to rest before descending .

By the way, alligator meat was used for today’s dinner . We ate it deep-fried with soy sauce . Un, it was immensely delicious .




Chapter 83

[Fa……]

《Oniichan, morning~》

[[Ah]]

[Gufu!]

Waking up from a short sleep, I heard Joule’s, Allen’s, and Elena’s voices . And then at the same time, a terrible impact on my belly…… I’m choking .

[…… Joule]

Joule who turned into the small form was on my belly . The impact from a little while ago appears to be from Joule jumping on me .

I would catch him in my hands as usual, but I caught him with the pit of my stomach instead because I was just getting up .

This impact with no aggressiveness with a small form…… I see, it’s only given that the big Joule trampled the alligators to death~

《Au~…… I’m sorry》

Joule who noticed my fainting in agony after his jumping impact was visibly feeling down . His tail would usually flap all over the place, but it’s now hanging in despondent .

[No, yeah, I’m fine . Good morning, Joule . Well, I won’t tell you to stop jumping onto me, but please, I request you to do the landing carefully next time]

《Got it~》

When I pat Joule who was feeling despondent while rising up, I caution Joule to pay attention to the landing next time . I understand he didn’t have any ill intentions, but I would like to avoid that impact every time .

[Allen and Elena too, good morning]

[[Morning~]]

[Naa~]

[Good morning to you as well, Feat]

I finish greeting the other children and start preparing breakfast after putting in order my clothes .

[Now then, what shall we eat today~]

[[Onigiri~]]

[N? You want to eat onigiri?]

[[Un!]]

《Me too~》

[Naa~]

While thinking what freshly cooked dish to make, Allen and Elena made a request . It appears they want onigiri this morning . Joule and Feat are apparently okay with that as well .

[What would you like for the filling?]

[[Ntone~ fish~]]

Speaking of onigiri with fish filling that I made, it was salmon and tuna mayo . In addition, a miso soup with plenty of vegetables and tamagoyaki to go with that .

[[It’s delish~]]

《…… Yum yum》

[Nnaa~]

We start capturing after eating the meal . Today is the twenty-fifth floor .

[[[[[Kishaーーー]]]]]

Just as we descended on the twenty-fifth floor, Army Crabs appeared . In a large quantity at that .

[[Muu~]]

《Those are hard and not so delicious~》

[Naa~]

Because it was monsters not suitable for ingredients, the children were disappointed .

…… Rather, Joule . You have eaten them before? Moreover, raw?

Huh…… Feat is nodding in agreement?

《Do you think Oniichan could make a tasty meal out of it?》

[Naa~]

[[Ohh~?]]

Everyone looks at me with expectations .

Cooking with Armi Crabs? Erm…… there are not many edible parts, but it’s not impossible . But…… they are not meant for eating……

[…… If it’s dashi…… I could do it?]

They are materials used for making armor, but a crab is a crab?

[[《Dashi~?》]]

[It’s for a soup]

《Yay~ I want to drink a soup~ Then, I will do my best and defeat them, okay~》

[Allen too~]

[Elena too~]

It appears that it has been decided that I will make a soup from the Army Crabs .

Allen, Elena, and Joule vigorously ran towards the Army Crabs .

Well, they have run off with such vigor to defeat the Army Crabs and they will surely obtain many materials, so there shouldn’t be a problem in trying to make dashi .

[Naa~]

[N?]

[Nnaannaa~]

[Ah, Feat wants to participate as well?]

[Naa~]

Feat who was in my hands wanted to participate as well, so when I released Feat from my hands, Feat started firing magic at the Army Crabs mid-air .

Because there are many Army Crabs, I should participate in attacking too . I would like to earn some experience even if little .

[《Water Needle》]

[[Yaa~]]

《Eiya~》

[Nnaa!]

With all of us moving, the large crowd of Army Crabs got exterminated in a blink of an eye .

[[Finished~]]

A large quantity of drop items are scattered all over the place .

We have obtained many shells, legs, claws, and magic stones, but the children were most delighted about the Army Crab eggs they saw for the first time . There was also nori for some reason……

Is that “it”? Was it stuck to the crab’s shell or something? I wonder if the dungeon is pushing me to make the soup……

《Oniichan, can you make the soup with this? There’s still lots~?》

[No, no, this is plenty . However, I will make it tonight]

《Un! Yay~ I’m looking forward to it~》

[[Looking forward to it~]]

[Naa~]

If I say something wrong, it would turn into the alligator hunting, so I have to be careful about my words .

[There, there, let’s get going~]

[[《Yay~》]]

[Naa~]

I would like to capture at least the twenty-sixth floor today after all . Let’s crisply progress! --Is what I thought, but…… it didn’t go according to my plan .

[[Many~]]

《Really~ So many~》

[Naa~]

A large crowd of Army Crabs appeared again .

[…… Let’s quickly defeat them~]

[[《Yay~》]]

[Naa~]

After I said such, the children really defeated the Army Crabs quickly .

Thus, we obtained many Army Crab drop items again .

《I’m looking forward the dinner, right~》

[[Right~]]

[Naa~]

Un, soup making…… I will do my best……

After that, we smoothly advanced through the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh floors .

And when we secured a place to rest, I started making the children’s long-awaited Army Crab soup .

I smashed the hard shell so it would fit into the pot and I started extracting the essence accompanied by gentle clicking .

I threw the Army Crab eggs and nori into the strained soup . The eggs were thumbnail-sized with gelatine-like quality, so I was worried whether it would melt while cooked, but there wasn’t a problem as it floated in the soup . Lastly, I salted it and tried the taste!

Un, it tastes unexpectedly good . Besides, these Army Crab eggs! Their popping texture matches the soup well!

[Allen too~]

[Elena too~]

《Not fair~ Me too~》

[Nnaa~]

I was checking the taste of the soup, but the children found fault with it and quickly rushed towards me .

Since it couldn’t be helped, I retrieved a few pre-made dishes from the《Infinite Storage》and we had the dinner just like that .




Chapter 84

Today, we are capturing the twenty-eighth floor . Including this, there are three more floors in the Dungeon of Ripples .

I see the end~ I came all the way here without any troubles thanks to Allen and Elena .

Well~ I hardly did anything until now~ …… Just cooking? As their guardian, I wonder if it’s all right……

Allen and Elena are having fun, but should I ask them to let me do the fighting……? I’m troubled, but……

[[Ah, a bear~]]

Allen and Elena who discovered a Water Bear broke into a run .

[[Yaa!]]

[Guaaah……]

And they insta-killed it .

[[Onii~ chan, look, look~]]

The two put on the pelt which dropped and cheerfully returned to my side .

Ah…… yeah, asking them to leave it to me would be impossible . I can’t snatch the two’s amusement~

[That’s a large pelt, isn’t it~]

[[Un! Like Joule and Feat~ Is enough~?]]

[N? …… Yeah, it’s enough~ I did not forget, so let’s have it made properly, okay?]

[[Un!]]

It’s the Joule and Feat heavy winter clothing imitation they wanted to make .

We were talking just about coats at that time, but looking at the amount of pelts we have gathered, we have more than enough to make a whole body animal costume~ Rather, wouldn’t that be better?

《Whatwhat~?》

[Naa~?]

[[Same~]]

《N?》

[Nnaa?]

Joule and Feat whose names came out showed interest in the topic, but the two animals tilted their heads at Allen’s and Elena’s words .

Well, they wouldn’t understand just from being told “same” right~

[Ah, the plan is to make Allen’s and Elena’s coats from the Water Bear pelt in Joule’s and Feat’s style]

《Me!? Really!?》

[Nnaa!?]

When I convey to Joule and Feat so they would understand, the two animals showed a surprise and then their bodies expressed happiness .

《Eh, that bear just now? Just the pelt? Shouldn’t we get more of that then? Alright, let’s look for bears~》

[Naa~]

[[Ohh~]]

[No, wait a moment! We have enough pelts already!]

Thus, Joule and Feat ran off to search for Water Bears in high tension . Together with Allen and Elena…… I chased after the children and stopped them .

《Ehh~? I mean, we will be matching~》

[Naa~]

[No, we have it, okay! We have plenty of pelts, so we will be fine even if you don’t look for it]

《Muu~》

[Naa~]

After somehow managing to stop the bear hunting which just barely started, Allen and Elena found a hidden room in the passage after resuming the capture .

[[Here~]]

[N? Oh, it certainly looks hidden room-ish]

《Yay~ I wonder if there’s a treasure~》

[Naa~]

It wasn’t a trapdoor room like the before, but the destroy the wall hidden room . Therefore, when we enter after destroying the wall, there was a spacious room with a stone altar with an artificial fountain with light brown liquid in the center .

It’s unlike any hidden room we have found before .

[This is the smell of alcohol?]

When I approached the fountain, the smell of alcohol gradually became stronger .

I’m fine, but I would be troubled if it had a bad influence on Allen and Elena, so I isolated the scent of surroundings with the wind .

And when I used【Appraisal】on the fountain, the result was[Brandy Fountain] .

It appears that the light brown liquid is alcohol, a brandy at that .

Of course, there’s no harm on the body--no, it’s an alcohol, so drinking way too much would harm the body…… in this case, the harm is in the toxic meaning .

But, it seems there are no problems in drinking it, so I gave it a try .

[Ah, it’s good]

When I scoop it in my hands and try, it tasted nostalgic .

[Un, it’s a brandy without a doubt . It’s normally delicious]

I drank alcohol if invited by a friend . It was only to such degree, so I’m not that knowledgeable about alcohol, but I’m thinking whether this brandy doesn’t have a considerably good taste .

Speaking of popular alcohol circulating around Aetherdia, it would be an ale . And then, wine and apple cider-like alcohol made from fruit .

I might find it if I looked for it, but I haven’t seen any brandy so far even though I saw products made from the same grapes . I found balsamic vinegar and apple cider-like vinegar though~

As for the alcohol made of grains with the exception of ale--I haven’t seen any whiskey, gin, or vodka .

The white wheat which is used as feed for the livestock--I thought that finding a rice wine would be hopeless, but I might be able to find it somewhere in a dungeon .

Finding a brandy here is a good fortune . Of course, I should draw some of it, right?

…… If I’m not mistaken, I should have an empty water cask .

There are cases like this, so it’s necessary to purchase more empty casks or bottles .

[[Is delish~?]]

[It is . But, this is a beverage for adults, so Allen and Elena mustn’t drink it, okay?]

[[…… Yess]]

Allen and Elena seemed interested, but this is an alcohol . I can’t Allen and Elena drink this .

[[Uniyu~]]

[Au~n]

[Nnya!?]

[…… N?]

While I was taking out the empty cask from the《Infinite Storage》, I suddenly heard Allen, Elena, and Joule let out weird voices .

[[…… Not delish]]

《This is not good~》

[Hey! Ehh!? Did you perhaps drink it? Ahh, seriously~~~ Here, a fruit water, drink it]

It appears that the children drank the fountain liquid as soon as I took my eyes off of them .

Feat didn’t seem to drink it and was quite shocked when the two and one animal drank .

I retrieved the children’s favorite fruit water from the《Infinite Storage》in panic and let them and Joule drink .

[[Uniyu~]]

[Are you feeling sick?]

[[…… Not sick~]]

《Ugh~~~》

Even though they drank it, it should be only a small amount, so I think there won’t be any problems .

That reminds me, Allen and Elena have Abnormal Status Resistance, don’t they? With that, would it be difficult for them to suffer from a hangover? Well, at the moment, rather than that--

[You guys! I told you not to drink it, didn’t I?]

I have to properly scold Allen, Elena, and Joule!

[[I’m sorry~]]

《I’m sorry》

The two and one animal apologized dejectedly .

[I told you not to drink it for a reason . It wasn’t good, was it?]

[[Not good]]

《I don’t like it~》

[Right? Besides, that is something children shouldn’t drink . Will you promise me not to taste anything that I say you shouldn’t eat or drink from now on?]

[[《I promise~》]]

Because I don’t have to worry about them drinking it anymore, I decided to draw the brandy without a reserve . Ah, before that--

[Feat, come here . Feat gets a reward because you’ve kept the promise]

《Yay~》

[N?]

At that time, I heard a girlish voice, different from Elena’s .

[Huh? Was that perhaps you, Feat?]

《That’s right, Niisama . You see, I’ve learned【Telepathy】~》

[Ohh!]

It appears that Feat learned the【Telepathy】 .

Similarly to Joule, Feat’s voice is still childish and adorable .

[[Feat!]]

《That’s right~ Allen-chan and Elena-chan, let’s keep being good friends from now on too, okay?》

[[Un!]]

《Niisama too, please take care of me》

[Yeah . Feat, let’s get along]

I was interrupted by the surprise of Feat’s【Telepathy】, but I have to reward her before I forget .

[Then, Feat . Are you fine with Cream bread for your reward?]

《Un . I love Cream bread~》

[[《Au~》]]

When I rewarded Feat with a Cream bread, Allen, Elena, and Joule looked at me with staggeringly sad eyes .

…… I’m not trying to bully them, but I have to endure~

《Niisama~ I want to eat with everyone》

Feat said so .

Well, being looked at with such eyes, Feat would have a difficult time eating alone, and above all, I can’t withstand those eyes~

[It can’t be helped . You will have to properly protect the promise next time, okay?]

[[《Un》]]

While the children were eating the Cream bread, I drew plenty of the brandy .




Chapter 85

[Alright, this floor is the last one~]

[[Last one~]]

《Where is the boss I wonder~》

《Maybe that way~?》

We easily finished capturing the twenty-ninth floor and finally stormed into the last floor of the dungeon, the thirtieth floor .

[[《《There it is~》》]]

And before long, we found the door of the boss room .

Promptly touching the door of the room and entering, what we came into was a coast-like place .

[[Sea~?]]

[Looks like it~]

A place with seawater that reached my knees . Because I see foreshore on my left, the right is most likely an open sea .

While observing the surroundings, a light fired from the open sea . That is the sign of the boss appearing .

[Shall we have Allen and Elena get on Joule? Joule, take care of them please]

[[Yes~]]

《Un, come up~》

《Niisama~ Do I fly by myself~?》

[That would be for the best . But, Feat is the only one without the mermaid bracelet, so be careful of the water, okay?]

《Un》

While organizing the battle preparations, the light gradually settled down .

When the light completely settled, a huge squid of several meters in size appeared . On the contrary of my Kraken expectations, it was a monster called Little Kraken .

Yeah, it’s not little at all, isn’t it!? Ah, but normal Kraken would be several times the size, so little is not wrong?

[Kiiーーーーー!!]

[《Wind Cutter》]

When I immediately fired《Wind Cutter》towards the Little Kraken, its leg got cut off .

[Ehh!?]

[[Ohh~]]

《They regrew~》

《Wow~》

However, the Little Kraken’s leg regrew in a blink of an eye . The leg which was cut off is still floating on the water surface though……

[Next, Allen~! --《Water Jet》]

Allen’s magic hit the Little Kraken and plucked off one of its legs . But, the Little Kraken’s leg immediately grew back .

[Next, Elena! --《Water Jet》]

Same thing happened to Elena who followed up after Allen .

《Woah . They are regrowing one after another, aren’t they~》

《Un, it’s endless》

Joule and Feat looked at the Little Kraken in amazement .

《Niisama, wouldn’t it be better for us to attack all at once and finish it in one go?》

《An all-out attack? Ohh, that seems fun . Oniichan, I approve!》

[Indeed, I don’t know to what degree it can regenerate itself, so bringing it down in one go sounds good…… then, let’s prepare]

[[《《Okay~》》]]

The Little Kraken’s regeneration ability is troublesome, so I decided for Feat’s proposal which was to bring it down with a simultaneous all-out attack .

[Let’s go -- One, two, go . 《Wind Cutter》]

[[《Water Jet》]]

《《Water Jet》》

《《Wind Cutter》》

--Dokaーn!

Everyone’s magic hit the Little Kraken and an outrageously loud noise resounded .

A massive amount of seawater flew into the air, a torrential rain obstructed the vision at the place where the Little Kraken was . Like this, I’m unable to confirm the Little Kraken’s status .

When the seawater rain subsided, what I saw was a worn-out state of the Little Kraken . The Little Kraken sunk into the sea just like that .

[[《Defeated~》]]

《That was too quick》

After a short while, drop items drifted towards us .

A blue magic stone, Little Kraken’s meat, and squid ink . Strangely, the three separated legs of the Little Kraken floated to us without disappeared as well . Moreover, they are bigger than me .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Little Kraken’s Leg】

Squid tentacle . Edible .

Moderately elastic with a chewy texture .

＝＝＝＝＝

…… It seems to be edible .

It’s not larger just by a little bit, but does it have the characteristic food texture of tentacles?

Rather, I’m curious about the tentacles too, but now’s the status time! I have not confirmed my status since meeting with Kaiser after all . I feel a bit worried~ Mainly about the level difference between me and the children……

＝＝＝＝＝

【 Name 】Takumi Kayano

【 Race 】Human?［Wind God’s retainer］

【 Occupation 】Magician

【 Age 】20

【 Level 】29

Skills

Titles

Contracted Beasts

＝＝＝＝＝

Hmm…… level 29, huh…… it’s raising favorably, but Allen’s and Elena’s level is…… yeah, as I thought…… level 30…… they have overtaken me……

Un, I thought so…… most of the monsters in this dungeon were defeated by Allen and Elena . It’s only the natural result…… haa……

My level was lower than Joule’s and Feat’s when we met . But, I surpassed them once . However, Joule caught up before I noticed again . Feat’s level is just under me, she’s level 28 .

umm, next is…… oh! I got new skills . 【Dagger Technique】【Clarity】and【Trap Dismantling】 .

I have completely forgotten about the【Fire Magic】I received from the Fire God . I’m not using it at all .

Next is…… wha!? Those titles–!!

【Conqueror of Intermediate-Grade Dungeon】was expected, but~ The hell is【Food Evangelist】!?

Just when did I obtain such title!

…… Although I say that, it’s a title I vaguely understand why I obtained it . I mean, a God has been delighted about the cooking development, so getting a title wouldn’t be strange, right?

While received the shocks from the status contents--creaking sounds echoed, and a door in the deepest part of the room opened .

[Onii~cha~n]

[Opened~]

[Thank you . Then, shall we go everyone?]

[[《《Yes~》》]]

There was a room in the deepest part that was more luxurious than the one on the twentieth and tenth floors .

[[Treasure~]]

《Let’s open it~》

《What’s inside, I’m looking forward to it~》

Just like in the Earth Dungeon, a treasure chest appeared . It’s possible that it’s a reward for the first capture of an undiscovered dungeon .

[Then, I’m opening it~]

[[What is it~?]]

《A sword, isn’t it?》

《It’s big~》

What was inside the treasure chest was a sword the size of an adult .

[…… This, what to do with it?]

It’s a splendid sword without a doubt . It’s similar to a magic sword with fire magic sealed inside .

No matter how much effort I would put it, this doesn’t look like something I could manage to handle .

《Niisama, you are not taking it?》

[[It~?]]

《Yeah~ you are not taking it~?》

Feat tilted her head in wonder at me who didn’t collect the sword right away . Following her, Allen and Elena made the same gesture . Moreover, even Joule reacted excessively .

[N? It’s a good sword, but it’s not usable for me~ I was just taking a look . Well, it’s a sword gained by capturing a dungeon, so I will take it regardless whether I can use it or not--eh, huh?]

Even though I already stored the sword in the《Infinite Storage》, the treasure chest didn’t disappear .

[[N?]]

《What, what~?》

《Niisama, what’s the matter~?》

[…… Perhaps]

The treasure chest this time wasn’t made from wood like the ones we encountered on the way, but it was made from metal while decorated with jewels, it was a bit extravagant chest .

When I tried storing it in the《Infinite Storage》as a test--

[Ah~]

I was able to collect it .

Apparently, this treasure chest is also treasure-ish? I don’t know uses treasure chests could have, but I decided to take it .

[Shall we return?]

[[Un!]]

[Because there might be people on the first floor, this is it for Joule and Feat]

《I see~ too bad . Oniichan, call me soon again, okay?》

《Niisama, summon me again as well, okay?》

[Of course . See you next time]

[[See you~]]

Joule and Feat returned to my shadow and I took Allen and Elena to the transfer device .

Until now, we would be forcibly transferred as soon as we touched the transfer device, but it was different this time .

I felt like I had the option to choose a destination in mind--the hall on the first floor, deep inside the tenth floor, and the innermost place of the twentieth floor .

Indeed, this is the first time that the destination of the transfer isn’t fixed and it’s possible to choose from multiple destinations .

[[Where~?]]

It seems that the choice to choose the destination conveyed to Allen and Elena as well .

[Let’s see . Then, let’s try going to the twentieth floor for a moment]

[[Twenti~eth!]]

When we recognized the twentieth floor as the destination, a unique dizziness from the transfer assaulted me .

And the next moment, we have appeared in a different room from the room on the thirtieth floor .

I see a waterfall on the other side, so this is without the doubt the twentieth floor .

[Then, let’s return this time]

[[Un!]]

[Allen, Elena . The first floor is next, okay?]

[[Un, first floor~!]]

Confirming that they could transfer safely, I touched the transfer device again and returned to the hall on the first floor .

There were several people in the hall and it got a little noisy after we appeared after using the transfer device, but we left behind the dungeon just like that and returned to the town of Bailey .




Chapter 86

[Yo~ Takumi!]

[Long time no see . It has been a month and a half wasn’t it, Takumi-san]

[Ehhhh-!?]

When we returned to the Risner mansion after capturing the dungeon, there were people I didn’t think I would meet .

And that was precisely the Captain of the Shirin’s Knights Order Wald-sama and Cedric-san’s little brother, the Vice-Captain Isaac .

[Were you pipsqueaks also well~]

[Allen-kun, Elena-san, hello . How have you been?]

[[Well~]]

While I was feeling surprised, Wald-sama and Isaac-san spoke with Allen and Elena .

Whether it was because Allen and Elena were fairly acquaintanced with them, they answered normally .

[Nonono!! W, why are Wald-sama and Isaac-san here!?]

[That’s cruel of you, Takumi-san . This is my hometown, you know? It’s not strange to be here, right?]

[N, no…… that’s true but……]

This is certainly Isaac-san’s hometown so it’s not strange for him to be here……

Do he perhaps have a vacation or something? But it would be strange for him to be with Wald-sama if that was the case .

In the first place, did Cedric-san know that the two are going to come?

[To surprise Takumi-san to this extent it was worthwhile having the horses run fast with a strict schedule, wasn’t it~]

[That is so . It’s always Takumi who is giving surprises]

[……]

They have apparently come a long way from Shirin on horses all the way here, to Bailey .

That’s right, isn’t it . If that wasn’t the case, it would be strange for them to arrive at this town in a few days . I’m sure they let the horses run at a quite quick pace .

It’s just, to be that delighted from being able to surprise me, this is somehow…… frustrating……

I don’t know when they returned because we were in the dungeon until just a moment ago . Even if they have just arrived and are tired, I have already lost the feelings of apprehension .

[So, why are you here?]

First of all, I asked for the reason why Wald-sama and Isaac-san are here .

[To pick you up, Takumi!]

[Haa!?]

Then, Wald-sama returned a reply I couldn’t comprehend .

To pick me up? Why?

[Wald-sama, please stop omitting the explanation]

[…… Umm, Isaac-san, what’s going on? Ah! Also, I’m sorry . I’ve used Isaac-san’s first name for my own convenience]

[Ah, don’t worry about the name . Calling me Risner while staying at Risner House would be inconvenient . Rather, there’s no need for the honorifics so I wouldn’t mind if you called me just Isaac]

[Ou, I also won’t mind if you throw away the honorifics with me!]

[No…… that’s a bit……]

I felt relieved that I got Isaac-san’s permission to use his first name . Even though I knew that Isaac-san wouldn’t be angry, using a noble’s name over-familiarly without permission is more or less considered as resistance . Only for Wald-sama to jump on along the way……

Cedric-san was like this too but as I thought, not using honorifics is impossible .

Also, Wald-sama is more fitting to be addressed as Wald-sama, isn’t he~

[So, what do you mean by picking me up?]

I recover and request an explanation from Isaac-san .

[On this occasion, we have been transferred to the capital duty]

[Is that so?]

Capital duty? What relation does Wald-sama’s and Isaac-san’s capital duty have with picking me up?

[Yeah, although the plan was to transfer all along, it was hastened a bit]

[…… Umm?]

[I’m told there was a person who discovered a new dungeon in Bailey and His Majesty wants to meet that person . However, that person dislikes standing out you see . If His Majesty issues an edict to summon him to the castle it will gather attention whether he likes it or not, so we would like to avoid it if possible]

[……]

It’s a story about their transfer…… while thinking such, the topic abruptly changed .

However, His Majesty is…… the King, right? Eh? That means we were summoned by the King?

[Because of that, we were ordered to request you to come to the capital with us as your acquaintances . Acting like guards while at it, we will move to the capital . It’s basically killing two birds with one stone . Well~ I’m glad we arrived at Bailey before Takumi-san departed]

[……]

I don’t already know what’s what……

Erm…… I have no obligation to come to the capital but this already has a feeling of being half obligation, doesn’t it?

Well, I intended to visit the capital eventually, so I don’t mind going . I don’t mind but…… I will be meeting the King, huh .

Hmm, meeting the King and confirming his character wouldn’t be that bad? Somehow, I feel that way would be better for the future .

[Allen, Elena . We will have to go to a different town but…… do you mind?]

[[Nniyu? Together with Onii~ chan~?]]

[We will go together~]

[Then, Allen will go too~]

[Elena will go too~]

Both Allen and Elena consented on going to the capital .

[When are we departing?]

[Are you okay with it?]

[Yeah, I had plans to go to the capital . If you tell me “we are departing tomorrow” that would be impossible though]

[We have just arrived and we need to rest so you don’t have to worry about that]

The departure appears not be fixed yet but we will be soon leaving for the capital .

[By the way, can you ride a horse, Takumi-san?]

[Ah~…… I’m sorry, I can’t]

Ah, right . Going together with Wald-sama and Isaac-san means that we can’t move on Joule and others……

What to do~ I could ride on Joule or Feat without problems but as expected, I don’t know how to manipulate horse with reins . Should I expose the existence of Joule and others……

Perhaps they have already heard about Joule from Cedric-san but…… Cedric-san should be recognizing Joule and Feat as Fenrir and Celestial Tiger children . He most likely didn’t consider moving while on their backs .

[What? Takumi, you can’t ride a horse? Should I teach you then?]

While being troubled, Wald-sama made such proposal .

Ah, I see . There was also the horseback riding practice hand . It will be impossible to ride fast but I will be able to normally manage if I obtain the【Horseback Riding】skill . The current me might be able to do it before long .

[Wald-sama, may I ask you to instruct me on horseback riding?]

[Oh, sure . Leave it to me]

Even if I can’t obtain the skill, it would be good to get some horseback riding experience .

There might be more cases where I won’t be able to call Joule and others after all .

[I don’t know whether I will be able to manage in time so I’m unable to decide on the means of travel at the moment but……]

[Yeah, that’s fine . We have not decided on the departure yet, if there will be a need for a carriage, we can just use our family’s one]

Even if I become able to ride a horse, there’s still a problem of whether I will be able to ride together with Allen and Elena . As I thought, would it be impossible to ride with both?

If that were the case, should I ask Wald-sama and Isaac-san to whom they have attached themselves to an extent?

Well, it won’t be late to ask once I become able to do it . First of all, let’s practice so I can ride .




Chapter 87

[Uncle~ I’m entering~?]

After making a determination to go to the capital and just deciding on the horseback riding practice, Theodore-kun and Latis-kun entered the room .

[Takumi-san, Allen-kun, Elena-chan, welcome back~]

[Welcome back~]

[Theodore-kun, Latis-kun, we are back]

[[Are back~]]

The two who entered the room saw us and rushed over .

[How was the dungeon?]

[Please let us hear about it!]

And they about the stories from the dungeon .

[When we have the time, okay? Rather than that, didn’t you have a business with Isaac-san?]

[That’s not it . We heard Takumi-san and the children are here so]

It appears that Theodore-kun and Latis-kun didn’t enter the room because they have business with Isaac-san, but because they were looking for us .

[Nevertheless, you understood well that we were here]

[We asked the servants to inform us immediately after Takumi-san’s return!]

Ou…… these children, they are doing the same thing as Cedric-san……

Cedric-san is on a town scale while the children are on the mansion scale . There’s no doubt they are the little versions of their father . As expected of parents-children connected by blood .

[Oh my, oh my, you are parent and children, aren’t you? These children are doing the same thing Elder brother does, don’t they?]

It seems Isaac-san knows Cedric-san’s ways . He’s looking at his nephews exhaustedly . But, I feel the same ideology from Isaac-san though……

[…… Isaac, you do it too though]

While thinking such, Wald-sama weakly muttered to himself . As I thought, Isaac-san is doing the same .

[Theodore, Latis too, isn’t it currently your study time?]

[I have just finished!]

[Me too]

I see . Because they studies finished, they came to ask about the stories from the dungeon . The two said that they love adventure stories . I don’t mind talking about it, but rather than that--

[Then, we got something amusing in the dungeon, want to play with that?]

[Really!]

[Yay~]

[Somewhere more spacious would be better but……]

[Let’s go to the practice field! Takumi-san, quickly, quickly!]

[Allen-kun, Elena-chan too, quickly!]

[Oh! Don’t rush so much……]

Urged on by Theodore-kun and Latis-kun, we arrived at the practice field .

There were several knights on the practice field, so when they moved to aside not to get in the way, I took out the soapy bubbles we obtained from Bubble Archelon .

[Wow! What is that!]

[So soft~]

The soapy bubbles remain for a while than naturally break in case the Bubble Archelon escapes . Also, in case the Bubble Archelon is defeated, the soapy bubbles will disappear the moment it’s defeated .

But however, the soapy bubbles stored in my《Infinite Storage》remained even after the Bubble Archelons were defeated .

Moreover, they won’t break no matter what . It didn’t burst even when I tried stabbing a knife into it .

Therefore, it became a firm but soft, light rubber balloon .

[Try lightly hitting it with your hand while facing us]

[Like this? --There!]

When Theodore-kun slaps the balloon--poyon, the balloon floated and flew towards us .

[Allen . Hit it towards Latis-kun just as it is . Lightly, okay?]

[Yes~]

When Allen hit the floating balloon, it flew towards Latis-kun this time .

[Latis-kun, hit it towards Elena next]

[Yes! --There!]

[Nice! Elena, towards Theodore-kun next, okay?]

[Yess]

Understanding the way to play, the children hit the balloon one after another .

[They are playing with something amusing~ Takumi, what’s that?]

Wald-sama who tagged along with us to the practice field showed interest in the Bubble Archelon’s soapy bubble the children were playing with . This world has many plants, monsters, and mysterious materials, but something like a rubber hasn’t spread around, so they must find it curious .

[That’s the foam? that Bubble Archelen releases, isn’t it?]

[Haa!? Wait a moment! That foam which bursts on touch? Why is it staying in shape!]

[Well~ it was in the way when we were defeating it, so I tried to store it in my《Infinite Storage》, but it stayed in the《Infinite Storage》even after defeating it and turned out like that when I took it out~ it didn’t break even after trying to pierce it with sharp tools, so I thought there wouldn’t be a problem to play with it]

[That means that you have defeated a Bubble Archelon, doesn’t it? They normally escape!]

[…… That’s a Takumi-san like method of defeating it, isn’t it?]

When I convey how we defeated the Bubble Archelon, Wald-sama and Isaac-san looked at me tiredly .

No I mean, if I am to tidy up the soapy bubbles that cover my field of vision, storing them into the《Infinite Storage》would be fastest~

[Takumi, if you still have some, lend me one]

[Ah, yes]

When I retrieved one soapy bubble and handed it over to Wald-sama, both Wald-sama and Isaac-san started to touch it and inspecting it .

[…… It really won’t break]

When Wald-sama grabbed the soapy bubble in both of his hands and put strength into it, it only changed shape but didn’t break .

[To only deform after Captain grabbed it with all of his strength…… it’s quite durable, isn’t it? It looks like a usable material . Researchers would be charmed]

[Right . Oy, Takumi . Do you have a lot?]

[Well, I have a reasonable amount . Do you know the approximate amount of soapy bubbles Bubble Archleon releases when being confronted? Not in the accurate meaning but an estimation]

[Yeah]

[if you multiply it by ten-odd times, can you understand the quantity?]

[…… Yeah . I understand that you have quite a lot]

Precisely . I have quite a lot soapy bubbles in the《Infinite Storage》 .

When encountering Bubble Archelon, it will release these bubbles without a doubt . And I collected them every time, didn’t I~

[Takumi-san, could you possibly sell us some?]

[I will give them to you?]

[That’s no good . Because it’s for research purposes . If we don’t properly pay here, it would become troublesome if we find a useful utility . I don’t think that would happen with Takumi-san as partner, but it’s not good to break the premise]

I see . If the material’s owner isn’t properly confirmed, once a use for it is found, a dispute over the profits would occur .

I think it would change ownership to whomever I “gave” it to, but there would be people who would argue, wouldn’t there~

[If that’s the case, I understand . Shall I leave the decision about its value to you?]

[Thank you very much . For the time being, I would be happy if you could give me couple now and a few once we are in the capital]

[I have quite a lot, so there’s no problem--oops]

While talking with Isaac-san about the soapy bubbles, I felt a light impact from behind .

[N? Allen and Elena? What’s the matter?]

[Together]

[Let’s play~]

[Takumi-san, this is amusing . Uncle~ How about Uncle too?]

[Wald-sama, let’s have a contest!]

The four children who were playing by themselves came to invite us . Latis-kun challenged Wald-sama to a match .

[What to do?]

I said while glancing at Wald-sama and Isaac-san .

[Alright! Pipsqueaks, I will keep you company!]

[That’s right . One should occasionally keep the children company]

Eventually, it turned out to four children VS Wald-sama and Wald-sama played with the children until the day got dark .




Chapter 88

We were joined by Wald-sama and Isaac-san on that day’s dinner, it was very lively .

For dinner, we had scallops that had the appearances of razor clam and turban shell called Yard shellfish with butter and soy sauce, fish meuniére seasoned with curry spice and vegetable sticks with mayonnaise .

The chef of the Risner House Ryan-san repeated trial and error until he gradually started increasing the size of the menu .

Wald-sama and Isaac-san who have never seen such dishes were surprised .

I thought Cedric-san would let them know in a letter, but it appears he bragged only until the jelly . The reason for that was a letter about the newly discovered dungeon, Wald-sama and Isaac-san have been then contacted by the capital, leading them to quickly depart from Shirin .

And, they have arrived in Bailey just today .

So that means, as I thought, Cedric-san knew that Wald-sama and Isaac-san were coming here .

[So good~]

[It’s very delicious]

The two were very satisfied with the new dishes .

And, after that, only the adults were left behind for a few drinks .

[Ou, are the pipsqueaks alright~,]

[Well, somehow…… they were a bit grumpy though]

Adults only, meaning that Allen and Elena aren’t here . I somehow persuaded them and put them to sleep in the room we are borrowing .

Just in case, I summoned Joule and others and had them sleep together with Allen and Elena .

[They basically cling to you after all~]

[It can’t be helped considering the environment and circumstances they were brought up in though . But, they became able to be separated from you in a little period of time like this, so I’m certainly seeing that they are growing up little by little]

It’s as Isaac-san said, although it’s little by little, I think that Allen and Elena are properly growing up .

The two should have been in a terrible environment . Despite that, those children are growing pure and obedient . That is very joyous .

[The environment they were brought up in, is it?]

Ah, I haven’t told Allen’s and Elena’s past to Cedric-san yet .

[Allen and Elena were orphans and they have been in a rather bad environment]

[Was that so…… Then, they are not related by blood with Takumi-san……]

Cedric-san was surprised from the bottom of his heart, that’s what I felt .

Does it mean he saw us as a genuine family? That is wonderful!

[Takumi and the twins are so like family that blood relations are irrelevant after all!]

Then, Wald-sama affirmed just what I was thinking about .

[Wald-sama, thank you very much . I’m very happy hearing you say that]

[I see, I see! Here, Takumi . You usually don’t drink much, right? Drink and drink today!]

[That’s true . Ah, right . Won’t you try drinking this?]

I took out several bottles of the brandy I drew in the dungeon .

On the way back, I saw stylish bottles in a store we happened to pass, so I bought them and transferred the brandy from the cask into them .

[N? What’s that?]

[Takumi-san, this is?]

[It’s alcohol . I think it probably is a rare one but]

[What!? A rare alcohol! Let’s drink it at once]

When I conveyed that it’s a rare alcohol, Wald-sama rejoiced and immediately picked up the bottle and poured the brandy into glasses .

[What a beautiful color . It’s similar to the ale but…… it’s something different, isn’t it? The fragrance is different]

[That’s right . I haven’t smelled such fragrance before]

[This is an alcohol called brandy]

[I have never heard of it]

[Yeah]

Judging by the reaction, as I thought, brandy is not an alcohol that appears on the market .

[So good]

[This is quite strong alcohol, isn’t it?]

[Indeed]

The four of us promptly drank the brandy, but drinking it straight is indeed intense . I wish I had prepared ice~

However, it seems it suited their tastes, so the reaction was quite favorable .

[This alcohol might be too strong to drink as is . This is an alcohol that drinks little by little after diluting it with water or putting in ice]

[I think it’s fine as it is, but such way of drinking also doesn’t sound bad]

[I see, cooling it with ice would change the taste]

[That’s so, isn’t it? I will prepare the ice]

Oh, ice can be easily prepared, I see~ Although there seem to be refrigerator and freezer magic tools, they should cost quite a large sum . Well, this is the mansion of the feudal lord after all . They surely have it .

Or are there cold rooms or something? That, or people who can make it with ice magic?

Let’s have Joule make ice water and store it in the《Infinite Storage》…… N? No, freezing the water with life magic’s《Freeze》should be good enough?

Speaking of ice, I would like to make shaved ice or ice cream . It’s still warm so it should be fine as the children’s snack . Ah~ but I have no tool for shaving ice . It seems that patience would be needed if shaving with a knife .

Ice cream should be alright? Ice cream can be made by mixing egg yolks with sugar and cream and thoroughly stirring while freezing .

Pudding should be fine too since it has similar ingredients? Steaming time, the amount of milk and the firmness would need adjustments, but I should be able to do it with a few trial and errors .

[Takumi, where does this alcohol come from?]

While thinking about making new snacks, Wald-sama asked about the alcohol’s producing area? No, a store I bought it from?

[N? Ah, this is something that springs out in the Dungeon of Ripples]

When I honestly answered thinking that there’s no need to hide it--

[[[Haa?]]]

The surprised voices of the three people overlapped .

[Incidentally, it’s on the twenty-eight floor]

[[[Haaa!?]]]

Their voices overlapped again . The three are perfectly in sync, aren’t they~

[Wait a moment! Twenty-eight floor, you say? I’m certain I heard that this dungeon has thirty floors but, perhaps……]

[N? If it’s about the capture then we already finished? The boss was a Little Kraken]

[[[Haaaaa!?]]]

Un, they really are on the same wavelength .

[Oyoyoy! Are you saying you have captured the newly discovered dungeon in such a short term! Moreover, a Little Kraken? Are you saying you defeated that!?]

[Well, yeah]

Wald-sama looked at me with tired eyes .

[Haa……]

[Takumi-san……]

Isaac-san and Cedric-san sighed deeply .

I wonder what is it, this reaction…… isn’t it too cruel?

[By the way, Takumi-san . Do you still have some of this alcohol?]

[N? Ah, yes . I have drawn as much as I could, so I do have reasonable amount?]

[Then, how about offering it to His Majesty when you go to the capital?]

[Eh!? An offering, is it? This alcohol?]

[Yes, I think it’s satisfactory article . It’s a taste we haven’t experienced before . I will prepare a worthy bottle]

Huh? Did Cedric-san tell me to present it just now?

Come to think of it, he sent a letter about the dungeon discovery before, but I feel like I heard that the feudal lord which is Cedric-san has to report to the capital personally…… is he not going?

[Didn’t Cedric-san have plans to go to the capital as well?]

[Yes, it was decided that Isaac will attend the audience as my proxy]

[I’m also Risner after all]

[Because you will have the audience together, it would be better for Takumi-san to present the offering]

Ah, so it has been arranged like that~ Indeed, if Isaac-san is going to the capital for an audience, there’s no need for Cedric-san to expressly go too~

[Isn’t it fine to leave it for later . Let’s drink now~]

[Seriously, Captain is……]

[Well, Isaac . It’s as Ruven-dono said, it’s not something to talk about while drinking, let’s talk about this at a later]

[…… You are right]

[Hahaha~]

We decided to enjoy the alcohol for now because of Wald-sama’s complaint and decided to make the arrangements another day .




Chapter 89

[Good morning]

[Ou, morning, Takumi . You don’t seem to be hungover]

[Yes, I’m fine]

I drank quite a lot last night, but I didn’t become hungover . The alcohol was considerably strong though . Whether it’s thanks to the body Syl made or the【Abnormal Status Resistance】skill, that I don’t know……

Well, at any rate, I won’t be showing a disgraceful behavior anymore after drinking, so if you ask if I feel relieved, then yes .

[Wald-sama seems to be fine as well . Even though you drank so much……]

[I could easily do double of that]

Wald-sama drank so much alcohol I couldn’t even compare myself to him . And yet, he’s without any signs of a hangover .

[Good morning]

[Good morning . Takumi-san, Captain is a bottomless drinker, so it’s not necessary to worry about him]

I see . Wald-sama is “someone who can drink like a fish” huh……

While not to the extent of Wald-sama, Cedric-san and Isaac-san should have drunk quite a lot too . And yet it seems that they don’t have any problems . These two must be rather strong with alcohol too .

No, the current me is not an exception . Far from being able to drink like a fish, I “might” be a fish .

[Here, you two sit down on a chair]

[[Muu~]]

On the other hand, Allen and Elena whom I have separated for the night have been clinging to me from the moment they opened their eyes . And presently, they are glued to my legs . Solidly at that .

I might have separated from them after putting them to sleep, but I have returned while they were sleeping though~ It seems even that was no good .

[Oh? From the looks of it, they must have been quite lonely last night]

[Looks like it . Allen-kun, Elena-san . We have prepared French toasts, so cheer up please]

[N? Furench toasts?]

As if Isaac-san has been expecting this situation, he was somewhat able to loosen the children’s expressions .

It appears he discussed this smart move with Cedric-san and had the two’s favorite French toasts prepared for the breakfast .

Rather, Isaac-san seems to be showing a greater interest in the French toasts than the children though……

After Allen and Elena ate the French toasts which were matched with fruit jelly, their moods somewhat returned to normal .

Taking such two with me, I went with Wald-sama and Isaac-san to the practice field .

I was asked about today’s plans during the breakfast, but when I replied with “nothing in particular,” we have decided to practice the horseback riding at once .

When we arrived at the practice field, I decided to summon Joule and others for the future’s sake and introduce them to Wald-sama and Isaac-san . Of course, everyone except Bolt were in their small forms .

[Oh, those are Takumi’s contracted beasts?]

They immediately caught Wald-sama’s interest .

[Joule and Bolt!]

[Kyan]

[Pii]

Allen introduced Joule and Bolt,

[Feat and Vector~]

[Naa~]

[Garu]

while Elena introduced Feat and Vector to Wald-sama and Isaac-san .

The introduced contracted beasts cheerfully replied in turns .

[If I’m not mistaken, they are Fenrir, Celestial Tiger, Scarlett King Leo, and Thunderhawk, right…… They might not be adults yet, but to gather so much monsters of such ranks……]

[O, ou…… they seem extremely smart and considerably obedient too . It’s my first time seeing contracted beasts, but are all contracted beasts like that?]

[By no means . Even though they are contracted, they are still monsters, so they will threaten anyone who approaches them with the exception of their contractor . Otherwise, they will show no interest and stay indifferent . Showing such friendly attitude like this should be quite unusual]

[Our children are very smart, so I don’t think they would threaten people we introduce them to . Well, playing pranks is a different thing though]

If unknown people approached our children without permission, I do think that they would threaten them .

Besides, they would play pranks on them and I can’t deny the possibility of counterattacking a threat .

《Everyone, the red-haired man is Wald-sama and the silver-haired man is Isaac-san . They will be moving with us from now on, so be sure to remember them》

《Un, got it~》

《Yes~ Niisama, Bolt and Vector are saying they[Understood~]too》

When I tell everyone to remember Wald-sama and Isaac-san via telepathy, Joule and Feat who are able to use telepathy replied . Feat even conveyed Bolt’s and Vector’s words .

[If the other party does something first, it will be taken as a legitimate self-defense and there won’t be a need for Takumi-san to bear any responsibility, but in cases like these, I request you not to kill the other party]

[I understand . Everyone does too, right?]

[Kyan]

[Nnaa~]

[Pii]

[Garu]

I think it will be all right as I have told them to act without killing during the bandit subjugation, but when I reminded them just in case, all four animals replied in acknowledgment .

[…… They really understand what we are saying, don’t they?]

[Yeah, they properly understand]

Isaac-san started seriously examining Joule and others .

[Uoh!]

At that time, Vector started playfully coiling between Wald-sama’s feet .

Surprised by Vector’s actions, Wald-sama raised his voice .

[Hey, Vector . Come back and be obedient, alright?]

[Garu~]

[Uoh~ that startled me~]

[Sorry about that]

[No, I don’t mind . Rather than that, Takumi . We should begin soon]

When Vector separated from Wald-sama’s feet, Wald-sama called for a stable boy? that was holding the reins of a Dapple-gray horse, and he received the reins from him .

[We will use this horse for practice]

[She’s a mare, isn’t she? Wald-sama, what is her name?]

[She seems to be called Caterina . She is apparently this mansion’s most docile horse]

I made eye contact with Caterina and stared . Then, Caterina lightly lowered her head .

Because I somewhat felt like Caterina was telling me “pet me,” I approached her and when I tried to gently pet her forehead, Caterina let herself be petted without disliking it, so I apparently met her demand .

[I heard that she’s a docile horse, but to let her guard down this quickly…… if it’s like this, you might manage to get on her quickly too]

[Really? That would be nice]

Wald-sama presented me the reins, so I received them and moved to Caterina’s side .

[Fufu . Does it feel good?]

Caterina was a really friendly horse as she told me who moved to her side to pet her neck some more .

[Alright! Then, Takumi, try getting on]

[……]

No, try getting on, you say…… I don’t know the way of getting on though……

[Captain…… you would normally explain the way of getting on here]

It seems that Isaac-san who was observing Joule and others heard Wald-sama’s words, so he interrupted while looking at Wald-sama exhaustedly .

I know, right? There’s no way the explanation would end with “then, try getting on” right?

[Ohh, that’s right . Well, that . Put one of your legs in the stirrup and get on with a heave-ho feeling!]

[[……]]

Ehh? Is that all? Is the explanation over? Wouldn’t it be impossible to get on with just that? It’s not that my comprehension is insufficient, right?

When I turned towards Isaac-san intending to confirm, Isaac-san placed his hand on his forehead as if his head was hurting and hung his head . Wald-sama’s explanation was completely no good, wasn’t it?

Yeah, asking Wald-sama to teach me might have been a failure in itself .

[Takumi-san, I will be guiding you from here on out]

[Isaac-san, please]

Isaac-san who recovered told me he will be instructing me now, so I gratefully accepted .

[What!? Why!?]

[Everyone, Wald-sama said he will play with you, so be sure to keep him company with all you’ve got, okay~]

[[Yes~]]

[Kyan]

[Nnaa]

[Pii]

[Garun♪]

After that, we ignored Wald-sama who was shouting in protest and the children who were slightly further away started charging at Wald-sama as soon as they were told .

[Uwaa! Wa, wait a moment~!]

The children would be bored just by watching my horseback riding practice after all . They would have fun if Wald-sama played with them .

[Like this, the children won’t be bored . We will get in the way of the children’s playing here, shall we move away a bit?]

[Let’s do that]

Isaac-san nodded to my good judgment too, so we moved out of the way a little after urging Caterina .

After that, I have received Isaac-san’s guidance and his coaching was very easy to understand . How to mount a horse, where to hold the saddle, to be cautious not to pull on the reins, he gave me precise instructions . Thanks to that, I was able to safely obtain【Horseback Riding】skill .

Next, I tried riding while placing the children in front of me and we were able to safely ride together if it’s only one of them . If I practice several times more, I will be able to receive an authorization to move on the horse all the way to the capital .

That being the case, we have decided to move to the capital not on the carriage but on horseback instead, but as I thought, letting both Allen and Elena on would be impossible . I have to think measures for that, but…… would it be all right if it’s Isaac-san~?

Well, let’s think about it carefully .




Chapter 90

The horseback riding practice was over by this morning . Isaac-san told me that it would be better to train some ten-odd minutes every day rather than trying to learn all at once .

Come to think of it, I think I heard that inner thighs and butt hurt while horseback riding, but I didn’t have such problem…… . Was it perhaps thanks to the【Physical Attack Resistance】? Although it’s not an attack, there’s no doubt that the grazing is caused by a physical thing, right?

Well, at any rate, I’m glad it saved me from any physical abnormality .

In the afternoon, I went to get the furniture I ordered .

A table and chairs big enough to use as a kitchen table for meals, a stool for Allen and Elena, beds, etc . I have ordered everything essential that came to mind and all of that is completed, so I came to get it and pay .

After that, I went to the Fiji Company . When I entered inside, the branch manager immediately rushed out from inside .

[If this isn’t Takumi-sama . Welcome, welcome]

I saw one shop assistant run in panic deeper inside the store when we entered, he must have gone to inform branch manager .

[Hello . For Branch Manager-san to come out expressly for me, thank you very much]

[No, no, Takumi-sama is this store’s important customer . It’s my privilege to keep you company . So, what kind of business do you have with us today? Did you perhaps encounter inconvenience because of that spice matter?]

[No, I left the decisions about the spice matter to Cedric-san, so I have no problems…… I was thinking if it were possible for me to see the goods in the warehouse today again . Sorry for the sudden request]

The reason I came here is because I heard that Kahee beans are imported from Serdik and other countries, so I thought of getting as much as I can .

When I came to this company the last time, we realized that the ship I recovered from the mermaid village was Fiji Company’s, so because of that, I saw only one part of the warehouse .

[Ohh! If that’s the case, I don’t mind at all]

I’m glad . Last time, we were shown to the warehouse because we came with Cedric-san and others . I thought there would be a possibility of being rejected if it’s just us, but it seems he will guide us inside .

[Takumi-sama, do you perhaps have an interest in imported goods like the Kahee beans?]

[Yeah, that’s exactly it . Could you let me see if you have such articles?]

[If that’s the case, I will present you the goods centering around such articles . Also, let’s see…… How about a few dungeon items that don’t usually appear on the market?]

It appears the branch manager properly understands what I desire .

However, there’s something else I want to see in this store .

[Also, I’m sorry for the way I put it, but I would like you to show me things that aren’t demanded that much]

[Things that aren’t demanded, is it?]

Branch Manager-san was making a wondering expression . In addition to ‘What is he planning to do with that?’ However--

[Yes, something like the soy sauce from before]

Now, the customers wanting to purchase soy sauce increased, but it should have been completely unpopular product before . Even if they are unpopular in this world, there might be products that I would want .

[Ohh! Which reminds me, it was Takumi-sama who identified the way of using soy sauce! I see, I see . I understand . I, Kashim, will take the responsibility of showing you the goods!]

The branch manager--Kashim-san must have determined that I was the source of the butter and soy sauce scallops and the soy sauce boom .

Moreover, from his expression, he seems determined and full of expectations of discovering an unpopular product .

[This way first, please]

Without a delay, Kashim-san guided us to the warehouse and immediately presented the goods .

The first thing he showed me was a fruit from Serdik called[Nana fruit] . They were several of lightly curved, long and narrow fruits .

As a matter of fact, Nanas are harvested when they are yellow and unripe, the skin turning red is an indication, and the white insides are eaten .

Most of the fruits here were orange and not ripe yet, but Kashim-san peeled a completely ripe and red one, and let us sample it .

[This is……]

[[Delish~]]

The skin and color are different, but the shape and taste is the same taste of bananas that I know .

Moreover, it was without any grassiness with a considerable sugary content, it was good .

[It’s sweet and easy to eat so it’s reasonably popular, but it’s quite difficult to handle . Even though we are careful, we often mistake the ripe period……]

Kashim-san’s explanation included characteristics that were in the bananas I know as well .

Allen and Elena seem to like Nana fruit too, so I would definitely like to buy them .

[Kashim-san, the Nanas you have here are actually still not completely ripe, but do you still have ripe ones like the one we had just now?]

[Y, yes…… ripe ones are stored in a different storage area, so we have them?]

I see, they have them in a different place . In that case--

[If possible, could you sell me all the ripe ones you have?]

[Takumi-sama, even those here will get spoiled in seven-eight days . The completely ripe ones won’t last longer than two or three days . I’m really happy that you want to purchase them but I can’t recommend buying them in such large quant……--!!]

Kashim-san suddenly stopped talking and fixedly stared at my face .

[--《Infinite Storage》!]

Kashim-san is aware that I’m able to use the《Infinite Storage》, so even if I purchase the completely ripe Nana fruits, I won’t have to worry about them rotting once I put them inside the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Yes . Therefore, If I had to choose, I think the completely ripe ones would be better]

[Did you say all of them?]

Kashim-san looked at me with expectations .

[I would be troubled if rotting ones were among them though]

[Of course, I have no intentions of handing such things over to Takumi-san…… I have no intention, but are you buying if they are precisely good for eating?]

[Yes]

[P, please! Of course, I will sell it cheaply!]

Oh, it seems he will sell it cheaply .

Well, if he didn’t sell it now, the people here would have to eat it themselves or they would have to dispose of it . If you are going to sell that, might as well reduce the price .

After that, he showed me[Koko Fruit]which was a light brown, hard fruit the size of a soccer ball .

There is apparently a whitish liquid similar to a milk inside . Therefore, I judged that that’s a coconut and the liquid inside is coconut milk .

But, from my memory, the liquid in the palm fruit is transparent--coconut juice and coconut milk is the result of manufacturing, but…… well, let’s agree that the thing itself is here .

The children seemed to like the Koko fruit, so I bought some .

I have also bought several dungeon-made products, it was quite a harvest .

[Come to think of it, are you registered in the Merchant’s Guild, Takumi-sama?]

[No, I’m not]

[Is that so? Then, may I ask you to register before long? It will still take some time until the curry spices will start selling, but we are going to pay Takumi-sama as soon as they sell]

That reminds me, Cedric-san told me to register in the Merchant’s Guild as well .

Once registered, you can receive money in every region of the country through the Merchant’s Guild . It’s like the bank thing in the Adventurer’s Guild .

In my case, the Merchant registration will be added to the Adventurer registration, and the accounts can be apparently merged .

[I understand . I will go and register after this]

[Thank you]

Just a registration will finish immediately, so let’s go and register before returning~




Chapter 91

When we returned to the Risner mansion after safely registering at the Merchant’s Guild, I went to the kitchen .

Although I provided him with alligator meat as a souvenir…… head chef Ryan-san requested to show him the cooking method as well .

Even though the reason was that Ryan-san has never prepared alligator meat before, I have also used it only two times in the dungeon, so there’s not much difference .

If I’m pushed to say, then he is much more interested in what dish I’m going to make rather than the alligator meat itself . He’s aspiring to become my apprentice after all .

Well, just pushing the ingredients on him “Here, goodbye” would be bad, so I agreed to make shares only for the Risner House’s family, Wald-sama and us including Ryan-san .

[Then Takumi-dono, if I may ask you]

[…… Yeah]

[[……]]

I decided to promptly start making the dish in the kitchen I have already used a few times .

[Allen, Elena . Shall we make it then?]

[[Make it~]]

[What is~?]

[First~?]

Allen and Elena were on my side standing on the stool we got just today, so they were full of enthusiasm to help .

It’s just there’s Ryan-san and another cook Thor-san peeking from behind them, so I’m a bit worried about that . Well, normal people would be bothered by someone standing behind them, so Allen and Elena who are sensitive to presences will be bothered by it even more .

But, it seems they understand that they mean no harm, so they are concentrating on helping me out .

Now then, what shall we make? N~ how about curry using the alligator meat? Wald-sama and Isaac-san haven’t eaten curry yet .

Ah~ but, the feeling of the alligator meat being the main point will disappear……

Let’s see~…… ah! Let’s smear the alligator meat in powder and drizzle it with a sweet vinegar sauce . Next, let’s mix mayonnaise with chopped boiled eggs and pickles to make tartar sauce, fried chicken with vinegar and tartar sauce-like style .

[Alright . We should make the tartar sauce first]

[[Tarutaru~?]]

[Ta, Takumi-sama, w, what kind of dish is that!?]

Ryan-san is more restless than the children……

[It’s a sauce . Allen, Elena, let’s make mayonnaise~]

[Allen will mix~]

[Elena will mix too~]

Recently, I’ve had the two children who got used to mixing with the whisk help me with making mayonnaise .

[Takumi-sama, is that Mizuuri?]

[Yes, I have pickled the Mizuuri]

[Mizuuri]is a vegetable resembling a cucumber . I have rubbed salt it in to take out the liquid and then left it immersed in vinegar and sugar mix .

[[Mi~x~, mi~x~]]

I chop the ingredients while pouring oil little by little in the bowl Allen and Elena are mixing in .

Boiled eggs and pickled Mizuuri, next is…… green onion and parsley?

[Onii~ chan]

[It’s done~]

[Un, good job!]

[[Yay~]]

Allen and Elena completed the mayonnaise without a hitch .

Inserting the chopped ingredients in the two’s piece of art mayonnaise, mixing it all together and the tartar sauce is finished!

[Alright, it’s done!]

[[Ohh~]]

[I see, adding ingredients to mayonnaise……]

Ryan-san was muttering behind us, but I ignored that and temporarily stored the tartar sauce in the《Infinite Storage》 .

Since we have the opportunity, how about making a dessert next? …… What to make? I might as well make something I haven’t made before, right~

Ice cream! Ah~ but, it seems it would cause a ruckus if I made an ice cream now…… let’s pass .

Ah, I thought of making small pancakes and putting anko between them to make dorayaki before, didn’t I? If it’s coarse anko, then it would be popular among the people of the Risner mansion .

Ah~ if it’s wagashi then youkan would be good too . That would be more dessert-like, right?

But, agar is necessary for youkan…… however, how do you make agar from seaweed? That would be impossible as expected . I should make it with slime jelly here . Rather than youkan, would it turn into mizu youkan? No, red bean jelly?

I have plenty time to spare, so let’s make dessert-like red bean jelly and dorayaki for snacks .

[[Next~?]]

[Let’s make snacks next . Allen, Elena, do you remember how to make pancakes?]

[[Remember~]]

[Alright! Then, can you do your best at mixing again?]

[[Will do~]]

That being the case, we promptly started making pancakes .

Allen and Elena perfectly remembered how pancakes are made, so there were no problems with the dough making . And then--

[[Jii~]]

When I heated up the frying pan and started cooking the pancake dough, Allen and Elena were closely gazing at the frying pan .

[It’s bubblybubbly~]

[Turn it around~]

[…… Kuku]

Allen and Elena properly memorized the timing for turn over .

When I turn it over according to the children, a beautiful, fox color appeared . It’s the color of a good cooking .

When I cooked pancakes before, they tried to pop the bubbles that appeared on the dough with their fingers, but they are properly enduring with their hands behind their backs this time .

[Look, it’s cooked~]

[[It’s done, it’s done~]]

[Not yet~]

[[Not yet~?]]

[That’s right . Next, we will put this bean jam between two pancakes]

By putting pre-made coarse anko between two sheets of pancake, the dorayaki is finished .

[It’s done this time]

[[Yay~]]

[Ta, Takumi-sama, this is, this is?]

[It’s called dorayaki]

[[Can eat~?]]

[M, may I try it as well?]

[I, I want to eat it too]

Following the children, Ryan-san and Thor-san asked for the snack .

[…… Can’t be helped~ It’s before dinner, so Allen and Elena can have only half each, okay?]

[[Un!]]

[[Thank you very much!]]

I made adzuki jelly while the others eat the snack and finally started cooking the alligator meat .

And, at the dinner--

[This is so tasty . The hell is this!]

[This is wonderful!]

[The meat itself is juicy, but the affinity of the mayonnaise mixed with the faintly sour sauce is……--]

Wald-sama, Isaac-san, and Cedric-san reported their impressions in turns .

It seems they like it . Rather, Cedric-san is commenting as food critic as usual .

[[It’s delish~]]

[Anything Takumi-san makes is delicious, isn’t it?]

[Yes, it’s very tasty]

The children seem to like it too . But--

[…… Chichiue is different from usual again~]

[Chichiue is recently like this quite a lot, isn’t he~]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun were wryly smiling at their father’s transformation .




Chapter 92


Thinking of visiting the Mermaid Village--the Blue Waters Shrine before departing from Bailey in order to say farewell to Miko Himesama, I brought the kids to the sea . I made a promise to[Come play again]to Miko Himesama and I also thought of asking her to lend me a few more mermaid bracelets .

[Takumi-sama~! You came as promised~]

The fascinating intrusion checking barrier was spreading before us, but because I made sure it didn’t react to us, we went directly to the Blue Waters Shrine . Then, Miko Himesama, Mirena-san, and Gard-san immediately welcomed us .

[Hello, it’s been a while . Hey, Allen, Elena say hello]

[[Hello~]]

[Oh my, oh my, hello . Allen-sama and Elena-sama seem to be doing well]

[[Doing well~]]

It was only our second time meeting Miko Himesama and others, but Allen and Elena cheerfully greeted them .

Were they affected a bit by Theodore-kun and Latis-kun and got accustomed to people a bit more?

[Today, rather then coming to play, we came to say goodbye and…… to request something]

[Goodbye? A request, is it?]

[Yeah . We will be leaving the nearest town from here soon]

[Ehh!? W, why~!?]

When I reported that we will be leaving Bailey, Miko Himesama lost her composure and raised a surprised voice .

[Miko Himesama, your mask came off . Please, calm down]

[!! Wau~]

When Mirena-san soothed Miko Himesama, she tried to mend her manners in panic .

[I, I’m sorry, Takumi-sama]

[No, no, I’m sorry for surprising you]

[I just lost my composure, so don’t worry about it please . So, where is Takumi-sama heading to?]

[The capital of the country we are currently at]

[Is that so…… then, we won’t be able to meet again quite readily……]

Miko Himesama was clearly feeling dejected .

[Miko Himesama, if you get dejected in such easy to understand manner, Takumi-sama will get worried . And so, what is your request, Takumi-sama?]

Gard-san soothed Miko Himesama this time and I stated my other business .

[…… Umm, I was wondering if you could lend me some mermaid bracelets…… of course, I will pay the price]

[Oh my? Mermaid bracelets, is it? Takumi-sama is using it, right? Eh, was there perhaps a malfunction while using it!?]

[No, everything’s all right]

When I conveyed that I would like more bracelets, Miko Himesama got flustered, thinking that my bracelet broke down, so I immediately denied .

[R, really?]

[Yes . I have several contracted beasts, so those children’s share…… I really wanted to come here together with them, but…… well, it was impossible]

[So it’s like that . In that case, we will immediately prepared them . How many do you need?]

[Is that okay? If possible, I would like at least three]

[No problem! We will prepare a few including reserves . It’s fine right, Gard?]

[Yes, if it’s mermaid bracelets then they can be immediately prepared]

I’m glad~ It seems they will give them to me .

[Thank you very much]

[[Everyone’s share?]]

[That’s right . A share for Joule and everyone . Will Allen and Elena give thanks too?]

[[Un, thank you~]]

As they were told, Allen and Elena bobbed their heads and thanked Miko Himesama and others .

[And so for the compensation, money…… won’t be necessary, right? If you have something you need, I would like to prepare it, but……]

[To receive compensation from Takumi-sama! Something like that isn’t necessary]

[However…… that won’t leave me unsatisfied . If you have materials you need, if you are troubled about something…… is there something?]

As expected, I won’t be able to calm down without paying with something of equal value rather than just receiving if for free . However, it’s not like mermaids living in the sea are using money from the surface .

Mirena-san said that she likes gems, so I was considering whether gems would be all right, but I thought it would be better to confirm what they want, so I asked but…… is there not something, I wonder……

[--Ah!]

Oh my? It appears that Miko Himesama has come up with something .

[If there’s something then tell me without hesitating]

[Umm…… err, you see…… Gard~ What’s going on with that matter~?]

[That matter, you mean the crimson luminous moss, right? Unfortunately, it hasn’t been settled yet]

[Crimson luminous moss, is it?]

[Yes, actually…… crimson luminous moss is a faintly shining moss growing in the depths of the sea, but we could hardly harvest it recently]

Miko Himesama apologetically explained the situation .

Crimson luminous moss, huh…… erm, a moss growing in the depths of the sea…… ahh, materials for medicine?

N~…… how unfortunate . I don’t have any .

[I’m sorry, I don’t have any at hand…… will I be able to get it in the town? That or I should search the bottom of the sea……]

[No! Umm! We, we know the place where it grows! That place has a considerable amount of growing moss, but a strong monster lives at that place, so……]

I see, it’s a place where moss grows en masse and a monster that the mermaids can’t deal with lives there, huh . If that’s the case, it would be faster than looking for it around the sea or in the town .

[You know something about that monster, right?]

[Yes . It’s Bone Shark]

Bone Shark--a shark of bones, huh…… it’s a B-rank monster .

It’s a sea monster, but it’s also an undead .

[Your troubles will go away if that Bone Shark is defeated, right? In that case, I will deal with it for you]

[…… Uu~ Even though we said that there’s no need for compensation, to request you with such thing……]

[That way is better for me . So, may I ask you to guide me to the Bone Shark’s place?]

[Is that really fine with you? It’s a considerably strong monster, you know?]

[Well, I will somehow manage]

I’m concerned about the underwater battle, but light magic will be effective and if something unexpected happens, it’s an opponent I will manage to deal with my own strength .

[[Will do my best~!]]

[Eh? Allen-sama and Elena-sama are going as well!?]

They must have understood monster subjugation from the flow of conversation . Allen and Elena raised their voices in high spirits and Miko Himesama got startled by that .

Well, I was certain the children would want to go with me though……

[Ah~…… Allen, Elena . Leave it to me today, okay?]

[[……]]

It’s a bit unacceptable for the children to have a higher level than me, so I would like them to let me level up here . Therefore, when I asked the two, they were troubled .

[Okay?]

[[…………Uniyu~]]

When I asked once more, the two reluctantly accepted .

[But, you are bringing them with you, right!? Isn’t it dangerous!?]

[Fufu . Allen-sama’s and Elena-sama’s swimming is so skillful that even I was startled, so they won’t become a burden . Besides, they know how to fight]

[They have a talent for magic after all . They won’t have problems defending themselves]

[Ehh!? Is that so!? Eh? It was only me who didn’t know!?]

Mirena-san who saw Allen and Elena swimming and Gard-san who instructed them in magic were watching with consent, so Miko Himesama called out in surprise again .

I wonder how many times we made her surprised in this short time~ Somehow…… I’m sorry .




Chapter 93

Mirena-san took over the role to guide me to the place where the crimson luminous moss grows .

There are three other mermen youth accompanying us . The youths are dressed as soldiers and they are apparently the strongest people in the Blue Waters Shrine . Most likely feeling bad for leaving the Bone Shark to me alone, Miko Himesama must have let them follow us as a battle force .

Well, I would be fine even if they weren’t here, but I should just think of them as Mirena-san’s guards .

[[Yaa!]]

When Sand Crabs monsters appeared along the way, Allen and Elena swam and thrust towards them with a great vigor, instantly defeating them .

[[[……]]]

The three youths were dumbfounded by Allen’s and Elena’s fighting style .

[Strong, aren’t they? But, you guys are accompanying us as a battle force, so please be careful of your surroundings so you don’t lag behind the two]

Mirena-san lit the fire of the three youths .

But, I think it would be quite difficult to act faster than Allen and Elena . There are times when my response time is slower than theirs after all……

[Takumi-sama, we are close]

[[Ah! It came~!]]

When we were about to arrive, the Bone Shark appeared from the front accompanied by loud noises .

[Mirena-san]

[Yes!]

[Is there no mistake that the crimson luminous moss place is in the direction the Bone Shark came from?]

[Yes, that’s correct!]

[Then, I will attract the Bone Shark and pull it away from this place, so Mirena-san and others take cover for a moment and go to the place once it seems all right]

Even if unlikely, I don’t want to waste the crimson luminous moss place . If I’m to fight, I would rather do it somewhere further away .

[Then, take these guys with you……]

[No, it’s better for them to stay close to Mirena-san . We can’t be sure there are no other tough monsters after all]

[Yes! But still!]

[It will be fine . --《Water Spear》]

I attacked the Bone Shark with magic in order to provoke it .

[Allen, Elena, let’s go~]

[[Yess~]]

[Ta, Takumi-sama~]

Mirena-san spoke in a voice that was about to cry, but I started swimming without minding it .

I saw the Bone Shark chasing after us while making rattling noises . The provocation went smoothly .

[--Oops]

I dodge the chasing Bone Shark who tried to ram me from behind . It’s fast as expected . I’m unlikely to win against the Bone Shark in swimming .

[《Water Wall》]

The Bone Shark turned around and charged towards us again, so I created a wall of water and blocked it from reaching us .

Now then, what to do? Come to think of it, what will happen if I use healing magic on an undead?

I’m bit curious…… let’s give it a try .

[《Heal》]

I tried using healing magic on the Bone Shark .

Then, the Bone Shark started violently struggling .

Un, it received damage . This seems to be effective . If that’s the case--

[《Overheal》]

《Overheal》is magic that recovers more than the received damage--so to speak, it’s excessive recovery magic .

When I fired that magic, a white light sprang forth with me in the center . It wasn’t an intense eye-straining light, but a warm and comfortable one . Nothing in particular happened to us, but the bones of the Bone Shark who was covered by that light broke, not able to keep the form of shark anymore .

[[Ohh~]]

[…… Huh? It worked better than I expected]

[[Onii~ chan, amazing!]]

Allen and Elena praise me without holding back .

Light magic seems to be more effective against undead more than I thought . Rather, it works too much . Despite being a B-rank monster, it has been simply disposed of .

The scattered bones of the Bone Shark slowly descent to the bottom of the sea .

[Allen, Elena . Will you help me collecting the bones?]

[[Un!]]

The bones of Bone Shark are materials for hard weapons, so I had Allen and Elena help me pick them up .

[Mirena-san]

[[We are back~]]

[Ta, Takumi-sama! Allen-sama and Elena-sama too! I’m glad you are safe! D, do you have any injuries!?]

[We are fine . Both I and the children are unhurt]

[[Is fine~]]

[I’m glad~]

Mirena-san made an expression of relief . Looks like we made her worried .

[So, the Bone Shark is……]

[It’s okay . I have defeated it]

[[Defeated it~]]

[Really!? Thank you very much!]

[Ohh~]the three mermen youths raised their voices in admiration .

But, if you look at me with such eyes of pure respect…… it’s not like I obtained the【Light Magic】on my own, so I feel extremely guilty .

[Ah~…… we have collected the materials as well, so I will hand it to you later if you need it . So, is that the crimson luminous moss sticking on that rock?]

[Yes, that’s right]

I would love to excuse myself from such atmosphere, so I decided to plainly change the subject .

The fairly large rock was sunk at the bottom of the sea and it was shining red, so I was quite curious .

[It’s pretty, isn’t it?]

[Shiny~]

[Pretty~]

Allen and Elena were entranced by the crimson luminous moss .

Ah, which reminds me, crimson luminous moss is a material I don’t have .

[Mirena-san, may I pick a little as well?]

[Of course]

When I asked whether I can collect some for myself, Mirena-san pleasantly approved, so I picked some moss, checked the surroundings for monsters one more time, and we returned to the Blue Waters Shrine .

When we returned, we were immediately guided to Miko Himesama .

[Ta, Takumi-samaa~! Welcome back~!]

[We have returned . The Bone Shark has been safely eliminated]

[Is that the truth! Thank you very much]

When I reported that the Bone Shark has been eliminated, Miko Himesama was clearly delighted .

[Takumi-sama, these are the things we promised . Please, store them]

[Eh!?]

Gard-san gave his thanks too and handed over the mermaid bracelets, but…… there were about ten . I’m certain I asked for three, but to prepare this much……

[Is this many really fine?]

[Yes, of course it is . It’s just this is all we currently have, so I would have to ask you to wait if this much is not enough]

That means these are all bracelets in their storage, right? In addition, they will make more if it’s not enough, right? It looks like they will prepare even an unreasonable number if I demand it, oy .

But, I can’t imagine underwater activity with more bracelets than this!

[N, no! This is enough . Thank you very much]

[Is that so?]

[Yes!]

Moreover, when politely declined, Gard-san looked disappointed for some reason .

Ah, even Miko Himesama and Mirena-san are making the same expression as Gard-san…… I wonder what is it that they want from me?

Well, after ignoring the three making disappointed expressions, we chatted with everyone and we decided to return to the town before it gets dark .

[Takumi-sama . You must definitely come to visit if you are nearby again, okay?]

[Yes . I won’t say it will be soon, but we will come again]

[Allen-sama, Elena-sama too, let’s meet again, okay?]

[[Un! Bye bye~]]

On the way back, I used【Telepathy】to say farewell to Kaiser too . Then, Kaiser immediately replied, he currently seems to be somewhere in the open ocean far away .

We unfortunately couldn’t meet, so when I reported through the【Telepathy】that we are leaving the town, he told me to call him immediately if something happens . With a grateful reply, we swam towards the beach .




Chapter 94

Once our preparations for travel were done, we have said farewell to everyone in the Risner House we have stayed in for such a long time . Theodore-kun and Latis-kun were looking sad, but after promising them to write letters, we have moved together with Wald-sama and Isaac-san outside the town .

Other than Wald-sama and Isaac-san, Oswald-san and Mars-kun are accompanying us to the royal capital . Oswald-san is a taciturn man in his thirties and Mars-kun is a friendly, nineteen years old youth .

These two apparently came along with Wald-sama and Isaac-san from Shirin because their duties have been transferred to the capital as well .

[Don’t approach the feet of the horses because it’s dangerous! Do you understand?]

[Kyan《Got it~》]

[Naa~《We will be fine~》]

[Pii]

[Garu]

On this travel, Joule and others are acting together with us, so I called everyone once we left the town . Of course, the three that I made everyone think they are children are in their small forms .

Then, after cautioning everyone, they all returned a proper reply . Whether it was to deceive our fellow travel companions, Joule and Feat who can use【Telepathy】let out proper animal cries .

And then, when the preparations were done and we were about to depart, a problem has occurred .

[Ride with Onii~ chan~]

[Elena too~]

[……]

Either Allen or Elena will ride the horse I ride, but…… we haven’t decided who is going to ride first .

There was no problem riding with one at a time during the practice .

I had them ride with Isaac-san for trial, but there also wasn’t a problem .

However, it was done when they were separated both times, so there was no need to split them between Isaac-san and me .

[Since you will switch midway, how about one of you rides with Isaac-san now?]

[[No~]]

[……]

Ah~ this is no good . It feels like the two’s opinion won’t bend no matter what .

…… Now then, what should I do~

[Let’s see~ Takumi-san, get on the horse first for now]

[Eh? Ah, yes]

While troubled over what to do, Isaac-san told me to mount the horse, so I got on the horse as told . Then, Isaac-san lifted up Elena and placed her on the horse in front of me .

Next, he lifted Allen and placed him behind me .

[Allen-kun, please tightly hold on Takumi-san’s neck and shoulders]

[Un!]

[Ehh!?]

Isaac-san let Allen stand on the horse’s butt, he’s holding me as if I was piggybacking him .

This is…… surely not, right~……

[…… Isaac-san, moving like this is not good, is it?]

[They will not fall if it’s Allen-kun or Elena-san . Just in case, let’s tie the child behind you to you]

Seriously!? Am I really let the horse gallop when he’s in such posture?

Hey, Isaac-san promptly took out a rope or rather a belt, and tied Allen to me .

[Hey! Isaac-san, what’s the matter with that belt!?]

[I thought it might be necessary, so I prepared it just in case]

Uwa…… what a high-quality preparation……

Allen happily clung to my neck, peeping to the front with his knees dangling in the air while Elena was looking forward to the change of turns .

《Oh~ that looks quite fun, doesn’t it?》

《Fufufu . He seems happy~》

Joule and Feat were looking at us as if seeing something heartwarming .

It appears that there’s no person who is going to tsukkomi here .

[Alright, seems like we are ready . Then, let’s depart~]

[[Departu~re!]]

[……]

Allen and Elena thrust their fists upwards in response to Wald-sama’s words .

I lightly sighed and instructed the horse . The uncomfortableness was terrible when the horse started moving, but it disappeared after running for a while . Rather, I got used to it instantly?

[[Coming~]]

A little while after leaving the town, Allen and Elena suddenly called out .

[Really!? Oswald, Mars . Can you confirm the monsters?]

[There are! Three wolves at the front!]

Wald-sama could guess what the children’s short comment meant and immediately instructed his subordinates . Then, before long, wolves appeared in front of us .

Allen and Elena were with me on the horseback, so they were fidgety because they couldn’t jump down and defeat the wolves .

[Wolves, huh . Do we keep going? Or do we get down from the horses?]

[We don’t have to get down from the horses . Bolt, can I ask you to take care of it?]

[Pyuruu~]

Isaac-san was asking Wald-sama for instructions, but I interrupted their exchange and asked Bolt to take care of the wolves .

Then, Bolt let out a cry of acknowledgment and flew towards the wolves .

[Pyui~]

[[[Gyaun!]]]

Bolt fired lightning from the skies at the wolves . The wolves were defeated in no time . Then, he took one of the wolves by its leg and brought it to me who was on the horseback .

[Pyuru]

[Thank you, Bolt]

After I put the corpse of the wolf into the《Infinite Storage》, Bolt flew to get the other wolves .

[Takumi really doesn’t have any limits…… are you not even going to stop to process the corpses?]

[Well, it’s Takumi-san after all . It helps that there’s no blood flowing because this is the main road though]

[Even though they weren’t monsters that strong, to defeat them in one strike……]

[As expected of a Thunderhawk!]

[Hahaha~]

I heard both exhausted and admiration voices from Wald-sama and others .

It was because of Bolt who was carrying the defeated wolves, but they were electrocuted this time . They seem astonished that there was no blood flowing .

That’s because there’s a possibility of others monsters being attracted by the blood flow . But you see~ Allen and Elena defeat most monsters by impact, Joule and others also ram their opponents most of the time, so flowing blood is rare itself in our case~

[Pyuru?]

[It’s nothing . Thanks for your hard work]

[[Hard work~]]

[Pyuru!]

Bolt stayed on my arm after bringing me the three corpses and was tilting head in[What’s the matter?]manner, so I patted Bolt’s head in thanks .

[Wald-sama, shall we go?]

[Ou, let’s go]

We let the horses run again, stopped along the way for a break and arrived at a small village in the evening . We will be staying here today .




Chapter 95

Majesta

[Takumi, we will take a break there]

[Okay, I understand]

The second day after leaving Bailey . We have been riding the horses since the morning today as well, it’s almost time for the lunch .

The place Wald-sama designated as our resting place was an empty open plain with a large tree growing in the center .

[That’s a big tree, isn’t it~]

[That’s a Majesta tree . Oh my, how rare . It’s bearing fruit]

Majesta tree is considerably thick, large tree with thick green leaves bearing many yellow fruits . Erm--Yeah~ Majesta tree’s fruit season is irregular, so the times the fruit grows seems to be unpredictable .

While looking up at the Majesta tree, I fumbled about the imprinted knowledge and knowledge related to that .

[[Is delish~?]]

[It seems to be tasty]

In fact, Majesta seems to be very delicious . However, it’s a very rare fruit .

Since the fruit grows irregularly then it’s only given that it’s rare, but to happen to pass by just as the fruit is ripe…… what a terrifying coincidence .

Seeing rare fruit makes me want to try eating it in a mountain of ways, but the bark of Majesta tree is hard and slippery, the whole trunk is covered in branches and bumps, so it would be difficult to collect the fruit which grows at the top .

It might be possible to collect them if we had a long ladder prepared, but Majesta apparently bears fruit just for half a day then it rots and falls . That’s why there’s no opportunity to return to the town as it’s necessary to gather the fruit immediately after seeing it or you will lose the chance to gather them .

Moreover, while the fruit is quick to rot on the tree, it’s a mysterious fruit that is storable for a very long time after it’s harvested .

[Piii~]

[N? --Oopsy]

When I looked up after hearing Bolt’s cry, Bolt who flew over at the top of the tree poked a branch with a fruit and dropped it down . It was a fruit that was slightly larger than my fist .

[Thank you, Bolt]

[Pii]

Bolt continued and dropped a few more fruits .

[Here, Bolt got it for you]

[[Muu~]]

[N? What’s the matter, Allen, Elena?]

When I handed over the Majesta fruit to Allen and Elena who were greatly interested in it, they were sulking for some reason .

[Allen will get it~]

[Elena will too~]

[Eh? I understand your feelings of wanting to get it, but you can’t reach it, right?]

Allen and Elena said that they want to get it themselves . But, Majesta fruit is at the very top . Bolt was able to get the fruit because of flying .

Because of the unevenness and branches that are in the way of climbing, even Allen and Elena wouldn’t be able to climb this tree .

[[Make us po~n]]

[Po~n?]

[[Un!]]

Po~n, huh…… hey!

[Eh!? Do you perhaps mean to throw you up!?]

[[Un!]]

Shockingly, Allen and Elena demand me to throw them up into the thick leaves and branches . As expected, throwing you two is impossible--…… it actually isn’t . I can do it, surely .

Certainly, using this method they would arrive at the top without the struggle of climbing . But, however--

[No, no! Even the branches at the top seem to be slippery, so it’s dangerous, you know? Bolt will get the fruit for us, so there’s no need to recklessly pick them yourself, okay?]

[[Will go~]]

[……]

The two seem to be determined . Rather, there’s not much I can say once the two speak up .

Not being able to help it, I decided to let the two do as they want and ready myself under the tree in case they fall .

[Let’s start with Allen]

[Un!]

[Oy, Takumi . What are you planning to do!?]

[Ah, Wald-sama . The two are saying they want to pick the Majesta fruit, so……--up you go]

I lifted Allen and vigorously flung him up .

The flung Allen skillfully grasped a branch and landed without a difficulty .

[Are you okay~?]

[Okay~]

When I called him, he returned a lively reply .

[Elena too~]

[Yes, yes . It’s Elena’s turn next]

[Un!]

[Up you go!]

Next, I lifted the urging Elena and flung her up just like Allen .

Elena skillfully grasped a branch too and made a landing on top of it .

[You two, be careful not to fall down, okay~]

[[Yess~]]

While cautioning them not to fall, Allen and Elena replied while jumping from one branch to another and started picking up the Majesta fruit .

[What an outside the norm thing……]

[Well~ The two are the type who won’t listen once they decide on something……--oh]

As soon as my hands were empty, Bolt dropped a fruit .

[Joule, Feat, Vector . I will give you baskets, so help me collecting the fruit, okay~]

[Kyan]

[Nnaa~]

[Garu]

Feat grabbed the basket in her mouth, flew up and started receiving the fruit from Allen and Elena directly . Joule and Vector started skillfully catching the fruit Bolt dropped into their baskets .

The harvesting continued for a while and the Majesta fruit in sight has nearly disappeared .

[[Onii~ chan!]]

[Are you done? Then, descend one by one . Let’s start with Allen, okay?]

[Un]

Saying such, Allen jumped down from the branch without a hesitation .

I toned down the force of Allen’s falling by a little with wind magic and caught him .

[Welcome back]

[I’m back~]

I lower Allen whom I safely caught on the ground and prompt Elena to jump next .

[Elena, you can go~]

[Un]

Elena jumped down without any hesitation as well .

I toned down the force of Elena’s fall just like with Allen and caught her .

[Welcome back]

[I’m here~]

When I lowered Elena on the ground, the two started taking out the Majesta fruit from the magic pouches on their waists .

[[Got many~]]

[Wai, wait a moment……--you two, put it in here]

It seems they harvested fruit besides the fruit they gave to Feat .

Panicking, I retrieved a new basket from the《Inifnite Storage》and told the two to place the fruit in it . Allen and Elena started taking out the fruit one by one and filling up the basket .

[Wow~ you two worked hard~]

The Majesta fruit piled up in the basket in no time .

Adding everything up, we got quite a lot . It’s a considerably large tree, so it seems to bear a lot of fruit .

[Why don’t we try eating it?]

[[Un!]]

Majesta fruit is delicious on its own, so I decided to try a taste .

After I used《Washing》on the fruits and handed them to Allen and Elena, the two turned towards the four knights which accompanied us .

[[Here!]]

Saying such, they held out the fruits in their hands .

[You will give us too?]

[[Un!]]

[Thank you very much]

Isaac-san dropped to his knees to match Allen’s and Elena’s line of sight and received the Majesta fruit from the two with a smile . Following after him, Wald-sama, Oswald-san, and Mars-kun received the fruit as well .

[Takumi, is that really fine? You can make quite a lot by selling this fruit, ya know?]

[I don’t mind . Even if you say quite a lot…… we have this much, after all~]

[……]

Although Wald-sama and others received the Majesta fruit, they seemed to be hesitant . Mars-kun was so nervous I found him pitiable .

However, when I pointed at the baskets full of the fruit we harvested, everyone made shocked expressions .

[Here, it’s everyone’s share~]

[[Yess~]]

[Kyan《Yaa~y》]

[Nnaa~《Niisama, thank you》]

[Pii]

[Garu~]

I handed the Majesta fruit to Allen, Elena, Joule, and others who tried it immediately .

[[It’s delish~]]

[Un, it’s tasty . Allen, Elena, thank you for getting them for us]

[[Ehehe~]]

[Bolt too, thank you]

[Pyururu~]

Actually, the Majesta fruit was juicy and crunchy similarly to a Japanese pear, it’s a delicious and quite sweet fruit . All of the children seem to like it .

Wald-sama and others also started eating and they were quite impressed .

[[Will go one more time~]]

When we finished eating, Allen and Elena said that they wanted to go up one more time . But--

[No, no, didn’t you guys take as much as you could?]

[[There’s many, you know~?]]

[Eh!?]

When I looked up where Allen and Elena were pointing, a ridiculous spectacle entered my sight .

[Eh! How!?]

The Majesta fruit that was supposed to be harvested was there once again . Mysterious vegetation is really full of mysteries……




Chapter 96

[[Ah]]

[N? What’s the matter?]

[[It became red~]]

[Eh……?]

When Allen and Elena safely returned to the ground from harvesting Majesta fruit once again, they pointed above again for some reason . When I looked up wondering whether the fruit regrew again, the leaves changed from green and became bright red in an instant .

[[Ama~zing]]

[This is……]

To change into autumn colors in an instant…… Majesta tree really is a mysterious tree .

[!! Allen-kun, Elena-san! I’m sorry, but could you please go up again and get us some of the red leaves?]

[[U?]]

Isaac-san requested Allen and Elena to collect the leaves .

Majesta’s red leaves, huh…… ahh! Green leaves are simply leaves, but red leaves are usable for medicine . These red leaves are irregular as well, it’s said they appear once in several years . Moreover, they return back to green in a few hours .

[[Ah!]]

While in the middle of looking up the knowledge about Majesta, Oswald-san and Mars-kun called out too .

[I would like to ask you as well! Please collect the leaves!]

[It’s fine if you just drop them! We will pick them up!]

They started entreating the children in a very desperate way .

Err, what are Majesta leaves used for again……--Ah! It’s a medicine for athlete’s foot!

The Iwamizu Moss we came across in the Gaya Forest was also a herb used for athlete’s foot, but that was just a material used to suppress the itch . However, Majesta leaves are used to completely cure the athlete’s foot .

[Allen, Elena . Those red leaves are used for medicine]

[[Herb~?]]

[That’s correct, they are herbs . Could you get them please?]

[[Alright~]]

Getting the two’s approval, I flung them to the top of the tree again .

[Feat and Bolt too, could you help dropping the leaves?]

[Naa~《Un, okay~》]

[Piii]

When I asked Feat and Bolt to help dropping the leaves, the two animal immediately flew up .

[Those two will drop the leaves, may I ask you to collect them?]

[Yes! Thank you very much, Takumi-dono!]

[Thank you very much!]

They thanked me in great spirits .

[…… No, yeah, don’t mind it . Nevertheless, Oswald-san and Mars-kun seem to know what those leaves are used for, right?]

It’s no wonder that the extensively knowledgeable Isaac-san knows, but I found it curious that Oswald-san and Mars-kun knew it as well .

[Well of course! It’s a material I desire, so I memorized it!]

[I gave up because it’s a material that can’t be obtained easily, but I can have a hope with this!]

[…………]

Ah…… the two are also humans troubled by the itch, huh…… well, it can’t be helped when walking in stuffy boots with poor breathability for long periods of time . Can’t be helped .

That being the case, since they know the herb, if we collect as many leaves as possible, we may help a lot of troubled people .

[W, what?]

Only Wald-sama wasn’t able to get the situation .

[Wald-sama, those leaves are used for a medicine that completely cures skin itch]

[Wha, whaaatーーー!!]

Wald-sama screamed after hearing Isaac-san’s words and joined Oswald-san and Mars-kun who were already hurriedly picking up the leaves .

Wald-sama and others collected the leaves in great vigor and collected quite a lot of leaves . Well, Isaac-san was going at his own pace .

[Everyone~ it’s enough~]

[[Finished~?]]

[Nnaa~?《Is it enough?》]

[We have secured a plenty of leaves . Allen, Elena, Feat, Bolt, thank you]

I help Allen and Elena down from the tree and thank Feat and Bolt for their work as well .

[Pyui!《Aniue~!》]

[N?]

At that time, an unfamiliar voice resounded in my head . But, I heard it overlapping with Bolt’s voice, so……

《…… Is this perhaps Bolt’s voice?》

[Pyurururu!《Yes, Aniue! I have learned telepathy~》]

《Oh, congratulations! I see, Bolt has learned telepathy…… erm, you are a male, right?》

I dared to confirm Bolt’s gender which I wasn’t clear about .

Unlike mammals, I couldn’t judge the gender of Bolt who is a bird from his appearances . This voice I’m hearing through the telepathy would be boyish if I had to choose? Is what I think, but the voice sounds younger than Joule’s, so I can’t be certain .

《Yes, I’m a male》

《I see……》

…… I’m glad . Because the name[Bolt]seems to be more suitable for a male, I feel relieved that he’s male .

《Aniue . I really like the name Bolt》

Bolt said so as if seeing through me . But, it makes me really happy that he likes his name .

[[Bolt, you did it~]]

《Ohh~ Bolt has learned telepathy too~》

《Yes》

《That leaves just Vector》

[…… Garu~]

It might have been just my imagination, but Vector seemed a bit down . Well, Vector is the only one who can’t use telepathy yet . He might be feeling left out .

[Garu-!!]

[Eh! Oy, Vector, where are you going?]

But, Vector ran off somewhere all of sudden afterward .

《I’m going to defeat monsters and learn telepathy, he said~》

[Eh?]

It seems he left a verbal message behind which Joule conveyed to me .

《But, but~ it’s not like he will learn the skill by leveling up, right~?》

《That’s right . Rather than that, he would have a better chance to learn it by conversing with us through telepathy》

《It seems he didn’t like being left out~》

Un, of course . I won’t say it’s unrelated, but it’s not like he will learn the skill by increasing his level .

[Feat, I’m sorry but could you please go after him?]

《Un, alright~》

Contracted beasts are connected by magical power so they won’t get lost, but Vector is a worrisome child, so I had the most caring Feat to supervise him .

《Ah, Niisama~ May I borrow a magic bag? I would like to collect the materials if they don’t turn into cinders~》

[…… Ah, yeah, here you go]

Handing a magic bag to Feat, she ran after Vector .

Rather cinders, huh…… that’s very likely . Let’s pray he won’t burn the surroundings down .

Wald-sama and others were wondering where the two animals ran off to, but after I told them not to worry about, we decided to end the break earlier and continue advancing .




Chapter 97

A few hours later, Feat and Vector returned .

《《We are back~》》

Together with Feat’s voice, I heard a mischevious boyish voice . Apparently, Vector has safely learned the【Telepathy】skill . Whether he learned it by defeating monsters or thanks to Feat using【Telepathy】and cooperating with him, that I don’t know .

[Seems like you safely learned it]

《Un! I learned it~》

[Thank you, Feat]

《It’s fine~ Ah, these are monster materials . As I thought, he was turning them to cinders at first, so I couldn’t get too much though》

Ehh!? He really turned them to cinders!

[W, was there no damage to the surroundings?]

《There was a time a place nearly got burnt, but nothing that would become a problem happened, so it’s fine》

[I, I see]

Well, a bit burnt is toleratable .

Pulling myself together, it was already time, so we decided to move to the next camping place .

And, since I was entrusted with the meals everywhere that is not an inn, I immediately started the preparations .

[Allen, Elena . What do you want to eat?]

[[N, you see~……-- Curry rice!]]

Oh! It’s time for curry rice!

Come to think of it, Wald-sama and others have eaten dishes with curry spice before, but they haven’t eaten curry yet, right? In that case, I think it should be fine for curry to become today’s main dish on the menu, but…… what to do about rice?

N~ I shouldn’t worry too much about it and ask directly .

[Excuse me . Does anyone feel repulsive about eating White Wheat?]

[White Wheat you say, that White Wheat? That thing is hard to eat, isn’t it?]

Wald-sama reacted to my question first .

[It can immensely soften after cooked . We ate it a lot in my hometown instead of bread]

[Is that so? Any of Takumi’s dishes are delicious . I don’t mind]

[That’s right . I have no objections as well]

[Me too]

[I’m also good . Captain has been always boasting how delicious Takumi-san’s dishes are, so I’m looking forward to it!]

I unexpectedly smoothly got everyone’s approval .

White Wheat might not have the image of being animal feed, but it might have hard to eat image instead .

[Thank you very much . I will make it immediately . -- Allen, Elena, let’s do it~]

[[Yess~]]

I think of asking the two to help me make ice cream for after the meal dessert . It’s the perfect time for a dessert because it’s still hot .

I mix sugar with eggs and add the thick milk--a fresh cream like thing we have recently discovered . This is where I would like to put vanilla beans . I still don’t have them, so maybe next time . I think of going with a simple ice cream .

No, egg ice cream? Well, either is fine .

Then, the mixture is heated for a moment . It can be done without the heating, but food poisoning is scary . Safety first! I cool it after heating and split that liquid into three parts .

If I can make this skillfully, I would like to challenge various flavored ice creams . What I could do now is a strawberry-like flavor from[Iichi Fruit], caramel, Kahee, and black tea . I could also put nuts in . Rum raisins may work too, but…… I don’t have rum after all . How are brandy raisins, I wonder? I have a stock, should I give it a try? Among others, I could also do mint flavor and roasted soybeans flavor? It’s too bad that I don’t have the royal road of flavors, chocolate, but it seems that I will be able to make a decent one out of certain materials .

[Allen, Elena, could you stir this for me please?]

[[Yes~]]

I freeze one part instantly with《Freeze》magic and put it in the《Infinite Storage》 . I freeze another part and have Allen and Elena stir it and slowly repeat the process a few times .

[You guys roll the ice so it won’t break, okay~]

《《《《Yes~》》》》

Then, I put the last part in a container and seal it . I requested Joule to make an ice ball with the container in the center and have them roll it .

If I’m correct, the hardness or rather the texture of the ice cream should be different .

The children gave me a cheerful reply and everyone started their respective work, but the work of Joule and others feels like a game, so Allen and Elena were a bit interested at first, but they immediately started focusing on their own work .

While the children are working, I start making the curry rice .

First, I prepare the White Wheat in a large quantity . I think it would be necessary to make a good amount for the four knights, so I have to cook it several times . It doesn’t take too much time to cook, so I will manage .

As for the curry…… shall I make the alligator curry I made before? I retrieve the ingredients from the《Infinite Storage》and continue working .

[Oh, looks good!]

[[Done~?]]

[Un, you did well . Thank you]

Just as I was cooking the veggies, the ice cream was completed .

[Here, taste it]

[[Ahh~……-- Nniyu~]]

When I spoon the ice cream Allen and Elena made and bring it in their mouths, the two held down their cheeks and showed the faces of satisfaction .

Before I noticed, Joule and others gathered too, so I gave everyone a mouthful .

[How is it?]

[[Delish~! More~!]]

It appears that Allen and Elena like the ice cream quite a lot . Their[More, more]requesting voices were something .

[N~ then, I will give you a mouthful of each type . The rest is after the meal]

[[《《《《Un!》》》》]]

I decided that we might as well taste and compare the ice cream Joule and others rolled around and the one I stored the moment I froze it .

Judging from the results, each came out deliciously, and if I had to choose, then the one Allen and Elena stirred came out the smoothest . Well, I think there’s only a slight difference though .

N~ there should also be the method of whipping the fresh cream and mixing ingredients in . Would it come out smoother that way?

But you see~ the best method is the laborless freezing method . It’s a simple method so Allen and Elena would have an easier time, and above all, it would be easier to make various kinds .

Ah, there’s also the hand of making a magic tool that would easily whip the fresh cream . Let’s try asking in a magic tool shop in the capital .

[Then, the tasting is over . Let’s make the curry~]

[[《《《《Yesss~》》》》]]

Finishing the ice cream tasting, I resume cooking of curry .

[Looks delicious]

[It smells really nice~]

[It has an appetite stimulating fragrance, isn’t it?]

[This scent makes me feel even hungrieer~]

When I got to the stage of adding the spices and cooking it together, the knights who were waiting and preparing the camp in the distance impatiently approached . As I thought, the curry’s fragrance is the best, it’s a “human pampering . ”

I let it mature with magic this time as well, and it’s complete!

[It’s done, so let’s have a meal]

When I said such, I was waiting for this, everyone was making such expression .

[Tasty~!]

[This is the White Wheat, huh . So it could become this soft]

[Also, this is quite filling, isn’t it?]

[It’s very delicious!]

The children are also eating deliciously, but the reaction of the knights was far greater .

Nevertheless, the reaction after eating the White Wheat was superb . The reaction of Vivian whom I let it eat before was also good, so the tongues of the people of Aetherdia might be close to Japanese people’s as I thought .

[[Onii~ chan, ice~]]

After finished eating the meal, Allen and Elena urged for the dessert ice cream .

Not only that, the two were also “quickly, quickly” repeating while pulling on my clothes . Joule and others were also rubbing against my body as if trying to press me .

[Alright, I got it]

I retrieved ice cream from the《Infinite Storage》, served it in bowls and handed it to the children . Of course, I have it to Wald-sama and others as well .

[[Yum-yum~]]

[Kyau~《This is really delicious after all~》]

[Unaa~《It’s delicious》]

[Pyuru~《Delicious》]

[Garu~《Yummy~》]

As expected, the children seemed to considerably like the ice cream and everyone ate it deliciously .

And, as for Wald-sama and others--

[[[[……]]]]

They were silently indulging themselves . Well, there’s no doubt that they like it .




Chapter 98

We have arrived at Alveil, a town between Bailey and the Capital . Tonight, we will spend the night here .

[This is also quite a large town, isn’t it?]

[[Big~ isn’t it~]]

Joule and others returned into my shadow when we entered the town, and we advanced on the main street to find the inn we will be staying at first .

[The inn is over there]

What Wald-sama pointed at was an inn called[Red Piglet’s] . It seems to be quite a high-class inn . There were inns along the way too, but the lodging fees are apparently on the country’s expenses . As far as it goes, we seem to be treated as the king’s guests of honor .

After checking in, we had a free time until the dinner, so I decided to walk around the town with Allen and Elena .

[[Where to~]]

[Shall we go shopping?]

[[Shopping~?]]

[Yeah . Tell me if there’s something you guys want, okay?]

[[Un]]

Alveil seems to have rich production, so I hope to find something new~

[First of all, shall we buy nuts to put into the ice cream~?]

[[Aisu~]]

[Many nuts~!]

[Make lots~!]

When I conveyed that I wanted to purchase nuts and included their utilization, the two were clearly pleased .

[You want to buy them that much?]

[[Ma~ny!]]

After that, the two walked all the way to the shop while singing[Nuts~ nuts~♪]in a good humor .

[Welcome]

[Hello~ I would like to buy nuts, could you show me what you have?]

When we entered the shop, a shopkeeper-ish middle-aged uncle smilingly called out to us, so I immediately asked him to show me the goods .

[Nuts? In that case, we have Kotou nuts, Aman, Maro nuts…… and Kashu]

Umm…… walnuts and almonds . Oh, Maro is similar to Japanese chestnut . That one is Cashew nuts .

I thought I would be lucky if they had one thing I didn’t have, but they have two, Japanese chestnut and Cashew . This is an instant buy .

[I would like each kind, but give me somewhat larger quantity of Maro and Kashu please]

[[Ma~ny!]]

[Thank you for your patronage~]

When I conveyed that I want to buy, Allen and Elena emphasized my “somewhat larger quantity . ”

[Alright, how about this much?]

[[More~]]

The shop’s uncle filled a paper bag with nuts and when he looked at us to confirm the quantity, Allen and Elena said in discontent .

[More, you say?]

[[More!]]

[More, huh? Niisan, is that fine?]

[Yes, it’s fine . Put in a little bit more please]

A considerable amount of nuts was already stuffed in the paper bag, so the shop’s uncle was worried whether we could eat all that, or maybe if we have enough money, but the amount of nuts increased until Allen and Elena were satisfied .

[Allen, Elena . Shall we buy some dried fruit for snacks too?]

[[Un]]

[Allen, Kukuru!]

[Elena, Shian!]

[Kukuru fruit and Shian fruit it is then . Alright . You don’t want anything else?]

[[Hmm? I~chi?]]

[Ichi fruit, got it]

Grapes and fig . And also strawberries .

[N? This is…………]

When I was about to tell the shop’s uncle about the fruit Allen and Elena wanted to buy, I caught a sight of something I haven’t seen before .

[Oh, Niisan, you have sharp eyes~ These are Starberries . They are a difficult to get hold of, first-class goods with have twice the sugar content of Ichi fruit . Well, they are best when fresh, so they are even rarer when dried]

[Hee~]

Starberries, huh~ It’s appearances are similar to strawberry . But, it’s a size bigger and yellow in color . Ah, but the name seems derived . I can see a faint star pattern on the surface . Since it’s first-class goods, it must be delicious . Un, then, let’s buy it .

[This, may I buy it up?]

[Ou, I don’t mind!]

There’s not that many being sold, so I decided to buy all there is .

[[Onii~ chan, aah~!]]

[Haha~ that’s right . You want to try it]

[[Un]]

Because it’s rare and when you hear it’s delicious, you would want to try it immediately .

[After we pay, okay?]

[[Quickly~]]

[I got it, I got it . Ojisan, how much it adds up to?]

[[How much~?]]

[Ou, wait a moment]

Until I paid, Allen and Elena demandingly continued pulling on the hem of my clothes .

[Here, Allen, Elena]

[[Aah~]]

When I presented the Starberries I have received, the two widely opened their mouths in wait . It’s just that the Starberries are a little too big to eat whole, so instead of entering their mouths, half of the fruits were sticking out of their mouths .

[Is it tasty?]

[[Tashty~]]

When I asked for impressions on the taste, the two sweetly smiled . Their expressions resemble the one they made when eating ice cream .

Furthermore, the two were staring at my face after finishing eating .

[What’s the matter?]

[[Uniyu~……]]

[Ahh . Do you perhaps want to eat one more?]

[Will endure~]

[Next time~]

Oh my, oh my, they want to eat it, but it seems they will endure .

[Really?]

[[Really~]]

[I see . Then, let’s buy something to eat from the stalls at the main street]

[[Un!]]

My stomach also feels empty, so when I proposed to eat something at the stalls, the children accepted my proposal .

[Alright, let’s go~]

[[Let’s go~ let’s go~]]

And then, when we got onto the main street--

[[Ah!]]

[N?]

Allen and Elena suddenly raised their voices after looking at the opposite side of the street .




Chapter 99

[Ah, aren’t you Oniisan from that time!]

When I looked where Allen and Elena were pointing, a familiar red-haired woman was running over to us . She’s the vampire woman we have met before, Vivian .

[I’m not your older brother!]

[I’m indeed older than you, aren’t I~ What was your name again?]

[…… Oy]

[That’s a lie~ I’m only joking! It was Takumi-san, wasn’t it? I properly remember you~]

[……]

[Rather than that, this must be a fate . I’m extremely happy to meet you again! Well then, please give me food!]

[……]

Haa? I think I lost her a bit there……

[Food?]

[Yes, food . Anything’s fine, so please let me eat]

[No, no, why! There are food stalls around here, so you should just buy food from them, right?]

[Don’t wanna~ I want to eat food made by you!]

[……]

That’s an enormous complaint .

As expected, I’m not such kind stranger that would go[Ah, is that so? Then, here you go]when told[I want to eat] .

[Of course, I won’t eat for free! I have properly prepared the compensation!]

Vivian said such while puffing out her chest and presenting small bottles, so I looked at the bottles with【Appraisal】first .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Drops of Blue Rose】

A vampire specially made conception medicine . A medicine for a certain conception .

Immediate effect . The effect lasts approximately half a day .

Excellent product with no side effects . Women exclusive use .

【Drops of Yellow Rose】

A vampire specially made contraceptive . Absolute contraceptive .

Immediate effect . The effect lasts for three whole days .

Excellent product with no side effects . Women exclusive use .

【Drops of Black Rose】

A vampire specially made spermicide . A medicine which cancels the propagative power of sperm .

Immediate effect . The effect lasts for three whole days .

Excellent product with no side effects . Men exclusive use .

＝＝＝＝＝

[Fufufu~ how about that!]

[……]

This woman…… why is this the medicine of her choice!?

Does she not have anything better for compensation!

[…… Why is it this medicine]

[My? You are aware of the effect of these medicines, aren’t you? Takumi-san is knowledgeable~ The ingredients used for these medicines are special, so they are very precious medicines!]

They are rare medicines without a doubt . Although it’s a kind of a medicine that is not particularly necessary…… but, I’m already tired of accompanying Vivian as her tsukkomi companion, I just have to let her eat and think that I have obtained a valuable medicine……

[We are in the middle of the town, so I can take out only what I have]

[I don’t mind!]

When I took outa pre-made cooking from the《Infinite Storage》, Vivian immediately started eating on the spot .

[Ngu, mugu, ngu!]

[Speak after your mouth isn’t full!]

Vivian tried to talk with her mouth fully stuffed, so I stopped her with all my might .

[Allen, Elena . Talking with a mouth stuffed with food like that is bad, so be sure you two absolutely don’t do that, okay?]

[[Yess~]]

I teach Allen and Elena while showing the bad sample .

[It’s delicious]

[Is that so?]

[Yes, seconds please]

[……]

Really shameless . But, if you compare the price of Vivian’s medicine and my cooking, I think the medicine would be far more expensive, so I decided to obediently take out the seconds .

[Ah, for a takeout too please]

[…… Oy]

Vivian’s shamelessness exceeded boldness .

[Haa~ I’m full, I’m full~ I’m extremely satisfied~]

[…… That so?]

[Yes! Ah, I will give you this as well~]

＝＝＝＝＝

【Enerunrun♪】

A vampire specially made energy drink .

Five days worth of nourishment supplement .

Be careful not to overdose, okay♪

＝＝＝＝＝

[……]

She took out something strange again……

Does that mean I won’t have to eat for five days if I drink this?

[If you take it now, I will present you a set of ten[Enerunrun♪]! Therefore, I request takeout food as well!]

[[Enerunrun~?]]

[That’s right~ It’s something like a fruit water after which you won’t have to eat for a while . This is also my favorite article!]

It appears that Allen and Elena were attracted by its name .

[[May drink~?]]

[Oh my? Would you like to try?]

[Oy, wait a moment! Vivian, don’t let them drink it without permission! Allen, Elena, if you drink that, you won’t be able to eat meals for a while!]

I stopped the three who wanted to drink[Enerunrun♪]in panic .

Hearing that they won’t be able to eat, Allen and Elena who were reaching for the bottles promptly withdrew their hands . But, Vivian was still pushing the bottles into the two’s hands, so I took the bottles from her hands .

I get annoyed just from thinking of getting on Vivian’s proposal, but honestly, this medicine, or rather, this nutrient seems like it could be useful, so I decided to take it and yield to her demands .

[How about this, is it enough?]

I retrieved Cream bread, Anpan, Curry bread, egg sandwich, and tuna sandwich from the《Infinite Storage》and showed it to Vivian . They are bread that has been sold only in Shirin and Bailey . The sandwiches most likely didn’t even appear on the market yet .

[Huh? Is this the jam bun that has been popular recently~?]

[No, it isn’t a jam bun . The filling is different . The shop that sells them has only two kinds at the moment, so it’s a pastry that the shops around here don’t sell yet]

[Ohh~! That is wonderful . Thank you very much~]

It seems the negotiations were somehow arranged .

[Rather, the medicine you always take out, is it made by you?]

[Huh? Did I say what race I was from?]

…… Ah . If I know the medicine then I would know that it’s vampire-made, but I have not heard from Vivian that she’s a vampire yet .

[…… You said it when we met before, didn’t you~]

[Did I?]

Was that not enough to deceive her?

[That’s right]

[N~ that may be true now that I think about it~? So, about this medicine, right? As Takumi-san said, this medicine was made by me~]

Ah, looks like she has been deceived .

[As I thought]

[Yes~ well, I might be irresponsible, but the effects of the medicines are perfect, so please be at ease]

[……]

No, that comment right now wasn’t needed~

[Well then, thank you very much for today . I look forward to seeing you again]

…… Again, she said .

Leaving worrisome words behind, Vivan gallantly departed .

[…… Now then, Allen, Elena, thank you for waiting . What shall we eat?]

[[N, you see~ I want that~]]

Pulling myself together, I decided to resume the stroll around town again .




Chapter 100

After picking up some light snack at a street stall, we returned to the inn before it got dark and had a dinner with Wald-sama and rest . At that time--

--Doko—n!

[Buhiiii]

Simultaneously with an explosive sound, some kind of beastly war cry resounded .

[W, what?]

[That just now was a monster’s cry, wasn’t it!?]

[I, It was nearby, right!?]

[This is the downtown! Why is a monster here!]

The store’s interior suddenly became noisy .

[I think the soldiers will intercept it, but…… it would be better to check the state of the situation . Oswald, Mars, we are going!]

[[Y, yes!]]

Inside the noisy store, Isaac-san composedly gave instructions and rushed out of the store together with Oswald-san and Mars-kun . Only Wald-sama remained behind .

Is that it? Accompanying us because they are pretty much supposed to be our guards? Normal times in the downtown aside, he won’t leave us at such times?

[[Monster~?]]

[Looks like it]

[Allen will defeat~]

[Elena too~]

[Even without Allen and Elena defeating it, the soldiers of this town will]

[[Muu~~~]]

Hearing about a monster, Allen and Elena grew restless . It’s because their turn didn’t show up that much when monsters appeared on this journey . It seems they are itching to fight .

[Oy, oy…… please stop rushing out on every occassion]

Hearing our conversation, Wald-sama said exhaustedly .

[Well~ I don’t want us plunging into troubles on our own too, but……]

But you see~ because the inn is facing the main street, I can see people running as if escaping from west to the east . That’s why I feel frustrated, just sitting without doing anything……

[Captain-!]

[Mars? Did you find out what happened?]

A short time later, Mars-kun returned . It seems he came to report the situation to Wald-sama .

[A swarm of Orcs appeared from the west . The exploding sound from a while ago was from a stone the Orcs threw at the wall . Vice-captain and Oswald-san went straight to the actual scene]

[…… I see]

Orcs, huh…… it seems it was from the west as I thought .

N~ Orc is a monster that can be defeated with two or three people of some skill, but……

[Is it fine for Wald-sama not to go?]

[It’s not like all of us can go and leave you guys behind . Since Isaac went there, I will stay here]

Ah, he remained behind as our guard as I thought .

[Well, the soldiers from various places will come together and divide between the subjugation force and the evacuation force . The Feudal Lord’s House’s knights should come out too . Besides…… no, anyhow, there shouldn’t be any problem]

N? Right now, didn’t it feel like Wald-sama was avoiding the last line?

[Buhiiii—!]

At that moment, the Orcish shout resounded again . It was louder than the one before .

Immediately after that, Allen and Elena were pulling on my clothes .

[What’s the matter?]

[[Onii~ chan, let’s go~?]]

[…… Let’s go you say, eh? To the west gate?]

[[Un!]]

[……]

…… Ahh, yeah, the two didn’t give up yet .

[Don’t go . You can’t]

[[Muu~~~]]

Allen and Elena became sullen at Wald-sama’s cautioning .

[[We goingmon!]]

As if to oppose Wald-sama, Allen and Elena vigorously stood up from their chars .

[Uwa! Allen, Elena!?]

I stood in panic and caught the two who were about to leave the inn .

[[We going~~~]]

[Alright, I got it, okay?]

When I finally gave up because they wouldn’t settle otherwise, the two became obedient .

I was honestly startled by the usually obedient two’s unusual reaction . Is this supposed to be that? Getting stubborn after being oppressed . But, this might be a normal reaction for children . Allen and Elena have been way too obedient until now .

[[Really~?]]

[Really]

[Oy, Takumi!]

[But Wald-sama, please think about it . Don’t you think the damage would be larger if the two went on rampage like this?]

[……]

When I said such to Wald-sama who was objecting, he went silent . It appears that he understands how troublesome it would be if Allen and Elena were to rampage .

[Wald-sama, you are worried about it too, aren’t you? Shall we go to the west gate?]

[…… Can’t be helped]

[Eh? Captain, is that alright!?]

[It’s way better than them going on their own . Rather, I think Isaac already saw through this development . That’s why he must have gone ahead to get the information . If not, he would normally stay here while we would be over there]

Wow . It looks like Wald-sama and Isaac-san decided on their roles with eye contact in that moment . What an amazing combination . But, because Wald-sama has reluctantly agreed, we decided to go to the west gate on a separate route to avoid the crowd .

[Huh?]

After arriving at the west gate and seeing the soldiers and adventurers coming in and out, I noticed a certain thing .

[Ah! Wald-sama, are adventurers called together in such cases too?]

[Yeah, that’s right . Different ranks are called depending on the situation . Takumi didn’t notice after all?]

Emergency call or something like that . Aren’t I in the targeted group too then?

Come to think of it, while explaining the actions of the soldiers, Wald-sama was evasive about his last sentence .

[Eh? Wouldn’t it be bad if I didn’t go during the emergency call?]

[Under normal circumstances . There’s no problem at the moment since you are with us]

[Is that so?]

[That is so]

I understand that Wald-sama and rest are moving under the King’s orders, so their priority is that, but am I also involved in it? I don’t understand well, but I will overlook it since it seems like there would be no penalty this time .

Also, I’m worried about the frequency, but I should keep emergency calls in mind .

[Oh, there he is --Oy, Isaac]

[My, my, you arrived earlier than I expected]

[The pipsqueaks are more stubborn than you thought, Isaac!]

[Oh my, is that so?]

When Wald-sama said such, Isaac-san looked at Allen and Elena in my arms without getting surprised .

[Monster~]

[Will defeat~]

Allen and Elena who were stared at by Isaac-san cheerfully raised their fists . Then, Isaac-san made a consenting expression after hearing the two’s words full of eagerness .

[So, what’s the situation?]

[It’s not that sweet]

When Wald-sama asked about the situation, Isaac-san’s expression changed .

[Hahh? The opponents are Orcs, right? They might have numbers, but our higher war potential should manage, right?]

[That’s…… there’s a superior species]

[What!? Superior species?]

[Yes . Its appearance has not been confirmed yet, but the Orcs’ leadership is secured and their numbers aren’t quite going down]

Superior species, huh . Something like this wouldn’t happen if it was just a High Orc, so it must be something even above that . It must be either Orc General or Orc King .

[Who is in command here?]

[A person called Gregory, he’s the Knight Captain of the Feudal Lord’s House]

[Don’t know him]

[Well, he’s mainly serving the Feudal Lord after all]

[I see . Let’s go see him first . Hey, Takumi . You are going too]

[…… Roger]

It seems that Wald-sama wants to see the person in charge first, but…… apparently together with me .

Allen and Elena are itching to fight, but as expected it’s not like I can release them into such chaos, so let’s accompany Wald-sama here~



Chapter 101

When we got out of the gate, I could see a group of orcs advancing towards the town and figures of soldiers and adventurers trying to block them . It appears that the strength of their forces is similar, they advance and retreat in turns . Isaac-san said the situation wasn’t favorable, but the damages caused by the orcs seems to be low .

While glancing at the situation, I walked with Wald-sama and rest towards the knights--

[[《《Water Jet》》]]

[-- Hey!!]

Allen and Elena suddenly fired magic towards the orcs .

The released magic flew towards an advancing orc who slipped through the defenses . It was rushing towards our direction and apparently entered the two’s firing range . Moreover, the orc got blown backward and stopped moving . It seems they have brought it down properly .

I kept the two in my arms as a precaution of them rushing out, but I couldn’t prevent their magic .

The attention completely gathered at us who were the source of the magic .

[Takumi, what are you doing!]

[No, no, that wasn’t me!]

Wald-sama who walked in the front turned around in a panic . Rather, why is he getting angry at me?

[I know that! Watch the pipsqueaks properly!]

Ahh, so it’s that . But you see~

[I’m preventing them from rushing out like this]

[……]

When I show Wald-sama how I’m holding Allen and Elena in my arms, he delicately turned away his gaze .

As expected, I can possibly take any further measures, right? As for the magic, isn’t sealing their magical power the only thing left? Well, I have no intention of doing that though .

[Allen, Elena . You mustn’t fire magic while people are around all of sudden like that . It would be dangerous if the people around got dragged into it, right?]

[[Is fi~ne!]]

While thinking of cautioning them first, the two proudly puffed out their chest in full confidence…… fine you say, do you mean you won’t involve others?

They certainly aimed at an orc that separated from its group, so it’s not like they could damage the people in the vicinity . It’s not an exaggeration to say that they brought it down safely .

[Still, you mustn’t selfishly use magic at the moment]

[[……]]

When I told them that they can’t use magic, the two made dissatisfied faces .

[…… When there’s a suitable time to use it, I will properly ask you . Okay?]

[[…… Yess~]]

They were making too displeased faces, so when I told them that I will ask them when an opportunity arises, they were reluctant, but they agreed . I feel like if I don’t proactively search for opportunities, they will later sulk~

[Did you finish persuading them? Rather, the pipsqueaks can use magic, I see . They couldn’t use it before, right?]

Wald-sama wondered about the children using magic .

Come to think of it, Allen and Elena learned magic after arriving to Bailey, so it’s the first time he saw the children use magic .

[That’s right, I taught them in Bailey, so……]

[Doesn’t that mean that much time didn’t pass since they learned magic! Magic of such power isn’t something amateurs, much less children can do . You guys, stay out of the norm moderately please!]

For some reason, Wald-sama entered lecturing mode . Stay out of the norm moderately, he said…… even if you tell me that~

However, it’s not like they went all out……

[Wald-sama, leave it at that . The people over there noticed our presence because of the children’s magic, so let’s head there]

[…… Let’s do that]

When I looked at the direction Isaac-san was talking about, I saw a group of splendidly armored people staring at us .

Yeah, is that the group of the commander Wald-sama wanted to meet?

[Risner-dono, these people are?]

When we approached, they asked Isaac-san whom they have already met before .

[My superior and our companion adventurer]

[I’m Grunwald Ruven . You might have heard from Isaac here already, but we are on the way to the capital and stopped by the town today . It’s a state of emergency, so we came to cooperate]

[Thank you very much for your assistance . I’m Gregory Valgan . Without a delay, Ruven-dono . The magic that sent the orc from just a while ago flying, it seemed to belong to these children, but…… just what are they……]

When Wald-sama and Valgan-san finished introducing themselves, Valgan-san immediately asked about Allen and Elena . Well, it’s only natural to be curious about that~

[…… Ahh, that’s…… yeah]

[I’m adventurer called Takumi . These children are my younger siblings]

[Those children are adventurers too, but he as their elder brother is outside the norm--no, rather, he’s a nonsensical human being, so you just have to think that the children got influenced by him]

[Wald-sama!? That way of speaking is way too rude!]

I introduced myself to Valgan-san just in case and left the rest to Wald-sama, but his words shocked me .

I recognize that I’m slightly unordinary, but nonsensical…… isn’t that too cruel?

[Didn’t I just say the truth!]

[No, no, no! You could have said it differently!]

[I don’t have the time to explain it nicely at the moment!]

[That’s true, but!]

[It has been established that it’s impossible for you guys to not stand out . It would be wasteful to try patching up things after you, don’t you think!]

[……]

…… Allen and Elena are already guilty of that, so I’m not able to deny that . I can’t deny that, but~

[Valgan-dono, I can guarantee their ability]

[I, I see……]

…… It didn’t feel like it was forced at all .

I had no choice but to crestfallenly hang my head down without saying anything .

[Bumooooooooーーー!!]

At that time, I heard a loud war cry, and an especially huge orc appeared .

--noshi, noshi its movements weren’t that fast, but it has quite the coercing power .

[Tch! The general has come]

It’s the superior species, Orc General .

[Valgan-dono, wouldn’t it be better to withdraw the vanguard and rally up? At this rate, our numbers will gradually be reduced]

Because the Orc General appeared, the vigor of the nearby orcs grew .

The number of soldiers and adventurers that are being sent flying obviously increased .

[However, the orcs would then approach the town]

[It’s fine . We have countermeasures]

Valgan-san was flustered, but Wald-sama confidently threw out his chest .

It appears that Wald-sama has a plan . I wonder what it is?




Chapter 102

[There, Takumi, pipsqueks, go wild as you please]

[Haa!?]

[[Really?]]

[Yeah, it’s fine~]

[[Yaay~]]

[No, no, no!]

Wald-sama suddenly said something that fanned the children’s flame .

[Wait, Wald-sama!? W, what are you saying!!]

Wald-sama’s plan, was it perhaps utilizing us?

In Wald-sama’s case, he seriously meant it!

[Hm? This is a way to keep the damage at the minimum and eliminate the monsters most quickly . Look, Takumi, I leave the big shot to you~]

[No, no, no! Knight-sama, do your job please!!]

[Of course, I will go out too . Ah, you can leave the clean-up to me too! Well, Isaac will be the one dealing with the processing though!]

I believe that Wald-sama is extensively serious .

[Is this not an abandonment of one’s duties!? Isaac-san!]

I tried seeking help from Isaac-san .

[Let’s see~ Well, rather than being guards, our duty is to follow Takumi-san who can act freely, so~ Wald-sama telling you to go to the front doesn’t really mean he’s abandoning his duties~]

[I have no allies!?]

Isaac-san also recommended Wald-sama’s approach . When I looked towards Oswald-san and Mars-kun, they were looking at me with sympathy……

[[Onii~ chan, let’s go~]]

Allen and Elena have been pulling on my clothes to go since a while ago .

[I understand, I understand~……]

Complaining already won’t change anything at this time . It would be better to clean-up before the damages become large .

[Can you withdraw people away from the group of orcs?]

[Oh, you are ready to go? You mean to keep them away so they won’t get rolled up into it, right? --Valgan-dono, can you withdraw the soldiers?]

[Just what do you……]

A broad grin appeared on Wald-sama’s face as he begun negotiating with Valgan-san .

But, Valgan-san was confused .

[You have no choice but to believe me]

[…… I understand]

Valgan-san seemed to make a decision and started giving instructions to the surroundings .

[Allen, Elena, we will reduce their numbers with magic first, okay?]

[[Un!]]

After verifying that the front has moved away, I lowered Allen and Elena from my arms and prepared for the attack .

[Here I go~--《Water Jet》]

[[《Water Jet》]]

With the people out of the way, the three of us fired magic at my signal .

The large amount of discharged water overwhelmed the orcs’ momentum .

[[[[[Wha!!]]]]]

I heard shocked voices from the surroundings .

[Ooh~ they got blown away fancily, didn’t they?]

[What a great power]

[It was incredible the last time I saw it too, but this one was the most incredible~]

The admiration voices of Wald-sama and rest were audible .

[That being the case, we should go soon as well~]

[Let’s do that . It doesn’t seem necessary, but it’s not like we can only watch . Oswald, Mars, we are going]

[[Yes!]]

Wald-sama and rest took out their swords and moved towards the orcs .

[Ah, Allen too~]

[Elena is going too~]

Allen and Elena also broke into a run . I also took out my sword--[Water Katana]from the《Infinite Storage》and ran after them .

[[Torya~]]

Allen and Elena jump kicked an orc with the momentum, used its chest as a stepping stone and jumped up .

[[Yaa~!]]

Then, they attacked the heads of the orcs . Each bringing down an orc with the exact same moves .

[Ha!]

There was an orc who tried to swing down its club at Allen and Elena when they landed, so I cut it down with my katana .

[Next one~?]

[This way~!]

Allen and Elena identified their next prey and ran towards it without a hesitation .

[[There~!]]

[Buhiiii-!]

[Oryaaーーー!]

[Haa~!]

[Buhiii-!]

Not only Allen and Elena, but seeing Wald-sama and rest smoothly defeating the orcs together with the soldiers and adventurers, the orcs’ numbers quickly decreased .

[Bumooooooooーーー!!]

Seeing its comrades being defeated one by one, the Orc General roared .

Glaring at its hateful enemies, the Orc General’s coercion increased .

[Now then……]

Orc General is…… B-rank, right?

Well, I don’t think it’s necessary to be so cautious, but…… I don’t know what it’s capable of when enraged . Defeating it with magic and not allowing it to get close would be a valid strategy .

N~ Should I use fire magic I have not tried using before? But you see~ the Orc General’s hide seems to be quite a good material and I heard that its flesh is also tastier than that of an orc, so it would be wasteful to just burn it .

…… The Orc General doesn’t really look appetizing, but I feel like eating pork fried with ginger for some reason .

[First……--《Wind Arrow》]

[Bumoooooo!]

When I used a wind arrow as a test, the movements of the charging Orc General just slightly quivered . On the contrary, it got enraged even more .

[…… Quite sturdy, isn’t he? Then, next is--《Air Hammer》]

This time, I activated magic to smash the Orc General with air pressure from above .

[Bumoo!?]

The Orc General took a posture of lifting an invisible stone with both of its hands .

[Takumi, you seem to be taking it quite easy]

[[Onii~ chan!]]

Just at that moment, Wald-sama and others who defeated the rest of the orcs joined up with me .

Allen and Elena who ran over as well clung to my legs .

[Taking it easy, is not quite right, that fellow is quite a tough one~]

I keep the Orc General under the air pressure so that he couldn’t move, so it’s not like I’m taking it easy .

[Allen will defeat it~]

[Elena will defeat it too~]

Thinking this to be an opportunity to participate, Allen and Elena raised their hands an appealed to me .

[…… Oh well . Shall we bring it down with magic at once?]

[[Yess~!]]

I know the magic power of these two is enormous, so it would be better to bring it down at once rather than uselessly prolonging it .

[Then, are you prepared?]

[[Un!]]

[Well then--《Water Jet》]

[[《Water Jet》]]

[Also, a freebie!《Tornado》]

Invoking magic together with the children, I further mixed the water magic with wind magic .

When the vigorous whirlpool of water reached the Orc General--dokan, it made a loud noise upon impact .

[Bumooo-……]

The directly hit Orc General feebly collapsed to the ground .

[[Defeated~!]]

A lot of people were injured during today’s orc raid, but luckily, there were no casualties . In addition, it ended with no damages to the town . After that, we began cleaning up, but Isaac-san told me first with a very nice smile that the Orc General and several orcs should naturally belong to me, so I immediately stored them into my《Infinite Storage》 .

After storing the orc materials--rather, their corpses in the《Infinite Storage》, I was told by Isaac-san[It’s a nap-time for the children, isn’t it?]next . Well, the day has certainly become pitch dark, so I agreed as it was without a doubt that time .

Then, I was half-forcedly returned to the inn with Oswald-san . Thinking that this is the “clean-up” Wald-sama was talking about, I obediently decided to return to the inn and rest .

Then the next morning when I awoke, Wald-sama and rest were also already back . Well, they went to report to the Alveil’s Feudal Lord after cleaning up, so they seem to have just pulled an all-nighter .

After asking for details, the Feudal Lord apparently hoped to meet us . However, Wald-sama declined that after explaining that we are in the middle of a journey to the royal capital to meet with the King . The King is given the top priority after all . Wald-sama refusing in my stead was an excellent judgment . Rather, I wanted to say[Good job declining!] .

Well, you know~ the reason the Feudal Lord wanted to meet with us was apparently either an invitation to serve him or get captured by him if unlucky . He must have heard the story from Valgan-san and that’s why he wished to meet us .

Well, there’s no positive proof though .

[Takumi, sorry about this but can we depart in the afternoon? Let me take a nap for a little]

[I don’t mind leaving tomorrow?]

[No, I don’t think there would be further troubles, but I want to depart quickly]

[I understand . We will obediently wait in the room, so please rest up]

[Ou, that would be nice . Your faces are probably well-known by now, so it would be better to not leave that much]

Wald-sama and others we working all night, so it wouldn’t be good to depart right away, so we spent the morning leisurely in our room .

After that, we departed from Alveil in the afternoon, the journey went uneventfully, and we have safely arrived at the royal capital .




Chapter 103

[[Lots~]]

[Really . There’s a lot of people and carriages]

Arriving at the capital, we promptly got off the horses and approached the gate in order to get inside .

There was a long queue in order to get inside, but the knights and us as their fellow travelers went to the front of the queue without lining up, and were able to enter immediately after identification papers check .

I had the four animals return to my shadow as the number of people started increasing . I would like them to walk together with us, but it might become a problem in a place with tons of people after all~

[[Oohh~]]

When we entered the town, Allen and Elena raised voices of astonishment .

I thought there were many people both in Shirin and Bailey, but as I thought, they can’t compare with the capital as it’s crowded with people .

[Allen, Elena, don’t separate from me~ We won’t be able to see each other if you get lost~]

[[!!]]

The moment I somehow half seriously exclaimed, Allen and Elena who were looking around the town with a great interest firmly stuck to my legs .

I won’t be able to move if they stuck to me this close . Moreover, we will obstruct the passersby . I lifted up the two in my arms in order not to lose sight of them .

[Sorry, sorry . I was lying . I will be able to properly find you even if you get lost]

[[Uu~]]

Uwaa~~~ they have extremely teary eyes……

I did it now . I shouldn’t joke in such way with Allen and Elena .

[Oy, Takumi . We should--Oh? Why do the pipsqueaks seem about to cry?]

Just at that time, Wald-sama who finished with the procedures approached us and found the children’s state strange .

[No…… well, I joked around a bit you see……]

[N? You mean you made them cry? That’s rare . What did you say?]

[That I won’t be able to see each other if they get lost……]

[Ahh~ I see . So that’s why the pipsqueaks are like that~]

[…… Yes]

Wald-sama looked at the two who were clinging to me as if they were saying “I’m never letting go” with faces that were about to cry .

[Well, there are more people in the capital than anywhere else in the kingdom on top of being really difficult to go in and out~ but, don’t worry! It’s often the case that children who are not familiar with the geography of the town get lost and need to be searched for!]

Wald-sama said such with confidence, but…… was that supposed to be a follow-up?

That’s not a follow-up at all~~~

[Wald-sama, what are you doing fanning the children’s insecurity?]

It’s as Isaac-san said! The children seem like bursting into tears at any moment .

It appears that Isaac-san took on the role of scolding Wald-sama, so I decided to follow-up with the children myself .

[Allen, Elena, it’s all right . Look, shall we go like this for today? We will never separate from each other that way]

[[…… Un]]

It was just feebly, but the two properly nodded, so I felt relieved .

Seriously…… Losing sight, getting lost, I will be careful not to play that hand ever again .

[I’m sorry, Takumi-san . From here on out, Wald-sama will be accompanying you alone as we will go directly to the castle……]

As I was about to finish soothing Allen and Elena in my arms, Isaac-san who apparently finished scolding Wald-sama said to me worriedly while glancing at Wald-sama .

Hahaha~ It appears that we will say farewell to Isaac-san and rest here, but Isaac-san seems really worried to leave us in Wald-sama’s care .

[Don’t worry about it . Well, we will somehow manage even if we separate (from Wald-sama) . I could look for a suitable inn or something]

[Haa? What are you saying?]

[Oh my? Takumi-san, did you not hear by any chance?]

[N?]

Even though the capital is vast, I will be able to find an inn with no guide . When I said such, Wald-sama and Isaac-san looked at me with strange faces .

[Your inn is my place]

[…… Eh!?]

My place, he said…… surely not, the Ruven House!? Ehh~!?

[Wait, I didn’t hear anything about that though-!]

[Did I not tell you?]

That the place we will be staying at has been already decided…… just when was it decided?

[I haven’t heard anything about that! We are fine with an inn]

[There’s no way I can let you stay there]

[…… Is that no good?]

Indeed, we have been taken care of by the Risner House before, so I thought whether it will be the same in the capital, but~ I thought such but~ When staying at the Risner House, we weren’t really restricted and we have been taken care of really well, but you know . I feel much more comfortable at an inn .

[Did you perhaps wanted to stay at a guest room in the castle, Takumi-san? I believe you will be able to stay as the King’s guest of honor, would you like to request a stay?]

[No, I’m fine! It seems that we will be intruding to Wald-sama’s home, so there’s no need to stay at the castle!]

[Oh my, is that so?]

While I was hesitating to stay at the Ruven House, Isaac-san proposed to stay at the castle with a smile . I would like to refrain from that as much as possible, so I immediately refused .

Staying at the castle…… I don’t want to do something so nerve wrecking willingly~

When I refused, Isaac-san made a really nice smile . Ku~~~

That’s right . Isaac-san knew that I would definitely choose the Ruven House over the castle, that’s why he made such proposal . Haa……

This is just how I feel, but if I said[Then, I will go with the castle]Isaac-san would definitely manage to let us stay in the castle .

Therefore, I mustn’t make a wrong choice here!

[Isaac-san, Oswald-san, Mars-kun . We have been in your care]

[No, no, it was us who were taken care of]

[That’s right . You made us delicious food, we have received precious herbs from you……]

[Uwa! That’s not good, is it? Somehow, even the monsters were defeated by Takumi-san’s contracted beasts…… when I think about it, we haven’t done anything!]

When I regrouped my feelings and said goodbye to the three we will be separating from, the three recalled the happenings of the journey .

But well, it’s not like they haven’t done anything, it’s that we have come uninvited in various ways~

[Hahaha~ We have made the meals on our own and you can consider the herbs as wages for labor . Ah, I mean you don’t have to pay or anything, okay?]

[Well, I don’t think that much was enough, so if you have something you are troubled with, I will help you as much as possible so don’t hesitate to contact me anytime]

[I will cooperate if there’s something I might be useful for . Please, call out to me anytime]

[Me too!]

[Thank you very much]

Following Isaac-san, I have also received reliable words from Oswald-san and Mars-kun . During our stay in the capital, I will rely on them without reservation if something comes up .

…… Well, I would prefer if such situation didn’t occur though .

[Well then Allen-kun, Elena-san, we will meet during the audience again, but it’s farewell until then]

[[Un, bye bye~]]

Taking Allen’s and Elena’s farewell as a signal, Isaac-san, Oswald-san, and Mars-kun mounted their horses and departed .

[Well then, we should go as well . The day is still long, should I show you around the town on the way to my house?]

It has been decided that we will go to the Ruven House now, but Wald-sama decided to show us around the town on the way .

That proposal was honestly really good . The town is huge and I don’t have the slightest idea where’s what .

Unfortunately, the map function is blank just like when entering a dungeon, so I will be able to do a bit of mapping while being guided around .

[Hey, let’s go then~]

[Thank you very much]

I’m carrying Allen and Elena in my arms, so Wald-sama started walking with the reins of two horses in his hands . I promptly followed after him and entered the town .

--In fact, at this time, I thought that I will be taught the names of several main streets .

But, Wald-sama guided us around shopping areas and roads where carriages can turn around, he unexpectedly shown us some important places .




Chapter 104

We have arrived at the Ruven House at last .

[Welcome home, Botchan ]

When we entered the Ruven House following after Wald-sama, something shocking happened .

A man wearing a past his middle age wearing a tail coat with tightly combed down hair called Wald-sama “Botchan” when greeting him . Botchan! Wald-sama is Botchan! T, that doesn’t suit him at all, does it~

[Oy, Ivan . Don’t I always tell you to stop calling me Botchan?]

[To this Ivan, Botchan has been Botchan since you were a child . Rather than that Botchan, would you please introduce our guests?]

Apparently, this man called Ivan is a veteran servant that has worked in this Ruven House since Wald-sama’s childhood .

[Yeah, sorry about that . Takumi, this is our butler Ivan . Ivan, this is Takumi who will be staying with us for a while and his little brother Allen and little sister Elena . I informed the old man about it, but]

[Yes, he has been asking for you . Takumi-sama, welcome . I’m a butler called Ivan . I will complete any requests you may have as soon as possible, so please, don’t hesitate to order me]

[I’m Takumi . I will be in your care for a while]

[Thank you for your politeness]

Ivan-san silently bowed once the introductions finished . I have been quite concerned about that, but Wald-sama who was ignorant of my feelings advanced the talk .

[So, what about the old man and Mother? They are home, right?]

[Yes . Dannasama is in his office, Okusama is in the salon]

[Let’s go meet the old man first . Takumi, follow me]

[Ah, yes . --Allen, Elena, come]

[[Yess~]]

After lightly bowing my head to Ivan-san, I briskly chased after Wald-sama . And so, we went towards the office of the head of the Count Ruven family--Wald-sama’s father .

When we arrived before the office, Wald-sama abruptly opened the door and walked inside .

[Oh, Wald, you have returned . Then, is that Takumi-kun?]

[P, pardon my intrustion]

[Welcome . Please come inside]

Wald-sama’s father was sitting at a desk dealing with some documents, but he put the documents on the desk when he saw me and hastily invited me inside .

[Make yourself comfortable . You can talk casually . My name is Matthias . I think you already know, but I’m this stupid son’s father]

[Thank you very much . I’m Takumi . These children are--]

[Allen!]

[Elena!]

After settling down on the sofa I was led to, we exchange greetings .

Whether it was because he’s Wald-sama’s relative, Allen and Elena gave their names cheerfully . It really was just their names, so I thought it might be a good time to step-up their game, so when I told them to attach[I am]next time--

[I am Allen!]

[I am Elena!]

The two introduced themselves on the spot once again . Matthias-sama who saw immediately addressed that .

[Children being lively is the most important . Think of my home as yours and spend your time here at ease]

[Thank you very much, Matthias-sama]

[N~ you are still a bit too stiff]

[Erm……]

The calm expression Matthias-sama had when he looked at Allen and Elena changed completely, turning into a dissatisfied one .

…… But well, I remember having such an exchange before .

It was similar to to the exchange I had with Cedric-san when I visited the Risner House for the first time . There’s ninety percent chance that he didn’t like the way I called him .

[Would it be all right to call you Matthias-san?]

[Yes, of course]

When I called him[Matthias-san]to confirm, Matthias-san immediately smiled .

As I thought, he was dissatisfied with the way I called him .

Rather, Matthias-san’s smiling face--is exactly same as Wald-sama’s, especially his eyes .

Matthias-san’s bright brown leaf-colored eyes is completely different from Wald-sama’s color, and he’s the civil official type which is completely different from Wald-sama’s knight type though .

[Oy, Takumi . Even though you won’t stop attaching -sama to my name, why did you changed the way you call my old man so easily!]

While feeling that those two are certainly a parent and a child, Wald-sama complained .

Wald-sama is apparently also dissatisfied with the way I call him . Well, Wald-sama did tell me to change how I call him when we reunited at Bailey~

[Well~…… I got used to calling you Wald-sama……]

[Change it even if it’s impossible]

[Ehh~]

[Change it!]

It finally turned into coercion…… can’t be helped .

[Wald? Wald-san? --………… Wald-sama]

[Oy?]

[Hahaha~ No~ yeah, it’s not possible]

[…… Oy]

[I’m sorry~]

I tried but as expected…… it doesn’t fit him . Wald-sama is Wald-sama after all~

[You will get eventually used to it even when you change it forcibly . Rather, get used to it!]

[Eeh~]

Do I have to really change it? I think that’s impossible for me though~

[…… Kukuku~]

Seeing such exchange between Wald-sama and me, Matthias-san burst into laughter .

[It’s good you have built such good relationship above all]

It seems that we appear to be on a good terms to Matthias-san .

Wald-sama clicked his tongue and averted his gaze in embarrassment .

[Now then, you must be tired from riding horses all the way here . There’s still some time before dinner . You should rest at the salon]




Chapter 105

There was a woman with same color of hair and eyes as Wald-sama who was relaxing at the salon when we arrived .

Wald-sama is the second son so it’s certain that he has an elder brother, but I wonder if he has a sister too?

[My, my, Wald-san, welcome home]

[Mother, I have returned]

…… It appears that the woman was, in fact, Wald-sama’s mother .

She’s a youthful woman, she doesn’t look at the age where could have given birth to Wald-sama at all .

[This must be Takumi-san . Welcome . My name is Rebecca]

[I’m Takumi . These children are Allen and Elena . We will be intruding for some time, Rebecca-sam……--n]

[Fufufu~]

Rebecca-san apparently also doesn’t like to be called -sama .

The moment I was about to say “Rebecca-sama,” I was glared at very hard, so I changed it to “-san” at the last moment .

Wald-sama glared at me as well, but I ignored him and prompted Allen and Elena to greet Rebecca-san too .

[Allen and Elena, you should say your greetings too]

[I am Allen!]

[I am Elena!]

[[Hello~]]

On the way from Matthias-san’s office to the salon, I taught the children to say[Hello]in addition to[I am], so they were able to properly say their greetings .

Yeah, a good performance, a good performance~ To think the children who would hide behind me when greeting others would come this far, I’m so moved~

[Yes, hello . Fufufu~ What adorable children they are~ That’s right~ Please, call me Obaasama, okay?]

[[Obaa~sama?]]

[Oh my! Very good~]

[…… Mother]

It appears that Rebecca-san is a very playful person .

She’s pleased that Allen and Elena called her “Obaasama,” but wouldn’t you normally be happier if they called you “Oneesama”?

[After all~ I would like to get a grandchild soon~ Wald-san, have you still not found a bride?]

Ahh, I see . Rebecca-san wants a grandchild, huh .

[Please put your expectations on Elder brother who has a wife . They are newly-wed, so that day will come soon]

It seems like a child would be reliably conceived if the[Drops of Blue Rose]I received from Vivian were used, but…… well, since they are newly-wed, they will be surely blessed with a child before long . If there are no signs after several years, I can just give it to them at that time, right?

[You are right . I will wait while taking care of these children until then~]

She decided to take care of Allen and Elena by herself .

Well, I would be thankful if she was affectionate to them . But even now they were clinging to my legs and watching Rebecca who was beckoning them to come over .

[My, my, it seems like more time is necessary before they get used to me]

[For sure . They are shy of strangers by nature . I’m sorry]

[How unfortunate . But, you will stay at our home for a while, they will gradually get used to me]

After that, we decided to have tea with Rebecca-san .

[Takumi, do you have “that”?]

[By “that”, you mean?]

[Ice cream . I want to eat that . Do you have some pre-made?]

[Ah, ice cream, is it? I have, but……]

While drinking the black tea that was served to me, Wald-sama suddenly said that he wants to eat ice cream .

It was a demand for ice cream, but I have some pre-made . When Wald-sama and rest were sleeping after pulling an all-nighter at Alveil, I was bored so I made ice cream with Allen and Elena in our room, so various kinds of ice cream are stored in my《Infinite Storage》 .

[Give me]

[……]

It was quite a concise demand .

[[Aisu~♪]]

[Allen will eat too~]

[Elena wants to eat too~]

At the critical moment, Allen and Elena took advantage of Wald-sama’s request and raised their hands as well .

These two really like ice cream, don’t they~

[It can’t be helped, huh…… I have milk flavor, milk flavor blended with finely crushed nuts, honey flavor, Ichi flavor, and Kahee flavor . Which would you like, Wald-sama?]

[Oh, the variety increased? Let’s see~ Al--]

[Ah, I will say this first, but you can’t get all]

When I asked what flavor he would like, it felt like Wald-sama would say all of them, so I conveyed to him that he can’t get all flavors before it was too late .

[What!? I can’t?]

…… He really was going to ask for all .

[It’s just before dinner, you know? Besides, the children will get an upset stomach if they eat a lot of cold things . Allen and Elena will endure with one flavor, but are you really going to eat all of them in front of them?]

[…… Ou, sorry . I would like the Kahee flavored one]

[Roger]

When I explained that he can’t get all, Wald-sama obediently chose the Kahee flavored ice cream .

Well, his disappointment is very clear to understand . Let’s see~ Another flavor…… let’s give him one milk flavored with nuts too .

[Allen, Elena, what would you like~?]

[Allen, honey~]

[Elena, I~chi~]

Allen and Elena want honey and Ichi, huh~ It would be unfair if only Wald-sama got two kinds, so let’s give the two a bigger serving of the flavors they chose~

[Say, what is this ice cream? Won’t you explain to me?]

[It’s a cold sweet dessert . Would you like to try it as well, Rebecca-san?]

[My, is that fine? Then, could I have Takumi-san’s recommendation?]

[Yes, I understand]

Since it’s Rebecca-san’s first time eating ice cream, let’s go with the common milk flavor and Ichi flavor that women seem would like .

I immediately retrieved ice cream from the《Infinite Storage》, and scooped the two flavors into a bowl . I need that thing . The clickety-click… thing for scooping out ice cream . Would a blacksmith understand if I explained it a bit? Let’s confirm before long .

[Thank you for waiting]

[[Yay~]]

The four promptly begin eating the ice cream .

[It’s my first time eating, but it’s very delicious]

It suited Rebecca-san’s tastes and she ate very elegantly, but her pace was quick .

[Our chefs have to quickly learn how to make this]

[My, Wald-san . Have it been decided that Takumi-san will teach you how?]

[Rather than teaching me, he has already given me the recipe]

[Oh my, really? That is delightful, but Takumi-san, is that really fine? Wald-san didn’t extort you, did he?]

Eh? E, extort she says…… Rebecca-san, do you believe that your own son would do something like that?

[I, it’s fine . Besides the Ruven House, I thought the ice cream recipe to another three noble houses . But well, I taught them only the milk flavor recipe . I have decided to each house come up with their own flavor idea]

[Oh my, is that so? That’s good then, but…… since this is something I haven’t eaten nor heard about before, isn’t this Takumi-san’s invention?]

[You could say that……?]

To be accurate, that’s wrong~ What is this…… is it a mistake to bring such things into this world?

[But, I have no intention of hiding it, rather, it would be more convenient if it spread around]

Hiding it would be inviting trouble after all~ I would like to avoid that .

Moreover, I would like to eat ice cream anywhere . But well, it’s not like the act of freezing can be done everywhere in this world, so it might be impossible after all .

[My, is that so? Then, would it be all right for me to introduce it at an open tea party?]

[Yes, I don’t mind . But, I would like to refrain from proactive guidance]

[Yes, yes . We will have our chefs do their best . Oh dear, I somehow got very excited . Takumi-san, you will instruct them on the milk flavored one, right? After they are able to do that, I will have them do their best at this Ichi ice cream!]

[The Kahee flavored one was a bit bitter, but it worked as it was tasty]

[That also sounds tasty, doesn’t it? In that case, we will have to do our best at the Kahee one too~ Fufu, how fun~]

Rebecca-san and Wald-san got excited while discussing what flavors of ice cream the chefs should make for a while .

While listening and drinking my tea, a messenger arrived as the schedule for the audience with the King has been decided .

Surprisingly! The audience seems to be scheduled for tomorrow .




Chapter 106

And, the next day .

[Well then, Takumi-san, shall we go?]

Isaac-san whom I will have the audience together with is not wearing his regular knight uniform, noble-like clothes . Well, we also aren’t wearing our usual casual clothes, but considerably high-class clothes .

I didn’t think about the clothes to wear during the audience, but Cedric-san contacted Matthias-san beforehand, so the clothes were already prepared when we arrived at the Ruven House . Our physiques have been told to a clothing store which prepared several outfits, so we hurriedly tried them on after the messenger arrived . And finally, we did last-minute adjustments to the outfits we thought were the best .

Although overwhelmed, we were dressed nicely in no time .

I’m wearing black slacks and white shirt, a dark gray long jacket on top . Allen has a frilly white shirt and a navy blue shorts with suspenders . Elena is dressed in an embroidered pink dress with frills .

Wearing outfits that were tailored to fit us perfectly, we boarded the carriage .

[[Amazing~]]

[Isn’t it? Looking at it from up close, it looks even more amazing~]

We looked out of the carriage’s window while gradually approaching the castle .

I have seen a few Japanese castles, but it’s my first time seeing a western style castle . It had a solemn atmosphere from afar, but it’s a masterpiece when seen from up close .

There seem to be various procedures to enter the castle, but everything was left to Isaac-san, so we kept advancing .

[This is it . As for the manners, it should be fine if you follow my movements]

[I understand . Allen, Elena, you have to be quiet when inside, okay?]

[[Yess~]]

The room we entered was a large hall made of stone with a deep crimson carpet layed out on the floor and I caught a sight of extravagant chairs in the most elevated place . One noticeably more gorgeous in the center, with slightly smaller chairs on both sides . The chair in the center is most likely the King’s, while the ones on the side are the queen’s and/or prince’s . This certainly has the feel of an “audience hall” to it .

There are a few people that I think are noblemen and knight guards in the hall, but…… the eyes of those people are examining us without holding back . It’s a very unpleasant atmosphere .

Because of this atmosphere, Allen and Elena are thoroughly glued to me . I pat the two’s heads in comfort . I seem to be tense to some extent too, so they became my anxiety medicine as well .

[His Majesty is arriving]

After a short time, one of the knights conveyed such words, making Isaac-san and other people fall to their knees in a respectful bow . Following Isaac-san, I dropped to one knee and lowered my head . Allen and Elena imitated me and make the same posture, although a bit clumsy . Well, it doesn’t change the fact that they are glued to me .

Elena--what do girls do again in this situation? A lady’s bow…… courtesy? Or was it curtsy?

Pulling one leg back, pinching the skirt and bowing? I think that should be it, but…… oh well . They wouldn’t blame me for this, would they?

[Good . Lift your heads and make yourself comfortable]

I heard the footsteps of several people, and when they stopped just in front, a voice resounded around the hall .

When I lifted my head in accordance to those words, I saw a man in his forties with bright blonde hair wrapped in luxurious clothes .

Royalty = beauty seems to hold true as the man in front of me was a handsome middle-aged man . I’m sure he was popular with women in his youth .

Both chairs at the King’s sides were empty, but one man was standing beside the King . It was a middle-aged man with a seemingly strict atmosphere, a grizzled blonde hair swept back, dressed in all black with sharp eyes and glasses . If we go with the pattern, he would probably be a prime minister or something .

[Hmm . So you are the adventurer who discovered the dungeon in Bailey . Excuse me for summoning you all of sudden . I’m the King of the Guardia, Tristan]

[I’m serving as the prime minister, my name is Ford]

The King addressed me in a very amicable manner . He seems like a very gentle person, but as a King of a country, I’m sure he’s not simply a gentle character~

When the King finished speaking, the man who stood at his side introduced himself . It seems he’s the prime minister just as I thought .

[It’s an honor to meet you . I’m Takumi, an adventurer . These children are Allen and Elena]

[[…… Uniyu~]]

[Ah…… I’m sorry about this]

When I introduced the children after introducing myself, Allen and Elena suddenly hid behind my back . N~ With so many gazes on them, they aren’t able to do the greetings like they did with Rebecca-san, huh~ Well, there’s nothing I can do about that .

[Kuku . It’s fine . I won’t get upset at the young]

[Thank you for your generosity]

The King smiled warmly without blaming the children’s actions . When he makes such an expression, he looks even easier to talk with .

It really helps that he’s tolerant towards the children, but…… but you see~ it’s not like I’m able to hold a proper conversation either . Speaking with[desu][masu]is my limit . I don’t know the proper etiquette when speaking with a King~ Well, he’s aware that I’m just an adventurer, so I would want him to forgive me to a certain degree .

[I would like to reward you at once, but I have to speak with Risner first . Wait a moment please]

[Yes]

When I acknowledged, the King’s gaze fell upon Isaac-san who was next to me .

[Good work . You are one of the knights if I’m not mistaken?]

[He’s of the Royal Guards, isn’t he?]

Eh? Isaac-san was a Royal Guard? I, I didn’t know……

Surprised by the prime minister’s words, I turned my head towards Isaac-san without thinking .

That reminds me, I didn’t hear the reason why Isaac-san was transferred from Shirin to the Royal Capital~ Hee~ So he became a Royal Guard . Royal Guard basically means the elite, right? That’s amazing .

N? Wald-sama is in the hall as a guard too, but the color of the uniform he’s wearing changed from dark blue to white . Because the knights I saw on the way and the knights at the door were wearing the familiar dark blue uniforms it doesn’t seem that the knights on the castle duty wear white uniforms……

Then, are those in white uniforms the Royal Guards……? Ehh!? Then, Wald-sama became a Royal Guard too?

Should we celebrate their promotion? N~ Let’s consult Matthias-san and Rebecca-san when this is over .

[Yes . I have become one of the Royal Guards the other day, my name is Isaac Risner . Originally, my elder brother who is the Risner Feudal Lord should have come, but I came in his place . First of all, I apologize in the Feudal Lord’s stead for he couldn’t come personally]

[It’s absolutely necessary to settle down the newly discovered dungeon in the Risner territory as soon as possible . It would be foolish for the feudal lord Count Risner to leave his territory at this important time . Don’t mind it]

While I was deep in thoughts, the conversation between the King and Isaac-san advanced .

Isaac-san has gotten permission to come in Cedric-san’s stead prior to his visit, but this exchange is apparently necessary for the other nobles to hear .

When the typical greetings finished, Isaac-san reported about the Dungeon of Ripples, including the information he obtained beforehand . Well, this was also to inform the people gathered in the hall .

[Continue working hard for the country in the future]

[Yes, I’m willing to serve]

[Hmm . Takumi-dono, sorry to keep you waiting . Well then, shall we talk about the rewards?]

The report ended with truly harmless and bland information .

And then, we moved to talk about our rewards .




Chapter 107

[Before that Your Majesty, I have something I would like to ask if you allow it]

[Fumu, I don’t mind . What is it?]

With His Majesty’s permission, I decided to confirm what was on my mind all this time .

[Erm…… do you have some other guards besides those standing near the walls, I wonder? There are several people who in hiding who are watching us, but?]

[What? Is that the truth!?]

Huh? His Majesty appears to be shocked?

I looked at the prime minister because of His Majesty’s panicked state, but he also appears to be unaware as he was shaking his head .

[Takumi-dono, is what you said just now the truth? Is it not just your misunderstanding?]

The prime minister seems to think that it was just my imagination .

[That’s unlikely]

From the looks of the two, it doesn’t seem like the two are just trying to distract me from the existences within the shadows…… n~ If they are not His Majesty’s pieces, then spies?

Ah but, they might not be foreign spies, but spies of this country’s nobles?

[There~]

[Over there too~]

[Ah…… yeah, that’s right]

Allen and Elena have naturally noticed the existences within the shadows . They are pointing with their fingers at them……

First of all, I pat the two’s heads and lower their pointing hands .

The people within the shadows showed some movements when the two pointed at them with their fingers, but…… they didn’t leave . Their place was accurately pinpointed, but are they thinking it will be all right because it was kids who did it?

However, I don’t know when will they escape, so I knead my magical power into the wind and send it towards them so I could restrict them anytime . Now then, what are we going to do from now on?

[…… It wouldn’t be good to leave them as they are, right?]

[Takumi-san, would you be able to capture them? We don’t know whose subordinates they are, so I would like to ask if you could capture them without killing if possible]

When I asked Isaac-san who was next to me in a low voice, he asked me to capture them alive .

[Well, there’s only three so I will manage somehow]

I entwine the wind I sent in around the targets and restrict them in order to prevent their escape .

[Umm…… Wald-sama, there’s one on the left behind His Majesty, can I leave it to you?]

[…… Oh, I see . Leave it to me]

The restriction was a success, but because he was on the platform and right behind His Majesty at that, I couldn’t possibly capture that person myself, so I asked Wald-sama to capture him .

Wald-sama explained only simply, but he still received His Majesty’s permission, so he moved into action .

[Your Majesty, Prime Minister, someone is certainly here]

[Guh]

Wald-sama dragged along a person who was completely dressed in black . His consciousness didn’t seem to completely recover, so he let out a groan when Wald-sama constricted him .

[To truly be there……]

Understanding that it was the truth that people were lurking around, shocked voices leaked from the surroundings .

[There are two more in the ceiling, but…… from where can you enter above the ceiling?]

[Is it safe to go secure those people?]

[Yes, they have been restricted with magic so they won’t escape, but it should be fine if you take into consideration that they are still conscious……]

[I understand]

The prime minister quickly gave instructions and the knights went to capture the men in black .

Because this and that, the hall was in an uproar for a while . I think it’s because we have shown our abilities in such weird place, but there are more gazes on us than when we have entered .

The spies didn’t show any bloodthirst, so they must have been there to gather intelligence . That’s why it might have been fine to leave them alone, but I couldn’t help but be concerned about the hidden gazes~

I would rather be surrounded by the gazes of the people in the hall . Is what I thought, but…… as I thought, those are also annoying in their own way~

[Your Majesty, Prime Minister, we have safely captured them]

[Good work]

A short time later, the Knights came back with the two restricted men . It seems the men above the ceiling were safely captured .

[So they also were in there]

[…… It appears that way]

His Majesty and the prime minister let out sighs .

[Takumi-dono, sorry for the trouble]

[Forgive us for doubting you]

[Ah, no . I have said something so abrupt all of sudden, so I believe your judgment was inevitable]

I got apologized to . They are people of a great status, but they are not haughty at all . Generally, someone of their status would be definitely doubtful of everything . Well~ they give off a good feeling~

[I’m thankful you said so]

[At any rate, Takumi-dono . It appears that you are used to dealing with people who lurk in the shadows]

Ah~ they would ask about that after all~

[I was able to distinguish their presences]

[Presences, huh…… that’s incredible]

[I see . As expected of a high-ranked adventurer]

His Majesty and the prime minister seem to have quickly accepted it . But, at that time--

[Your Majesty! To distinguish the presences of those hidden in shadows, that’s by no means possible! That person is surely lying! He surely discovered the spies he prepared himself to do a meritorious deed in front of His Majesty!]

[……]

A short and stout man stepped forward and started criticizing me .

Lying, he said…… how rude~ I have skills like【Presence Detection】and【Detection】, so I’m able to completely deny his accusations……

[Count Tugal, you mustn’t say something like that without evidence]

[Indeed . I don’t think it’s a good idea to decide that by yourself]

The short and stout man is apparently a count . Unexpectedly a high-ranked noble . Rather, aren’t most of the nobles here high-ranked?

Still…… he’s accusing me of performing a part in my own play to do a meritorious deed, but I, unfortunately, don’t have any motive for that . As of now, I don’t think of buttering up the country or His Majesty .

In the first place, isn’t there a considerable amount of risk by catching your own spies?

There is nobody who would accept a job on the assumption that he will get caught and had to become a sacrificial pawn in silence . Well, “Anything for my Master!” subordinates exist, so it’s quite possible, but still…… he’s currently suspicious that I’m playing a part in my own play, so this is unrelated at the moment .

Rather, in this case, the person who tries to accuse others is more suspicious . I mean--

[Isn’t it almost as if his spies got caught, so he’s hurrying to place the crime on others?]

When I absentmindedly whisper without thinking, the surrounding gazes focus on me for a moment and then all move at Count Tugal .

I intended to say it in a low voice, but the audience hall was silent, so it resounded rather well .

[I, it isn’t me!!]

[…… Count Tugal?]

[T, that’s a false accusation!!]

Count Tugal started panicking when all of the gazes gathered at him and begun insisting on his innocence . Nobody said anything, though……

[Eh, Your Majesty!]

Count Tugal desperately appealed to His Majesty, but this desperateness made him seem even more suspicious .

[Your Majesty, it would be all right to interrogate the captured people in detail, yes?]

[Yes . Take those guys with you and investigate their backgrounds]

[Ha]

His Majesty nodded to the prime minister’s words and the Knights took the three restricted men out of the audience hall .

[Count Tugal, take the responsibility of carelessly causing a disturbance in this place and leave for today]

[…… !!]

With His Majesty’s order, Count Tugal unwillingly left the hall . I felt that he glared at me for a moment when he was leaving…… it would be nice if we didn’t get dragged into something troublesome later, but……




Chapter 108

[I intended to reward you for discovering a dungeon, but…… you have participated in arresting an illegal merchant in the Gaya Forest . And now you have apprehended spies . We have to increase the rewards, don’t we……]

[That seems to be the case]

[Money won’t be enough for this…… fumu, what do we do?]

[……]

As Count Tugal said, the discovery of spies has become my meritorious deed . They, therefore, intend to add to the reward they planned to give me, but…… they really don’t have to~ I mean, I pointed those fellows out because their gazes annoyed me .

But, because it’s not like I can speak honestly here, I decided to wait in silence for the things to take its own course .

[Takumi-dono, how about it? Is there something you desire?]

[…… No, nothing in particular]

Just when I was going to carry through the indifference, His Majesty addressed me .

Something I desire, huh…… nothing that I would require from the country floats on my mind…… or does it?

[…… Ah!]

No, it’s not limited to “things”!

[It appears you came up with something . Speak]

[Is that all right?]

[I don’t mind . I won’t know if I can grant it to you until I hear what you have to say . However, I will remind you that impossible things are impossible]

Well, that is a just reasoning . I’m not trusted enough to the extent where they would immediately agree to my reckless demands . It would be better if you have said that from the beginning, that would be easier for me as well . Let’s give it a try and ask since there’s nothing to lose~

[In that case, would it be possible for me to request an authorization to decline an employment invitation from the nobility and answer to those with forcible measures in the same way?]

It would be bothersome if I was told[What do you think you are to decline a nobility’s request!]or[Disrespectful!]when declining an invitation . If possible, I would like a definite permission to counterattack if the opponent starts a fight too, but…… if the counterattack would be considered a legitimate self-defense, it will be easier to settle the matter afterward .

If this request gets accepted, avoiding trouble in the future would be slightly easier .

[Fumu…… I see . That is indeed a necessary thing . Let’s see…… first of all, let’s make both the Risner and Ruven families your guardianship . Both sides don’t mind, do you?]

[Matthias Ruven complies]

[Risner House as well]

[…… Eh?]

[Are you dissatisfied?]

[N, No! Not at all]

…… Huhh? Why did it turn into such a serious matter?

I thought he would tell me[Approved]or[Aye, alright]if he accepted my request, but he made the Ruven House and Risner House officially our guardianship for some reason . Well~ we get along with both families, but you see…… mmm~…… that was really unexpected .

[The two might be only of a count rank, but it’s better than entrusting you to a stranger, right? Also, let’s see…… Ruven House and Risner House, I give you the authority of the rank next to the Royal Family for Takumi-dono related matters . I don’t want to think that those above the rank of count would cause trouble, but just in case . With Count Risner being currently in his fief, I will entrust the full rights to Count Ruven for now . Keep that in mind]

[Certainly]

The authority of the rank next to the Royal Family means that even the opponents from the Ducal and Marquis houses would be silenced .

Still…… I can’t keep up with this dizzyingly advancing talk . While feeling a bit shook up, Isaac-san patted my shoulder .

[It will be fine, Takumi-san]

[Hee?]

[Nothing much will change]

[Yes?]

[It’s only that what my Elder brother did for you in Bailey, he now can do throughout the entire country]

[…… Haha]

Is this a good thing…… I wonder? No, it’s a good thing?

Yeah, I’m at loss just by minding it . Let’s just obediently accept it as if the annoying things in Guardia decreased .

[However…… that’s still not enough…… right, I will let you take one thing of your liking from the treasury . Well, except the objects we consider national treasures]

The surroundings became noisy with His Majesty’s words .

Next seems to be an item from the treasury . Ermm…… it should have ended with my request, though~

I mean, the authority next to the Royal Family, there was some noise because of those words, but a noise that can’t even be compared to that is happening . That means the treasury might have some considerably incredible items . Wow~ it seems like receiving something from there would cause a backlash .

[There are many armors, jewels and magic tools in the treasury . There should be something that would be to Takumi-dono’s liking]

[Eh, Your Majesty! Isn’t it a bit too much to give a reward from the treasury just for a dungeon discovery and the meritorious deed from a little while ago?]

Even if I don’t take anything, I would like to check what magic tools they have~ while carefreely thinking such, one of the noblemen raised his voice in objection . Then, other voices rose to follow after the first one .

Hmm~ as I thought, would it be better not to receive it?

[Did you not hear my words? His achievements are not only that]

[We heard . However!]

[A compensation for A-rank Evil Viper subjugation, isn’t one or two items from the treasury cheap?]

[Wha! Evil Viper!!]

I could hear[Town of Shirin]or[The origin of the Evil Viper material flowing through the market]whispers from the surroundings . Apparently, even though they were able to grasp the information of Evil Viper material flowing through the market, they weren’t able to track it back to me .

[Even though the place of the encounter was the Gaya Forest, it’s next by our country’s side . If not for Takumi-dono subjugating the Evil Viper, the knights who were sent on the expedition to the Gaya Forest would be annihilated . That would cause a serious damage to our country]

[T, that’s……]

Not being able to argue against His Majesty’s explanation, the noble raised a groaning voice .

[Well then, it’s decided . --Prime Minister]

[Yes . I will prepare a list later on and Takumi-dono will choose from among that, would that be all right with you?]

[Takumi-dono, you don’t mind, do you?]

[N, no]

…… I lost the timing to refuse .

Well, since the opposition from the surroundings decreased, would it be safe to accept?

[Takumi-dono, I have troubled you on this occasion . Receiving your reward in another room after this]

[Thank you very much]

When I lowered my head to express gratitude, His Majesty left the hall .

With this, the audience came to an end . I’m glad it ended safely(?) .




Chapter 109

The moment we left the audience hall, we were taken to some private room . After waiting there together with Isaac-san for a while, His Majesty and the prime minister who finished the audience a moment ago entered with a few knight guards . I have tried to stand up from the chair in a hurry, but I timidly sat back when His Majesty signaled me with his hand .

[There are no unnecessary eyes in here, so you can act as usual without worries . If you have something to say then say it without holding back]

[Thank you very much, Your Majesty]

[Fumu . This is not an official occasion, so I won’t mind if you call me Tristan]

[U, umm…… Your Majesty Tristan?]

When His Majesty sat facing me, his first words were about my attitude . Act as usual he said, even though this person is the head of a country…… is that fine? Moreover, I received permission to call him by name .

His Majesty’s gaze was saying “give it a try” and when I tried, an obvious frown formed on his face…… it seems he didn’t like it .

[…… Tristan-sama]

[Umu]

When I tried calling him again without using his title, his frown faded away in satisfaction .

What to say…… there are many friendly people among the Guardia country’s royalty and nobility? All the people I became friendly with wanted me to call them by their names…… No, there are people like Baron Gilbert who caused trouble in Shirin and Count Tugal, so it’s most likely just a coincidence .

[Conrad]

[Yes . Well then, Takumi-dono . First of all, please accept this]

“Who?” Is what I thought when Tristan-sama called the unfamiliar name, but it seems he was addressing the prime minister . Come to think of it, Ford must be his house’s name . Conrad must be his first name .

When the prime minister gave instructions to a knight holding a leather bag, gashari, such metallic noise resounded the moment he placed it on top of the table . It appears to be money, but there seems to be considerably a lot as the noise was quite loud .

[…… Isn’t there too many?]

There should be a considerable amount even if it was in gold coins…… there definitely aren’t large gold coins or platinum coins inside…… are they? I’m afraid to look .

[It’s a proper amount . Receive it without reserve]

Even if you say that, it’s not like I can receive it without reserve .

I turned my gaze towards Isaac-san to seek help, but Isaac-san disappeared from the place he was supposed to be at . He apparently moved to stay behind me in a casual manner when Tristan-sama and others entered .

[…… When did you move away?]

I seriously didn’t notice . I have thought so before, but…… does the Risner House has a【Stealth】skill that can’t be detected with my【Appraisal】?

Well, Tristan-sama and others who entered were on my mind while last time I was absorbed in thinking about curry so that might be it, but~

[Rather than that, Takumi-dono . It’s His Majesty’s kindness, receive it gratefully]

[…… Yes]

I couldn’t expect a help, so after thanking Tristan-sama and the prime minister once more, I put the leather bag on my person .

[Then, please receive this as well]

When I was about to confirm the money I received, the prime minister presented a palm-sized box next .

[Erm…… this is?]

[This is a medal of honor]

[T, thank you very much]

When I open the box and look inside, there was a platinum-colored medal .

It was about the size of the bottom of a juice can .

The pattern was of a lion which symbolizes the Guardia country . On the back, there were engraved accomplished exploits(?), dates, and name . The discovery of a dungeon was engraved on the back in my case .

Apparently, those who subjugate a dragon which attacked a town, or a person who saved many people with their healing, etc . receive such medal from the country . Being able to receive this medal is apparently a very honorable thing .

[And this would be the storage list of the treasury]

When thinking it was finally over, I was handed over the treasury’s catalog .

[Although this is the storage list, it can’t be taken out of the castle, so you have to either decide here or it will be prepared ahead of time on your next visit]

N~ there are many items on the list that was handed to me, so it’s difficult to decide just by skimming through . I might as well decide after a careful consideration .

However, Tristan-sama surely isn’t so free to wait on me until I decide, so would it be better to decide at a later date~?

[I’m sorry . It would take time to confirm what’s what, so it would be difficult to decide right away]

[Then, you don’t mind leaving this for later?]

[Yes . Let’s do that]

I returned the list for now .

[Fumu . Although on hold, all rewards have been handed over]

[Yes, thank you very much . Then, is it all right for me to go next? Originally, I planned to send a word first, but I wanted to bring it and hand it over personally since it’s an article of the dungeon……]

[Ohh, I’m grateful for that . Let’s take a look at once]

I didn’t think I could meet His Majesty in a private place like this, so I thought of having the item prepared by the official castle staff or ultimately by Isaac-san . But, when I brought up the subject because there was an opportunity to hand it over directly, Tristan-sama cheerfully accepted .

[This is it . Please, take a look]

I have taken out the bottled brandy from my《Infinite Storage》at once . For now, it’s one of the several bottles . I can’t display several bottles in here .

[What is it?]

[It’s alcohol called brandy]

[Hou, alcohol? It’s my first time hearing about alcohol with such name]

Tristan-sama must like alcohol as he looked at the bottle with great interest . But, at that time--

[[That, it’s not delish~]]

[Eh? You guys-!?]

[N?]

Allen and Elena made an unthinkable remark while pointing at the bottle I took out .

Since brandy is alcohol it certainly didn’t suit the two’s tastes, but I would like them to stop making such remarks in a place like this…… Tristan-sama is looking at the children with a wondering face .

[…… I, I’m sorry . Actually, there was an incident where the two tasted the alcohol when I took my eyes off of them…… umm, it’s a considerably strong alcohol, so it didn’t suit the children’s taste…… anyhow, it’s taste has been guaranteed]

I followed up the children’s words in panic .

I wouldn’t want His Majesty to think that I offered him something unappetizing after all!

[Ah, I see . Weak fruit wine aside, strong alcohol wouldn’t suit a child’s taste . Haha, so that’s why they made such statement]

Tristan-sama seemed to understand my explanation, so I was able to avoid a strange misunderstanding .

[So, is one of the Risner’s who guaranteed the taste?]

[Umm……]

[Yes, my elder brother tasted it beforehand and judged it wasn’t be lacking to be presented to His Majesty]

Isaac-san replied before me .

[Hou…… I’m looking forward to tasting it . Conrad, how about giving it a try with me tonight?]

[It seems to be precious, would that be all right?]

[Ah, I have prepared several bottles, so you can store it in a proper place later]

[Is what he said]

[Then, I will accept and partake]

It appears that Tristan-sama and the prime minister decided to drink tonight . I hope it will suit their tastes .

[Allen wants to eat cream bread~]

[Elena wants Anpan~]

Allen and Elena suddenly demanded snacks .

Because Tristan-sama and others throw off their strict auras, the two children’s normal mood returned .

[Cream bread? And Anpan? What is that? Judging by their names, they seem to be pastry, but……]

Tristan-sama reacted to Allen’s and Elena’s words again .

[Ah~ you see……--]

Tristan-sama said he would like to eat them when I explained what they are, so we had a pastry-tea time for some reason . Tristan-sama was very pleased with the pastry to a point of blank amazement, so I decided to teach the castle’s chefs .

…… I thought that there won’t be many opportunities to visit the castle again, but I seem to have made a few chances for a visit .




Chapter 110

The audience with the king finished, and we, who returned from the visit of the castle, decided to wander around the capital .

I decided to go to the clothing shop first to order the coats I promised to Allen and Elena .

This shop prepared the clothes for the audience . At that time, I was choosing from ready-made clothes, but the shop apparently works on orders from scratch .

[Welcome . --Oh my, customer is if I’m not mistaken Ruven House’s……]

[Yes, I was in your care the other day]

When we entered the store, a familiar middle-aged woman welcomed us .

She is the seamstress who adjusted the sizes of the clothes when choosing the clothes at the Ruven House and she’s also the wife of this shop’s manager .

[I’m glad I could be of help]

[I came with a tailoring request today . Those clothes were very comfortable to wear, so]

[Oh dear! Thank you very much . I’m glad you said so~]

When I praised the clothes from the other day, she smiled in delight .

[Then, what kind of article does the customer demands?]

[I would like to order a winter coat for these children]

[Coats, I see . Please, leave it to our shop by all means]

When the Mistress pleasantly agreed--

[Allen, Joule!]

[Elena, Feat!]

[Oh my?]

Allen and Elena cheerfully started insisting on the design of their coats .

But, the Mistress puzzledly tilted her head to the two’s words . Well, of course, the meaning won’t convey by saying “Joule” and “Feat” after all~

[I’m sorry . They want the same ears as animals attached to the hood]

[Then, Joule and Feat refers to names of your pets or something?]

[Yes, that’s right . Might I request to have it done?]

[Fufu . Of course, I will attach lovely ears to the hoods]

[Thank you very much . --Allen, Elena, she says that she will properly attach ears to the hoods]

[[Yay~]]

Eared hoods seems to be okay as well . When I told Allen and Elena that she will attach the ears, they raised both of their hands in delight .

[Well then, shall we chose the fabric first? Since we are talking about winter coats, then a thick skin with fur would be all right, yes? What would be good?]

[Ah, I have fur that I would like you to use, would you mind using that?]

[My? May I see what kind of fur it is?]

[Yes . Umm…… this is it]

I retrieved the Water Bear fur fron《Infinite Storage》and showed it to the Mistress .

[Is this perhaps…… Water Bear fur? How wonderful~ It’s quite impossible to find fur this big without any cuts]

[Is that so?]

[Yes, Water Bear fur has is water and cold resistant so it’s a material with a great affinity to coats, but they are always damaged during its subjugation . That’s why it’s rare to see one that is this undamaged . Furthermore, large furs are very bulky, right? Therefore, even if obtained, they are cut into smaller pieces in order to make them easier to carry]

I see . People who are able to use《Infinite Storage》are few and even if one has a magic bag, the bag’s capacity might not be enough for the fur . If that were the case, then you would want to make the bulky fur easier to carry .

[May I ask you where have you obtained an article this fine?]

[Sure . I obtained this in the Dungeon of Ripples]

[My, that’s if I’m not mistaken…… the recently rumored one?]

[That’s right . It’s from the newly discovered dungeon]

N? I suddenly have a thought…… for example, if you defeat a Water Bear in the dungeon by chopping it into pieces . At that time, will the dropped item of the fur be also chopped up into smaller pieces?

Or will you obtain a fur as large as we did?

N~ We fundamentally defeat monsters without injuring them too much, don’t we~ The method of defeating monsters might or might not have influence on drop items . I can’t help but be curious after such thought crossed my mind . Let’s verify it next time we enter a dungeon .

[I have obtained it there . I think it won’t be this early, but it’s possible materials from that dungeon will appear soon]

[My! That is a good news . Water Bears are monsters that don’t appear in Guardia that much, so it’s quite difficult to obtain their materials! I have to quickly send a person to Bailey to obtain them!]

Ah, but, we have started encountering Water Bears only at the fifteenth floor . I wonder what floor other adventurers have advanced to?

But well, although not detailed, I have reported information about the dungeon, so it should be fine?

Adventurers should be reaching the floor with the Water Bears soon . At that time, there’s no doubt that the materials will start circulating around the market .

[…… Erm]

[My, I’m sorry . Rather than that, the coats for these children, right? A fur this large will be enough for the two’s coats . What to do about the color? Should I keep it blue or do you want me to dye it with another color?]

[So it’s possible to dye it, I see]

[Yes, we have many dyes, so we can dye it in any color you would like]

Hee~ so they can dye it in any color we wish, huh~ I thought natural dyes would be mainstream in this world, but there seems to be another method . There should be colors that are impossible to make with natural dyes .

[Allen, Elena, you can apparently choose your favorite color of the coats . What color would you like them to be?]

[[Color~?]]

[That’s right]

[Joule’s?]

[Feat’s?]

Yeah, I should have known . They want to make it Joule-ish and Feat-ish in all aspects .

[I see . --I’m sorry, could you make them look as Fenrir and Celestial Tiger, respectively?]

[…… Eh? Customer…… you have talked about pets a little while ago, but are you keeping a Fenrir and a Celestial Tiger?]

[T, they are similar, extremely . It’s a bluish-white dog and white cat with black stripes!]

[Oh my, is that so?]

[Yes, that is so!]

Oopsy, close, so close . I was careless . But, I properly deceived her, right?

[Bluish-white might be difficult, right? Besides, white with black stripes might be troublesome…… I will pay as much as you ask for it, so could I ask you to do it?]

[It might take a while, but leave both of them to our shop please]

[Really!? Thank you very much!]

I’m glad . It seems I will be able to keep my promise with Allen and Elena .

[[Will make~?]]

[Yes, it will be complete before it gets cold, so look forward to it, okay?]

[[Un!]]

Allen and Elena were frolicking about the coats that will match Joule and Feat and showed sparkling smiles after hearing the Mistress’ words .

[Fufu, looks like I will have to make it with passion]

The Mistress looked at Allen’s and Elena’s smiles and closed her eyes as if smiling .

[Then, may I take the children’s measurements? I used only approximate size the last time, so I would like to take precise measurements]

[Yes, please do so . --Allen, Elena, your measurements need to be taken, so come over here~]

[[Yess~]]

The two lined up before the Mistress and she took their measurements .

[Yes, this is the last one . Thank you for your hard work]

[[Hard work~]]

[Allen, Elena . It’s: Thank you]

[[Thank you~]]

[Fufu . You are welcome]

When the measurements were taken, Allen and Elena turned towards the Mistress themselves and spoke to her .

They really grew over this short period of time, didn’t they~

[The children’s size will be fine with this . Is it fine for me not to make customer’s--Oniisama’s coat?]

[Ahh~…… Please make one for me as well . Would one piece of fur of the same size be all right?]

[Yes, it will, but…… you still have more?]

[Yes, I have a few--]

[Won’t you sell them to our store!?]

[……]

How many times have I been jumped because of the materials…… so it’s Water Bear fur this time, huh~

I said “a few” but I actually have quite a lot . However, well, rather than letting out so many, selling two or three shouldn’t be a problem, right?

Thinking such, including the piece for my coat, I took out three pieces of fur .

[My, my, my! How delightful~ I will make Customer’s order the top priority! Now then, let’s take Oniisama’s measurements!]

The Mistress who got excited by the furs I took out started taking my measurements .




Chapter 111

When leaving the store after negotiating the price, we resumed our stroll around the royal capital .

[Now then, where shall we go next?]

[[Ntone~ snacks~!]]

[Oh my? Are you hungry?]

[[N~? Hungry~?]]

[I see, then shall we eat something light?]

[[Un!]]

Although I said that, there are no stores that sell something to appease your stomach like sweets shop or coffee shop in this world .

[What to do……]

[[Dorayaki~]]

[Eh, you are fine with dorayaki?]

[[Un!]]

I see, dorayaki, huh? If it’s dorayaki then I have pre-made ones, let’s find some quiet place to eat~ While thinking such--

At that moment, I heard something akin to a lover’s quarrel coming from ahead of us .

[Isn’t it fine, Carna]

[No, it isn’t! Release me!]

It seems that a male, grey dog-man or maybe a wolf-man is obstinately trying to court a blonde, cute-looking girl . Well, she quite clearly rejected him, though .

The Beastmen of Aetherdia are a race with human appearances and animal ears and tails, so they look close to a race of cosplayers to me .

There are apparently Beastmen with animal head and limbs too, but that the result of Beastmen specific skill called【Beastification】 . This【Beastification】skill has stages, and at the first stage, they turn into human-looking, bipedaling beasts . They apparently turn completely into beasts at the second stage . The sense of hearing and smell during【Beastification】become sharper and their physical strenght increases, so the skill is commonly used during a battle .

Therefore, most of the beastman are in their human forms within the towns .

I would like to witness the moment of transformation from nearby once, but that’s an impossible talk without any beastmen friends .

[Kya!]

[Oopsy]

[I, I’m sorry]

[No, are you all right? You are not injured, are you?]

[I, I am fine]

The girl the beastman was approaching stumbled towards me, so I promptly caught her .

Eh, oh my? Those ears…… aren’t they little longer and pointer?

I was a bit curious, so when I used【Appraisal】, the girl’s race came up as Half-elf .

Elves, the indispensable race in fantasy . The characteristic fair-skin and long ears, a race that excels in magic, was it? This girl seems to be a mix of human and that very elven race .

[Oy, you! Don’t go touching Carna as you please!]

[!……]

The beastman tried to seize the half-elf’s, Carna’s, arm while shouting . That moment, a frightened expression floated on the girl’s face .

Seeing that, I avoided the beastman’s hand and hid the girl behind my back .

[Wha! What are you doing! Don’t get in our way!]

[No, the girl seems not to like it]

[That’s unrelated to you, isn’t it!]

The anger in the beastman’s voice increased even further .

[Hey . Erm…… Carna-san? Is he your friend, a lover or…… someone close to you? Have I done something unnecessary?]

[N, no! That person is just an acquaintance at maximum! He’s a bother who makes advances on me whenever we meet! I always try to clearly reject him, but he quite doesn’t give up…… Today, he’s more pushy than usual . I can’t win when it comes to strength after all . But, it’s not like I can use magic inside the town……]

Yeah, he’s already close to being a stalker .

Nevertheless, Carna-san seems like a docile child, but she might be surprisingly a strong-willed one . She intended to intercept using magic depending on the surroundings too .

Now then, now then, what should I do about this? I thought of avoiding troublesome things, but it’s not like I can leave this matter aside now that I got involved in it .

[She said that you are bothering her, don’t you think that you should give up?]

[What is an outsider who butted into our matter saying!]

[N~ Isn’t the reason an outsider, me, butted in because your actions are intolerable?]

[What’d you say! So noisy!!]

First, I tried persuading the beastman so the things wouldn’t become more serious, but he has completely lost his cool and turned deaf ear to me . Far from that, I’m certain that he will result to violence at this rate .

[Oy, Carna! It was me who took care of you just when you became an adventurer!]

Oh my? The two are apparently of the same occupation .

Looking at this beastman, I recall the person who got knocked out in the Shirin’s guild~ What was his name again? Umm… ahh, that’s right! Dominic! Woah~ how nostalgic~ I wonder what happened to that person in the end?

[You have just put on a patronizing air on your own! Don’t say that you are expecting gratitude in return!]

[Haa~!? Stop joking around, Carna!!]

[I’m not joking around . I mean, I wasn’t taught a single thing by you]

--Ah, this is not the time to be recalling the past .

I just left them alone for a little bit and the two’s dispute heated up even more .

[Hey, hey, you two calm down a little]

[But~]

Carna-san stopped when I called out, but she had a dissatisfied expression .

[[Defeat~?]]

[Now, now, Allen, Elena, you mustn’t]

[[Uniyu~]]

[There, calm down]

Allen and Elena were quiet, but they entered battle mode after recognizing the beastman as an enemy, so I had to soothe them in a hurry .

[Ehh!? H, huh? Are these children your company?]

[Yeah, that’s right . They are my younger siblings]

Carna-san didn’t seem to notice Allen and Elena who clung to my legs up until now, so she suddenly leaked out a surprised voice .

[There’s quite large age difference, isn’t there? --What am I saying, that’s not it! These children said something about defeating, didn’t they!]

[Ahh…… that’s right . But, I would be happy if you pretended you didn’t hear that]

[Eh, but……]

Although Carna-san was startled by the existence of the two, she apparently heard their remark very clearly .

But, is it an essential quality of adventurer not to miss any information? I should follow her example!

[Oy! Don’t be ignoring me now!]

Ah, I completely forgot about him .

[Sorry, sorry . So, have you decided to give up?]

[I told you! Why do you have to be concerned about that! This is Carna’s and my problem, ain’t it!!]

[Ah~……]

Yeah, somehow…… we have returned back to the beginning~

[In the first place, because you have butted in, things got complicated even though it went so smoothly!!]

[Even if you say that……]

What “complicated” is he talking about? I don’t think that things would go smoothly for him and Carna-san if I wasn’t in this place either……

[Duel me!]

[No, I don’t think it’s a good idea to propose a duel to a woman……]

[Not Carna, you, I’m talking to you!]

[Haa? With me!? Why!?]

No, no, no, how did it turn out like this!?

[It’s all your fault! Take responsibility and have a match with me!]

Ehーーーーー!?




Chapter 112

We have just moved to the Adventurer’s Guild’s practice grounds .

When the beastman brought us to the practice grounds, he went to get the guild’s staff, so he’s currently not here .

[Carna-san, how did it turn out like this?]

I wasn’t able to possibly walk away in silence after seeing an unwilling woman being forcefully pushed by a man and intended to mediate between the two, but…… it became a duel between me and the beastman for some reason .

…… Really, why did it become like this? I thought of stopping by the Adventurer’s Guild, but not in this fashion .

Moreover, it isn’t a trivial matter from the beastman’s mood as curious onlookers started gathering when he went inside the guild .

[I wonder? Ah, you can call me Carna . Also, although a bit too late, may I know your names?]

[Ah, right . I’m Takumi . These children are Allen and Elena . Best regards]

I got to know her name during the conversation but noticing that we haven’t introduced ourselves, I greeted her again .

[I am Allen]

[I am Elena]

[[Best regards~?]]

Following after me, Allen and Elena cheerfully introduced themselves . However, the two looked at me puzzledly while tilting their heads when saying[Best regards] .

It seems that because I only thought them to say[Hello]while introducing themselves in the Ruven House, they found my[Best regards]strange .

When I patted the heads of the two who were troubled about the meaning, they smiled .

[Wow, so cute . Hey, that’s not the time! Takumi-san, I’m sorry for getting you involved . Allen-kun and Elena-chan too, I’m sorry]

Carna-san smiled broadly when looking at Allen and Elena, but she immediately got dejected .

[Well, Carna-san is not in the wrong]

[Carna]

[N?]

[Call me Carna!]

[But, Carna-san calls me with “-san” too, don’t you?]

[That’s that!]

[……]

As I thought, Carna-san is the strong-willed type . Her pushes are strong .

[I got it, Carna . --Is this fine?]

[Yeah!]

When I tried to call her name, Carna smiled delightfully .

[So, is Takumi-san going to accept the duel?]

[Ah~ I think so? It doesn’t look like I could decline]

To be frank, although I don’t know the beastman’s strength, I think I will be all right even if I don’t have worries like “I might lose” . Therefore, it would be better to obediently accept the duel to finish things smoother~

[Allen will defeat~!]

[Elena will defeat~!]

[N~ the opponent called me for a fight, so you two mustn’t fight him~]

[[Muu~]]

As every time, Allen and Elena are full of willingness to fight .

However, when I told them that I can’t let them participate in today’s duel, the two’s cheeks inflated in dissatisfaction .

[[Onii~ chan, dorayaki~]]

After a while of pouting, Allen and Elena demanded a snack .

[Ahh, sorry, sorry . Here, sit there and eat up]

[[Un!]]

Which reminds me, I was about to give them snacks because their bellies were empty .

I retrieved chairs from the《Infinite Storage》in a hurry and handed the two dorayaki . Then, the sulking expressions of Allen and Elena took a complete turn and they joyfully stuffed their cheeks with dorayaki .

[Takumi-san, what is that? The children are eating it very deliciously though……]

[[It’s delish~!]]

[……]

I felt Carna’s piercing gaze of greed .

[Does Carna want to eat too?]

[Is it okay!? I want to eat!]

[I don’t mind . Here you go]

[Thank you♪--Ngu]

She was looking too much, so when I asked if she wants dorayaki too, she immediately replied . So, when I handed dorayaki to Carna, she instantly stuffed her cheeks .

[Nn~ delicious~!!]

[I’m glad it suits your tastes]

[The dark thing sandwiched between is really good . What is this thing called?]

[It’s called dorayaki, the stuffing is red bean paste]

[Dorayaki? First time hearing such name]

[Umm, if I’m not mistaken… it’s a food modeled after a “dora” so it’s called dorayaki, I think?]

[Hee~ “dora” yaki, huh~ it’s really tasty~]

While the children + Carna were eating dorayaki, the beastman returned together with a man wearing the guild’s uniform…… he’s making a very dissatisfied expression for some reason .

[…… Oy . What are you doing!?]

[N? What you ask, letting the children eat a snack?]

[I’m not talking about that-! I’m asking you why are you glossing over the duel with me so much!]

[That’s because I was about to give the children snacks when I got involved in your business after all~]

It appears that he can’t stomach me giving priority to Allen and Elena . However, a snack time is important for children, so I don’t intend yielding in this matter .

[Raizel, I agreed to be the referee, but a duel is something that can be held only between adventurers . It’s unreasonable of you to involve ordinary people!]

[It’s fine as long as you give him the registration!]

[You……]

At that moment, the beastman--Raizel raised his voice at the guild staff member in blame .

There seems to be a rule that duels within the guild can be held only between the adventurers, but…… well, it seems that I don’t look like an adventurer .

[Ah~…… excuse me . I’m pretty much registered as an adventurer]

[What!?]

[Hmph . Then there’s no problem!]

When I conveyed that I’m an adventurer, the guild staff member was surprised, while Raizel looked at me with suspicion, but he didn’t say more as it was convenient to him .

[Umm…… you]

[Ah, I’m called Takumi . You will be refereeing? Thank you in advance]

[Takumi-kun, are you really fine with that? Raizel is a short-tempered guy, but he has some ability, you know?]

Hee~ Raizel seems to be strong enough for the guild staff member to worry about me .

[Well, I will manage somehow?]

[Oy, oy, it will become terrible for you if you get in it with such light feelings]

[It’s my own responsibility no matter what happens, I don’t mind]

[I won’t say anymore if you think such . Well, do your best]

The guild staff member consented with my final words and moved to the center of the practice grounds .

[Then, Allen and Elena be good children and wait for me here, okay?]

[[Yess~]]

Raizel moved to the center as well, so I handed fruit water to Allen and Elena and moved to stand opposite to Raizel .

[Oh, a duel? Who is fighting?]

[It’s Raizel]

The curious onlookers gathered and the surroundings became noisy .

[Raizel? B-rank[Ash Wolf]Raizel? Who is the reckless opponent?]

[That fellow, him]

[Haa? That delicate-looking man?]

[Yeah . Isn’t the victor in plain sight? This isn’t even a gamble]

[Well~ anyone who mixed with Raizel would bet on him]

…… Somehow, I hear the most terrible remarks about myself I heard so far .

Rather, don’t go selfishly gambling on us . Well, I don’t look that strong, so the bets seem to be on Raizel who even apparently got a nickname……

[Listen . Weapons and magic are allowed, there’s no time limit . The victor is decided when one loses consciousness or admits defeat . And also when I, the referee, declares the result . Attacks that could kill the opponent are prohibited . Attacks that could destroy the practice grounds are prohibited . I, Dewitt, will act as the referee]

When Raizel took his position, the refereeing guild staff member--Dewitt-san explained the rules . It appears the rules are close to “anything goes” .

[Are there any questions?]

[No]

[I have none]

When Dewitt-san lastly confirmed, the two of us had no objections .

Raizel put on some steel cover that reached from his wrists up to his elbows . It appears to be equipment for hand-to-hand fighting .

Fully motivated, I believe Raizel will spring towards me simultaneously with the start signal .

[Are you ready? Then, begin!]

Dewitt-san gave the signal to start .




Chapter 113

[Ora!]

Immediately after Dewitt-san’s signal, Raizel plunged straight towards me just as I thought . Whether it’s because he’s a beastman, his acceleration was faster that I imagined . But well, Allen and Elena are faster .

When I took a step to the side, Raizel passed by me . It seems that he is unable to change his trajectory midway because of the speed . If it was Allen and Elena, far from changing a trajectory midway, they would ridiculously change the direction they are going in .

Well, as expected wouldn’t comparing the two to Raizel be too pitiful for him?

[Hoo~ you dodged that? But, that was just a fluke, wasn’t it? It’s not over yet!]

Raizel who turned around had an expression of surprise for a moment, but thinking that it wasn’t my intention to dodge but just a fluke, he showed an unyielding smile and plunged towards me yet again .

[《Air Shot》]

With the intention of a test, I shot a light magic at the plunging Raizel .

[--Guah!!]

[…… Huh?]

[…………]

However, the magic I shot splendidly landed on Raizel directly and he got blown off backward . And then, he crushed into the practice ground’s wall and stopped moving .

I intended to burn a little bit of his skin, so I thought of driving Raizel into the corner bit-by-bit, but…… it appears I finished it in an instant .

Although it was noisy until a little while ago, the surroundings are currently wrapped in silence .

[O, oy!?]

Dewitt-san rushed over to Raizel in panic and confirmed his well-being .

He’s fine, right? He’s alive, right? Rather, I don’t recall shooting such strong magic!?

[…… He’s just unconscious . There are no conspicuous external wounds either]

…… I, I’m glad~

I was seriously relieved by Dewitt-san’s words .

[Victor, Takumi!]

Dewitt-san who confirmed that Raizel only fainted declared my victory .

He then called people over and had Raizel carried away .

Still…… how did it become like this? I really planned on using magic very lightly . I mean, I just tried to test it out .

And yet, a person with a considerable strength got splendidly blown away .

Even after trying to find out the reason, I can’t come up with anything~ Now then, what do I do……

[He insta-killed[Ash Wolf]?]

[…… Seriously?]

[Can someone be this strong!? It’s a trickery!]

[What was that magic just now!?]

[Uoーーー! I would have made a killing if I had bet on him~~~]

I heard surprised and confused voices from the surroundings .

Even though nobody predicted my victory, Raizel has been dealt with in an instant instead . There are several people looking at me with stupefaction .

But, the last person! Don’t you grieve about not making a profit!

[[Onii~ chan, victory~!]]

[Oopsy]

Allen and Elena rushed over and jumped towards me with a great vigor .

[Hey, Takumi-san!! What was that? What just happened? Aren’t you tremendously strong!! Why didn’t you say anything!?]

Carna who rushed over a little later came with a barrage of questions .

[W, wait, Carna, calm down~]

[Calm down, you say? That’s obviously impossible, isn’t it? There’s no way I can calm down after seeing you defeat Raizel so easily!]

Carna is too excited as I can’t seem to be able to calm her down .

Far from that, she grabbed me by the collar and vigorously shook with me .

[[Calm down~!]]

[Eh?]

[Allen? Elena?]

While a little bit troubled about Carna, Allen and Elena who were in my arms frowned a little and fired slightly stronger words . Carna was dumbfounded by the two’s words .

I also couldn’t hide my surprise at the two’s unusual behavior .

[[Calmed down~?]]

[…… Y, yes . I calmed down . T, thank you?]

[[Un]]

When Carna calmed down, the two showed whole-faced smiles .

[Allen, Elena]

[[Uniyu?]]

[What’s up with you two all of sudden?]

[[Onii~ chan, troubled~]]

[Eh? Because I was troubled?]

[[Un!]]

Allen and Elena told Carna to calm down because I was troubled?

Uwa~ I’m impressed a little, but~~~

[I see~ Allen, Elena, thank you~]

[[Kya, kya]]

I lowered Allen and Elena on the ground and patted the two’s heads with all my heart .

[…… Umm, Takumi-san, I’m sorry . The shock I received was too devastating, so……]

[Ah, yeah, don’t mind it . I didn’t tell you anything after all]

Thanks to the children, Carna has completely calmed down and regained presence of mind .

[Seriously . It’s me who got you involved in this strife, but I wouldn’t be this shaken up if you told me at least a little! I was really worried because I’m aware of Raizel strenght]

[Ah, sorry about tha--]

--Bang!!

Just when I was trying to apologize to Carna, the practice ground’s door vigorously opened and a woman in her forties dressed in the guild staff member outfit rushed inside in a flustered state . After looking restlessly around, she walked towards us .

[Huh? Why are you so fluste--]

[Oh my, Carna . It seems it turned into something troublesome . However, we will talk later . I have no time to talk with you at the moment]

That woman seems to be Carna’s acquaintance . Well, she’s the guild’s staff member so it might be only given that they are acquaintances . But, the woman avoided talking with Carna .

And then--

[Are you Takumi-san? Were you perhaps in Bailey before coming to the Royal Capital?]

Nodding after taking a look at my and the children’s faces, she spoke to us .

She, for some reason, knew that we came from Bailey .

[You know about us?]

[Yes, I do . I was told to immediately bring you to Guild Master were you to come here . Therefore, would you please come with me?]

[Yes?]

I have never been involved with the Royal Capital’s Guild Master, but…… why is a person I have never met concerned about me…… what is the talk going to be about?

[N~ It’s only natural for you to have many questions, but we can’t talk about that in here . Therefore, please!!]

I must have had a really curious expression . The woman put her hands together in front of her face and earnestly requested for us to come with her .

[…… Erm, you will explain when we move places, right?]

[Of course . Everything will be explained properly]

[I understand]

[Really? Thank you!]

When I acknowledged, the woman seemed very delighted .

[Then, shall we go!]

[Eh!? Do you really need to go right now?]

[Yeah . Then, Carna, I’m sorry but I will be borrowing Takumi-san]

[Ehh!? Wait a mo--]

[Now, Takumi-san, let’s go]

After the woman simply dismissed Carna, she urged us out of the practice grounds and brought us to the Guild Master’s office .




Chapter 114

We have met with the Guild Master immediately, but--

[Master, Takumi-san has arrived]

[Good work, Keimi . So, you are Takumi-kun? Also, Allen-kun and Elena-san? How do you do, I’m the Guild Master Andy]

Young . I thought so the moment Andy called himself the Guild Master .

I mean, isn’t he just a young man slightly older than me? To be a Guild Master at the Capital at such age?

The Capital’s Guild Master is supposed to be an existence that manages all masters of the Adventurer Guilds spread throughout the country, right? Ah, his ears are slightly pointy, is Andy-san perhaps an Elf?

Thinking so, I promptly used【Appraisal】, but his race indicated that he’s a human .

Ah! But, his age! …… 45 years old…… for real?

[Takumi-kun, what’s the matter?]

[What’s the matter you ask, he’s obviously surprised by your face . Isn’t that right, Takumi-san?]

Indeed, it’s as the female staff member--Keimi-san said, but…… I’m surprised by Keimi-san’s casual attitude towards the Guild Master~

[The people who meet Guild Master for the first time get startled by how young he looks . This person’s appearances haven’t changed since his twenties~ He’s a monster, a monster I say]

[A monster you say, my wife sure is cruel~ Even though you know it’s because of the blood of the Elves in my ancestry~]

[Eh!? Wife!?]

So Keimi-san was the Guild Master’s wife, huh . That’s why she’s so casual with him, I see~ Nevertheless, a monster, huh…… that’s not a word you should use for your own husband, isn’t it~

Still, since the Guild Master’s--Andy-san’s ancestors were Elves, then his appearances are related to atavism?

[Ahh, sorry about that . Let me introduce myself again, my name is Keimi . I’m this person’s wife~ Also, thank you for helping Carna . That child, she’s my daughter]

[Eeh!?]

Carna? Eh!? She’s talking about Carna, the Half-Elf that was with me until now, right? She isn’t talking about some other Carna, is she?

A human with Elvish appearances far younger than his actual age, Andy-san and a human who looks appropriate for her age Keimi-san . The daughter the two conceived is a Half-Elf?

[Umm, is Carna-san same as Andy-san with a deep Elven blood then?]

[Yeah, something like that . Elves and Half-Elves are occasionally born in my family lineage . It was only appearances in my case as my abilities aren’t different from other humans and my life-span should also be the same . On the contrary, Carna inherited a deep Elven blood . We have another daughter called Miki, but that child’s appearances and race are that of a human~ Heredity really is mysterious, isn’t it~]

Truly amazing~ Atavism is something that can appear so conspicuously, huh~

[And so, Carna was helped by Takumi-kun? Did something happen?]

[That child, she was apparently approached by Raizel again~ It seems Takumi-san has helped her with that]

[Again? Even thought Raizel is quite excellent as an adventurer~]

Oh my? The short-tempered Raizel is unexpectedly an excellent adventurer .

Ah but, someone said at the practice grounds that Raizel is[B-rank] . In that case, there’s no doubt that he’s an excellent figure, huh~ If not, he wouldn’t become B-rank .

Love is blind…… does he looks his ability to judge when it comes to Carna? I unexpectedly feel like that’s the case~

[Well, parents shouldn’t meddle with their child’s love~ Rather than that Dear, we strayed off the topic and talked about our family’s circumstances, but shouldn’t we return to the main topic soon?]

[Ah, you’re right]

Reminded by Keimi-san’s words, Andy-san’s facial expression tightened and he faced me again .

[Takumi-kun, about the reason you were called here…… you have been very inconvenienced at Bailey . I’m truly sorry for that]

[Takumi-san, I apologize to you as a staff of similar post . I’m truly sorry ]

And, together with the words of apology, Andy-san and Keimi-san lowered their heads .

The reason I was called here was that of the happenings in Bailey’s Adventurer’s Guild--to apologize for the Miss Receptionist who revealed that I have discovered a new dungeon .

I have made sure not to get involved with Bailey’s Adventurer’s Guild to best of my abilities, so I have completely forgotten about that .

[Even if Andy-san has the position to oversee all of the Adventurer’s Guilds in the country, the one responsible for that incident should have been Bailey’s staff]

[No, no, Takumi-san, the disclosure of information is a serious matter . It’s a matter I should be completely responsible for]

[That’s right~ For a receptionist to shout out one’s personal information, that is something that should never happen~]

I intended to put that matter to rest at Bailey, but it seems that wasn’t the case .

[Is that so? I thank you for your trouble then]

[Originally, I should have gone personally to apologize, but I had no time to visit Bailey . I heard that you arrived at the Capital, moreover, you visited the guild, so that’s when I thought of calling you to apologize]

[No, no, I’d rather not . If you went to Bailey expressly for me, it would make me feel bad instead]

It can’t be helped that I felt extremely uncomfortable when Andy-san said that he wanted to go to Bailey to apologize to me .

[Is that so?]

[Yes . I accept Andy-san’s and Keimi-san’s apology . It’s fine as long as you take care so there’s not next time]

[That’s only natural]

[Currently, I’m in the midst of notifying all guilds to be thorough in regards to the information management]

If they are re-examining information management, then I can feel a bit at peace .

[At any rate, I’m glad . I was nervous that Takumi-kun might be disgusted with the Adventurer’s Guild itself and become distant from the Adventurer activity, but it doesn’t seem like that from what I have seen~]

[Eh? I’m just one among many, aren’t I?]

[What are you saying? If Takumi-kun stopped Adventurer activities, it would be a great loss for the guild]

[…… Is that because I’m A-rank?]

[That too . However, the biggest reason would be the materials the guild is receiving from Takumi-kun . The materials the guild receives from Takumi-kun are all superior articles after all . There were the materials from Gaya Forest in Shirin too, but you are courteous in your work to collect even the low-rank herbs . An adventurer like that is like a treasure for us]

I see, rather than rank, they seem to be looking at one’s disposition .

[However, you who have sold many materials like that in Shirin haven’t received a single request in Bailey, right?]

[…… Ah, that is certainly true, isn’t it?]

I certainly didn’t want to approach Bailey’s Adventurer’s Guild that much, so I haven’t received a single request .

…… Nevertheless, not only Bailey, they investigated about our activities in Shirin quite well too . Well, when speaking of commonplace then this should be it .

[Hearing a report like that, I felt really uneasy~]

[I’m sorry about that . I have my thoughts about Bailey, so……]

[So it’s like that as I thought]

[Yes . But, I think of received requests here if we have time . The children enjoy picking herbs too]

[[Herbs~ will pick~]]

When I showed my intention to accept requests in the Capital, Allen and Elena showed willingness too .

Seeing the two’s attitude, Andy-san and Keimi-san showed smiles .

[Really? I’m looking forward to that . We will be relying on you]

[[Un!]]

[There are far more people in the Capital, so even low-ranked monsters or any monsters which meat can be eaten are very welcome]

As I thought~ with many people, that much more food is needed after all . The price for monster meat might be quite good in this place .

[[Pigs~?]]

[N? Pig? Are you talking about domesticated pigs?]

[No, the two are talking about Orcs]

The[Pigs]the two are talking about are Orcs . Ah, don’t they call Giant Boar like that too? But, most recently, they addressed the Orcs they defeated in Alveil as[Pigs], so I believe they are talking about Orcs .

[Orcs? Orc meat is delicious, isn’t it? I welcome Orc meat anytime . I would like to get as many as possible by all means, but they are too dangerous, so Allen-kun and Elena-san shouldn’t approach them, okay?]

[Allen, can defeat~]

[Elena can defeat too~]

[[Ehh~!?]]

Andy-san and Keimi-san raised their voices in surprise at Allen’s and Elena’s words .

[I’m aware that the children were ranked[D], but wasn’t that because of the gathering requests and Takumi-kun’s achievements?]

[Wait a moment, Dear . Even if the children’s true strength was that of D-rank, it would still e impossible for them to defeat an Orc!]

It appears that even the Guild didn’t receive details regarding the advancement of the children’s rank .

That being the case, I think it would normally be as Andy-san and their rank would have increased because of the gathering requests, being partied with me and my achievements .

[[Can defeatmon!]]

I know of Allen’s and Elena’s strength, but…… the two have recently come to dislike being compared to weak children and started putting a great emphasis on their growth . But well, we have officially obtained a backing, so it would be fine without unreasonably concealing their strength anymore, right?

[[Takumi-kun, how is it in actuality?]]

Andy-san and Keimi-san who were discussing finally decided to ask me directly . They inquired in unison .

[They can]

[[That is incredible]]

When I answered frankly, the two spoke in admiration .

[I have several Orcs we just defeated on me, would you like to purchase them?]

Since it’s a good opportunity, I will have them take several Orcs we defeated in Alveil from me . Even though Orc meat might be tasty, it’s not an amount we could finish by ourselves~

Ah, should I ask them for the dismantling of the Orc General while at it? I somehow don’t have time to do it myself . However, I would like to try Orc General meat soon . I will sell the skin as material,

[Of course, we will purchase them with delight! Also, I forgot to say this, but…… as an apology for that incident, the guild will pay extra 10% for one year when you sell to us . I’m sorry that we are able to repay you only in this manner, but please use it as much as you please]

[Ehh?]

In my case, when I sell herbs or monster material to the guild, it turns into a considerable amount of money every time . To add extra 10% to that every time…… it will become an enormous amount . But well, since it’s to apologize, I will gratefully accept~




Chapter 115

After asking for the dismantlement of the Orc General, we decided to leave the Adventurer’s Guild .

I wanted to sell other materials besides meat to which Andy-san gladly asked a staff member for dismantlement, but as expected, it will take some time . In truth, I wanted to speak with Carna whom we have ended up weirdly separating from, but I decided to visit a shrine after a long time since I couldn’t find her . I have not visited a shrine since arriving at Bailey after all .

(Oy~ Syl~)

(Ta, Takumi-san! Y, you see!)

(N? Syl, it’s been a while . What are you panicking so much for?)

(Actually……)

The shrine in the Capital is far larger and more splendid than the shrines in Shirin and Bailey . When I entered inside and called to Syl, he immediately replied .

However, Syl was for some reason extremely panicked and strangely hesitating .

The extremely hasty figure of Syl comes to mind…… isn’t he usually like this?

(Sorry . Did I perhaps call you during a busy time?)

(N, no, you don’t have to worry about that, but…… that……)

Syl repeated the action of wanting to say something and closing him mouth several times .

(Syl, what’s the matter in the end? Since you have such a difficulty speaking, have you made some kind of a strange mess? Let’s see~ Have you failed at managing your powers again, or something?

(Everything in that regard is okay~ That’s not it……u, umm, you see…… it’s about Vector, but……)

(Vector? What about Vector?)

I urged Syl while teasing him about his failure and Syl reluctantly spoke up .

The subject seems to be Vector, but…… what is it? I can’t think of anything in particular though~?

(He, he must have caused you trouble, didn’t he? I, is everything all right……?)

Trouble? N~…… speaking about trouble then I can’t seem to recall anything in particular .

(He might be mischievous and occasionally do as he likes, but I don’t think he caused any serious trouble, you know?)

He carried a person in his mouth and dragged the bandits around, but he’s a child who listens properly when I say something, isn’t he?

(I, is that the truth!?)

When I denied and said that such thing never happened, the tone of Syl’s voice got slightly brighter .

(Yeah, it is . What, were you hesitating this much because you thought Vector was causing me trouble?)

(I, I mean~ On the first day Vector went to Takumi-san, he had a person in his mouth, you know~ I was really startled after seeing that~)

(That certainly was startling~)

He picked up Vivian whom he found collapsed, but Vivian’s blood-like red hair made me double startled that time~

(Right? I couldn’t help but worry that such troubling contracted beast was sent to you . Therefore, I made up the resolution to receive one or two complaints from Takumi-san, but……)

Complaints, huh……

(But you know~ Vector was sent by the Fire God, so even if I wanted to complain, complaining to Syl would be wrong, wouldn’t it?)

(Do, do you think so?)

(Is not like that?)

(B, but, Takumi-san didn’t contact since then, so…… I thought that I exhausted your amiability…… sniff . Uu~……)

…… Huh? He’s crying~!? What is there to cry about?

Eh? Am I at fault for not coming to a shrine for a while by any chance?

(Hey, Syl~? Stop crying!)

(B, but, when I felt relieved, the tears~ Uuu~~~)

Syl really is a crybaby, isn’t he~ I can’t help but find it strange that he’s doing a God’s work with such character .

(There, there, don’t cry . If you stop crying at once, I will give you dorayaki)

Hey, there’s no way I could tempt a God with dorayaki……

(Really!? I wanted to try eating it~~~)

--It workeeed!? Moreover, his tearful voice is gone?

(Eh? You really stopped crying?)

(Ehh!? You were lying to me just now? That was heartless, Takumi-san!!)

(No, no, I just didn’t think you would stop crying because of dorayaki . I will give it to you if you want to eat it, but…… to begin with, I’m not able to hand over my things to Syl, right?)

Well~ that was surprising~ Although I was just joking~ But well, Syl and the other Gods sent things to me, so if there’s a way for me to send them something, I will do it .

(Then, that’s simple!)

--Piron♪

When Syl declared with full of confidence, I immediately heard an electronic sound .

(Takumi-san, please look at the functions of your menu)

When I did as Syl said and opened the screen, there was an additional tab .

(…… Magic circle?)

(Yes, correct! First of all, try selecting that function first)

Selecting the Magic circle tab as Syl said, the screen slightly shined and displayed a magic circle .

(This is?)

(That is a magic circle of warping . If you insert an item while pouring your magical power into the magic circle, it will be able to reach my place! How about it? There won’t be any problem with this, right?

(……)

Even though people shouldn’t be able to manufacture a warping magic tool yet…… to pull it off so simply, Syl is a God indeed~ I saw him in a new light .

(Huh? Takumi-san, what’s the matter?)

(No, I was just thinking about warping magic tool a bit)

(…… Magic tool, is it? Ahh! Come to think of it, warping magic tools have been only discovered in dungeons and people can’t produce them themselves back on the surface . As Takumi-san guessed, warping magic tools work on the same principle! While magic stones essentially act as core of the magic tools, they are engraved in this magic circle! Well, the destination of this magic circle is designated to me though!)

(…… I see)

No, I haven’t really guessed…… Syl, was it all right to tell me? But well, it wasn’t many people who heard it but just me, so there shouldn’t be a problem .

If you compare the differences between a magic circle of warping and warping magic tool, would it be the simplicity of the duplication the magic tools? …… While thinking such--

(Ahh! I forgot about something!!)

Syl suddenly shouted .

(It’s about Vector, but…… the situation seems to be all right in the end, but I have prepared useful items for discipline . You might not need it, but I will send it to you anyway so please accept it)

Items for discipline, huh~ Syl really was anxious about Vector, wasn’t he?

(Is that so, I understand . Then, I will gratefully accept . Thanks for your consideration)

(No, it’s a matter of course! Then, thank you very much for coming today . I’m looking forward to the dorayaki)

(Haha, I will send it immediately . Then, see you again, Syl)

--Piron♪

[Now then, let’s send the dorayaki first……]

When the conversation with Syl ended, I heard another electronic sound .

I’m curious about what came, but let’s send the dorayaki before I forget .

I selected the magic circle on the screen, poured magical power inside and put dorayaki on a plate on it . Then, the plate gradually sunk into the magic circle .

[[Gone~?]]

Allen and Elena looked at me in wonder .

Did it look as if the plate disappeared into nothingness? It would be better not to do it in front of people then .

[This you see, was sent to a person who is taking care of me]

[[Taking care~?]]

[Yes . He takes care of Allen and Elena too]

[[I see~]]

After making sure that the plate disappeared, I checked the new items Syl sent next .

[--Wha! What the hell is this!!]

Seeing the words on the list, I was shocked .

A collar is well…… acceptable . I have heard of lesser familiar collars before . Rather than for looks, that item forces to obey orders . Whether I use it or not is within the tolerable level .

But, even so!

A whip! A cord!! Even chains!? What did you want me to use it for!!

Also…… silver vine? …… Ahh, because lions are cats? …… Would it work?

Green foxtail? This is completely for playing…… but, not only Vector, wouldn’t Feat be happy too? No, I feel like Joule would like it too .

But…… I feel like he made a mistake in certain delicate items .




Chapter 116

After leaving the shrine, we went towards the shopping district .

[It’s crowded, isn’t it~]

[[Amazing~]]

There was a wide variety of shops and stalls on the shopping street and it was crowded .

[Ah]

Then, after walking for a while, I caught sight of a signboard of a shoe shop caught .

There are many shops which deal with leather products such as shoes, harnesses and armor . However, this shop seemed to be a shoe specialty store which is rare in this world .

[Allen, Elena, shall we have our shoes made there?]

[[Shoes~?]]

[Yup, shoes . Let’s go~]

[[Un]]

Recalling that I wanted to make Allen and Elena shoes--boots from the Evil Viper skin, we decided to enter that shop .

[Welcome~]

[Hello . Umm, does this shop also make shoes for children?]

[Yes, of course . This store is for children and elderly, as well as people with feet problems . We will prepare any shoes according to the customer’s request]

Ohh~ this shop feels somewhat reliable~

[In that case, are you able to attach the automatic size adjustment?]

[Yes, it’s possible . This shop has a contract with an excellent echanter]

They seem to be able to seal magic--enchantements into the shoes as well .

[Then, I would like to place an order]

[Thank you very much . Well then, please wait a moment while I call for a craftsman that will be responsible for customer’s order]

From the looks of it, it’s not the shop assistant that receives the orders but the craftsmen apparently receive them directly .

[Thank you for wiating]

Is this person the craftsman? The person who immediately came over was an extremely whitish, tall and thin man .

[I’m Gallon and I work as a shoe crafter . I heard that you would like to place an order for children shoes . Please let me hear your order in detail over there]

Ah, he really was a craftsman~

We were guided to a table with chairs by the craftsman--Gallon-san, where we will have the talk .

[Have you decided on what kind of shoes you would like?]

[Erm, I would like boots with automatic size adjustment for these children . Let’s see~ I would like to request both short and long boots]

[Short and long boots with automatic size adjustments, is it?]

[Ah, could I request a pair for me as well? Also, I would like to use the material in my possession, would that be possible?]

Whoops, I can’t forget about the material~

[Yes, you brought the material then? There’s no problem . Do you have the material on your person?]

[I do . --I would like to use this]

When I took out the Evil Viper skin from the《Infinite Storage》and handed it to Gallon-san, he opened his eyes wide and his white complexion quickly reddened .

[Th, th, this is! Ehh!! The genuine thing!?]

This is that, isn’t it? Identical to the craftsmen before, Gallon-san must have understood what kind of material it is . From what I experienced so far, he should get delighted and excited about the materials after this .

Yeah, if that’s the case then I better leave him alone for a while .

[--…… Wau~]

[[Ah!]]

[Eh!?]

Just as I thought such, Gallon-san--thud, fell from the chair with a splendid sound .

[Ehh? Are you all right?]

When I rushed over to Gallon-san and checked his condition, I found out that he lost his consciousness .

[Did he faint?]

[[Fait~?]]

[Seems like it]

I really didn’t think he would faint, but…… was it because he was too excited?

[Erm, call the shop’s employee……]

[Ha!]

Thinking that I shouldn’t leave Gallon-san on the floor like this, the moment I was about to call someone, Gallon-san suddenly jumped up to his feet .

[D, dream? Ahh…… it felt like I finally saw the Evil Viper skin I yearn for, but…… it was a dream, huh……]

Gallon-san who restlessly looked around hung his head down dejectedly .

Dream? I don’t know what just happened, but did Gallon-san saw a dream in this short while?

[Umm…… are you all right?]

[Haeh? Huh, Customer is…… eh!? It wasn’t a dream!!]

[…… Err?]

[Customer brought an Evil Viper skin with you, right!?]

[Yeah, well……]

[Ohh~ it wasn’t a dream!!]

Gallon-san stood up and took the Evil Viper skin that was on top of the table in his hands .

[What a beautiful black! This gloss! Radiance! Haa~…… To think that a day I would be able to hold it in my hands would come……]

…… I see . He really lost his consciousness the moment he saw the Evil Viper skin . Did he think the conversation itself was a dream? …… Anyhow, he seems to be all right after falling down .

[So…… are you able to make it?]

[Of course! Please leave it to me!]

No~ yeah, he has a plenty of motivation .

[Then, I will leave it to you]

[Yes! I will bring out the design samples right away!]

Saying such, Gallon-san started lining up different designs of boots .

Not only the design pictures, but also the actual things that were on display in the shop .

[How is it? Are any to your liking?]

[Are all of these for adults? Can they be chosen for the children?]

[Yes, there’s no problem]

[Is that so? --Allen, Elena, how is it? Do you like any of these?]

[[N, you see~]]

Most of them are lace type boots, but there are many to choose from . There are many with ribbons for women in particular .

[[This~?]]

Allen and Elena looked at the different shoes, but they pointed simultaneously at the same boots .

The boots the two chose are very similar to the boots they are wearing now .

[You like these?]

[[Un!]]

Since the boots that will be made this time will be black, they will be different although similar, so oh well .

[Then, these will do for the short boots . As for the long boots, let’s see~ How about these? Ah, these over there are also nice~]

The short boots were decided, so it’s time for the long boots now . The long boots are of the below the knee length, it’s a type of boots the two haven’t worn so far .

[Allen, this one~]

[Elena wants that one~]

Allen chose the simple laced boots I pointed at first and Elena chose boots decorated with a ribbon .

[Then, these will be it]

[[Un . Oniichan’s?]]

[Mine? Let’s see, I will get the same type as you two as well]

[[Matching~?]]

[Right, we will be matching]

When I decided on the design of my boots, it was the time for the size measurement .

[Although the size will be changed with the automatic size adjustment, the boots will adjust only to fit the size that is somewhat bigger than the original size . Therefore, it will be as expected, impossible to keep wearing them until the children grow into adults . Could I please have your understanding?]

Ah, are there people who think their children could wear the shoes all the time until they grow into adults when they hear about the size adjustment? So that’s why he explains it like this, so there won’t be any complaints in the future, huh~

[Yes, I understand]

[Well then, two pairs of short boots, two pairs of long boots for the children, and one pair of short boots for a man . All five will be enchanted with automatic size adjustment and will be made from the Evil Viper skin . Is there no mistake in the order?]

[No, there’s no mistake]

Double checking that there’s no mistake in the order, what was left was the price negotiation . At that time, I made sure that the boots are made sturdy .

[Thank you very much for your order . I will pour my heart out to complete it!]

Alright, now we only have to wait for the boots to get made . Gallon-san was in high spirits, but I’m sure he will make something good~




Chapter 117

After leaving the Shoe Shop we decided to return to the Adventurer’s Guild .

At that time--

[Now, now, today’s precious meat has arrived! Unexpectedly, it’s Orc meat! It’s a fresh one that just came in . However, today is a big below the cost service!! The price comes with 20% discount! How about splurging a bit today and having an Orc steak for dinner? This action ends as soon as we run out . Now, buy, buy!]

A butcher-looking person was advertising a special orc meat sale in a loud voice .

Moreover, all the housewives who heard that simultaneously started gathering at the butcher’s .

[[Pig~?]]

[Seems like it]

Orc meat that has just came in…… no need to guess, isn’t it the one we dropped at the guild? There’s no need to wait for the monster meat to mature as it’s best eaten fresh, so they probably send it to the market immediately after dismantling .

Still…… Orc meat is quite popular, isn’t it~ It indeed sells like hotcakes .

The people of the town commonly eat Wolf and Horn rabbit meat . Orc meat is several times better meat, so the price should be inevitably higher, but…… were the people attracted by the below the cost discount?

[Allen will eat the pig~]

[Elena too~]

[Haha . Did it make you guys crave Orc meat too? All right . Currently, I’m having the Orc General dismantled in the guild, so let’s eat that for dinner?]

[[Yaay~!]]

I finally got it dismantled, so let’s borrow the Ruven House’s kitchen and prepare it~

[Then, let’s return for today after receiving the meat from the guild]

[[Un!]]

Although there’s still time until dinner, when taking the time of discussing the borrowing of the kitchen and food preparation in consideration, it would be safer to return sooner .

[Takumi-san, I was waiting for you~]

When we entered the Adventurer’s Guild, Keimi-san was waving her hand at us from the reception .

[This way, over here~]

And, she immediately beckoned us to the warehouse .

[Have we kept you waiting?]

[Oh my, it’s not like we have decided on time, so you don’t have to worry about that . Then, this is the Orc General meat you have requested . Please verify it]

The gigantic Orc General turned into a considerable amount of meat .

[Thank you very much]

[No, no, I’m so happy I could scream that you decided to turn over the Orc General skin to the guild . The orc assessment has also finished, so let’s settle the accounts now]

[Yes, please]

When we returned to the reception counter, Keimi-san immediately started operating the crystal plate .

[Ah, may I have your guild cards?]

[Yes . Allen and Elena too, okay?]

[[Yes~]]

[Thank you . Wait for a moment, alright?]

Keimi-san suspended the operating temporarily, asked for our guild cards and resumed operating the crystal .

[10% has been added to the proceeds as promised . Also, this is the case only within Guardia, but it has been decided that the monsters Takumi-san brings for dismantling both while selling and bringing back with you will be free of charge for indefinite]

[Eh!? Is that all right?]

[Yes, it has been decided by our Master’s authority, so please use it as you please . Although I said that, the guild is still anticipating that Takumi-san would sell materials except those you need to us like this time]

Well, in the case of having the guild dismantle, I don’t mind leaving the materials I don’t need to them .

Ah~ I see, I see . I would be using the guild’s dismantling service free of charge and I would be also getting additional 10% when selling…… for that, I would have to pour my materials back to the guild~

[Now then, this should be it . Takumi-san, what would you like to do about the money? Is it all right to hand it over to you in coins?]

[Ah~ let’s see~ could you split the money in half and deposit it into the children’s cards?]

[Deposit into the children cards, half each . Understood]

I have the money I got from the country at me, so let’s deposit what we earned this time .

Right, right, about the cash reward I received from Tristan-sama that time…… you won’t believe this! They were Large Gold coins . One piece is approximately 100,000 yen . I haven’t counted how many pieces there are, but it’s a considerable large amount of money . Therefore, there would be no need to be troubled over our income for a while .

[Here, it’s done . Can you confirm please?]

[Umm…… yes, everything’s all right . Thank you very much]

[I should be the one thanking you for the various things beginning with my daughter]

[No, no . Err, I wasn’t able to see Carna after that, so please convey my regards to her if possible]

[Yes, of course . However, if you have an opportunity to meet at the guild, do call out to her]

[Yes]

◇ ◇ ◇

After taking care of the business in the guild, we immediately returned to the Ruven House where I was about to discuss the borrowing of the kitchen . But, I was given the permission before the discussion even started .

I was told that Matthias-san notified the kitchen staff to let me use it freely whenever I want .

[I’m sorry to bother you during work]

[No! We will be learning from you today!]

[Eh!?]

When I intruded into the kitchen, the awfully motivated Ruven House chefs were waiting for me inside .

Learning from me…… learning what!?

[That ice-cream thing was extremely wonderful! Takumi-sama is a genius! So, what are you planning on making today? Please, instruct us by all means!!]

[……]

No…… I don’t really mind, but . I don’t do full-blown lessons, so stay behind me and learn from watching .

[Then, Allen, Elena, shall we do it?]

[[Yes~ Pig~]]

Now then, what shall I make? It’s the Orc General meat after all . Might as well, meat! A dish with such feeling would be ncie~

[Ah! How about Tonkatsu?]

[[Tonkachi~?]]

Unfortunately, Tonkachi is not food .

[Haha, it’s slightly different . It’s Tonkatsu]

[[Tonkatsu~!]]

When I corrected them, the two properly corrected themselves .

[W, what kind of dish is this Tonkatsu!?]

[W, well, let’s make it first, I will explain if there’s something you don’t understand]

[Yes! Please, go ahead!]

The chefs were very curious, but rather than explaining it, it would be faster for them to see .

Therefore, I immediately chopped the Orc General meat I took out in suitable pieces, and lightly seasoned it with salt and pepper .

[Then, Allen . Cover this in flour like this~ and shake off the excess flour like this]

[Yesss~]

[Could Elena dip the meat Allen covered in flour in the eggs?]

[Yess~]

I had Allen and Elena help me by covering the meat in flour and whisked eggs .

[Then, I will……]

[Takumi-sama, what is this?]

[N? Ahh, these are breadcrumbs, a finely crushed dried bread]

In my case, they weren’t completely air-dried as I sped up the process with《Dry》magic .

[Elena, pass it to me once it’s covered in eggs]

[Yes~]

Once it’s covered in breadcrumbs, all that’s left is to fry it .

[Alright, the temperature should be good . Allen, Elena, it might be dangerous to watch a hot oil from nearby, so could you stay slightly further away please?]

[[Eeh~]]

When I asked the two to stand back as I can’t fry with the children clinging to my legs, the two let out reluctant voices .

[My? Do you not want to eat Tonkatsu anymore?]

[[Want~]]

[Just a bit, okay?]

[[Uu~]]

The two reluctantly separated from me when I told them that they wouldn’t be able to eat Tonkatsu if they didn’t . The chefs then formed a Tonkatsu gallery and watched me frying in excitement .




Chapter 118

After finishing deep-frying the tonkatsu, I realized that I don’t have a tonkatsu sauce .

Well, it can be eaten with soy sauce or something, but thinking that it would be better if there was the sauce after all, I immediately put the tonkatsu in the《Infinite Storage》and decided to hurriedly make the sauce .

Although I say that, I have never made the sauce before, so I will try making a prototype and if I fail, we will just have to eat it with soy sauce .

Err, sugar into the Turi fruit (tomato) paste…… no, would honey be better? Also, a bit of soy sauce and vinegar? White sesame… and some condiments?

N~ what condiments should I use? Do I use garlic and ginger after all?

[Something like this~?]

It’s different from the tonkatsu sauce I was imagining, but I was able to make a so-so sauce . This should also go well with tonkatsu .

[Takumi-sama, is this a sauce for the deep-fried dish called tonkatsu you made?]

[Yes, that’s correct]

The chefs immediately reacted at the completion of the sauce .

[M, may we please have a taste?]

[…… Ah, yes . Here you go]

[Then, excuse me]

Moreover, they waited with tightly grasped spoons .

[Onii~ chan, Allen too~]

[Elena too~]

[This is a sauce, you know?]

[[Don’t mind! Taste~]]

Allen and Elena followed after the chefs and started speaking of tasting the sauce .

[Then, just a lick, okay?]

[[Un!]]

After letting the two taste it, it was about the time, so I started arranging the dishes .

And, the dinner time .

Tonight, we are eating with Matthias-san, Rebecca-san and Wald-sama who has just returned from the work .

[It seems that Takumi-san prepared tonight’s meal . What did you make?]

[The main is a meat dish . I hope it will suit your tastes though]

[Oh, Takumi was cooking today? Each and every dish of Takumi’s is unusual and tasty on top of it . I’m looking forward to it~]

[Oh my, Takumi-san is not only good with sweets, but at cooking as well, I see~]

Matthias-san and Rebecca-san were very interested while Wald-sama had an expression full of expectations .

[[Onii~ chan’s meals, delish~!]]

[My, my, the meals Oniichan makes must be very tasty then?]

[[Un!]]

When Allen and Elena boasted of my delicious meals, Rebecca-san looked at the children with a heartwarming smile .

The children has already let their guard down completely in front of Rebecca-san .

[As I thought, little children are nice, aren’t they~ Wald-san--]

[Please ask Elder brother for grandchildren]

[Really~ how heartless~]

Wald-sama rejected Rebecca-san’s urging for grandchildren without hesitation .

It seems that Wald-sama has not thought about the marriage yet . I imagined that nobles would have fiancé or fiancée, but are the second sons who aren’t succeeding the house perhaps relatively free?

[It came . Takumi, what is this dish called?]

While having such a talk, the meal arrived . Then, looking at the dish in front of him, Wald-sama immediately asked about its name .

[It’s called tonkatsu, deep-fried meat in a finely crushed bread]

[Hee~ tonkatsu, huh~ by the way, what meat is it?]

[It’s Orc General]

[[Eh!?]]

Matthias-san’s and Rebecca-san’s surprised voices resounded .

Is Orc General meat unpalatable by any chance?

[…… The one from Alveil?]

[Yes, that’s correct]

Wald-sama rubbed his glabella .

[I heard you went to the Adventurer’s Guild today, did you not sell it?]

[I kept all the meat while selling everything else, you know?]

[…… I see . Takumi, I will tell you one thing . Even nobility seldom get to eat Orc General meat]

[Is that so?]

I imagined that nobility would eat only high-quality meat, but…… it seems I was wrong .

In the Risner House…… ah~ seafood was their main ingredient, so I didn’t hear much regarding meat~

[Yeah, well you might be able to eat it if you splurge, but we usually eat the orc meat]

[Hee~]

If you usually eat the orc meat common families have to splurge to buy, it would mean that you are eating a good meat, huh…… this isn’t good . Because the meat we eat is mostly supplied by ourselves, it feels strage feeling like this . I mean, I thought of occasionally eating the meat of the A-ranked Evil Viper, you know?

[Well, I will eat it since it’s a special occassion]

[…… Yes, go ahead . Matthias-san and Rebecca-san too, eat before it gets cold]

[Yeah, let’s eat]

[Let’s eat then, Takumi-san]

Rather, for Wald-sama to point that out…… I’m a bit shocked .

[Allen and Elena too, let’s eat]

[[Un! Itadakimaasu~]]

[Itadakimasu]

Seeing the Ruven family’s three eat, we also started eating .

[This fellow is tasty~ The Orc General meat itself is tasty, but this cooking method and sauce is so good!]

[Yeah, this is nice . It’s my first time experiencing this crunch on outside]

[It’s very delicious~]

[[Delish~]]

[Ohh!]

Uwa~ Orc General meat…… this is delicious~ It’s tender but properly chewy and also juicy . It’s affinity with cutlet is superb!

It could be eaten not only as tonkatsu, but katsu curry, katsudon, katsu-sandwich and other ways as well~ I want to try eating it like that next time!

[Takumi, would our chefs be able to cook this?]

[They were seeing me make it, so I think they will be all right]

[I see!]

Wald-sama seemed to like the tonkatsu very much as he laughed delightfully when he got to know that the chefs here would be able to cook it .

[You know? That dish which we ate on the way to the capital…… curry and rice was it? It seems like it would go well with this dish]

[That would be katsu curry]

Wald-sama is quite skillful . It appears that he arrived at the concept of katsu curry on his own .

[Oh, there really is such dish after all! I would love to eat it right away, but that’s probably unreasonable so I will have to ask the next time]

[Allen will eat too~]

[Elena will eat too~]

It seems like katsu curry has been decided for the next time .

[Say, this curry and rice? What is it? It’s a name of a dish, isn’t it?]

At that time, Rebecca-san asked about curry and rice . Matthias-san seemed to have the same question as he looked similarly in wonder .

[Umm…… curry is something like a soup stewed with several herbs, flour and vegetables, and rice would be the White Wheat]

Curry and rice is difficult to explain no matter how many times I get asked, isn’t it~

[White Wheat, you mean that White Wheat!? Takumi-kun, White Wheat can be eaten?]

When I explained what kind of dish it is, Matthias-san raised his voice in surprise .

[Yes, it might look hard, but it immensely softens when cooked . That’s why it was typically eaten instead of bread in my home town]

Huh? This conversation…… seems similar to one I had with Wald-sama on the way to the capital?

[That thing tastes really simple, but it becomes really great depending on the dish it comes with, doesn’t it~]

Wald-sama fondly commented .

[Is that so? N~ that is very interesting . The next time you make this curry and rice, would you please let me eat it as well?]

[Oh my, I will be also intruding at that time]

Everyone seems to have decided on eating curry and rice the next time .




Chapter 119

Today, we have come to the castle to see the treasury .

[Hee~ there really are many things~]

[[Many~]]

As a reward for the Evil Viper subjugation, the discovery of the dungeon, etc . , it has been decided that I can take an item from the treasury…… although I saw the list, I had no idea what’s what, so we have decided to take a look at the items in the treasury directly .

[This is the section for all kinds of arms . This sword is called[Frozen Cursed Sword]and praises are sung about its ability to freeze over plains with a single swing . This[Thunder]is a spear that produces lightning . And this is……--]

The Prime Minister guided us through the treasury .

Why is the Prime Minister expressly guiding us-!? is what I thought, but when I take the place into consideration, then it’s only given that an ordinary person wouldn’t be guiding us .

Still…… this treasure has everything .

There were the weapons with incredible power Prime Minister just explained about, a display of fascinating necklaces, and fist-sized gems with terrific purity among other things .

However, there were also cursed items among them . Instincts told me to not ever touch those things . Of course, Allen and Elena were also extremely vigilant .

While looking at such articles that were introduced to me one by one--

[This is called magic motion device]

[N?]

Magic…… motion device, he said? Eh? This…… isn’t that a camera!?

The moment we approached the magic tool section, something I was interested in appeared .

[Seems like Takumi-dono is interested in this]

[Y, yes . Umm, could you tell me about its functions in detail please?]

[Sure . You look at the scenery through the light of this magic stone and it will make a copy on this special paper--[Magical power paper]]

It’s slightly too large as it seems that it has to be held with both hands, but I can see a place for a lens and it records the scenery on a paper…… hey, it really is a camera, isn’t it?

[The specialty craftsmen are able to reproduce the magic tool itself, but because the method of creating the magical power paper has been lost, only several pieces are stored here . Therefore, if I’m pushed to say, then this magical power paper is the genuine treasure]

N~ so that means this magical power paper is something like a photographic paper for the magic tool’s exclusive use .

[It cannot copy onto other types of paper at all? Like, it will change the color or it will get crooked for example?]

[Yes, it won’t copy over to the paper no matter what]

[I see……]

Even though it could fade, it still can’t be applied on an ordinary paper, huh .

I thought of making a treasured album full of scenes with Allen and Elena~ It seems it won’t go that smoothly .

It seems that the magic tool itself can be produced, but I should choose this as the reward and obtain the few remaining magical power papers~

[It feels like you have already decided on this]

[Yes, it appears so . Ah, if I choose these magical power papers, how will you deal with the magic motion device? If I can’t receive it as well, then I would like to get introduced to a craftsman who could make it if possible……]

[Please don’t worry . I will hand it over to you as well . However, are you really fine with this? There are only several pieces of magical power paper left?]

[Yes, I will go with this]

[Is that so?]

I have selected the magic motion device and magical power paper as my items of reward .

I would be completely lost when choosing from as many things as this, so it’s best to go with the first impression!

[[This~?]]

[Yes, I decided to take this . Is that fine with you?]

[[Un, is fine~!]]

I have decided all by myself without listening to Allen’s and Elena’s opinions, but the two gave me their consent .

[That’s right, Prime Minister . Haven’t you heard stories of the magical power paper being found in dungeons or something?]

Right, right, I have to ask about this! This unable to produce, miraculous thing should be obtainable in dungeons, I think .

[It were only a few, but they were found indeed]

[Really!?]

Ohh! Then, it doesn’t mean that I won’t be able to get more magical power papers in the future .

Magical power paper…… magical power paper, huh~…… one would think it’s just paper loaded with magical power from its name, but making a paper loaded with magical power…… doesn’t seem possible, as expected .

[Do you mind if I touch it?]

[No, it’s already Takumi-dono’s, go ahead]

[Thank you very much]

Getting the permission from Prime Minister, I took the magical power paper in my hands .

Indeed, the magical power paper is carrying magical power . But, it’s maintaining the magical power differently from humans or the source of magical power that are magic stones .

[Magical power papers were produced in the past, right?]

[Yes, it has been already several hundred years, but paper craftsmen of that time were able to produce them]

N~…… if I had to guess by this feeling, then I would say that the traces of magical power were knead into it? Ah~ let’s see~……--

[…… Is it possible to knead the magical power of magical power carrying objects into other materials?]

[Ta, Takumi-dono!? W, what have you just said!?]

[Eh?]

It appears that I said my thoughts out loud .

[Did you say: knead the magical power of magical power carrying objects into other materials?]

[…… Umm, that I did~]

[For example, what object do you have in mind??]

[W, what object?]

The Prime Minister is looking at me with extremely expectant eyes, but……

This, would it be bad if I don’t answer? …… Err, let’s see~

[As expected, a magic stone would be my first choice?]

[Magic stone!]

[Y, yes, grinding the magic stone to powder and add it to the mixture, for example? Or perhaps…… the material for paper are trees, right? Then, how about using wood that contains the magic element? Or to some extent, the trees from Gaya Forest……]

[Gaya wood!]

The Prime Minister had an exaggerated reaction when I replied with things that could be used as a material for the magical power paper . But--

[Well, the specialized craftsmen had already tried that, didn’t they?]

If the method has been lost, then the researchers and craftsmen must have tried considerable amount of ways to reproduce it . What I came up with, those people surely tried before .

[No! I have never heard of people trying such methods!]

[Ehhh-!?]

[Up until now, we have been trying to find a way of loading objects with magical power, so we have never thought of using objects carrying magical power themselves! It’s worth giving such method a try! I have to contact the research institute and the workshop immediately! The lost technology might be resurrected!]

[Eeeeeh-!?]

…… Have I done something that will become a serious matter again?

[We will manage with the magic stones, but the problem is the Gaya wood . Those don’t flow on the market as much as we’d like after all…… n? Takumi-dono, do you perhaps…… possess some?]

[……]

[That face says that you do]

The Prime Minister was asking a question, but his expression tells me that he’s convinced .

How did he know~? Is my face that readable?

[Could you hand us over a few?]

[…… Yes . I understand]

[Thank you very much!]

Well, it will be favorable for me if the magical power paper comes out of it and I could get my hands on more . Why don’t I just sponsor them with a Gaya tree or two…… or even ten!

Although we have derailed a little, we who have come to select our reward were given the magic motion device and magical power papers on the spot .




Chapter 120

After leaving the treasury, we went with the Prime Minister to transfer the Gaya trees .

When that finished smoothly we arrived at the castle’s kitchen .

It was in order to teach the castle’s chefs the promised Cream bread and Anpan .

[I will be in your care today]

[……]

When I said hello to the castle’s chef in the center of the kitchen that was introduced to me, he just lightly nodded with no other response . Is he perhaps discontent that the greatest chef--the royal castle’s chef like him suddenly has to follow instructions of an amateur like me?

[Head chef, this person came expressly on His Majesty’s request . Don’t show your shyness in front of a person like that!]

[Eh!?]

W, was he shy of strangers? Moreover, this person is the head chef!?

I opened my eyes wide in surprise at the words of the another chef that stood next to the head chef .

Woah~ so he didn’t find me unpleasant or anything, he was just being shy, huh… he doesn’t hide behind others, but seeing a man in his fifties with similar attitude Allen and Elena had just a while ago is a little laughable .

[I’m really, really sorry about our Head chef! Even though he’s like this, I can guarantee his skills!]

[N, no, it’s all right . I don’t mind]

[Thank you very much! Ah, I didn’t introduce myself . I serve as the sous-chef and my name is Wagner . Thank you very much for coming on this occasion! There, Head chef, please greet him properly!]

The other chef was a sous-chef, huh .

The sous-chef--Wagner-san greeted me with a very respectful attitude . Well, we have come under the name of the King of Guardia, Tristan-sama after all . It’s an inevitable attitude to have once knowing that, I guess?

[…… I am Carl . I will be in your care today]

The head chef--Carl-san said in a feeble voice, however, he properly introduced himself .

To serve as the head chef in the castle with such personality, as Wagner-san said, he must have a considerable skill in cooking . Ah, also because of Wagner-san’s follow-ups?

[My name is Takumi . Once again, please treat me kindly]

[I am Allen]

[I am Elena]

[[Best regards~]]

When I introduced myself once again, Allen and Elena said hello after me . Then, the two looked at me with expressions that said[How was it?], so I heartily patted the two’s heads .

[U, umm……]

[Ah, excuse me . Err, I don’t know whether you heard or not, but today’s plan is to teach you how to make a bread……]

Pulling myself together, I confirmed whether the people in the kitchen grasped what we are doing today . I mean, I’m not teaching them any dishes today, but bread, you know? And yet, the head chef and sous-chef have come as well?

It would be more understandable if it were a bread maker rather than Carl-san or Wagner-san, but…

[Yes, we heard of it! That’s why in addition to the two of us, we have gathered several bread makers to receive your instructions! We were told that it would be better if the dough was prepared, so the bread makers are currently preparing it]

Eh? Carl-san, Wanger-san . And, several bread makers? Isn’t that too many people?

[Not only the bread makers, but the head chef and sous-chef as well?]

I unintentionally let out my thoughts from my mouth .

[Well, of course! It’s unlikely, but we will be there so that they wouldn’t miss the recipe, they mustn’t mishear it by any chance after all!]

[…… I, is that so?]

What is it…… this enthusiasm…… ah~ but, he’s someone who cooks for the king, so it might not be good if he wasn’t like this, right~ Yeah, I can consent if it’s like that .

[Well then, shall we begin at once?]

[Yes! Then, please come this way!]

This is not only where the royalty’s food is made, but also where the food of the people working in the castle is made, so the kitchen is considerably large with a fitting amount of people working here .

When we arrived in the inner part of the kitchen where Wagner-san guided us, the gazes of the people inside gathered at me .

[…… Is that him?]

[Seems like it . But, doesn’t he seem younger than us?]

[Then, was those rumors false?]

[Might be so]

[Oy, oy! Moreover, he even brought children with him . What does he think this place is!?]

I heard various voices coming from inside .

[I, I’m sorry . Youngsters are like that……]

It must have reached Wagner-san’s ears too as he apologized in panic .

[Well, I have brought children to this kitchen that you guys consider a holy place, so…… it can’t be helped~]

The owners of the voices were young men who didn’t seem much older than me . They must take pride in being able to work in the castle at their age . And here I am, a person from outside, standing next to the head chef and sous-chef, so no wonder they feel displeasure . And just as someone said, I have brought Allen and Elena with me .

[Oy! Do you guys have a spare time to chatter pointlessly! Are the preparations for the training finished!? Aan? What is this mountain of unpeeled vegetables!!]

[[[I, I am sorry!]]]

[Do it immediately!]

[[[Yes!]]]

All of sudden, Carl-san approached the youngsters and started shouting at them .

A great difference from his attitude from until a while ago .

[Erm…… sorry, but is that how Carl-san usually is? ]

[Ahh, let’s see . What was shown to Takumi-san a while ago was something that happens extremely rarely . I’m truly sorry . A bit more…… if a bit more of time passes, he should be able to hold a normal conversation with you, I think……]

I see . That is how Carl-san normally is .

I was worried whether he was fit to work as the head chef, but it seems that it was unnecessary .

[It really is all right, so please don’t worry about it]

[[Don’t worry~]]

At that time, Allen and Elena repeated my words .

[N?]

[[Nniyu~?]]

[Oh my, oh my?]

[[Oh my, oh my~♪]]

It appears they are playing by mimicking me .

[Are you copying me?]

[[Copying~]]

[Fufu, is it fun?]

[[Fun~]]

[Is that so?]

[[That so~]]

Someway or another, they continued imitating me for a while .

[……?]

When Carl-san returned, he looked at me and the children with a puzzled expression .

[Ahh, I’m sorry that you had to raise your hand for our sake, Carl-san]

[…… No, it was caused by my clumsiness . I apologize for not training my subordinates properly]

When I apologized to Carl-san, he returned the apology with a feeble voice .

Not sure where his vigor went, Carl-san returned to being quiet . He apparently needs some time to get used to us .

[[Back~?]]

Finding the difference in Carl-san’s attitude out of place, this time, it was Allen and Elena who made puzzled expressions .

[…… Eh? Ah…… I’m sorry…… showed you something embarrasing]

Understanding the children’s words, Carl-san’s face dyed red as he hung his head .

[Err…… you really had a ‘head chef’ feeling going on there]

[D, do you think so?]

[Yes]

[T, thank you very much]

When I said such, Carl-san’s face turned red even more… is he embarrassed?

[[Red~]]

I decided to let go, but Allen and Elena pointed it out with a mercilessly swift attack .

…… Carl-san was extremely bashfully turned his face away .




Chapter 121

After introducing me to the bread makers, we finally started making the bread .

The bread dough was properly prepared, so I decided to make custard cream and bean paste for it as soon as possible .

[Something like this…… what do you think?]

Today, it’s not only the Tsuban, but I made Koshian as well and when I had Carl-san and others behind me taste it and confirm whether they grasped the method of making it--

[…… I have learned very much]

Carl-san said with a furrowed glabella .

It was an answer that didn’t have any problems when considering only the words, but…… it doesn’t match his facial expression . Is he worried about something?

[He, head chef! If you are admiring and won’t make an appropriate expression, Takumi-sama will misunderstand! -- I’m sorry, Takumi-sama! Even though he might look like this, Head Chef is very impressed with this cream and the new recipe of the red beans!]

[Eh!? Is that so?]

[Wha!! You did misunderstand after all!?]

That’s right . As Wagner-san said, I didn’t see it at all~ I see, so that was an expression of admiration, huh……

[[Steamy~?]]

At that time, Allen pointed at Carl-san and Elena squinted her eyes while looking at top of his head .

From the children’s cheerful attitude, there’s no doubt that Carl-san is a good person~ Rather, the two are unexpectedly aggressive when it comes to Carl-san . In the tsukkomi way of meaning…

[See, Head Chef! Even the children misunderstood!!]

At the children’s actions, Wagner-san approached Carl-san in panic .

[T, that’s……]

With his words choked, Carl-san looked at Wagner-san, me, and the children in turns .

[[Nii~]]

The children whom Carl-san was watching lifted their cheeks with their index fingers and pressed Carl-san to smile .

[…… Ni~?]

The honest Carl-san then made a smiling face by raising the corners of his mouth .

[[-- Puh]]

Seeing Carl-san’s actions, Wagner-san and I unintentionally burst into laughter .

Turning their heads away to not look into his face, the bread makers started shaking in laughter as well .

Allen and Elena nodded in satisfaction while looking at Carl-san as his face turned bright red .

[F, first of all, why doesn’t everyone try making the custard cream and bean paste?]

[L, let’s do that]

When I suggested continuing the bread making in order to change the awkward atmosphere, Wagner-san promptly agreed and we resumed working .

[Takumi-sama, that is?]

[N? Ahh, this is Shiroan and sweet potato paste . Red bean paste’s associates, you could say?]

While trying Carl-san and others in making the custard cream and red bean paste, I made Shiroan from white beans and a paste from sweet potato-like vegetable, making something similar to Satsumaimo paste .

Then, Wagner-san noticed and asked curiously .

[White beans and sweet potatoes…… is it?]

[Yes . I thought of putting this in the bread also]

[A new thing after another…… Takumi-sama, you really are amazing, aren’t you?]

[You think so? I thought they would match nicely, so I gave it a try . Wagner-san, you can come up with something too, right?]

[No, no, that’s not something that can be done so easily!]

[Is that so?]

[That is so!]

There was something like this on Earth in my case, so~ Experimenting with such memories certainly is advantageous . However, the people of Aetherdia should come up with something simple like this on their own .

Ah, how about making a pumpkin paste from the pumpkin-like veggie called[Ishiuri], or mixing in sesame and making a sesame paste as well? Let’s make it the next time!

Carl-san and others finished making the custard cream and red beast paste, so we are going to fill it into the doug next .

Well, from here on out, Carl-san’s and other’s skills are above mine, so I have nothing to tell them . But, it would be boring to just wait without saying anything, so I and naturally Allen and Elena also participated .

[[Done~]]

[Good . Now we just let it ferment and bake]

With this, all that’s left really is to wait . So, what are we going to do during the wait? While thinking such--

[Which reminds me, Takumi-sama . I heard that these bread are on sale in shops in Shirin and Bailey, is that the truth?]

The person in charge of bread makers, Sid-san, asked .

[Yes, that’s correct]

[Then! My elder brother has a store in the town, would it be possible to give us the permission to sell the bread there? Of course, we will share the profits with Takumi-sama and protect the recipe rigorously!]

When I gave a positive answer because I wasn’t really trying to hide it or anything, Sid-san sought a permission to sell it .

In fact, this matter about me teaching the recipe has been apparently strictly prohibited to talk about by both Tristan-sama and Prime Minister . Therefore, except the people here, there’s no one else in the castle who knows of this recipe .

When I heard about it, I unintentionally let out of my mouth[You are keeping it secret this strictly!?], but I was told by Carl-san and ohters[That’s only given]in return .

Well, that order seems to be limited by my permission .

[N~ I don’t need a share of profits . Just the condition of accepting our orders when we want would be fine, how about it?]

[If just that, then I don’t think there would be a problem!]

As for me, I would fine it helpful if there was a store selling cream bread in the capital .

[Also, it would be better to have a backing so the store wouldn’t get in trouble with the nobility…… n~ Should I ask the Ruven House? First of all, I will talk with the head of the Ruven House . Would it be all right to contact you again if the Head of the family gives his consent?]

[Yes! Thank you very much!]

I think it should be alright, but let’s ask Matthias-san immediately after returning to the Ruven mansion .

With the discussion settled--

[Excuse me]

A maid-like person entered the kitchen and moved directly towards me .

[Might you be Takumi-sama?]

[Y, yes]

[Have you perhaps finished with the work?]

[Yes, we are done]

[In that case, please come with me . The Queen is inviting you over]

[…… Yes?]

Eh? The Queen is calling for me!? Whyーーー!?




Chapter 122

[Fufufu~]

[……]

Right now, we are facing the Queen for some reason .

Queen looked at us with her smiling, violet eyes .

[[Onii~ chan, cream bread is~?]]

[My, my, don’t worry . I ordered to bring it here once it is properly baked, so wait for a little more, okay?]

[[Un, got it~]]

While I was confused without knowing the reason for being called here, Allen and Elena were worried about the cream bread we were making just a little while ago .

But, Queen apparently already made arrangements and it will be brought here once it’s done .

[…… Err, why were we called here, I wonder?]

[Fufufu~ that is you see? Of course, because I wanted to meet you . Is such reason not enough to call you over?]

[N, no! Not at all!]

[That so? I am glad then~ let’s have a tea then . Ah, please call me Grace . Okay, Takumi-san?]

It appears that the Queen--Grace-sama called us because she wanted to meet us . Thus, she decided to go with the flow and have a tea together .

[Right, right . I called another two people over for tea . I think they should be coming soon, but……--ah, they are here]

A knocking resounded on the door as a confirmation to Grace-sama’s statement, and a handsome man of about the same age as me and beautiful woman entered inside .

They must be the people Grace-sama called over for tea .

[Mother, we are coming in?]

Ehh!? The young man called Grace-sama “Mother . ”

Thinking that this is bad, I stood up from the chair hurriedly, but I was stopped by Grace-sama in the end .

[I heard you called for us, what is the matter?]

[My, Austin . You have finally came]

[Of course I would come after being summoned so suddenly . I made a time between the state affairs and came to visit you . Moreover, you even called Aurora over, did something happen?]

The young man--Austin-sama, called Grace-sama Mother, so he’s a prince without a doubt . His facial features don’t resemble Tristan-sama or Grace-sama that much, but he inherited Tristan-sama’s bright blonde hair and Grace-sama’s violet eyes .

[Mother, I am sorry to have kept you waiting]

[Aurora too, welcome]

The woman--Aurora-sama also called Grace-sama “Mother . ” If I remember hearing correctly, then Tristan-sama’s and Grace-sama’s three children are all princes . I also heard that he doesn’t have any concubines, so Aurora-sama must be Austin-sama’s wife?

[So, what is the matter?]

[I thought of having tea together]

[Eh? Tea…… is it? Just that?]

Austin-sama made an unsatisfied expression .

Though he was called over during the state affairs, only to be said[Let’s have a tea]in the end, right~

[Besides, who might these people be?]

[This is Takumi-san, Allen-kun and Elena-san . You have heard of them before, right?]

[!]

Because of Grace-sama’s words, Austin-sama fixedly stared at us .

[Takumi-san, let me introduce you . This is my son, Austin . And this is Austin’s princess, Aurora . Ah, Austin is, pretty much, the Crown Prince]

Austin-sama was not only a prince, but a Crown Prince at that! And Aurora-sama is the Crown Princess, I see!

[It an honor to meet you . I am Takumi]

[So you are the adventurer that had an audience with Father the other day! I see……]

It appears that Austin-sama knows about us . But, Austin-sama fell into silence and just continued staring at us as if observing .

Err…… just what is going on, I wonder~……

[Oh dear, Austin’s bad habit resurfaced again . --I am sorry, Takumi-san . Austin has a habit of slowly and carefully observing that which he takes interest in~]

[……]

Ehh!? Then, we really are being observed?

[My, it appears the baked bread has arrived . Austin, stop the impoliteness and sit down . Aurora too]

[I, I am sorry . Let’s do that]

[Excuse me]

Urged by Grace-sama, Austin-sama took a seat and Aurora-sama followed after him .

[Is Allen-kun and Elena-san fine with cream bread?]

[[Un! Cream!]]

After Grace-sama asked Allen and Elena what they would like to eat, she instructed a maid to set the table .

Allen and Elena immediately bit into the cream bread .

[[Dewish~]]

[Fufufu, I am glad to hear that--ah, right . So, Takumi-san? I heard that you have created some sweets that people haven’t tried ever before…… of course, you will let me have a taste as well, right?]

[…… Of course]

I don’t know her source of information, but Grace-sama apparently desired some sweets .

Rather, I feel like this is the main reason we have been called over today…… something like it would be easier to ask for sweets with the pretense of calling us for a tea? …… Well, I don’t really mind anyway .

Erm…… when it comes to sweets Grace-sama might have heard about, then it would be the jelly I taught to the Risner House and Dorayaki . Also, the ice cream I taught to the Ruven House and other three noble houses?

Hmm~ I have all of them pre-made in the《Infinite Storage》, so let’s take all out for now~

[This is it]

[Oh my! All of them look tasty]

Grace-sama was visibly delighted . She might have a sweet tooth .

[This ice cream is the only one that melts, so I recommend starting with that if you are wavering where to start]

[My, is that so? In that case, I shall have this ice cream]

Grace-sama seemed to be troubled over what to pick first, so when I recommended her the ice cream, she immediately took the ice cream in her hands and started eating .

[Oh my dear! It is cold and delicious~ Austin and Aurora, give it a try too]

[I will do just that]

[Yes]

As per Grace-sama’s words, Austin-sama and Aurora-sama began to eat the ice cream too .

I thought so when I offered Kashipan to Tristan-sama before as well, but…… is it okay for the people of the royalty to eat the food I have presented so easily?

I mean, wouldn’t they be trained to be careful against poison or drugs in their food? The moment I thought so--

[My, no need to worry about that]

[Eh!?]

[For someone as powerful as Takumi-san, there would be no need to beat around the bush like this and use poison, right? Rather than acting so doubtful, wouldn’t it be much safer to swiftly assassinate us? Simple, right?]

I was told so by Grace-sama . Somehow…… she said something completely dreadful, didn’t she~

Rather…… do my thoughts appear on my face that much?

[Your thoughts don’t appear on your face that much, so don’t worry about it]

[……]

No, no, no! She can tell what I am thinking after all, right!?

Since my thoughts aren’t appearing that much on my face, then Grace-sama is reading the smallest changes in my expression!?

[Mother really is particularly smart in that aspect, so there’s really no need to mind it . At any rate, she could even understand the emotions of people who were said to be expressionless]

I see . Is that something like Grace-sama’s special skill?

[Oh my, you must be able to read what people with smiles are planning in their hearts . It can’t be helped that I am particularly good at it . You should do your best too, Aurora]

[Yes, Mother]

Eh, what is this!? The upper class is frightening after all!!




Chapter 123

Grace-sama’s organized tea party that suddenly took a place continued with questions about sweets from the beginning until the end . Grace-sama was the one who mostly asked the questions . Aurora-sama had a few questions as well .

The two apparently liked the sweets I took out very much . The two’s interest was both the method of making them as well as what other sweets I made… Well, it’s not like the Queen and Crown Princess will “made them themselves” though .

[Hotcake!]

[Furench toast!]

[Oh my, hotcake and French toast? What kind of sweets are those?]

[[Delish~!]]

[My, my, what wonderful smiles . They must be that much delicious then?]

[[Un!]]

And, about the questions but…… for some reason, Allen and Elena who didn’t show any signs of being shy of strangers were answering them . Grace-sama created an extremely friendly mood .

No, well . I get deeply moved when I consider that the two “grew up” from their excessive shyness .

Ah, but, rather than the two being shy of strangers, they felt more like they had no social experiences . Thus must have gotten used to it after meeting many people .

Well, since Allen and Elena don’t understand their social status, they will get close to people as long as there isn’t a problem with their personality .

Rather, the social status of Allen and Elena who are the children of the Water God is higher… no, I am the Wind God’s--Syl’s retainer, so my social status in this world would also be at the top . However, that’s you know… I am originally of commoner origins . If told that the other party is a Queen or Prince, it’s inevitable to wince a little bit, right?

[Takumi-san, I can understand from the children’s state that those sweets are very delicious, but…… what are they in the end?]

[If I had to say, then both are more like a bread rather than sweets . Erm…… I will prepare them for the next occasion, if there’s any]

[I see~ I wouldn’t be able to eat anymore today after all . Then, I will invite you for tea again and will be relying on you that time, okay?]

[…… Yes]

Ah, I have made a mistake~ Just now, didn’t it feel like I have incited Grace-sama to invite us for tea again?

It’s not like I would dislike seeing Grace-sama again, but…… somehow, my spirit got exhausted, so I would like to avoid that again if possible~ Well, I have promised so it can’t be helped . I have to make sure not to forget to prepare hotcakes and French toasts if invited!

[Takumi-dono, do you have time after this?]

[Yes? Err, I don’t have any plans in particular, so……]

While adjusting the things in my mind, Austin-sama suddenly asked about my plans, so I tilted my head in puzzlement .

[Is that so? If that’s the case, could you please accompany me for a little after this?]

[Yes, I don’t mind, but……]

[My, what’s the matter, Austin?]

[I would like Takumi-dono to see the Knights Order at least once and I thought it would be better to introduce him to Felix as well]

[Ah, that’s true]

Knights Order? Felix? Eh, who’s that?

[…… Umm?]

[Felix is my son . He’s serving as the Knight Commander]

[The position of the Knight Commander in our country has been hereditary in the royal family for generations, and my younger brother is currently serving as the Commander]

Younger brother, that means the Second Prince?

[About that younger brother of mine, he has been concerned about the incident in the Gaya Forest where you saved the Knights and was met with malice instead of gratefulness . It’s only for his self-satisfaction, but would you please come along to receive his apology?]

Ehh!! Apology, you say!? From a Prince?

Uh, it’s that, right? When the young man called Sajesh loved Wald-sama too much and got envious of me for some reason .

[No, no! That was thoroughly personal matter, it isn’t something Felix-sama has to apologize for!]

Sajesh has already received a punishment for that matter . And yet, to receive an apology from the royalty…… what kind of punishment game is that! If something like that happens, I won’t be albe to endure it anymore!!

[But you see, Takumi-san . Felix’s apology aside, wouldn’t it be better for you guys to grasp the location of the Knight Order’s headquarters and practice grounds?]

[Eh?]

[You are apparently acquintances with a few Knights, but…… that’s only a handful of people, right? In that case, how about visiting with the thought of increasing acquintances at least by the face? You would gain Felix’s acquintanceship as well, but if you are together with Austin, you will receive the an appropriate recognition of the Knights . There’s a probability that they will be more accomodating when needed, you know?]

[……]

Grace-sama has a point . I don’t want to think of it much, but…… if we get involved in some kind of trouble and I won’t be able to do anything about it myself at that time, having the Knight Commander Felix-sama on my side would be advantegous . Even if I have friends within the Knights like Wald-sama and Isaac-san, there will be times when those two wouldn’t be able to move .

[Takumi-san looks like someone who gets into trouble easily, so you can’t be too careful, right?]

[Ehh!?]

I couldn’t help but to raise my voice at Grace-sama’s words .

Eh? Do I look like someone who gets into trouble easily? …… No…… yeah, I probably do?

Starting with getting rolled up in Syl’s power, the Gaya Forest’s incident, the incident with Baron Gilbert, the incident with Mermaids…… and most recently, the duel with Raizel… when I look at it like this, there’s quite lot, isn’t there……

I see, I was someone who gets into trouble easily, huh……

……! In that case, I have to switch my mindset and try hard to make many connections even if small!

--Since that’s the case, then Knights Order HQ, here I come!

My guide is, naturally, the Crown Prince! I feel sorry, but beign guided by Austin-sama is important, so I won’t fall back here .

Being guided by Austin-sama was outstandingly effective as we have attracted the attention of the Knights we passed by .

…… Well, I don’t feel too comfortable though .

[Felix, you here?]

[Elder brother!?]

When we arrived at the Knight Commander’s office, Austin-sama knocked on the door and called out . Then, a voice of a panicking man and the sound of someone rushing over resounded from inside .

[Elder brother, is there something a matter as you have come to the Knights Order’s headquarters personally?]

When the door opened, a person that looked exactly like Grace-sama appeared .

There’s no doubt that he’s a man, but this slender person definitely gives off an impression of a “beauty in men’s clothes . ” This person is the Second Prince, Felix-sama huh……

[Felix, are you free right now?]

[Y, yes . Please, come in]

I was guided inside the Knight Commander’s office and took a seat--

[So, Elder brother, who might these people be?]

[They are the people you wanted to meet . Why don’t you take a proper look at them?]

Felix-sama asked about us .

When Austin-sama told him such, Felix-sama took a long hard look at us…… today is a good day for observation, it seems .

[A black-haired young man…… and blue-haired twins? ……!! -- Elder brother! Thease people are-!!]

[That’s right . They are whom you are thinking of]

Felix-sama has apparently guess who we are .

[It’s Takumi-dono, isn’t it!]

[Yes, it’s an honor to meet you]

Yes, he was right .

[Our group member was impolite at that time . I am truly sorry!]

And, the moment he figured who I was, Felix-sama lowered his head .

[Fe, Felix-sama, please raise your head]

…… In the end, I was apologized to by a Prince .

Rather, is it really all right for royalty to lower their heads this easily?

[The distinction of right and wrong is important even among the royalty after all . Otherwise, arrogant royalty would run rampant, don’t you think?]

[……]

It was Austin-sama this time!! I told you! Please stop reading my mind!!




Chapter 124

[You look satisfied, Felix . Raise your head already if that’s the case . More than that will only trouble Takumi-dono]

[…… That’s so, isn’t it?]

With Austin-sama’s words, Felix-sama finally raised his head .

Haa~…… today is somewhat mentally tiring, insn’t it……

[Ah, right! We have to pay Takumi-dono for the leaves of Majesta tree, don’t we?]

[Did you say Majesta, Felix!??]

[Yes, Elder brother . I heard that Takumi-dono picked them on the way from Bailey to the Capital and handed them over to our Knights]

[Takumi-dono, is that true?]

[Yes, by coincidence]

Ahh, Majesta’s leaves, huh…… I received too many shocks I have completely forgotten about it~

[Still, how did you pick them? You were traveling, weren’t you? That tree isn’t something you can freely climb……]

[Allen, got it~]

[Elena got it too~]

Just as Austin-sama was asking how I got the leaves, Allen and Elena claimed that they picked them themselves .

[N? What do they mean?]

But, Austin-sama and Felix-sama don’t seem to have understood the children, so they made puzzled expressions .

[Actually…… the picking was done mainly by the children, you see~]

[What!? The children!?]

[I, I haven’t heard about that! Is that the truth!?]

So, when I conveyed properly that the children did the picking, Austin-sama and Felix-sama looked at the children with surprise on their faces .

[[We climbedmon!]]

Unable to stomach Austin-sama’s and Felix-sama’s reaction, Allen and Elena exclaimed one more time .

[[Climbeeed~!?]]

[[Un!]]

[Onii~ chan did]

[Po~n, to us~]

[N? Po, po~n?]

[Takumi-dono, what are they talking about?]

The princes couldn’t understand the children and looked at me with lost expressions .

[Ah~…… I threw the children on top of the tree……]

[[Haa!?]]

When I explained what I did at that time, the princes stiffened while letting out shocked voices .

Well, you wouldn’t usually use such method to climb a tree after all .

[No, no, that would be dangerous, wouldn’t it!?]

[That’s right . It wouldn’t end just with an injury if they fell down, you know!]

After a short while, Austin-sama abruptly stood up and complained about our actions . Felix-sama followed in agreement .

The two princes are good people . They are worried about the children even though the matter is already over .

[Well, that’s if they “could fall” though . My children have quite the physical capability, so they were fine . Besides, I was waiting below, so I would have caught them if they have fallen by any chance . But, thank you very much for worrying]

[[……]]

Austin-sama and Felix-sama finally became quiet .

As Wald-sama said at that time, our actions were out of the norm .

[Ahh, which reminds me, I should have taken this out during the tea]

I retrieved Majesta fruits from the《Infinite Storage》and piled them up on the table before me .

It’s a rare fruit so it would have been better if I had taken them out when we were having tea…… it can’t be helped since I have forgotten . But, if I take a little bit more here, it will naturally reach Grace-sama and Tristan-sama too .

[[Majesta fruit!]]

[Please have some if you’d like]

[No, no, no, Takumi-dono! You were picking the leaves, right? Why do you have the fruit too!? Moreover, this many of them!]

Austin-sama was greatly flustered .

Normally, there’s no such a thing as fruit bearing and leaves turning red at in such short time .

Therefore, we have not find it strange and picked lots of fruit while collecting the leaves . It was a rare fruit, so it was impossible to not pick extra .

[Huh? Have you not heard? We have picked the fruit before the leaves, but……]

[I haven’t received a report like that!]

Felix-sama immediately reacted to my words .

N~ Wald-sama aside, did Isaac-san forget to make a report? I don’t think it would be possible for that person though…… ah, he might have buried within the reports of the Majesta leaves and Orc assault .

[Well, we have lots so go ahead]

[[…… Lots?]]

[[Un! Ma~ny!]]

As a matter of fact, Allen and Elena worked hard at picking the fruit so we have quite a lot .

Come to think of it, we have eaten the fruit only raw~ I found it delicious when raw, but I would like to try making other things from it too~

N~ would it be worthwhile making syrup and mixing it into ice cream?

A method to make that………… I surprisingly can’t remember . Well, let’s challenge it when there’s time . While thinking such--

[…… Elder brother, I somehow got tired from being surprised too much]

[…… What a coincidence, Felix . Me too]

Austin-sama and Felix-sama started a secret talk (?) in low voices .

[I heard of Takumi-dono’s achievements and I also heard the stories from the Knights that accompanied him, but…… he’s straight above the person I have been imagining]

………… O~y?

They seem to be talking about me, but…… I hear everything you are saying, you see……

[That’s right . It’s just my guess, but I have a feeling that there are more shocking stories rolling around him . Stories beneficial to the country or such]

No~ there aren’t many shocking topics, you know? …… There aren’t, right?

[Won’t you leave it for the next time? I had enough for today]

[N~ that’s true . Mother said she will send him an invitation for tea again, so there will be an opportunity]

[For tea?]

[Yeah, both Mother and Aurora has become captivated by the sweets prepared by Takumi-dono, so she will surely call him over soon]

That’s right . They wanted to eat the French toast and hotcakes after all .

[…… Sweets, is it?]

[Yeah . I also ate them, but I have never eaten such things before, they were quite delicious]

[Ah, come to think of it, I heard from the Knights that Takumi-dono is a capable chef . That he excels at camping meals in particular]

Camping meals of the Knights is…… that is that, right? Just a dried meat with salty soup . I got compared to that after all~ Wouldn’t any housewife with a little bit more skill be able to make something more delicious than that?

…… Rather, how long are the two of you intending to be talking in secret (?) . The contents are something you could have asked directly, so I would be happy if you finished soon~

[…… Umm~]

[A, ah, sorry . Err, you really don’t mind if we receive these Majesta fruits?]

[Yes, go ahead]

--Knock, knock .

Just when Austin-sama’s and Felix-sama’s consciousness returned back on us, the door was knocked at .

[Excuse me, Commander . I need you to sign these documents plea……--oh my, Takumi-san?]

[Hello, Isaac-san]

[[Hello~]]

It was Isaac-san who entered .




Chapter 125

Isaac-san has come to the Knight Commander Felix-sama in order to have some documents signed, but he opened his eyes in surprise when he saw us .

[Majesta fruit? Ah, have you perhaps come to receive the payment for the Majesta leaves?]

But, seeing the Majesta fruit on top of the table, Isaac-san immediately guessed why we are here .

Well, that would be half-correct? We came here for a different reason, the discussion just turned to the payment for the Majesta leaves .

[We have come here for a different reason, but now, the payment for the Majesta leaves somehow became the topic]

[Is that so? So, what’s up with these Majesta fruits? Have you decided to sell them? here]

[This? This is you see~…… a tribute?]

[Oh my, a tribute for the princes? That is a very high-class tribute, isn’t it~]

Then, when I addressed the Majesta fruits on the table in a joking manner, Isaac-san immediately got on .

[Takumi-dono, what are you saying!? Risner too! What are you nodding your head in consent for!]

But, Felix-sama ended up getting angry .

Isaac-san immediately apologized…… was it not something we should have said in front of his superiors after all~?

[Kuku . Felix, the two are just joking around, no need to get so worked up]

The joke has been understood by Austin-sama, so he rebuked Felix-sama with a wry smile .

Punishing Isaac-san or something…… I’m glad it didn’t come to that~ I have to choose a proper place when telling a joke the next time!

[Well then, Takumi-dono . We will accept this Majesta fruit without reservation]

[Yes, go ahead]

[I believe both Father and Mother will be delighted . They have tasted it before and liked it very much after all]

Do Tristan-sama and Grace-sama love the Majesta fruit? I see, I’m glad then~

[Come on, Felix . Prepare the payment for Takumi-dono]

[Y, yes . Right away!]

With Austin-sama’s words, Felix-sama called another Knight to the room and made arrangements for the payment .

Ah, come to think of it, Majesta leaves are ingredients for medicine that the Knights are desperately desiring . I wonder if they made the medicine already? Wald-sama looked like he was rushing to make it after all~

[Which reminds me, have you finished making the medicine from the Majesta leaves?]

[No, that’s……]

The topic has changed, but when I asked whether the medicine was made or not, Isaac-san was evasive for some reason .

[N? What’s the matter?]

[Actually…… the creation of the medicine can’t progress because we are missing one of the materials]

Felix-sama answered instead of Isaac-san .

[Is that so? Is that material perhaps a rare one as well?]

[No . It’s called Ice Flower Grass and it’s not that rare, but…… that medicinal plant grows only during the cold season]

[Hee~]

Is that so? Umm…… --Ahh, Ice Flower Grass, huh~ I see, you can tell it grows during the cold season just from its name . But, well, only the heyday is during the cold season, so it’s not like it’s not growing in the current season, right~

[Herbs~]

[Search for~]

Then, hearing about searching for herbs, Allen and Elena pulled on my clothes from both sides .

[[[N?]]]

The two princes and Isaac-san made wondering faces at Allen’s and Elena’s words .

[…… Err, Allen-kun, Elena-san . By searching for, do you mean the Ice Flower Grass?]

[[Un!]]

The one who understood Allen and Elena fastest was Isaac-san who has known them for the longest .

[Ice Flower Grass is a medicinal plant that grows only when it’s cold, so I think it would be difficult to find them?]

[[There’s none~?]]

[No, it’s not like there are none……]

Isaac-san was hesitating to answer the inquiring twins .

He can’t say that there’s “none” but he also can’t say that there “are” to raise their expectations .

[[Onii~ chan, let’s go~]]

Pull, pull, the children pulled on my clothes again .

N~ let’s see~ After coming to the capital, I let the two experience only stiff things like the audience, so it might be good to go play outside of the town .

[Sure . Let’s go search for herbs tomorrow?]

[[Really~?]]

[Really]

[[Yaay~!]]

When I promised them to go picking herbs, the two were obviously delighted .

[Eh, Takumi-dono? Are you really going to search for the Ice Flower Grass? It would be better not to……]

Seeing our exchange, Felix-sama asked with panic in his voice . It seems that he’s trying to stop us because there’s a high possibility of not finding any .

[Although I said picking herbs, it’s mainly to let the kids play outside to their heart’s content, so don’t mind it please]

[…… Ah, so it’s like that]

When I conveyed that it would be fine even if we don’t find the Ice Flower Grass, Felix-sama understood .

[Commander, I believe it’s too early to feel relived]

[Eh?]

However, Isaac-san stopped him right there .

[Consider me talking to myself, but Takumi-san and the children really might be able to find the Ice Flower Grass . If that were the case, I believe it would be better to sign a contract of purchase!]

[Wha! Isaac-san!?]

You, don’t you have some kind of misunderstanding about us?

[There’s a less than 10% chance of finding it, you know!? Are you still saying that they will find it!?]

[Yes! We are talking about Takumi-san and the children after all!]

[…… I, I see]

No, no, no! I’m really not thinking about finding this Ice Flower Grass this time, you know?

I’m telling you that I’m using it only as a pretext to go play in the forest!

Rather, Felix-sama…… why are you consenting there? Austin-sama is also plainly nodding……

[Then, Takumi-dono . Would you sell the Ice Flower Grass to the Knights Order if you find some?]

[No, umm…… I’m really thinking of just going to play in the forest this time, but……]

[Yes, I understand that . Since Risner is pushing that much, just a verbal agreement is enough . It’s only if you “find” it by coincidence]

Well, I don’t mind that……

[…… I understand . But, I would be happy if you weren’t expecting much]

[Of course . I believe it would be difficult to find them in the current season after all]

That being the case, we decided to make a verbal agreement to sell the Ice Flower Grass to the Knights Order were we come across it .

I really don’t know whether we will find it or not, but it’s not like there will be many Ice Flower Grasses before their heyday, so we might have lost the chance to pick them up .

Well, I don’t have any plans to use the Ice Flower Grass even if we came across it by any chance, so I would have to store it in the《Infinite Storage》and sell it at the Adventurer’s Guild anyway .

[Ahh, looks like the payment has arrived too]

[That seems to be the case . Well then, Takumi-dono, this is the payment for the Majesta leaves . Could you confirm it?]

After receiving the payment, we decided it was time to leave .

Isaac-san has seen us off from the Commander’s office to the gate, but at that time, he asked me about Tonkatsu . Apparently, Wald-sama has been boasting about eating it, so he wanted to eat it himself . Well, I don’t mind treating Isaac-san, so I immediately responded with acknowledgment .

Isaac-san will come to the Ruven mansion in the near future, or we might visit the Risner mansion ourselves .




Chapter 126

[[Onii~ chan!]]

[N? Is something the ma--……!?]

--Shocking . An indescribable spectacle is currently happening right before my eyes .

It happened when walking in the forest near the capital while looking for a medicinal plant called Ice Flower Grass .

[Cute ones~]

[Many~]

After looking for medicinal plants in a thicket, Allen and Elena returned while holding small bunnies .

It’s adorableness was on a degree it could be only described as fiendish .

The bunnies which the two held were Pestel Rabbit . Cowardly creatures that will run away at full speed in front of humans . Their size reaches a size that even an adult like me would have to hold one with both of my hands .

Their fur is monochrome . It goes from the normal bunny’s white, brown, black and grey to colorful colors such as red, blue, pink and yellow . They are bunnies with abundant color variation .

I don’t know how their heredity works, but it seems that children won’t be necessarily born of the same color as their parents . It appears to be impossible to predict with what fur color the children will be born .

They are popular as pets because of their appearances, but they are more or less, F-rank monsters .

I often see requests to capture Pastel Rabbits at the Adventurer’s Guild . It’s a low-rank request, but the degree of difficulty as actually high .

The presence detection ability of Pastel Rabbits is excellent, so finding them is a difficulty on its own . Moreover, once you find them, they flee the moment you approach . They are monsters like that .

Well, on the other hand, the reward for capturing them should be set relatively high .

Five of those bunnies . A white bunny in Allen’s arms . A pink one in Elena’s . Moreover, another cream-colored, tawny, and light blue bunnies are gathered at their feet .

[Allen, Elena, those Pastel Rabbits didn’t run from you?]

[[They came~]]

[Eh!? The Pastel Rabbits approached you?]

[[Un!]]

To tame them on the first sight… should I say as expected or that’s like Allen and Elena or……

Allen and Elena rushed over to me while each holding a Pastel Rabbit . Then, the three Pastel Rabbits at their feet chased after them .

They are chasing instead of fleeing……

When I crouched and tried presenting my hand, their noses twitched as their approached .

I heard that they get attached to a degree when kept as pets, but…… it’s not normal for wild ones to be this easily tamed . To put it bluntly, it’s abnormal, but well things like that happen……?

[[Cute, aren’t they~]]

Seeing the children play with the bunnies is really calming . It’s calming, but……

[Allen, Elena . What are you going to do about these children?]

[[Uh?]]

If we had a home we could have kept them, but…… unfortunately, we are currently freeloaders . Therefore, it’s not like we can bring them back .

[[Like everyone . Can’t~?]]

[…… Everyone?]

[[Un!]]

[Joule, Bolt and]

[Feat, Vector~]

[Ah, you meant it like that……]

Allen and Elena want me to contract the Pastel Rabbits . Pastel Rabbits are monsters after all . Indeed, contracting them would be possible . There wouldn’t be a problem with my magical power .

Besides, if I contract them, it would be possible to put them into the shadow, so there wouldn’t be a problem with a place to keep them .

[[Can’t~?]]

[Gu……]

…… The two pleaded with puppy eyes .

Call me soft, but it’s impossible for me to say no to them here……

[…… Fine . But, you will have to regularly play with them and take care of them, okay?]

[[Un!]]

I decided to contract them promptly .

Come to think of it, Joule and others were contracted beasts to begin with while the contract with Kaiser is just a provisional one, so this will be my first genuine contract .

I had Allen and Elena put the Pastel Rabbits in their arms down and I developed the contract magic circle . Then, the five Pastel Rabbits became my contracted beasts without any resistance .

[Yeah, it went well without problems . Now then, we will have to name them]

[[Name~?]]

[That’s right . Will Allen and Elena give them names?]

[[Hmmm, you see……--]]

The white one is[Shiro]

The pink one is[Pipi]

The tawny one is[Chacha]

The cream one is[Reamu]

The light blue one is[Mimi]

Allen and Elena thought very hard and named the five animals as such .

When I asked[How about the white one], the two replied[[Shiro]] . [The pink one?][[Pipi]]they named them in such manner . They are names thoroughly based on the fur color . It’s simple, but cute .

Well anyhow, five genuine pets were added to our family .

◇ ◇ ◇

We were also able to luckily find the Ice Flower Grass in a small quantity . I thought, just maybe, but…… Allen and Elena found them quietly growing in the shade of a tree .

We accomplished our objective, so we returned to the town after playing plentifully . But there, a problem occurred .

[Onii~ chan, maaany~]

[Following~]

[…… Allen, Elena . You mustn’t look back, okay?]

[[Yesss]]

Now then, what to do?

While returning from the forest to the town, several Pastel Rabbits started following us for some reason . We are slightly separated, but they are keeping a perfectly fixed distance from us .

The Pastel Rabbits I have contracted--Shiro and others are already in the shadows with Joule and others, so they are currently not here . Those following us sare wild Pastel Rabbits .

[You have Shiro and others, so those guys are not allowed, alright?]

[[Yesss]]

Just them, I cautioned Allen and Elena . I’m already contracting five Pastel Rabbits . Even if the two plead with me, as expected, I won’t contract more of them than this .

We are currently in the forest so it can’t be helped, but they surely won’t follow us after we leave the forest--

[……]

[[They coming~]]

--Is what I thought, but…… the Pastel Rabbits were following us even after we got on the highway .

Why? They are cowardly monsters, right? They are monsters who flee from people, right? Why are they normally following us? That’s strange!

I don’t understand well, but…… are they following us because they judged they will be safe by our side, or something?

[[…… Onii~ chan]]

[Ugh~~~]

The Pastel Rabbits finally came over to our feet .

What am I supposed to do about this? Although the opponents are monsters, beating down something so cute and harmless would be a little~……

[[Return~?]]

[Ugh! Right . Let’s return them to the forest!]

We put the large amount of Pastel Rabbits following us in a basket and released them back in the forest . Then, we went on our way once again . But--

[[Coming, aren’t they~]]

[……]

The Pastel Rabbits were following us again .

[Ahh, geez! Why are they following us?]

[[I wonder why~?]]

[What do they want from us?]

[[Keep~?]]

[No~ we certainly can’t keep more than that, you know?]

[[Give~?]]

[N? Ohh!]

That might be a good idea .

Even if we bring the Pastel Rabbits back into the forest, they will definitely follow after us again . In that case, why don’t we bring them with us and give them to someone to keep?

Fortunately, Pastel Rabbits are popular as pets, so they will surely be many people who will accept them .

When decided, I put the Pastel Rabbits in the basket once more .

It was like that before too, but the Pastel Rabbits entered the basket very obediently .

[Alright! Shall we return then?]

[[Un!]]




Chapter 127

While walking on the highway, a creature resembling a squirrel appeared before us . Its ears were slightly longish for a squirrel, and above all, its entire body was emerald-green .

That should be, if I’m not mistaken, a monster called Forest Rat . It’s just a small animal similar to the Pastel Rabbit, but unlike only having cute appearances like the Pastel Rabbit, it should be a considerably troublesome monster .

That very Forest Rat is for some reason running towards us .

Far from being vigilant, Allen and Elena stared with their eyes open wide at the approaching adorable animal . Anyhow, preparing for battle doesn’t seem necessary .

But, today seems to be the day of encountering small animals .

[Kyui]

[Uniyu!]

[Oh~]

The Forest Rat who came up to our feet climbed up on Allen and sat on his head .

Allen let out a startled voice while Elena looked at Allen enviously .

《Ah~…… can you hear me?》

[Eh!?]

《How do you do? I’m the Earth God Nomoodle》

[Pardon!?]

Ehh-!? This squirrel is the Earth God Nomoodle-sama!?

《This Forest Rat is a monster . My voice is only reaching through this Forest Rat as I’m actually in the Sanctuary》

[Oh!!]

A reply came for what I was thinking in my mind .

Come to think of it, Gods are able to read minds . That ability is effective even when not meeting directly, huh……

[Excuse me . How do you do, Nomoodle-sama . I’m called Takumi]

《Yes, yes . I’m aware . You have been a hot topic within the Sanctuary recently . I’ve heard that you are Sylphreel’s retainer and have received Marianora-sama’s divine protection . Moreover, you are raising Windell’s children, and even received Salamanteel’s favor . Wouldn’t that make me an outcast? Therefore, I thought of talking to you like this》

[……]

It seems that Nomoodle-sama has contacted me with appropriately terrific reason .

He gives off a calm impression from his way of talking and the tone of his voice, but he seems to be quite a bold God .

Rather, wait a moment! The hot topic of the Sanctuary…… what that might be about!? As for others…… well, they are all true~

Still, I didn’t think a God would contact me in a way like this!

With this, I got involved with all of the Gods in some way or shape, huh~

[…… Is that all right?]

《By all right you mean? There’s no problem with talking to you through a living being like this, you know?》

[…… Is that so?]

《Yeah》

I see, it’s all right…… I thought it might be done through overbearing means, but that doesn’t seem to be the case . Rather, the Forest Rat has moved from Allen’s head to Elena’s head before I noticed .

[Err…… did you take this form just because you wanted to talk with me, Nomoodle-sama?]

《I heard that you made contributions with many dishes》

[Yes, looks like it]

Talking about cooking? I heard that cooking is the domain of the Fire God Salamanteel’s, so it should be unrelated to the Earth God Nomoodle-sama, right?

《That’s not the case, you know?》

[……!]

Nomoodle-sama denied what I was thinking about .

It seems he has read my mind again .

《The ingredients--in other words, the crops are part of my domain . Seeing them getting widely utilized is a joyous thing》

[I, is that so? I’m glad I could be of help]

I see, I can consent to that .

《There are still many ingredients that this world hasn’t seen yet . Ah, of course, there are things similar to Takumi-san’s world and things unique to this world . I have expectations for the future, so please do your best》

[…… I will work hard]

Although I say that, the things I can do are limited~

《Letting the children eat delicious stuff while living carefreely like you were up until now . That’s enough》

[……]

I would like you to stop reading my mind so naturally……

《Ah, right, right, Takumi-san . Please contract this Forest Rat by all means》

Ah, yeah, he smoothly ignored me, huh~

《It’s combat power isn’t that high, but it’s of a dexterous race, so I believe it will be useful to you in various ways》

[…… Thank you very much]

Haa…… first of all, let’s use【Appraisal】on the Forest Rat .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Name】

【Race】Forest Rat［Takumi’s Contracted Beast］

【Age】5

【Level】20

【Skills】

Earth Magic

Wood Magic

Seclusion

Telepathy

Oracle

Presence Detection

Abnormal Status Resistance

＝＝＝＝＝

Ah~ yeah . This Forest Rat does indeed posses【Earth Magic】and【Wood Magic】skills that we don’t . As Nomoodle-sama said, it will be quite useful .

Rather, it has already become my Contracted Beast, so returning it would be impossible!

《Ahh, let’s make Takumi-san able to use Earth magic too》

[T, thank you very much]

《All that’s left are items, huh . I will choose suitable things later and send them to you, alright?》

[No, no, you don’t have to go that far……]

《Don’t say that . It’s not like I can fall behind the others . Please look forward to it》

[……]

Nomoodle-sama unexpectedly hates to lose, it seems? No, is that his pride?

Well, if he decided on giving me items, then I will quietly receive them .

《It was a worthwhile time today . Well then, let’s meet again》

Probably feeling satisfied, Nomoodle-sama left . The Forest Rat he used as the vessel curiously looked around .

[N?]

…… Huhh? Just now, did Nomoodle-sama say[Again]? Eh, there’s[Again]!?

At that time, will this Forest Rat become his vessel once again?

[Kyui?]

When I looked at the Forest Rat who moved back on Allen’s head…… it curiously returned my stare .

[Ahh, sorry, sorry . Right, we have to name you]

[Kyui!]

Remembering that I have not named the Forest Rat yet, I hurriedly started thinking of a name .

[N~ right . Mairu…… how about that?]

《Un, it’s Mairu nano! Takumi Nii, please take care of me nano!》

[Oh?]

Ah, come to think of it, Mairu already has the【Telepathy】skill . Although you feel somewhat connected after making the contract, being able to talk directly is several times more convenient~

[[Mairu~?]]

[That’s right . Mairu is our child starting today as well . Get along with her you two]

[[Un!]]

When I introduced Allen and Elena to Mairu, Mairu who was on Allen’s head moved to his arms .

《I’m Mairu nano! Let’s get along nano!》

[Allen nano~]

[Elena nano~]

After introducing themselves to Mairu, they were playing with her while moving her from arms to arms . Allen and Elena played by mimicking Mairu’s way of speaking .

It seems they will get along with no problems .




Chapter 128

[Excuse m--…… huh?]

[Takumi-kun, welcome back . Allen-kun, Elena-san, welcome back as well]

[Ah, we are back]

[[Are back~]]

When I returned to the Ruven House, I immediately sought out Mathias-san . I wanted to see him in order to get permisson to let the Pastel Rabbits stay at the mansion until I find someone to take them .

When I knocked at the door of Matthias-san’s office so that I could meet with him immediately, I got the permission to enter . But, when I looked into the office, I was startled by two men sitting on a sofa facing Matthias-san .

[So, what’s the matter?]

[I, I’m sorry . I didn’t know you had guests]

[They are people of a company I called for a private order, so it’s fine . Right, Takumi-san . Won’t you look at this for a bit?]

[Err…… yes, excuse me]

Matthias-san held out a few sheets of paper, so I approached Matthias-san, received the papers and checked the contents . They are apparently designs for a necklace .

The people Matthias-san is meeting seem to be jewelry merchants or perhaps designers?

[Allen too~]

[Elena too~]

[Ah, yes, yes]

While checking the designs, Allen and Elena drew closer to me . I stooped down to let the two see and the two peeked at the designs from the side .

[It’s for females, isn’t it? Is it perhaps for Rebecca-san?]

[Yeah, it’s almost Rebecca’s birthday, so it’s for a present . What do you think?]

[They are simple, but I think they are good designs]

[It’s simple after all……]

[……?]

There are three pictures of the designs, but all of them are metal pendants with a smallish pearl(?) attached to a chain . All are neat designs promoting the pearl . But, simple is apparently not good for Matthias-san .

[There’s no problem if there were for daily use, but taking them to an evening party would be……]

[Ahh……]

Indeed, it might be too simple for that……

The evening party dresses of the nobility have a gorgeous image, so a necklace like this might be too weak in comparison .

[Is this jewel supposed to be a pearl?]

[Yes, that’s correct . Wearing pearls is currently the trend, so I requested to make a design incorporating a pearl……]

It’s not good for a Count House to not chase the trends, or something like that?

This is what is troublesome when being a noble~

[Are you going to use one of those pearls? I’m sorry for being impolite, but those don’t seem too good……]

Several pearls were lined up on the table in front of Matthias-san, but not a single one of them stood out . Their shapes were distorted, and they had scratches on them .

[These were supposed to be the best among the pearls at our store……]

They were apparently the best pieces .

Realizing that my glabella wrinkled, one of the merchants said ashamedly .

[Pearls are rare in the first place and only a few reach the market, so people bring them to the evening parties to boast . They start being noisy and say things like[You have not get your hands on it yet?] . Although Rebecca keeps them company while ignoring them……]

Uwa~ Are the women engaged in a secret battle of wives!?

I see . Matthias-san wants to give a necklace to Rebecca-san that wouldn’t lose to noisy wives . In that case--

[Matthias-san, if it’s about pearls then won’t you use a few that I have on me? They are of a much better quality than those lined up here]

[Really? May I take a look?]

[Yes, I don’t mind]

I took out several pearls from the《Infinite Storage》 .

[These are wonderful!]

[Wha, what!]

[This is!!]

The three let out voices of admiration .

[I have several, so how about connecting the pearls of the same size together? I believe they would look exceptional depending on the dress]

First, I took out pearls of similar sizes and lined them up to form a pearl necklace . As expected, when talking about a pearl necklace it should be like this .

The color is royal white . Rebecca-san has red hair and red eyes, so I think white pearls would suit her the best~

[You want to use pearls so extravagantly?]

[I have a few, so it will work, you know? Right! How about making matching earrings or a hair ornament too?]

I remember seeing a pearl accessory set on a teleshopping programme .

Huh? In the case of a tri-set, it wouldn’t be a hair ornament but a ring, right? Well, there no need to fuss over the type, right?

[No…… Takumi-kun?]

Matthias-san was dumbfounded a little, but I can’t pull back after going this far…… thus, I decided to try pressing a little bit more and took out a slightly larger pearl .

[I also have something like this]

[[[Wwha!?]]]

The movements of the three instantly stopped . Eh, did I go too far?

However, the pearl I took out is only about a thumbnail size . It’s a size larger than the necklace pearls . To think this would make them shocked~……

If I took the biggest one on me, the golf ball sized pearl out, what reaction would they make? I feel like wanting to see their reaction, but…… let’s restrain myself .

[Takumi-kun is truly outrageous…… to think you would have an article like this on you……]

While Matthias-san sighed, the merchants started inspecting the pearl .

[What do you guys think?]

[It’s an article of rare beauty . A pearl this size surely haven’t appeared on the market before]

[Yes, that’s right . Moreover, I have no doubts that the design this gentleman proposed would suit your wife well]

[But……]

The merchants praised, but Matthias-san frowned .

[…… Is that no good?]

[It’s not that, but…… even the royal family surely doesn’t possess a fine article like this . There’s no way I could send Rebecca to an evening party knowing that, right?]

[……]

So that was the reason Matthias-san was frowning, huh . Nobles really seem to have it troublesome~……

However, I have a simple solution for that .

[In that case, let’s order some accessories made from the big size pearls and send them to Grace-sama and Aurora-sama . And then, we could make Rebecca-san’s necklace from pearls of this size . How about that?]

[Eh!? Wait a moment, Takumi-san . From the way you said that, it felt like you have more of these big sized pearls though?]

[I do?]

[What!?]

[[What did you say!?]]

I took out only one of the big sized pearls, so Matthias-san and the merchants must have thought I only have that one .

Since it’s like that, it will be the same if I took out another one…… is what I thought, but that doesn’t seem to be the case .

I wonder what will they do once I tell them I have more of these? Well, I don’t plan on displaying more than this though~

First of all, let’s take out another pearl of similar size . Right~ let’s take out a pink colored one .

[[[It’s colored!?]]]

[N?]

Huh? They were surprised by the pink pearl I took out .

Eh? Was showing them colored pearls not good by any chance?

[I, I’m sorry . Are colored pearls that rare?]

[Far from rare…… it’s my first time seeing one]

[I also haven’t seem one before]

[I’m the same . In the first place, I wasn’t aware that pearls of different color than white exist……]

[……]

It appears that I have done it again .




Chapter 129

[Allen also has~ Blue one~]

[Elena too~ Elena’s is yellow~]

[Ah! Wait--]

I wasn’t able to stop Allen and Elena who took out their pearls from their item bags . They were a golf ball sized pearls the two liked and picked when we were shown to the dumping place of the Mermaid Village by Mirena-san .

[[[……!!]]]

[Ah~……]

Seeing that, Matthias-san and others completely froze .

[[Huhh~?]]

[…… Allen, Elena . Wooould you please put that in your bags at once?]

[[This, no good~?]]

[It’s not bad, but everyone is startled . Therefore, let’s hide it for a moment, okay?]

[[U~n? Got it~]]

[Good children . Allen and Elenda[Don’t have them]okay?]

[[Don’t have them!]]

[[[No, no, no!]]]

[How about, you did not see any--]

[[[That wouldn’t be possible, right!!!]]]

[That won’t work, huh……]

While the Matthias-san and others were frozen, I told the children to hide the pearls in their bags and thought of making it seem as they saw an illusion… but, that wasn’t possible, huh . Bad luck .

[Takumi-kun! What’s with that out of the common sense sized pearl! Moreover, it’s blue! And a yellow one too!? What’s going on!?]

[It was a gift]

[A, a gift!? Such outrageous article!?]

When I answered Matthias-san honestly, “I don’t believe you” expression floated on his face .

I also thought so when I asked for these pearls, but they told me that they are worthless to the Merfolk after all~

[Excellent quality, different colors, and even the size, huh…… ah~ I get it now . What Wald was talking about was this, I see~]

[Eh……?]

Wald-sama? Just what did Wald-sama tell Matthias-san?

[Well you see, I was cautioned by Wald that “Be careful of the more than unexpected mess that will go in unexpected direction” . I couldn’t imagine what he meant, but now…… he meant something like this, I can now consent]

[…………]

Ehhhhh—!

Wald-sama, what an unfair thing to say~ Moreover, Matthias-san…… he’s consenting to it……

[I did not think such outrageous articles like that would come out . I can’t precisely calculate the worth of those pearls]

Haa…… as I thought, pearls of that size have such unthinkable value~

If he found out how many of them I have…… that would be bad, right? I definitely won’t let him find out how many of those pearls I have . But, you see~……--

[Pearls of this size should be occasionally dropped by Big Shells, but…… are they that valuable?]

[Indeed, as Takumi-kun says, there are documents that state “Huge pearls can be obtained from Big Shells” . However, I have never actually heard of someone obtaining a pearl from Big Shell . Big Shells are dwelling in the depths of the sea, so I have never seen Big Shell itself before!]

…… Come to think of it, Big Shells dwell in the deep seas~ Since that’s the case, humans generally can’t visit those regions~

On the contrary, the chance to encounter Big Shells are pretty high for Merfolk who reside in the depths of the sea~

[And yet! How could the children be in a possession of pearls like that!?]

[[Uniyu~?]]

[…… Is there a problem for them having it?]

[Problem…… a problem, huh~ Let’s se…… if there’s a problem then there “is” if there isn’t, then there “isn’t”]

[……]

No, no, no, which is it in the end-!?

[It means that if this gets out in the public, it will become a problem]

[Ermm……?]

[I’m not going to let anything bad happen, so can you entrust this matter to me?]

[Y, yes, go ahead please]

Matthias-san who grinned seems to be thinking of something bad .

[Ahh, would you sell a few of these pearls to me?]

[Yes, of course]

[I see . Now then--]

Entrusting everything about the pearls to Matthias-san, he immediately strictly ordered the merchants not to disclose anything regarding the golf ball sized pearls . On the other hand, he requested to buy several of the thumb-sized pearls as a bait(?) .

Since the merchants were able to receive good quality pearls, they immediately acknowledged . It appears they preferred certain profits rather than the information about the pearls that couldn’t be properly valued .

The talks then progressed without a hitch . We sold the pearls, ordered a necklace for Rebecca-san, earrings for Grace-sama and a hair ornament for Aurora-sama . Finally, the merchants left with pleased expressions .

[Rebecca will surely be surprised by the completed necklace~ ahh! That reminds me, Takumi-san, you wanted to talk with me about something, right? I’m sorry, I have slowed you down because of my negotiations . So, what did you want to talk about?]

After the merchants left, Matthias-san remembered the reason I came to his office and inquired .

…… I have completely forgotten about my original purpose too though .

[Ah~ that’s right . Actually, I have a request for you, Matthias-san]

[Request? What is it?]

I decided to talk about the Pastel Rabbits which were my original purpose .

[Yes, it’s about these children……]

Thinking that it would be faster to show him, I took off the lid of the basket and showed Matthias-san the Pastel Rabbits inside .

[N? Pastel Rabbits? You have quite a lot of them there~]

[Indeed . We came across them in the forest, but they wouldn’t leave us alone…… would it be possible to keep these children in the mansion until I find someone to keep them?]

[…… This is something again . I don’t have a problem with that]

When I explained that the wild Pastel Rabbits wouldn’t separate from us, Matthias-san made an expression that wanted to say something but couldn’t, but he gave the permission to keep them in the mansion in the meanwhile .

That being the case, I have to quickly look for their new owners . Even though I got the permission, if I draw it out…… I would probably get too attached after all~

[But…… you are not keeping them but rather looking for keepers?]

[Yes, I have already contracted different children, so keeping even these guys would be a little bit……]

[Oh my, that so? So, have you decided whom to entrust them to?]

[No, I will look for them from now on]

[I see . In that case, I happen to know of a few people who would love to keep a Pastel Rabbit, would you mind if I talked to them?]

[Not at all, I would be very thankful for that!]

Even if I search, I don’t have that many acquaintances . I thought I had no choice but to search blindly .

And, I thought of bringing them to the Adventurer’s Guild and putting them up for the requests if I had no other choice in the end . But that…… would feel as if I was disposing of them, so I wouldn’t like to do that~ I wanted to avoid that .

Therefore, I’m really grateful to Matthias-san .

After that, thanks to Matthias-san’s referral, all of the Pastel Rabbits were handed over .

Most of them were given to sons and daughters of the nobles Matthias-san was close with .

But before that, Rebecca-san who witnessed the children playing with the Pastel Rabbits decided to keep one in the Ruven House, and Grace-sama and Aurora-sama who got the word from who knows where, each decided to keep one .

By the way, I also brought the Ice Flower Grass to Felix-sama while delivering the Pastel Rabbits, but I was completely buried in Pastel Rabbits, but I digress .




Chapter 130

[Oh my, what might this be?]

[I have never seen something like this before]

[But, it looks really delicious~]

Today, there’s a tea party organized by Rebecca-san in the Ruven House .

The participants of the tea party are naturally people of the nobility . Madams of various ages and young ladies slightly younger than me .

It’s a women’s party, so the only men participating are children . And yet, here I am participating and extremely uncomfortable . I’m sorry, but there is a reason for this .

[This you see, was made by Takumi-san . He’s an adventurer our House is a guardian of, but his cooking is top-grade . Now then, all of them are exquisite . Please, try them by all means]

As requested by Rebecca-san, I came up with the menu today and made it with the chefs of the Ruven House .

Various mouth-sized sandwiches with jam, eggs, tuna and more .

Pound cakes made from a mix of butter, sugar, eggs and flour . The expanding itself was poor because of no baking powder, but it was made with a plenty of nuts and dried fruit, so it was passable .

I also improved the tasteless cookie recipe of this world, made them into small containers, and tried to make fruit tarts by filling them with custards cream and fruits .

Of course, we also made the improved cookies and the chefs prepared various ice creams by trial and error .

[My! Rebecca-sama, it’s really delicious~]

[Truly]

[Each of them are wonderful~]

The things we prepared were seemed to be well-received in general .

[Isn’t that right? Her Majesty and Her Highness the Crown Princess also praised them highly~]

[My, is that so?]

[But, with these articles, I can understand]

As Rebecca-san said, today’s articles were tasted by Grace-sama and Aurora-sama .

While coming up with the menu for today, they suddenly appeared incognito in the Ruven House, and sampled the food . I was really flustered at that time .

I was hesitating to let them sample the food which I made as an experiment, but Grace-sama and Aurora-sama wanted to try it no matter what, so I had no other choice .

Well, they received it deliciously even though there was still a plenty of room for improvement .

[Also, Takumi-san was kind enough to give a permission to convey all things necessary for the sweets you see today to those interested]

While the participants ate, Rebecca-san continued talking .

[My, is that true!?]

[I am so happy to hear that~ I would definitely like to ask for them!]

[Of course, I would like to take them home as well!]

Thereupon, the madams unanimously desired the recipes .

Winning the madams like this and building up their friendship with me . That was the purpose of today’s tea party .

To begin with, a great number of letters have apparently arrived at the Ruven House from people that intended to get close to me after the audience with His Majesty .

It was possible to decline and not get in contact with those people, but Matthias-san and Rebecca-san told me that rather than poorly hiding, it would be better to build up a friendship with them .

Thus, today’s tea party was carried out as we are starting by winning over the women with sweets . Well, the people that are here today are people whom Rebecca-san has a good relationship with, so I expected there wouldn’t be any problems . It appears we were able to grasp their hearts .

[U, umm……]

[Is something the matter?]

As the second half of the tea party approached and the inquiries about sweets came to an end, a girl of around thirteen or fourteen years of age called out to me .

[My name is Lilika Stanval]

[Thank you for your politeness . I am sorry for my late introductions, I am called Takumi . So, what is the matter?]

[I wanted to thank you, Takumi-sama]

[Thank me?]

I don’t know any noble young ladies . Therefore, this should be our first meeting .

N~ I don’t recall ever hearing a house name Stanval either . Someone like her wants to thank me?

[Yes! Thank you very much for giving me a Pastel Rabbit . I have always wanted to keep one]

[Ah!]

She’s one of the people who received the Pastel Rabbits from Matthias-san .

[My! Lilika-sama got a Pastel Rabbit? Me too!]

[Sistina-sama also received one from Takumi-sama then?]

[Yes! I quite couldn’t my hands on one and then we were contacted by Count Ruven-sama]

Another girl, which seemed slightly older than Lilika-sama, about fifteen to sixteen years of age joined in . It seems that she’s also one of those who received the Pastel Rabbits .

[Are your Pastel Rabbits well?]

[Yes! It was cautious at first, but it’s completely attached to me now]

[It’s the same at our place . Recently, it even lets me to feed it on my lap!]

[Ah, mine does too! It extremely cute while eating~]

[Thank you very much for adoring them]

[You don’t have to thank us! It’s only natural we adore them!]

[That’s right!]

From what they said, the girls are treasuring their Pastel Rabbits . Also, it seems the Pastel Rabbits also got attached to them .

[What color is your Pastel Rabbit, Lilika-sama? The color of my child is orange]

[My child is light green]

[A green one surely must be cute as well . Why don’t we let them meet the next time, if you are all right with that?]

[Yes! I would like to meet Sistina-sama’s child!]

[Of course]

The two seemed to be acquaintances, but apparently didn’t interact that much before . But, they have completely hit it off thanks to the Pastel Rabbits . They seem like really close friends now .

[That reminds me, Takumi-sama is also keeping Pastel Rabbits, right?]

[Eh!? Yes, these children wanted to keep them, so……]

While watching them get along well, the talk has suddenly returned to me .

[Then, Takumi-sama went to search for Pastel Rabbits for his little brother and little sister? If I’m not mistaken, you are an adventurer, aren’t you?]

[Oh my? Then, we have received our bunnies thanks to these children?]

[That might be so~]

[……]

No, it’s slightly different…… well, I don’t have to correct every single thing, so let’s leave it at that~

[[Onii~ chan]]

[N? What’s wrong, Allen, Elena?]

[Shiro, Pipi, Reamu]

[Mimi, Chacha]

Allen and Elena who were quiet until now suddenly brought up Shiro and others .

[What’s the matter with Shiro and others?]

[[Wanna play~]]

It appears that the two wanted to play with Shiro and others after hearing all the talk about the Pastel Rabbits .

[Are those perhaps the names of the Pastel Rabbits you are keeping? You are keeping five of them?]

[[Un!]]

[Woah! That’s amazing]

[Won’t you let us see them?]

[[Fine~ -- Onii~ chan!]]

They didn’t say it properly, but Allen’s and Elena’s gazes are chanting “call them, call them” so I summoned Shiro and others . When I did that, it turned out terrifying .

[My! It’s Pastel Rabbits!]

[How adorable they are!]

When Allen, Elena, Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama started getting excited by the Pastel Rabbits surrounding them, other young ladies started steadily gathering .

Allen and Elena were supposed to be shy of strangers, but at a time like this, they adored Shiro and others together with the young ladies .

[My, my, you are surrounded by young ladies, Takumi-sama~ how popular~]

[……]

And, Rebecca-san who watched us smiled in a good mood .




Chapter 131

[Matthias-dono, is this today’s lunch?]

[That’s right, is something the problem?]

The next day after the women’s tea party, a luncheon meeting was held next . Of course, by the Ruven House!

The participants are noble men including Matthias-san . In additions, Knights including Wald-sama and Isaac-san are here and there .

And, the crucial menu is the long-awaited curry .

It has been requested by the people of the Ruven House, so I actually wanted to let them eat it sooner . However…… there was no opportunity . Somehow, it got prolonged, but it finally reached the dining table today…… well, the number of people eating is much larger than originally planned~

[The…… problem……]

[Because the brown color…… it’s quite an indescribable dish……]

[Yeah, the smell is also a little tight……]

The participants seem to be slightly put off by the curry’s appearances . Well certainly, curry might seem nothing but suspicious to those who aren’t accustomed to seeing it . There are no colors in particular after all~

[Everyone, don’t be tricked by its appearances and give it a try . You definitely won’t regret it]

But, Matthias-san confidently recommended it .

But you know, Matthias-san . This is also your first time eating curry, isn’t it Matthias-san? And yet, how can you be so confident…… no, it makes me very happy that you think it will be delicious since it’s something I have cooked though .

[Nn!!]

[This is!?]

[D, delicious!]

The moment the people who were hesitating because of the curry’s appearances tried it, they shouted in surprise .

[Yeah, tonkatsu and curry do match well just as I thought!]

Wald-sama ate greedily with an expression of consent .

[Takumi-san, it’s delicious]

Isaac-san ate gracefully, but the curry in his plate was decreasing rapidly .

[[Delish~]]

Allen and Elena stuffed their cheeks with whole-faced smiles .

[So this is the Katsu Curry, huh . This is very good!]

Matthias-san also ate while admiring .

[Still…… to think White Wheat could be this soft~]

[White Wheat, you said!?]

[What!? This is White Wheat!?]

[Count Ruven, is that the truth!?]

The people showed surprise at Matthias-san’s “White Wheat” remark .

Well, White Wheat = fodder, after all .

[Yes, this white grain is called rice, which is a prepared White Wheat . I’m sorry for not saying anything before you tried it . However, it was delicious, right?]

[Haha! I’m not going to blame you after eating something this good]

[Matthias-dono was surely aiming for that]

[Haha, that’s right]

[Then, we have splendidly met your expectations, didn’t we?]

They don’t seem to be angry . Well, they are people Matthias-san chose to invite, so he might have let them secretly eat White Wheat while anticipating their reactions .

This and the tea party too, it’s certain that the Ruven couple has eyes for people . They certainly invited people whom we might become friends with .

[N~…… we harvest White Wheat in our fief every year, but to think it had another use besides fodder! And that is for people to eat!]

[Truly! I did not think it could turn into something like this]

[Yeah, we produce it in the leftover plot of land, but if it’s this delicious, then there’s a worth in expanding . It might be a good idea to consider increasing the production]

Ohh! Isn’t the White Wheat’s wind going in the right direction?

As long as White Wheat’s deliciousness spreads, I will be honestly joyful .

[I think everyone understood from eating, but rice itself doesn’t have that much of a taste, therefore it has a great affinity with various foods . Isn’t that right, Takumi-kun?]

[Correct . It goes well with strongish flavored dishes like curry and it’s also delicious when stir-fried together with various chopped ingredients]

[I see . So, this curry, was it? Was it made by you?]

One of the participants asked while looking at me .

[Yes, as you might have guessed, he is Takumi-kun--the adventurer I’m a guardian of]

When Matthias-san explained in my stead with a smile, all the gazes gathered on me .

Being center of attention really feels unpleasant~

[Err…… this is made with a seasoning consisting of a combination of many herbs called curry powder, and anyone can easily make curry by using that . Also, about this curry powder, it will be soon on sale at the Fiji Company]

[Oh! Is that true!?]

[I have to confirm with the Fiji Company right away!]

I ended up advertising the sale of the curry powder .

Look, there’s a possibility that it won’t sell at all if there’s no degree of familiarity with the product, right? That would be sad~ I don’t expect it to sell like stupid, but since it will be on the market, I would be happy if it sold .

But, seeing the reactions, it seems to be going in the right direction .

[My, my, Takumi-kun seems to have a knack for business too~]

[Hahaha~]

Matthias-san poked fun at me, but……--

[[Onii~ chan, seconds~]]

[Ah, Takumi, seconds for me too please]

Allen and Elena interrupted that and asked for another helping . Followed by Wald-sama .

[…… Sorry . My son is like that]

[Ha, hahaha~……]

Though it’s natural for the children, Wald-sama also ate in silence without listening to the conversation .

Matthias-san let out an exhausted sigh .

[Oy, Takumi?]

[Yes, yes, do you want another helping of Katsu Curry? What about Allen and Elena?]

[[N~…… ah! Medama~]]

[M, Medama!? Oy, Takumi! What are you feeding them!?]

[No, no, no, Wald-sama, what are you misunderstanding!? It’s Medamayaki! The children are talking about eggs!!]

Medama, what kind of eyeballs were you imagining in the first place!? Tuna or Seabream--fish eyes? Although I have never ate them, they are commonly eaten, you know?

N~ is it perhaps that the eyeballs of the fish on Aetherdia have poison so they can’t be eaten or something?

No, even though it can be eaten, the situation might be similar to the White Wheat . It’s probably like t hat .

[Eggs? What, don’t startle me like that~ ah, Medamayaki for mee too then!]

[Takumi-san, I would also like to eat that]

[Me too!]

[Same here!]

After the vanguard of the Knights, a storm for seconds occurred and the large stock of curry kept on emptying .




Chapter 132

The next day after the luncheon meeting, when the inquiries about the curry powder were flooding in, a messenger of the main branch of Fiji Company arrived at the Ruven House .

A response right on the heels of yesterday…… it appears that people who ate yesterday’s curry liked it quite a lot . No, I realized yesterday that they liked it, but I didn’t know it was to this extent .

Therefore, I immediately returned with the messenger back to the Fiji Company .

[Takumi-dono, please forgive me for calling you over]

The one who came to greet me was the president of the Fiji Company, Stefan-san . He’s a man in his forties with pretty good physique .

[No, please don’t mind it . Rather, I’m sorry for coming late to greet you]

[No, no! However, I appreciate your concern]

I intended to show up at the Capital’s Fiji Company before long . See, I thought of confirming the state of progress of the curry powder~

However…… I have missed the opportunity and completely forgot about it~ Well, as long as Stefan-san doesn’t mind it .

[So, what did you want to talk about?]

[Mainly when is the curry powder going to get sold]

[Is that so~]

Which reminds me, I have not heard when the curry powder is going to enter the market .

[Do you have a specific date fixed yet?]

[No, that’s…… actually, we don’t have a concrete date yet . We are currently making arrangements for the stable purchase of the herbs……]

[I see]

Indeed, the purchase route of the herbs can’t be neglected .

[However! This is the ideal timing to acquire many herbs! My merchant intuition is telling me that I can’t miss this chance!!]

Oou…… Stefan-san got extremely passionate .

Well, I also think that this is the perfect timing .

[Therefore! I’m thinking of priority sale in the Capital and Bailey!]

A simultaneous sale in all branches of the Fiji Company would be impossible, but the Capital and the origin (?) of curry which is Bailey shouldn’t be a problem . I think there should be a plenty of sales if it’s those two shops .

[That sounds good . I think I am fine with that]

To begin with, the existence of curry powder is known only to a part of the Capital and Bailey . Starting there shouldn’t be a problem…… n?

…… Huh? Come to think of it, I did send some via the Adventurer’s Guild’s transfer device (simple) to Road-san of the[Gold Wheat’s Shop]who took care of me in Shirin~ Together with a recipe for Curry bread .

I don’t know whether Road-san was able to make a Curry bread or not after that~

Well, I sent a plenty of curry powder at that time, so I think he should still be all right…… let’s see~ would it be all right for Shirin to receive priority after Bailey and the Capital? … . . But, huh?

[Excuse me, Stefan-san . Does your company has a branch in Shirin?]

[Yes, Shirin is a major city, so we do have a branch there . Is something the matter?]

Oh, there is a Fiji Company in Shirin . I haven’t noticed when I was in Shirin at all though~

[No, I believe that an acquaintance of mine is using curry powder in Shirin…… I was wondering if Shirin could get prioritized next if that would be all right with you…… ah, but it’s fine to ignore me if I’m asking the unreasonable!]

[There shouldn’t be a problem if that’s the case . I will keep that in mind]

[Thank you very much]

I’m glad . With this, Road-san will be able to purchase curry powder if needed .

[Erm…… then, all that’s left is to decide on the sales date?]

[No, I have one more thing I would like your opinion on, may I?]

[Yes, sure . What is it?]

Stefan-san who was smiling from the beginning to the end suddenly looked serious .

[I am confident that those who know about curry powder will buy it . However, if the familiarity is low……]

Ah, I see…… of course it would be like that . Soy sauce also didn’t sell much because no one knew how to use it~ If that’s the case, then it’s highly possible that the curry powder would be treated the same way .

Since it’s like that, to put it simply, we should raise the familiarity of the curry powder?

[Let’s see, how about a sampling gathering in front of the shop?]

[Sampling…… is it? Curry powder? It can’t be eaten on its own, can it?]

[We could let people sample a curry powder flavored soup or smallish pieces of meat . The passersby may taste it and like it enough to buy the curry powder]

[I see, to let the people actually taste it, huh]

I once unconsciously bought a product I sampled in a supermarket…… my goodness, I actually did it quite often~ Therefore, I think that those who liked the taste of the curry powder will buy it on the spot .

No, rather than that--

[Better yet, how about opening a stall in front of the shop? Something like curry powder flavored meat skewers]

It would be fine to sell it like the butter and soy scallops the last time, right?

Dishes made with curry powder are equally as fragrant as butter and soy sauce, so I’m sure it will attract customers .

[Ohh! That is a good idea! --Meat skewers, soup…… n~ stir-fried vegetables also sound good……]

When I spoke about a street stall, Stefan-san quickly got on board . Well, he is a merchant, I feel that actually selling the product has more charm for him than a simple sampling .

Stefan-san has completely gotten submerged in thoughts as he was muttering[That’s not good, but that might work well]to himself .

[[Finished~?]]

[N~…… I wonder about that?]

Allen and Elena called out to me when the discussion suspended .

I can’t set the concrete sale day by myself, so I don’t think the discussion has come to an end just yet……

As expected, the two find this kind of conversations boring~ But even so, I’m grateful that they could stay obedient .

[…… Umm~]

[Ha! I, I am sorry about that]

[[Finished~?]]

Allen and Elena asked again . They asked Stefan-san this time .

[Yes! I am sorry to have taken the time of your Oniisama . I have newly acquired products from a dungeon as an apology, please wait a moment by all means]

[[Delish~?]]

[…… Eh~…… T, that’s……]

It seems that Stefan-san has prepared gifts, but he was hesitating for some reason when the children asked about the taste .

[I have no doubts that it’s food, but…… it has been discovered just recently, so…… I’m quite not sure……]

Is this that? Did he hear something from the Bailey’s branch’s manager that I’m looking for unfamiliar ingredients like the soy sauce?

A new food from a dungeon, huh~ I wonder what would it be? I’m looking forward to it a little .

[Then, you mean it hasn’t appeared on the market before? I’m happy to hear that . But, it’s something unusual, right? Is it all right to give me something like that?]

[To be frank, it’s a product beyond our capability…… I thought of giving it to you…… I heard that Takumi-dono asked for unusual ingredients like that in Bailey……]

Ahh, he did hear about it from Bailey just as I thought~

[That’s correct . I don’t mind buying it off of you either?]

[No, no! Please take it without minding . Well then, I will have it prepared right away]

Stefan-san decided to kindly hand me the newly discovered product of a dungeon .

[-- This is it . It contains rather bitter beans, but……]

[!!]

What Stefan-san came with was a dark-brown, rugby ball like thing .

When I immediately used【Appraisal】on it, it unexpectedly displayed[Cocoa Pod]!

Isn’t this that! Cacao!?

[In which dungeon was this discovered!?]

[I heard it was from Creta Country’s intermediate-level dungeon]

Creta, huh…… that’s the neighbor of Guardia country’s neighbor if I’m not mistaken .

Going immediately is not possible, but I would love to take a look eventually~

[Takumi-dono, do you know what this is?]

[To be honest, I can’t say . However, I would like to try using it in various ways . If you can obtain more of these, could you please secure them for me?]

[Yes, please leave it to me!]

Alright, even if I can’t obtain them myself, I have a way to acquire them again .

[[Onii~ chan, is that delish~?]]

[N~ I wonder? Will Allen and Elena help me to make delicious things out of it?]

[[Will work hard~!]]

Obtaining cocoa beans that I did not plan to get, I returned to the Ruven House while feeling like chuckling to myself .




Chapter 133

I, who carried the Kaoka pods decided to immediately borrow an area in the Ruven House’s kitchen .

[N~ the processing of Cacao, huh~……]

I don’t exactly know the correct way to make chocolate from cacao beans .

I have received five Kaoka pods in total from Stefan-san .

[I have to assume that I’m going to waste one or two of them……]

The process that comes to mind first is to roast and grind them?

Even if there are more fine details to the process, I can’t be sure that Earth-san’s Cacao beans are the same as Aetherdia-san’s Kaoka beans .

[Let’s open them first?]

I can’t progress without seeing the contents of the Kaoka first . While I was thinking such, Allen and Elena shook with the Kaoka .

[This, it rattle, rattles~]

[Amu~sing!]

A rattling sound resounded from the pods when shaken, almost like Maracas .

[Allen, Elena, you look like you are having fun, but it’s still food, so let’s not play with it, okay?]

[[Can’t play~?]]

[I would like if you didn’t~]

[[…… N~ got it~]]

When I amiably cautioned them, Allen and Elena obediently returned the Kaoka pods .

[Thank you . Well then, let’s open it]

[[Un]]

Then, opening one of the Kaoka pods, many 500 yen coin brown beans were packed inside . There’s about thirty to forty of them . N~ were Cacao beans like this?

To be honest, I have no recollection…… no, I feel like it was wrapped in something white? They are normally lined up in the pod, aren’t they? But, the beans are just casually scattered around the Kaoka pod . No wonder it rattles when shaken~

Well, let’s wash it and make it clean first .

[《Washing》]

I cleaned the beans with magic and started processing them right away .

[This is, a shell…… right?]

I realized that the brown outer layer is a shell and the black nib inside is what I want .

I pinched the shell between my fingers and crisply peeled it off . I tried bitting the bit I peeled off just in case, but it was a shell after all .

[[Munch]]

[Ah!]

[[Ngu]]

Allen and Elena imitated me and placed the shells in their mouths . Only, unlike me who just took a bite, the children were intending to eat it!

[Allen, Elena! That’s not for eating, quickly spit it out!]

I urged them to spit it out in panic .

[[Not de~lish]]

Ueh~ Allen and Elena grimaced after spitting out the shells .

Though I am at fault for putting it in my mouth in front of the two--

[Geez~ Your Oniichan has just taken a bite, it’s not like I ate it~]

[[Uu~ but~]]

[I will properly give the delicious thing to Allen and Elena, so don’t try to eat out of your own accord anymore, okay?]

[[…… Yesss~]]

As it really wasn’t good at all, the two replied dejectedly .

[Err, what…… do I do next? Do I roast it after all?]

Pulling myself together, I imagined that the next step of the process would be to roast it, so I decided to try roasting half of the peeled beans .

When I did so, I smelled a faint Cacao-ish fragrance .

[Oh, what a nice smell]

[[Nice smell~ is done~?]]

[Not yet~ this will be very bitter if eaten as is~]

[[Muu~]]

The two held out their hands as if saying ‘please give’ but unfortunately for them, it’s not in an edible sate yet . When I told them so, the two unwillingly withdrew their hands .

[This much should be fine? Next is--]

Next, I ground it until it was muddy and mixed it with sugar and milk .

[…… Something like this? But, something feels wrong, doesn’t it~]

And it’s done! I don’t have the confidence to declare so…… unfortunately, I can’t say that it doesn’t feel like a disaster . I mean, it’s too thick for it to be considered a melted chocolate!

[Done~?]

[Is done~?]

[I wonder? Let’s try giving it a taste]

[[Yaay~]]

It’s no use being troubled here, so I decided to give it a lick .

Allen and Elena were delighted as they were waiting for this .

[[Uniyu~]]

[Whoa! That’s terrible grotesque~~~]

The moment I put it in my mouth, I was assaulted by extreme uncomfortableness .

The taste, well it did taste like a chocolate, but…… the texture was gritty, and the melt-in-the-mouth was horrible too .

[This is a complete failure~]

I have to be more thorough with the grinding . As for the melt-in-the-mouth…… I, unfortunately, have no idea .

[[Is delish~ you know~?]]

[Ah~ that’s because Allen and Elena don’t know what a genuine chocolate is~]

Allen and Elena looked at me with expressions that asked[Why?] .

I see . People who don’t know what the real chocolate is would find this tasty, huh……

However, as for me, I can’t accept it . What do I do…… ah, would Cocoa be easier? Cocoa is errm…… was it made from pressing(?) ground powder?

Huh…… pressing? That means I need to press it somehow?

Umm…… what is Cacao beans used for in the first place…… chocolate and Cocoa . Also, cocoa mass? …… No, cocoa mass = cacao beans, was it?

Then, what is made from pressing cocoa mass again~? Well, first of all, I decided to roast the remaining Cacao beans and try making Cocoa .

[Huh?]

When I tried pressing it, something greasy came out .

Err…… what is this? Cacao oil? Ah, what if I added this to the pseudo-chocolate I made a little while ago?

[No, no, let’s complete the Cocoa first!]

After reprimanding myself, I pressed the powder . Well~ I managed to do the compression and drying with magic, so the labor was quite easy~ If I had to do all of this manually, then I would definitely end up giving up~

[Oh, doesn’t this look good?]

I safely finished something that looked like Cocoa .

Next, I tried adding the Cacao oil into that thing from before and tried making chocolate . The result, it still has a way to go, but it’s a lot better than before .

As for me, I am still dissatisfied with this “chocolate” but Allen and Elena find it delicious so I decided to call it complete . I’m going to improve it little by little when I have the time . Well, I can mix it things and it’s sufficient for a chocolate drink, so it will be probably used like that .




Chapter 134

[[Ah!]]

Entering the Adventurer’s Guild after a while, Allen and Elena called out the moment we went inside .

[Ah! I have finally encountered you~!!]

The Beastman I have dueled before has appeared before us .

[Eh?]

[[Uniyu?]]

He was a man with quite an abusive language and I have also finished the duel instantly, so his friendly attitude made me uncomfortable .

Allen and Elena showed caution at first, but his attitude changed so much they stared at him in puzzlement .

[Err…… Raizel, was it?]

[Yes! You have remembered me! I’m delighted!!]

As expected, something is wrong . Raizel shouldn’t be such a character .

Even though he was like an ill-bred, drunk Yankee before, he seems like a good young man now .

Just what has woken up in him?

[Do you need something from me?]

I directly inquired about his business .

[I’m truly sorry about before!! Please make me your underling!!]

[Haah!?]

Raizel suddenly fell to his knees prostrating and apologized .

I understand the apology . However, underling? Just what is Raizel talking about?

[Wha, wait a moment . I don’t understand well what you are saying……]

[I would like you to treat me as a little brother!]

[No, what are you asking for now……]

I seriously don’t understand .

[I have fallen in love with Aniki‘s strength!]

[……]

[[Uniyu~]]

Uwa~…… what is this? …… What kind of farce is this?

Ah, perhaps…… wolves have the habit of flattering the boss, don’t they? Do the Beastmen have the same habit…… or something~?

[What is this? What’s going on?]

[Oy, the[Ash Wolf]is prostrating himself!?]

[Seriously? The fellow in front of him is…… wha, it’s that guy!!]

[What, you know him?]

[It’s him, the one! It’s[Setsuna], the one who insta-defeated[Ash Wolf]in duel!]

[That is[Setsuna no Takumi]!? He certainly is accompanied by children just like in the rumors!]

[That man of delicate features insta-defeated Raizel? Seriously? Have you not make a mistake?]

[I’m telling you it’s him! He really decided the match instantly!]

The surroundings started making a ruckus . Well, it would be strange if they didn’t make a ruckus with Raizel prostrating himself in the public~

Rather! Wasn’t that discussion quite improper? What do you mean by[Setsuna]! Just when did you attach a nickname to my name!! Moreover, what rumors!?

[My, my, I was wondering what the ruckus was about, so it was this~]

At that time, the receptionist of the Adventurer’s Guild Keimi-san came after hearing the ruckus . Then, after confirming the situation, her expression showed consent for some reason .

Why are you showing consent after seeing this!?

[Keimi-san, there are many things I would like to ask about……]

[Is that about Raizel? Or perhaps about the nickname?]

Keimi-san who knew what I wanted to ask returned my words .

[…… Both]

[N~ you won’t calm down if I don’t explain, right? Let’s see, I will prepare a private room, so let’s move there?]

[Please]

After making the proposal, Keimi-san grabbed the nape of the prostrating Raizel and dragged him along .

[G, gan’t breathe……]

[Be obedient for a little . --Takumi-san, this way]

[…… Y, yes]

Keimi-san…… you are simply dragging the arrogant Raizel behind you…… it looks like she actually has a superhuman strength .

In the private room, the happenings until now have been promptly explained to me .

[First, regarding your nickname because that matter is simple . People who saw your duel with Raizel immediately spread the results around . There seemed to be other opinions such as[Insta-killer]and[Strong Wind]but they eventually decided on[Setsuna] . Takumi-san has become A-rank adventurer very quickly so you didn’t have a nickname, but all high-ranking adventurers have one, so please give up on opposing . [Setsuna]--doesn’t it sound good? Of course, I was also pushing for[Setsuna]♪]

[……]

I shouldn’t have asked . Well, having a nickname isn’t a bad thing, so let’s accept it .

But, Keimi-san finished her explanation with a wink at the end . Doesn’t[Setsuna]sound like something Keimi-san would come up with?

[Next, about Raizel……--]

With my thoughts in another place, Keimi-san started explaining my second question .

[Raizel was originally a child like this]

[Eh? No way!?]

[It’s true . Well, he always had a short temper though~ However, I was getting worried about his sudden growth of power…… to put it bluntly, it was rubbing off on him . It must have been the backlash from courting our Carna . He’s not a bad child so I was carefully watching over him, but…… the rest is as Takumi-san knows . By challenging you, he got beaten at his own game and snapped out of it]

[Truly?]

[Truly]

It’s hard to believe since my first impressions of him were the worst, but there’s no reason for Keimi-san to lie, so let’s believe it .

…… Ahh, so that’s why . No wonder Keimi-san’s and Andy-san’s reactions were so carefree even though their daughter was involved……

[I really believe that I was wrong that time! Therefore, please! Please make me your underling!!]

Still, even though Raizel might not be a bad guy, I would like to refrain from having an underling .

[Sorry, but--]

[Please!!]

[No, sorry--]

[Pleaseee!!]

[……]

He wouldn’t let me say no .

Not knowing what to do about this, I looked at Keimi-san who was smiling in amusement!

[…… Keimi-san]

[Fufu, pardon me]

Keimi-san apologized, but it seems she has no intentions of doing anything about this situation .

[Aniki! I beg you!]

A, Aniki, he says……

Raizel pleaded with his head deeply bowing .

[[No-!!]]

But at that time, Allen and Elena raised their voices .

[Onii~ chan is Allen’s and Elena’s-!]

[Won’t give-!]

Because Raizel called me “Aniki“, the two clung to me as if saying “not going to hand him over” .

[My, my♪ Raizel, it looks like these children won’t give you the rights for Takumi-san to become your Oniichan . How about giving up?]

[…… Ku . B, but……--]

[It’s not like you are going to bully little children like this too, right? Give up?]

[…… Ugh]

Keimi-san eventually threatened him with her smile, so under Keimi-san’s oppressing smile, Raizel finally gave up .




Chapter 135

[A, Aniki--]

[[Muu~]]

[…… Takumi-san, the place of destination is that way]

Raizel who has reluctantly given up on becoming my underling wanted to be in contact with me even for a little, so he brought up going on a request together next .

I have declined at first, but…… I was beaten by his persistence . Keimi-san also told me that Raizel should calm down once I grant him his wish, so we decided to accept a request together on that very day .

And along the way, when Raizel calls me Aniki, Allen and Elena will glare at Raizel, making him correct himself--such thing has already repeated several times today .

Allen and Elena dislike it when Raizel calls me Aniki, but they don’t seem to mind Raizel tagging along on the request itself~

[Did you stay at the Capital for a long time, Raizel?]

The request we have received this time was a simple herb gathering, but the herbs themselves are located deep in the forest…… it’s quite a difficult place to reach . Despite that, Raizel guided us on the way as if he was used to the path .

[Yes!]

[Hee~ have you been born here?]

[No, I wasn’t . I have become an adventurer immediately upon coming of age, left for the capital a while later and then settled down here after a while]

Raizel is…… 23? That means he has been in the capital for 7 or 8 years?

Rather! I have noticed this just now, but isn’t Raizel older than me!

But, the current Raizel is…… he’s acting like my admiring junior, isn’t he~

[[Ah]]

At that time, Allen and Elena noticed something and called out . Judging by their reaction, a monster is coming our way .

[Oh, a monster is coming . --This is a Shadow Wolf, isn’t it?]

Simultaneously with the two’s reaction, Raizel noticed the presence of the monster . Moreover, he even got the race of the monster right! Seeing his nose sniffing the air, Raizel must have distinguished the monster by smell . As I thought, the noses of Beastmen are very effective .

[There’s two of them . What would you like to handle them?]

Before long, two black wolves--Shadow Wolves entered the view .

Raizel is surely asking who is going to confront the Shadow Wolves .

[Errr……]

I have glanced at Allen and Elena .

I was worried about the two who were obediently standing by my side since they usually charge at the monsters that appear before us .

However, the children were staring at Raizel without moving……

[Ta, Takumi-san . I, I feel like I’m being extremely stared at by the children, but……]

[…… That seems to be the case]

Allen and Elena stared at Raizel so much I thought they would stare a hole out in him .

Just what do the two want from Raizel?

[! F, first of all, I will take care of the Shadow Wolves]

Not being able to stand Allen’s and Elena’s stare anymore, Raizel started running towards the Shadow Wolves in flusteredly .

[He’s fast as ever~]

When Raizel drew closer to the Shadow Wolves, he punched out without any wasteful movements . One of the Shadow Wolves who received the blow has gotten blown away .

The second Shadow Wolf rushed at Raizel from his blind spot, but Raizel dealt with it by roundhouse kicking without panicking .

They are lower-ranked monsters, but he fought without any risks . As expected of a B-ranker .

[As expected . You had no wasteful movements~]

[Nono, the opponents were Shadow Wolves after all . I still have a long way to go . --Oh, there is another Shadow Wolf coming]

It seems that another Shadow Wolf has appeared again .

But, Allen and Elena who didn’t move before sprung to action now .

[In this way]

[Like this?]

The two who approached the Shadow Wolf moved with familiar movements .

[Roundhouse kick……]

[Are those my movements?]

Right, they defeated a Shadow Wolf with the same movements Raizel showed while defeated the Shadow Wolves .

[[Did it~?]]

The two who defeated the Shadow Wolf dragged the corpse along with cheery smiles .

[…… Did Allen and Elena mimic Raizel’s movements?]

[[Un! Did it~?]]

[Ahh, yes, you were amazing~]

[[Ehehe~]]

It wasn’t a coincidence, Allen and Elena were definitely mimicking Raizel’s movements .

[[Coming~]]

A Rock Bear has appeared this time .

Then, Allen and Elena stared at Raizel again……

[A, are they telling me to go, perhaps?]

Raizel who already understood from seeing the two fight realized what Allen’s and Elena’s gazes meant .

[That seems to be the case . Can I leave it to you?]

[A single Rock Bear is not a problem, but……]

Raizel confronted the Rock Bear while bewildered .

I won’t force Raizel if he felt uncomfortable, but…… he seems to be all right .

When Raizel cut the distance between the Rock Bear, he dove into its bosom . Then, he sent out an uppercut . He hit its chin, which caused the Rock Bear to falter . He then grabbed the Rock Bear’s arm and threw it against a nearby tree .

The Rock Bear vigorously crashed against the tree and groaned…… the moment the tree fell to the ground, the Rock Bear stopped moving .

A way of fighting that is impossible for me . In the first place, I don’t think I would be able to jump into a bear’s bosom . That’s why I have been mainly fighting from range with magic up until now . I don’t think my way of fighting is bad, but I feel that Raizel’s way of fighting is simply amazing .

[[Ohh~]]

Allen and Elena let out voices of admiration with sparkles in their eyes .

[Err…… was it to your liking?]

[[Un!]]

[Ug……]

Raizel who returned nervously got embarrassed from the children’s honest praise .

[Yea~ you really was incredible]

[[Ama~zing]]

[Pl, please stop it! W, what is this supposed to be! Keep your flattery at moderation please!]

I feel that Raizel’s cheeks turned even redder when I gave him a praise .

[No, they are my true feelings . I really think you were incredible . --Right, Allen, Elena?]

[[Incre~dible]]

[A, aren’t you praising me too much!?]

Raizel’s face became increasingly red . Moreover, his tail which was originally only lightly swaying is now moving without any signs of stopping .

[Shy~?]

[Embrrassed~?]

[Wwha!!]

Because of Allen’s and Elena’s straight pitch, Raizel’s tail stood up in attention and his face got bright red .

[…… Ku . Hahaha~]

Seeing such an exchange, I unintentionally burst into laughter .

I think that Raizel’s actions were only natural, but…… it somehow became really fun .




Chapter 136

[Ahh, this way]

Raizel showed a pattern and Allen and Elena copied it--while that repeated for several times, we have arrived at our destination . Yea~ my turn did not appear .

[Whoa, that’s a pretty deep valley]

[[Dee~p]]

The destination was a valley of a considerable depth, moreover, it was a place where strong wind occasionally blew from the bellow .

The requested[Crystal Flower]grows at the mountainside of this valley .

[At the bottom is…… a river?]

Taking a look down, I could see a river .

[That’s right . A deep river flows down below, although you won’t die if you fall down, please still watch your steps]

I thought I chose a relatively safe request, but it seems to be more dangerous than I thought .

[Have you gathered Crystal Flowers before, Raizel?]

[Yes, I did several times]

[How did you pick them that time?]

[In my case, I tied a rope around a strong tree and descended by relying on that]

[…… I see]

Descend with a rope…… it’s that right? The thing rescue troops practice to get down the buildings’ walls, right? What was it called again? Err…… was it rappelling?

[In some cases, the wind blowing from below may carry you away, but that happens only when unlucky]

[Well, they are growing in a place like that, so they won’t let themselves to be picked that easily~]

[Indeed]

That means, we should tie a rope and descend .

[Allen, will do it~]

[Elena too~]

[Eh? I was the one who invited you, so let me do the gathering?]

[…… As expected, we wouldn’t be able to do that]

It appears that Raizel intended to gather the flowers by himself . Did he plan to do undertake the troublesome things because he was the one who invited us?

[[Will do it~]]

[…… Eh?]

Raizel looked at me troubledly because of Allen’s and Elena’s full willingness .

The children like to challenge everything, so well…… it’s within my expectations .

[I’m glad since I have one, but I would be happy if you told me a sturdy rope we necessary before the departure~]

[Eh? Eh? Ehh~!?]

As for me, I am self-aware . It’s only natural because I have never done something like rappelling before . But, while that may be true, leaving it all to Raizel even though I have accepted the request myself would be a little bad .

Ignoring my own negligence and jokingly complaining to Raizel, I prepared the ropes .

[Wha, wait, Takumi-san? W, why are you tying the ropes around the children!?]

Raizel panicked after seeing me tie the ropes around the children .

[N? No, I mean~ we are assuming that only you and I will go down to pick the Crystal Flowers]

[No, I will…… no, it’s nothing . Yes]

Silencing Raizel who still wanted to go alone with my gaze, I explained my prediction .

[If we do that, it’s highly possible that the two who remained up here will descend without using a rope]

[I’m sorry? Su, surely not……]

[It is . Don’t look down on the motivated faces of these two]

[……]

The children are obviously sporting “excited” faces . Seeing that, Raizel was at a loss for words .

[These children are like that . That being the case, I shouldn’t neglect the prevention of danger right from the start . If you understand, make preparations or we will leave you behind, Raizel]

[Uwaa, wa, wait a moment please!!]

When I told the absentminded Raizel to prepare, he panicked, took out a rope from his belongings and started preparing .

[Alright, we are good to go]

[[Good to go~!]]

After I finished preparing the ropes, Allen and Elena raised both of their hands and urged me[Quickly, quickly] .

[How about you, Raizel? Are you prepared?]

[Yes, I am]

[Alright, shall we go then?]

[[Ye~sss]]

With my words as a signal, Allen and Elena broke into a run .

[Eh? Wha, waitwait!]

Chasing after the two who were preparing to jump down in panic, I managed to catch them .

[…… Allen, Elena, you are way too excited~]

[[Ehh~]]

I wonder if the two intended to do bungee-jumping just now? Anyhow, that was dangerous~……

[Gee~ you can’t do that, alright? While it might be a tough rope, we can’t be sure it would survive your vigorous free falling]

[[Can’t~?]]

[Yes . You must go slowly]

[[Got it~]]

Correcting themselves, the two started slowly descending .

I somehow managed even though I had a hard time…… Raizel naturally, Allen and Elena smoothly descended .

[Onii~ chan]

[This~?]

It appears that Allen and Elena found a Crystal Flower right away .

The Crystal Flower was a crystal clear blue color, that I found seemingly glittering .

[Yes, this is a Crystal Flower . You two found it fast~]

[[Ehehe~]]

[Whoa, you already found it? Crystal Flowers aren’t things that are supposed to be found this easily though……]

Raizel was surprised by Allen’s and Elena’s discovery speed .

[Finding things like this is a specialty of these two . --Allen, Elena . I don’t think that these flowers can be picked by hands, so cut them at the roots with a knife . Ah, it’s dangerous so make sure to have a proper grip on the rope . All right?]

[[Right~]]

Allen and Elena took out a knife from their magic bag and picked the Crystal Flower while tightly holding onto the rope .

[[Is done~]]

[Skillful, so skillful!]

[[Will get more~!]]

[Yes, let’s do our best . But, you must be the most careful to not fall, okay?]

[[Yesss~]]

We continued working hard at picking Crystal Flowers .




Chapter 137

[Shall we stop before it starts to get dark?]

[Let’s do that]

[Allen, Elena, we are turning above~]

[[Yess~]]

We have obtained a plenty of Crystal Flowers and it would get dangerous once it becomes dark, so I decided to stop here .

[Now then, as for the camping…… is here fine?]

Because the town is quite far away from here, so we wouldn’t be in time for the gate closing if we started returning now . Therefore, we decided to camp out today .

[Should I put up a tent?]

[Tent?]

That reminds me…… we have been under the weather either wrapped in a blanket or buried among Joule and others, so we haven’t done camping like that yet~

Tent, a tent, huh…… n? Huh? I feel like I have a tent .

A waterproof tent that was given to me by the Water Chief Retainer-sama . N~……--Ah, I do have it after all .

But to be honest, I don’t think a tent is that necessary~

[Do you have…… a tent for yourself?]

[No, I don’t sleep in tents, but since Takumi-san and the children are here……]

[Ahh, you were considerate of us . Thank you . --Allen, Elena, do you want to sleep in a tent today?]

[[With Onii~ chan?]]

[N~ I’d like to keep a watch outside, so I will be sleeping outside?]

[Then, Allen too~]

[Elena with Onii~ chan too~]

I confirmed with the children just in case, but it seems that they won’t enter a tent unless I am there with them .

[Looks like we won’t need it]

[Yes, indeed . Then, shall I prepare the dinner?]

[N? Prepare a dinner, is it? Not a portable food……?]

Well, normal adventurers would settle with portable food~ However--

[Portable food is nothing delicious, the nutritions are also one-sided, right? There’s no way you could settle for such a thing, right?]

[I can’t cook, you know? Moreover, I don’t have the ingredients nor the tools]

[I know that]

Yes, Raizel seems like someone who can’t cook~

No, it’s not necessarily that all people who are similar to Raizel can’t cook or anything . But, there wasn’t anyone among the adventurers I have met so far who could cook decently .

[I will cook a share for you as well, so wait for a moment, Raizel]

Cooking a dish for us and letting Raizel eat portable food . There’s no way I let something like that happen, so I told Raizel to wait .

[Is that fine?]

[Yeah, we indebted to you today~]

As a specimen for Allen’s and Elena’s moves .

[Indepted, you say…… do you mean that during the fights? Does that count as being indebted……?]

Raizel let out a grumbling mutter, but pretending not to hear that, I started cooking .

[What~?]

[Making~?]

[N~ I wonder? What do you two want to eat?]

[[Hmm, you see~……--Meat~?]]

When I asked Allen and Elena what they want to eat, the two replied “Meat” with slight confidence while looking at Raizel .

Not what they want to eat, but replying with what they thought Raizel’s favorite thing to eat is, how good my children are~ Besides, Raizel does look like the meat-eating type .

[Raizel, do you like meat?]

[M, me? I do like it . Rather, that’s all I eat]

Yeah, just like I imagined . Rather, meat is all he eats…… does he really eat only meat with no veggies……

Well, since we have decided to make a meat dish--

[What kind of meat would you like?]

[[Bear~?]]

[Bear?]

[[Un, defeated~!]]

[The defeated bear? Ahh, the Rock Bear you have defeated today~?]

[[Un!]]

Rock Bear, huh . That is not easy to dismantle and use meat~

[Raizel, would you mind if I used the Rock Bear you have defeated today?]

Allen and Elena defeated a Rock Bear too, but we are currently with Raizel so I sought his permission . I mean, we have not decided on the distribution of spoils yet .

[No! I don’t mind at all!]

Raizel cheerfully approved, so I retrieved a Rock Bear from the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Ah, should I do the dismantling?]

[Can I leave it to you?]

[Of course…… although I say that, the skill of my dismantling ranks me at the bottom of adventurers…… is that still fine?]

[It’s fine, it’s fine . It’s not like I have that many experiences with dismantling anyway . Rather, dismantling is the specialty of workers, not adventurers, so I would be surprised if it was the other way]

Well, in my case, I have gotten a skill from Syl, so I was quite proficient right from the start though~

[………… Huh? This Rock Bear…… it looks like it had died just now, doesn’t it?]

Raizel started dismantling right away, but it seems that he felt something strange about the carcass .

All the monsters including the ones Raizel defeated were collected by me .

Ordinary adventurers would dismantle the defeated monsters right on the spot and bring back only the parts of higher value, but…… because I can bring back large amounts, we settled with the minimal processing--the processing of internal organs .

Raizel has probably misunderstood that I am carrying a large capacity magic bag .

N~ what do I do? It should be all right to tell to the current Raizel, no?

[Ah~…… Raizel, I can use《Infinite Storage》]

[Eh!? THE《Infinite Storage》!?]

[Yeah, the《Infinite Storage》 . That’s why the Rock Bear is fresh . But well, I would be glad if you didn’t spread the information about my《Infinite Storage》]

Let’s forbid him from speaking about it just in case . This ability is indeed an attractive ability for others after all .

[I won’t say anything, I won’t say anything!]

[I see, thanks . Then, I will leave the dismantling to you]

[Yes!]

What is this…… the speed of Raizel’s swaying tail has increased? Is he happy?

That movement, it looks just like when Joule is happy~

[Is it just my imagination?]

[[Uniyu?]]

[No, it’s nothing . Now then, how about we prepare the rest before it’s too late?]

[[Yess~]]

I cut the Rock Bear meat thickly, cooked it thoroughly with miso, made the rice and the Donburi was completed .

[What a strange dish?]

[It might seems so to you, Raizel . Well, give it a try . I will prepare something else if it doesn’t suit your tastes]

From the experience up until now, the people of Aetherdia shouldn’t have different palate from mine, so all that’s left is a personal preference…… everything else should be all right, I think .

Although I say that, it’s my first time feeding a Beastman, so I can’t be certain .

[Then, shall we eat? --Itadakimasu]

[[Itadakima~su!]]

[I, itadakimasu?]

Puzzled over the unfamiliar phrase, Raizel copied what we said and started eating .

[Dd]

[[[D?]]]

[Delicious!! What the hell is this thing-!]

He seemed to like it . How confusing~

He just said[Dd]with his body trembling, so I readied myself for him to spit it out .

[Don’t startle me like that]

[I’m sorry! But, this is too delicious!]

[I’m glad to hear that . There are seconds, so don’t hesitate and help yourself . Ahh, but the children are here, so don’t wolf it all down at once]

[Yes!]

Making sure to tell him not to become a bad example, Raizel, although not wolfing the meal down, ate at an extremely fast pace and in the end, finished eating five large servings .

After that, Raizel and I took turns standing a watch and returned to the capital, but the children demanded from Raizel to be their fighting specimen on the entire way back .

Raizel moved consciously with different patterns to answer them . Whether he liked or not, Raizel has completely become Allen’s and Elena’s combat teacher .




Chapter 138

[Takumi-san, do you have any plans today?]

While eating a breakfast at the Ruven House, Rebecca-san asked about my plans .

[No, I have not decided on anything particular……?]

I thought of taking it easy for a while, so I didn’t have anything planned . Therefore, when I replied, Rebecca-san joyfully joined her hands and smiled .

[Truly! Then, I was wondering if you would go shopping with me!]

[Eh?]

With Rebecca-san’s proposal, we decided to go shopping together with Rebecca-san .

Of course, matching in Rebecca-san’s style--shopping around in a carriage with maids and guards .

[[Wo~w]]

Allen and Elena were exhilarated from the different from usual going out .

[Now, now, Allen, Elena . It’s dangerous unless you sit down]

[[Yess~]]

When I cautioned the children who were clinging to the window from their seats, the two unwillingly returned to my side .

[Fufu, look Lizzy~ They seem to have so much fun~]

[Indeed, Okusama]

Rebecca-san and her personal attendant Lizzy-san who were sitting at the opposite seats were warmly looking at Allen and Elena .

[By the way, where are we going today?]

[Oh my, did I not tell you? Our first destination is a place Takumi-san knows]

[Eh, is that so?]

When I asked about our destination, Rebecca-san replied with “a place I know” but she did not tell me “where” that is .

[Oh?]

[[Ah!]]

But, I immediately recognize our destination .

Allen and Elena seem to have understood too .

The carriage stopped at the store[Silver Thread]where we ordered the coats from .

[My! Rebecca-sama, what is the matter!? We would have come to the mansion if you called for us!]

[Fufu, going to the merchant’s shop is good once in a while . Marry, pardon me for coming all of sudden, but are you free now?]

[Of course!]

When we entered, the store’s Mistress--Marry-san immediately appeared .

[You came too, Takumi-sama? You came just at the right time . The coats you have ordered before have been finished, I was just about to contact you~]

[Is that so? ---She says the coats are done!]

[[Really!]]

Hearing that the coats were done, Allen and Elena “quickly, quickly” urged Marry-san in a joy .

[Fufu, this are the items you have ordered!]

Marry-san sought to excuse herself from Rebecca-san and immediately brought the finished coats .

[Eh!?]

[[Ohh~!]]

[Oh my?]

Was it called a torso? She brought in torso-only mannequins wearing western clothes . Seeing the coats they were wearing, I was astonished .

[It’s Joule!]

[It’s Feat!]

A coat for Allen that resembled the Fenrir Joule and a coat for Elena that resembled the Celestial Tiger Feat . That is still all right! Still!

[[Yaa~y! Matching with Onii~ chan!]]

[…… Hahaha~]

The problem was my coat . I left the design to the store .

It was a dark, long coat with a hood . But, on the hood! There were lop-ears attached!

When I dejectedly dropped my shoulders next to the delighted children, Marry-san who worked on the coat had an expression that succeeded at making a prank .

[What is wrong? Oniisama--the ears on Takumi-sama’s coat are removable, should I remove them?]

[[No way~!]]

[Oh my, are they to your liking?]

[[Un!]]

The children seemed to be very pleased with the ears, so when Marry-san asked to remove them, they immediately objected .

It would be difficult to ask her to remove them now . Marry-san who was smiling[Hohoho~]was definitely aiming for this development .

Well, I didn’t think she would attach ears to my hood too and even if I put the hood on, the attached ears are droopy, so they won’t stand out that much…… I think~? No, but~……

[Hmmm……]

[[Will remove them~?]]

While troubled over what to do, Allen and Elena were looking at me with puppy eyes .

[N~ no…… err~ …… would Allen and Elena prefer it this way?]

[[Un! Matchi~ng!]]

[…… Ugh]

[My, my, is this Takumi-san’s loss?]

While faltering because of the children’s behavior, Rebecca-san delivered the finishing blow .

[Fufu, to be matching with Oniichan . Aren’t you happy~]

[[Matchi~ng!]]

It appears that the lop-ears will stay on .

Then, I shall be careful to not put the hood on in the public .

[It was a worthwhile making it~ then, please try it on to confirm the size]

--But, just when I thought so, we were told to try the coats on to confirm the correct size . Accordingly, I had to put the hood up immediately .

[Oh my, oh my, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, it suits you really well~]

[[Ehehe~]]

Being praised by Rebecca-san, Allen and Elena smiled bashfully .

[You see, Allen is Joule!]

[Elena is Feat, you know!]

[Is Allen-chan a Fenrir? And, Elena-chan must be a Celestial Tiger]

[[Un!]]

[The special features of both were captured splendidly~ --You have done a good work, Marry]

[Thank you very much, Rebecca-sama]

Next, the gazes gathered upon me .

[What Takumi-san is wearing, you were not trying to imitate anything in particular, were you?]

[Yes, he has ordered a coat in black color, but he entrusted me with the rest]

[Fufu, have you decided on lop ears that won’t stand out too much while playing around?]

[Fufu, you could tell?]

[Of course . You have done a great work with that one as well, Marry]

[I am honored by your words, Rebecca-sama~]

As I thought, Marry-san was aiming for this design .

The design of the coat was considerably to my liking, so I had nothing to complain about . The animal ears too, as long as Allen and Elena are satisfied .

[Takumi-sama, do you feel tight or baggy anywhere?]

[…… It is very comfortable]

The size was perfectly fitting my body, there wasn’t anything that felt out of place .

Because I had Allen and Elena’s made slightly larger, they have parts where the coats are too big for them, but it doesn’t seem like it would obstruct their movement .

[Thank you very much for the wonderful coats]

When I said my thanks, Marry-san smiled joyfully .

When I finished paying for the coats, Rebecca-san who originally brought us to the clothing store ordered a animal-type sleepwear for Allen and Elena .

Moreover, it was of many animal varieties and colors .

Apparently, Rebecca-san became fond of the animal-eared clothing .

However, when she asked if I wanted matching clothes, I firmly refused .

Instead, I joked with[How about some for Wald-sama instead?], Rebecca-san really ordered some with an amused face .

…… Will she really make Wald-sama wear them once they are done?

Wald-sama will definitely refuse to wear it, but his opponent is Rebecca-san after all~ I felt sorry as I could easily imagine her forcing Wald-sama to wear it .




Chapter 139

We, who have left the[Silver Thread]has been brought by Rebecca-san to the next store .

[A bakery?]

[Yes, that’s right]

The destination was an ordinary bakery .

[…… Ermm?]

A noble lady Rebecca-san and a bakery in the town are very ill-matched .

But, Rebecca-san seems to have a business in this store .

[[Smells nice~!]]

Following after Rebecca-san and entering the store, the nice smell of freshly baked bread tickled my nose .

[Welcome! --Ah!]

A male shop assistant of around thirty years noticed us and rushed over in a hurry .

[Rebecca-sama, what is the matter today?]

[I have come to look how the things are going]

The shop assistant has clearly recognized Rebecca-san .

I also had a feeling that Rebecca-san was somehow accustomed to this store .

[My, my, the sales seem to be going well~]

[Yes, those were sold out as soon as we put them out to sale]

[?]

When I looked where Rebecca-san was looking, there were many kinds of bread lined up .

Sold out…… it means that the part of those shelves has been emptied out .

[…… Huh?]

[[Nniyu?]]

Looking carefully, isn’t there written Cream bread and Anpan at the emptied places!

[Ahh! Is this perhaps-!]

[Oh my, have you realized?]

This bakery must be the store of the senior-apprentice brother of the castle’s baker Sid-san .

Sid-san sought a permission from me to sell the Cream bread and Anpan in his senior-apprentice brother’s store, and I have approved . And so it wouldn’t become Road-san’s[Gold Wheat’s Shop]in Shirin all over again, I have requested the Ruven House to back them .

I see, so it was like that . It wouldn’t be strange for Rebecca-san to recognize this store since I was the one who made the request~

[Rebecca-sama, who might this person be?]

[This is Takumi-san . Would you understand if I said that?]

[! It’s an honor to meet you . I am this store’s shopkeeper, Jake . Thank you very much for allowing me to sell the Cream bread and Anpan! My store has been saved thanks to you!!]

The moment Rebecca-san said my name, the shop assistant turned towards me and lowered his head .

Moreover, I thought of him to be the shop assistant, but he was actually the shopkeeper .

[Eh? Then, you are Sid-san’s senior-apprentice brother……?]

Since he’s the shopkeeper, he must be Sid-san’s senior-apprentice brother himself .

My first impression was “young” . I mean, Sid-san is in the middle of thirties . The shopkeeper--Jake, looks much younger . When I secretly used【Appraisal】on him, it wasn’t that he had a young face, he really was younger than Sid-san .

Sid-san said that his senior-apprentice brother runs a store, so I thought it would be an older person, but it was a younger senior-apprentice brother .

[Sid-san said something like that again……]

Jake-san made a troubled expression when at my words “senior-apprentice brother” .

[Huh? It’s not wrong though, is it?]

When it comes to apprentices, the one who became an apprentice first becomes the senior-apprentice brother or senior-apprentice sister, so the age itself is irrelevant . Hence, being a younger senior-apprentice brother is possible . Well, it’s surprising though~

[No, what do I say…… I have indeed begun learning from Boss first . However, it was when I was young and in the sense of childhood friend’s Father teaching me a little here and there……]

Ahh, so it’s like that .

[However, when Sid-san became an apprentice, you were already quite able at making bread, no?]

[Yes, that’s true, but…… it was just a hobby for me in those days…… my genuine apprenticeship began after Sid-san’s]

[So that’s why you feel complicated when Sid-san treats you as the senior-apprentice disciple?]

[Yes……]

I see, I can understand why the troubled face then .

[I’m happy for Sid-san’s concern . This store is Boss’ store, so I couldn’t endure its decline……]

[N?]

This is the Boss’ store and Jake-san is the current shopkeeper, so that means…… has the Boss already passed away? It’s also possible that he just retired…… either way, wasn’t Jake-san’s childhood friend going to succeed after the Boss? And yet, it wasn’t him but Jake-san who succeeded……--

[Was that childhood friend of yours a girl? So, perhaps……]

[Yes, she’s my wife now]

[Hoho~u]

Ohh! A marriage between childhood friends! How template~

………… Huh?

[N? Decline?]

[Oh my, Takumi-san, were you not aware of the state of this store?]

Rebecca-san made a wondering expression when I shook my head at the word “decline” .

[Eh, yes . Sid-san was the one who brought it up and since I found no problems with Sid-san’s character, I thought that a senior-apprentice brother of such a person would be all right too……]

[Oh my~]

Yes, I gave my consent without thinking about it much . Sorry .

[Honestly speaking, this store was on the brink of cessation of business, you see?]

[Ehh!?]

Rebecca-san informed me of this store’s situation .

[Well, as Takumi-san said, there was no problem in the character department~ But, make sure to give your permission only after inquiring about the business conditions and connections next time, okay?]

[………… Yes . I’m sorry]

It really is as Rebecca-san said…… I’m ashamed .

Come to think of it, Jake-san did say that I[Saved]him just a bit ago……

[…… Err, would it be all right to assume that the crisis has been averted?]

[Yes, correct . The customer traffic increased with the sales of Cream bread and Anpan, so the business has recovered by now?]

[Yes! It’s just as you say!]

[Is that so? I’m glad to hear that]

The details aside, I am really glad that the cessation of business has been avoided .

[[Onii~ chan]]

At that moment, Allen and Elena tugged on my clothes .

[N? What’s the matter, Allen, Elena?]

[[The bread is~?]]

And they wanted to eat bread .

[My, my . Indeed, it smells really nice here . I will buy it for you, so please choose whatever you like]

[[Yaay~]]

[Thank you, Rebecca-san]

[My, it’s fine to want more expensive stuff, you know?]

[No, that we can’t do as expected . --Allen, Elena, let’s give our thanks properly, okay?]

[[Un! --Thank you~ Obaa~sama!]]

[Eh!? Wha!]

When I urged Allen and Elena to say thanks, they let out the frightening “Obaasama” word .

But, Rebecca-san was delighted . Well, she wanted to be called like that herself, so~

[Fufu . Now then, come here]

[[Un!]]

Rebecca-san joined hands with the children in a good mood and started choosing the bread right away .




Chapter 140

After enjoying the bread, Rebecca-san took us again, visiting a general and jeweler stores next .

[[This is~?]]

[This you see, is a store that deals with tea leaves]

[A store that specializes in tea leaves, is it? Still…… what a great amount]

[[…… Tea~]]

The interior of the store was slightly dim, a great number of jars was lined up on the shelves, and each jar was fully cramped with tea leaves .

[Does each jar lined up here have different kinds of tea leaves in them?]

Looking carefully, the jars had labels where the name of the tea leaves and the producing area were written down .

[Yes, that’s correct]

[Hee~]

While checking the jars on my eye level, Allen and Elena called out to me .

[Say, tea~ what’s that?]

[It’s a beverage . The one I occasionally drink . Ahh, come to think of it, I have never let you guys drink black tea, did I?]

[[Did not~!]]

What Allen and Elena drink is generally a fruit water . Therefore, they had no opportunity to drink the black tea yet .

[Allen, will drink tea~]

[Elena wants to drink~]

[Eh, you want to drink it that much? But, don’t you two prefer fruit water?]

Having interest, the two demanded to drink the black tea .

However, thinking that the black tea would be too bitter for the children, I thought of pushing the fruit water, but--

[[Wanna dri~nk!]]

The two won’t give up once something catches their interest after all~

[Fufu . Allen-chan and Elena-chan just don’t seem to be able to give up once something catches their interest, right~]

[Yes, indeed……]

It appears that Rebecca-san has seen through the twins’ characters .

[Takumi-san, it’s possible to drink the tea leaves you select here inside . You must be getting thirsty about now, right? Let’s take a rest]

I see . Then, this store is something like a café?

Rebecca-san seemingly choose this store because she originally planned to take a rest .

[[Tea~!]]

Being able to drink tea, Allen and Elena raised their hands in delight .

[My favorite one is the one from Clive . What will you have, Takumi-san?]

[Err, which should I choose……]

Rebecca-san chose tea leaves she usually drinks and immediately decided on her order .

But, there were too many kinds to choose from, so I was troubled .

[Well, with tea, you won’t find the one you like before drinking it first . How about choosing the same Clive tea leaves like me, for starters?]

Unable to let the troubled me unnoticed, Rebecca-san recommended the Clive tea to me .

[Indeed . I will try the Clive leaves too then . As for Allen and Elena……]

Rebecca-san’s reasoning was sound, so I accepted her recommendation and it was time to choose tea for the children, but I’m sure they would grimace were they to drink a straight black tea .

Hmm, would they enjoy it if it was milk tea or fruit tea?

[Rebecca-san, does this store have milk tea as well?]

[Milk tea? Do you mean pouring milk into the tea?]

………… Huh?

Rebecca-san showed a wondering expression to the words “milk tea” .

[Have you perhaps never tried to drink black tea with milk?]

[No, black tea should be drunk as it is, no?]

…… That seems to be the case .

Aetherdia seems to be quite fixed on the general concept of “As it is”, is it not~

Ah, is this perhaps connected with not being able to obtain fresh milk at all times?

[In my hometown, we drank black tea with milk and called it milk tea . I think the children would like it if made sweet]

[Now that you said it, it doesn’t seem like a bad match . Why have I not tried drinking it like that before, I wonder? Say Takumi-san, what kind of tea leaves are suitable for milk tea?]

[Let’s see…… rather than tea leaves with a refreshing taste, tea leaves with strong aroma should be more compatible]

[Oh my, the Clive tea leaves should be quite compatible then]

Apparently, Clive tea uses tea leaves with a strong aroma .

[What do you think, Russel-san? Can I leave it to you?]

Then, Rebecca-san asked the store’s person to serve the tea with milk .

Not drinking it after returning to the mansion but drinking it here immediately, it seems that Rebecca-san is quite interested in milk tea .

[I am truly sorry, Rebecca-sama . This store has no milk, moreover…… I am not aware if there’s any correct way to do it, so I don’t think I would be able to serve you something delicious……]

The store’s person--Russel-san lowered his head to Rebecca-sama in apology .

Making Russel-san lower his head just because I said something unnecessary makes me honestly guilty .

[Takumi-san, do you have milk on you by any chance?]

[Y, yes . I do!]

[Then, the milk tea method?]

[If it’s the most common one, then I know it!]

But, Rebecca-san wasn’t able to give up on the milk tea and directed her questions towards me .

[Err…… adding just a little more tea leaves than usual, or brewing the black tea for longer to make it taste stronger should be fine……]

Just adding a normal temperature milk into it should be fine .

The method should be to boil the tea leaves with slightly below the normal amount of water, put the milk in and lightly heat it up, but there’s a specialist on tea here, so telling him to make the black tea stronger should be better . I can make the milk room temperature with magic, so there is no problem .

[Russel-san, how about it?]

When Rebecca-san asked again with a smile, Russel-san who heard that just making the black tea stronger would be fine acknowledged this time .

[I have kept you waiting]

We proceeded inside and took a sit on the seats until Russel-san brought a kettle with black tea and cups .

[Oh my, Russel-san . You are short of one cup . Quickly bring another one please]

[?]

Rebecca-san said such after seeing the cups lined up on the table .

Both I and Russel-san tilted our heads at Rebecca-san’s words .

[Since there an occasion, how about you ascertain the taste of the milk tea as well, Russel-san?]

[Eh!?]

Ohh, I see! Russel-san’s cup, huh .

Russel-san was surprised, but because I have requested something different from the usual request, I approve of her “as well” opinion .

[I want to hear an option of a tea specialist like yourself regarding the milk tea we are about to drink]

[…… So you meant it like that . Thank you very much for your consideration, Rebecca-sama]

When Rebecca-san frankly asked Russel-san to sample the milk tea, he didn’t reject . Thus, Russel-san brought another cup over .

[Allen and Elena, yours should be sweetened more . Sugar…… not, shall I put some honey in for you?]

[[Un!]]

After Russel-san poured the black tea, I added room temperature milk and also added honey to the children’s cups . Then, we proceeded to drink .

[Oh my!]

[This is-!]

[[……]]

Rebecca-san and Russel-san made surprised expression after drinking the milk tea .

Then, the two added honey and drank it sweet just like Allen and Elena .

As for Allen and Elena, both were sipping a little by little in silence .

[Oh my, oh my, it also tastes good when sweet~ Russel-san, what do you think?]

[I think that black tea as it is would be still better when wanting to feel refreshed after a meal, but adding milk during a rest, especially the sweet one would be nice as well]

It appears that milk tea suited the two’s tastes .

[[Seconds~]]

Of course, Allen and Elena who emptied their cups with smiles also were pleased with the milk tea no doubt .

[The taste becomes different depending on both tea and people, doesn’t it~ Say, Takumi-san . Are there perhaps other ways to drink tea deliciously?]

While preparing another helping of the milk tea, Rebecca-san asked me about the tea arrangement .

[…… Let’s see~ Those I know about are fruit teas, in which you simply put fruits into the tea . I think that both raw and dry fruits would be fine . Also…… I have never done it myself so I am not that knowledgeable about it, but I heard of people putting things like mint and ginger in their teas]

I replied while trying to remember .

I have never actually drunk them myself, but I have heard of mint tea and ginger tea .

Also…… wasn’t there a butter tea or something? No, was this for coffee?

N~…… it would be better to not say something I’m not certain of .

[Hee~ there are many ways to drink tea, aren’t there~ But……]

Rebecca-san nodded in admiration to my words . However--

[Takumi-san, you are saying it unconsciously, but this is considerably valuable information, you know? Therefore, you can’t say things like these so simply]

[Eh!? I, is that so?]

[That is so, gee!]

To not say information like that so easily…… I got cautioned .

Well, it’s not like Rebecca-san is angry or anything .

[Tell me, Russel-san . What do you think about the teas Takumi-san spoke about?]

[Let’s see…… I believe there would be a need to test the kinds of tea leaves, but neither doesn’t seem to have a bad compatibility with black tea . Therefore, as Rebecca-san said, I believe this to be a valuable information]

[See, didn’t I say so?]

Both Russel-san and Rebecca-san were of the same opinion . However--

[However, even if I regret it now, this is not something I can keep to myself forever……]

If it’s tea arrangement, then I don’t think much will change even if the public is aware of it~

Rather, if I kept it secret, wouldn’t others swarm me with “What’s that?” questions when they see me drink it?

[Russel-san, if you’d like it to use as products in your store then please do so . I won’t mind]

[…… Are you sure?]

[Yes]

“That’s so like Takumi-san” Rebecca-san looked at me with a lukewarm gaze, but I decided to entrust fruit teas, mint tea, and ginger tea to Russel-san .




Chapter 141

[[Request~♪]]

I intended to take it easy after going shopping with Rebecca-san, but Allen and Elena seemed wanting to move to their hearts’ content soon, so we came to the Adventurer’s Guild to receive a request, and looked at the written requests on the board .

[Herbs~]

[Monsters~]

[[Which to do~♪]]

Just as I thought, the two eyed the requests while singing happily .

[Now then, which one would be good?]

[[Hmmmm~……]]

Err……[Seeking Shadow Wolf fangs][Seeking Water Bear pelts][Seeking Giant Boar pelts]huh . These would be subjugation-type, harvesting requests . Requests like these involve defeating the corresponding monsters and submitting only the requested parts . The rest can be sold off .

We always accept only herb-picking plant requests, so we had not received any subjugation request before~

However…… they are all materials I have on hand . If we accept these requests, I could finish it right on the spot……

There would be no meaning in accepting a request…… the children wouldn’t be content .

No, should I leave them in the《Infinite Storage》and go harvest new ones? We should do that if there are no particularly valuable requests .

[This is~?]

While trying to decide on the subject of the request, Allen pointed at one of the written requests .

The two still only know numbers and simple letters, so he must have pointed at something which stood out .

[This one?]

[Un!]

[This is a request wanting the[Cotton Sheep’s wool]…… it’s a sheep that looks like a lump of fluff~]

[[Lump of fluff~?]]

[Yeah, I think it should be a lump of fluff? Well, I have not actually seen it myself before]

Cotton Sheep is apparently a monster with the bulky wool of a sheep .

Is that hair a cotton? Is it a wool? That’s the question .

But, I wouldn’t understand unless I touched it .

[[Lump of fluff, wanna see~!]]

[N? Errr……--Ah~ this one is not good]

[[Eeh~]]

[The request is too far away . It would be a bit unreasonable]

Unfortunately, the main habitat of Cotton Sheep seems to be in the alpines of a foreign country .

There wouldn’t be a problem if we planned to go that way, but it would be unsuitable for today’s request .

[[Muu~]]

Although unwilling, Allen and Elena gave up, so I decided to look for another request .

[Then, this~]

Next, Elena pointed at a written request .

[This one? This is……]

This request was seeking the scale of a Leviathan .

[Ah~…… this one is also not good]

[[Ehh~]]

[This request is asking for a scale of Leviathan--in other words, Kaiser’s scale . Allen and Elena wouldn’t like to hurt or bring pain upon Kaiser, right?]

I do not know whether it would be possible for us to tear off Kaiser’s scale . Besides, I have no idea whether tearing off scales from Kaiser would hurt him . I mean, the time we received a scale from Kaiser, he casually ripped it off of himself . It might be actually the same feeling as plucking a hair is for us . But, the two wouldn’t be satisfied unless I said something like this .

[[Can’t-!]]

Just as I thought, the two refused with all of their might . They will surely give up on this request .

Rather, who is it, the one who put up such a request! Even though Leviathan scales aren’t something so easily obtainable . Well, the remuneration for the completion is that staggering though!

[See, it’s not a good request . Therefore, let’s look for a different one]

[[Un, got it~]]

The children consented, so we viewed the requests once more .

[[That is~?]]

This time, Allen and Elena pointed at the same request .

[This one? This is[Seeking Bloody Wolf pelts]]

[[I know!]]

[Indeed . We have defeated Bloody Wolves in the Gaya Forest before]

[[Un! …… Huhh~ we have?]]

[Pelts of the Bloody Wolves? Yup, we do~]

[[Completed?]]

Ohh~ After Allen and Elena chose this request, they seem to have noticed that we could complete it immediately?

[You understood it well . That’s right . Even if we accept this request, it would end once we hand over the pelts]

[[No good-!]]

[Haha . Allen and Elena’s turn would get lost after all, right?]

[[Un!]]

[Let’s choose a different request then . Now then, is there anything good, I wonder~ --Oh, wouldn’t something like this be good?]

As I gazed at the large number of requests again, the request in the vicinity of the Capital frequently appeared, and yet, there were numerous monster materials I have not heard of before .

[[What is it~?]]

[N? This one requests the[Battle Eagle feathers] . We have not fought any bird-type monsters before, but how about it?]

[[Will do~]]

[Alright! Let’s settle on this one then]

We have no experience against bird-type monsters, but the objective this time is the feathers . If there are fallen feathers around the nest, we really wouldn’t have to fight the Battle Eagle . Therefore, there shouldn’t be a problem with the degree of difficulty .

Besides, Battle Eagle itself is a C-rank monster, so it’s not like we would fall behind if the fight broke out .

[Allen, will fight~]

[Elena, will do her best~]

Allen and Elena were full of motivation to fight as always .

[There’s no need to defeat it by all means, but…… well, if an enemy comes at us, I will leave it to you]

[[Un!]]

We won’t know until that time, but because we will surely encounter monsters on the way, it’s not like there won’t be any fighting for the two . I will have the two do their best at that time .

That being the case, I promptly took the[Battle Eagle feathers]request, and finished the procedures at the reception .




Chapter 142

With the objective of the Battle Eagle nest, we departed from the town .

The habitat of the Battle Eagles is near the valley where we picked the Crystal Flowers together with Raizel . It’s apparently in the vicinity of the mountaintop . That being the case, I summoned Joule and others a short distance from the town, we got on Joule and Feat’s backs and moved towards the foot of the mountain at the fastest speed .

[Red~]

[Yellow~]

[Ohh~ this is a masterpiece]

The leaves that were still verdant the last time we came were now in the splendid colors of Fall .

《The ground also looks great~》

As Joule said, the ground of the mountain was filled with colorful fallen leaves .

[Although it’s only Fall, it has genuinely become colder . The rest of the leaves will most likely fall in half a month too]

[[Fall~?]]

[That’s right . It’s still Fall . But, it will be winter by the time the remaining leaves fall]

[[Winter~]]

I can feel that it has gotten really cold recently .

《Hey, Niisama . There are many mushrooms over there, should we go get them?》

[N? Ohh~ you are right]

When I looked in the direction Feat pointed, I could see many mushrooms such as petal mushrooms, rook mushrooms, red umbrella mushroom growing there .

Dizziness, numbing, sleepiness…… well, at least half of them were poisonous, but there were edible ones mixed among them .

[[Mushrooms, gonna get~!]]

[Indeed . Since we have the chance, let’s pick mushrooms for a little]

In the first place, the request hung there for two-three days already, so it’s not like we have to rush .

Therefore, it won’t be a problem to take a little time to pick some mushrooms here . Rather, it would be better to waste the time Joule and Feat gained by traveling on something else .

[[Yaay~]]

《Let’s get lots! I want to try eating grilled ones!》(Joule)

《Oh my, wouldn’t soup be good as well?》(Feat)

《I think that stewing them together would be nice as well》(Bolt)

《I’m fine as long as it’s delicious!》(Vector)

《I also want to try eating various stuff!》(Mile)

When I approved the mushroom picking, the children scattered while rejoicing .

[Oy~ can you tell apart the edible mushrooms~?]

I called them back to confirm whether they know which mushrooms to pick, but Allen and Elena declared full of confidence that they know .

[[Saw in book~]]

Ahh, I see . So it’s like that .

I have bought an encyclopedia before . Allen and Elena seemed to remember the contents which were written in there .

[You memorized them properly? How admirable you are~]

[[Ehehe~]]

The smiled bashfully when I praised them .

《I also know which mushrooms can be eaten, you know~》

《Me too, me too! I can tell which are tasty!》

Then, Joule and Vector claimed that they can also distinguish the edible mushrooms .

[Is that so? Then, go and get some tasty mushrooms for us please]

《I will do my best~!》

《Got it~》

When I asked Joule and Vector to do that while patting their heads, the two animals were obviously in high spirits .

《Allen, Elena, let’s go~!》

《Let’s go, let’s go♪》

[[Un!]]

Then, they broke into a run together with Allen and Elena .

《My, my, they will probably pick lots of mushrooms since they are in such high spirits . Since I cannot distinguish the edible ones, how about I look for mushrooms that could be used for a medicine?》

《Indeed . Also…… looking for mushrooms that can be used as sleeping drugs or anesthetics might be also good》

《Agreed nano! Ah, I will pick the poisonous mushrooms too!》

Feat, Bolt, and Mile will apparently look for mushrooms with a special use . But, still--

[Poisonous mushrooms too?]

《Yes, nano! Errm…… I think they can be used for pesticide(?) too . Each mushroom has…… eh, I don’t know how to put it in words, but the poisonous mushrooms should have their use too nano!》

[I see . Poisonous mushrooms certainly should have such use . Let’s see, it wouldn’t be a problem to assort them later, so do pick those mushrooms as well]

《I will do my best!》

After that, we picked the mushrooms indiscriminately .

[Over here~]

《Ohh~ these are petal mushrooms . There’s so many of them~》

[Over here too~]

《Those are also tasty ones!》

Allen, Elena, Joule, and Vector smoothly picked a large number of edible mushrooms .

Mushrooms like Shiitake or Shimeji which I know very well, and mushrooms with red umbrella and pola dots that would appear only in a manga . Additionally--

[[Ah!]]

《Ohh? That’s a fluff mushroom! Allen, Elena, you found a rare mushroom~》

[[Ehehehe~]]

They apparently found a rare mushroom . As expected of Allen and Elena .

《Ah, this is a mushroom which paralyzes the senses when eaten, no?》

《Yeah . If I’m not mistaken, humans use it to relieve the pain》

《There are gloom mushrooms here!》

Feat, Bolt, and Mile have also found violet mushrooms, shocking pink mushrooms, and darkish, at a glance questionable mushrooms .

[[So many~!]]

[I see . You picked quite a lot]

A short while later, we picked a heap of mushrooms .

[Although I can store them in the《Infinite Storage》, this is way too many]

[Obaa~sama]

[Ojii~sama]

[N?]

[[Present~]]

By “Ojiisama” do they mean Matthias-san?

I don’t mind sharing the edible mushrooms with the Ruven House, but…… since when did Allen and Elena start calling Matthias-san “Ojiisama”?

Do they call Matthias-san like this on their own, or did Rebecca-san told them to call him like that…… either way, the other party is a Count though…… is that really okay?

No, Allen and Elena must be calling him like that since they got the permission though~

[…… Ahh, right . Let’s give some mushrooms to Matthias-san and Rebecca-san to eat]

[[Un!]]

Right, right, let’s give them these three-colored truffles I completely forgot about too .

Truffles smell nice, but the taste well…… it’s not a taste you would eat normally, so we had no oppurtunity to eat them yet . Let’s eat them at the Ruven House!

[Now then, let’s have a meal soon and climb the mountain]

[[Meal~!]]

We enjoyed a stew full of mushrooms and began climbing the mountain .




Chapter 143

Aniue~ there are nests over there!》 After climbing the mountain for a while, I had Bolt look for the Battle Eagle nests from the sky . Then, Bolt immediately reported after he found the nests . [Thank you, Bolt] 《No, I am glad I could be of help》 I showed appreciation to Bolt who landed on my shoulder by patting his head . [Now then, we have found the location of the Battle Eagle’s nests thanks to Bolt . Shall we go there right away?] [Yess~] The Battle Eagle’s nest we went towards to was at the rock face of a cliff . [Oh, it’s here?] We looked up at the cliff from the bottom . [[Not here~?]] Just as the two said, what we saw from the bottom were branches of the trees with many nests, but there was no Battle Eagle present . [Seems like it . But, there are many fallen feathers] There were no Battle Eagles around, but there were many Battle Eagle feathers on the ground . [We can complete the request if we pick these up] [[《《Ehh~》》]] The requested feathers will be used as quill pens . Therefore, even undamaged feathers that fell down are all right . In that respect, there are many feathers in neat shapes mixed among the fallen feathers . But, this is where Allen, Elena, Joule, and Vector were dissatisfied . [Now, now, being able to finish without fighting is good] 《That’s right . Joule and Vector too, you cannot be selfish and trouble Niisama》 Feat and I tried to persuade the two animals . Well, it’s not like I don’t understand the feelings of the children who want to move around, but there’s no need to fight because of that . It’s not like they are battle enthusiasts . …… They are not battle enthusiasts, right? They are joyful when there are monsters to subjugate, but…… that’s different, right? They just want to play an active role, right? It’s like that, right!? […… Ah~ right, there were herbs that I wanted . Will you help me search once we are done here?] [[Will search~]] 《Will do, will do~》 《Ehh~ I wanted to go wild~》 When I tried asking them to help me look for herbs, Allen, Elena, and Joule immediately acknowledged, but Vector leaked out a dissatisfied grumble…… well, Vector’s race is originally a battle-centric race, so it can’t be helped . But, I can feel relieved with this . If they were battle enthusiasts, I would have to reconsider my method of raising them . [Then, for now, shall we pick the feathers?] [[《《《《《Yes~》》》》》]] With everyone working, we gathered the fallen feathers in no time . Of course, the number of requested feathers was only twelve though . [Shall we end this soon, everyone?] [[End~?]] [Yeah, we picked many feathers already after all . Everyone, thank you--N?] At that time, I heard a cry of a small bird . [A chirp? It’s near] […… Pii] …… I heard it again . Moreover, I heard two this time . [[That way~]] It didn’t seem to be just my imagination, so when I looked towards the direction of the chirps, I could see a small eaglet pop up its head from a nest . [Huh, so the eaglets were here] [[Eaglets~?]] [Right, the children of the Battle Eagles] [[So cute~]] The eaglets were nestlings who could not fly just yet . 《There was no one on guard even though the eaglets are here, isn’t that strange?》 Joule tilted his head in puzzlement after looking around . But, the situation is strange just as Joule said . [True . Even if they went to catch prey, they should leave a few adults to stand on the watch] It would be a possible situation if there was only one nest, but there are many of them here . What I am trying to say is that Battle Eagles seem to live in a convocation . If that’s the case, then they should be utilizing a shift system when going to hunt . 《Yeah . Oh my, there is an eaglet that is about to fall off at any moment》 [Eh, where?] 《Look, Niisama, over there . On the left》 When I turned towards where Feat was looking at, I saw an eaglet hanging out of the nest . [That one, huh . You were right……--wha!! It fell out while talking!! Bolt, catch it!] 《Yes!》 Seeing the eaglet fall off, I asked Bolt to catch it in panic . He splendidly caught the nestling mid-air . [Thank you, Bolt] Receiving the eaglet in my palm, Bolt stopped on my shoulder . 《It was nothing . Rather than that, Aniue!》 [W, what’s the matter, Bolt?] Bolt who was usually calm showed panicked appearances . 《It’s about the parents of these eaglets . They are apparently fighting with a huge monster that attacked the nests some time ago》 [Eh? How do you know that, Bolt? Have you seen something while flying?] 《No, this child said so》 Bolt stretched his beak towards the eaglet in the palm of my hand . Their races were different, but whether it was because both were bird-type monsters, Bolt understood the eaglet’s chirps . [Is that why all the parents are away?] 《Yes . It’s apparently…… a difficult fight, so this child came seeking help!》 [Ehh!? …… This little eaglet wants our help?] [Pii] When I tried to reaffirm with Bolt, the eaglet cried in affirmation . […… You want us to help?] [Pii!] When I asked the little eaglet one more time to confirm, the little eaglet cried while gesturing a nod . …… It seems to properly understand my words . [[Will help~!]] 《Oniichan, let’s help them!》 《…… Niisama~》 《Aniue, please》 [Garu~n] 《Takumi Nii, let’s help them!》 Seeing my exchange with the eaglet, the children were fully willing . While troubled over how to reply, I could feel jii~…… the children’s stares on me . …… Even though they were so eager to fight the Battle Eagles just some time ago . […… Oh well] [[《《《《《Yaay~》》》》》]] The other party is wild animals, but that does not mean that every wild animal is our enemy . Besides, if one seeks help from me, then I shall help them…… showing a spirit like this is necessary for the children’s education . [I do not hear the sounds of the battle, so they don’t seem to be fighting in the vicinity . We have to find their location first] [[Will work hard~]] We hurriedly decided to search for the eaglets’ parents .




Chapter 144

[[N~ there~?]]

Because of the Battle Eagle chick’s rescue request, we searched for place of battle of its parents .

They apparently fought the enemy while moving away from the nests, so they weren’t close to them .

Allen and Elena are looking too, but they cannot find the place at all because I am not the target .

[Yeah . My【Detection】gives a big reaction from over there]

I tried searching the vicinity with【Detection】as well, but because monsters are in all directions, I couldn’t clearly tell that “this is the place” . However, assuming that the adult eagles are in a group, I can reduce the list .

The direction I felt was the same Allen and Elena pointed at, so there’s surely no mistake .

[Pii]

《This child is saying that it’s that way》

When we decided on the destination, the eaglet was in agreement .

It would be troublesome if the adults thought we were enemies when we approach the battle, so the eaglet that fell out of the nest had to be brought along .

But well, there’s a possibility that they would think we are kidnappers and attack us anyway~ The eaglet will have to do its best explaining then .

《Oniichan, there are traces of fighting》

Although we have decided on the direction, I decided to search the vicinity for some clues, and Joule has apparently found traces of fighting .

[Oh, you are right . Rather, it seems that there was quite a struggle, but…… I heard no noise?]

I looked at the place that opened out, but there were traces of trees forcibly pushed down .

Moreover, the place was dotted with the same feathers we found before . Unfortunately, most of the feathers here are damaged .

《N~ seems that the Battle Eagles are fighting a higher ranked monster》

《There are scales! It’s surely a snake!》

Feat and Mile who surveyed the surroundings informed me what they found .

《Aniue, it’s serious!》

[What’s the matter, Bolt?]

《The adults apparently had not returned since yesterday》

[Eh! Y, yesterday!?]

《…… Yes》

[…… Pii]

I was shocked by the new information .

There’s no doubt that a fierce fight happened here, yet we didn’t hear any noise . I found it weird…… I found it weird!

[…… Then, the fight here took place yesterday? Of course, we wouldn’t hear the sounds of a battle……]

I don’t understand the present situation, so there’s nothing I can say . But, it’s certain that we should speed up .

[There’s no problem if they guided it away safely, but……]

[Pii, pii]

As if trying to say something, the eaglet jumped up on my head and tapped it .

When I sent a look to Bolt, he immediately interpreted for me .

《[If it’s Tousan and Kaasan then they will be fine]is what it is saying》

Ah~…… my words must have rubbed the eaglet the wrong way or possibly fanned it’s anxiety .

That’s most likely why the eaglet is saying that its parents will be fine .

[Yeah, indeed . When we meet them, you can complain[You are late!]to them]

[Pii!]

When I half-jokingly said that to the eaglet, it gave a cheerful reply .

[First of all, let’s hastily look for them! Joule, Feat, let us get on please . Bolt, you check the surroundings]

《Got it~ Allen, Elena, come here》

[[Un]]

《Niisama is on me then》

《I am off!》

After giving the instructions, the children began moving quickly .

Allen and Elena got on Joule, while I got on Feat’s back . Mile too, tightly held onto Vector’s mane, and we were ready to go .

[We will increase the speed, so make sure to hold on properly, okay?]

[Pii!]

When I cautioned the eaglet not to fall, it gave a cheerful reply once again .

I felt my hair being pulled on a little, so the eaglet must be holding on properly .

Confirming that everything’s all right, Joule, Feat, and Vector broke into a run .

《Aniue, I found them! Straight ahead, about six to seven kilometers》

[Good job, Bolt!]

Bolt who confirmed the surroundings from the skies as usual returned . It seems he safely found the adults…… still, they seem to be quite the distance away .

[You seemed to be up for quite a long time, is your body all right?]

《I’m fine . Also, Aniue, I am not 100% certain, but the opponent seemed to be a Silver Python, the adults still seem to be guiding it away》

Silver Python, huh . Err…… as the name suggests, it’s about a ten-meter silver snake of a B rank .

It’s smaller than Evil Viper and possesses no venom, but its muscly body will strangle you to death if you get caught .

Battle Eagle who is C-rank wouldn’t stand a chance if alone, but they are a group . They have sufficient forces to fight .

[Pii!]

[I know . Everyone, let’s hurry up!]

[Pii!]

Although I said that, I cannot feel completely at ease .

The eaglet also urged to hurry .

《…… Aniue, you seem to be having a conversation with the eaglet…… have you come to understand its words?》

It was a coincidence, but it seems the eaglet and I held a proper conversation .

[…… No, I just had a hunch]

It’s not like I understood precisely what the eaglet was saying . I truly just had a hunch . However, I felt that it was saying[Hurry!]!

[[Onii~ chan, ama~zing!]]

[Ugh……]

It was just a coincidence, okay…… Allen, Elena, don’t look at me with such sparkly eyes, alright?




Chapter 145

《They are in sight!》(Joule)

Joule and the rest are really fast when they run seriously . We have arrived to the place where the Battle Eagles fought with the Silver Python in no time .

And so, I intended to help the adult eagles at once, but--

[Oh my?]

[[Huhh~?]]

The Silver Python was in an obviously unsteady state and full of injuries .

In comparison, although there were some wounded among the Battle Eagles, there didn’t seem to be anyone at risk of life .

《Somewhat…… the parent birds seem to be able to defeat it~》(Joule)

《Indeed, it looks like they gradually depleted the python’s stamina over time》(Feat)

《We have no turn》(Vector)

《Let’s be glad that the adults are safe》(Bolt)

《Yeah nano! It’s good that we don’t need to interfere!》(Mile)

While feeling relieved about the unexpected, I saw one of the Battle Eagles withdrawing from the battle .

Noticing our presences, it flew towards us .

[Pii, pii]

[Pyuru~]

The eaglet let out a bright cry and jumped towards the approaching Battle Eagle .

《It seems to be this child’s parent》(Bolt)

[Is that so?]

《Yes, he’s confirming the eaglet’s safety . Also, he’s asking why it is in a place like this》(Bolt)

The parent bird was taking glances at us, but the eaglet seemed to have explained well as I didn’t feel any hostility from the parent bird . It seems that we were not mistaken for kidnappers .

[Pyuru, pyuru~]

The parent and a child seemed to finish talking as the parent bird turned towards us and let out a cry as if wanting to say something to us .

[What is it saying, Bolt?]

《Err, let’s see……[Thank you for taking care of our son . We had a wee~ bit of a difficult time, but we will finish soon, so wait for a moment]》(Bolt)

[……]

What do I say here…… it was neat and tidy? Manly? No, older bro-like? person (bird) .

After saying that, the parent bird returned to the battle and begun attacking the Silver Python .

《Ohh~ this feels like the last all-out attack, doesn’t it~?》(Joule)

The Battle Eagles suddenly rose into the air and swoop attacking the Silver Python all at once . And then, they slashed the python in succession .

As Joule said, it felt like a conclusion of the battle was made .

The Silver Python couldn’t withstand the attacks of the Battle Eagles and--thud, it’s body fell to the ground with a loud noise .

《They defeated it!》(Mile)

《True . Their cooperation was amazing~》(Feat)

It felt like watching troops as they attacked in a perfect order .

[Pyuru~]

Before long, the convocation of Battle Eagles flew towards us .

[Pyuru]

《Aniue,[Ou, we made you wait!]he says》

[…… Yeah, thank you, Bolt]

Bolt is surely trying to speak with the tone of the parent bird, but coming from Bolt who is always so polite, it makes me feel uncomfortable .

[We have not waited at all, so it’s fine . You have worked hard]

[Ama~zing!]

[So stron~g!]

[Pretty~]

[Exact~!]

When I replied, Allen and Elena showered the Battle Eagles with an endless amount of compliments .

[[[Pyuru~]]]

Then, the Battle Eagles chirped proudly in a chorus .

[Pyuru, pyururu~]

《[Being praised by humans feels ticklish~ But, it doesn’t feel bad~]he says》

As the representative of the Battle Eagles, the parent bird returned words in embarrassment, but…… as I thought, the way Bolt interprets it makes me uncomfortable .

[Now then, we took longer than we planned, shall we return?]

[Un, Tousan, I am hungry~]

[I see . We got lots of good meat, so I will let you eat when we return to the nest]

[Yaay~]

[Right! Why don’t you come too, Niichan~]

[Eh!?]

Bolt was interpreting after that too, but it seems like they are returning to the nests .

But, at that time, we have received an invitation to have a meal together from the Battle Eagle . As I never thought to receive an invitation from a monster, I unintentionally let out a voice .

《Allen and Elena seem to be growing children as well, so he’s saying to eat lots of meat》

[[Meat~?]]

《Yes . The Silver Python’s meat on its fat is apparently very tasty》

[[Ohh~]]

[Allen, wants to eat~!]

[Elena will eat too~]

The participation of the monsters’ dinner party was immediately decided on .

《Also, Aniue . They need to carry that Silver Python back to the nests, so they are requesting a dismantling》

Moreover, they even requested dismantling from me .

《Battle Eagles are able to do it themselves, but it would take them time to get through the skin, and you would be faster and do it more beautifully, so they are asking you to do it》

[…… Ahh, yes, tell them I understand . Bolt, confirm whether it would be better for me to carry it as well]

《Understood》

I tried offering the transportation of the Silver Python which the Battle Eagles seemed like they would have a difficult time doing as well .

Bolt immediately got a confirmation .

《Aniue, they are requesting you to do it . Also, they won’t need the skin and fangs after the dismantling, so you can apparently keep them》

After asked for the transportation, they even presented a remuneration .

Somehow…… the steady exchange repeats so much I am starting to forget that the other party are Battle Eagles .

When I stored the Silver Python into the《Infinite Storage》, we returned with the Battle Eagles to the nests . Then, I immediately dismantled the python . Battle Eagles have no problems with eating raw meat, but that’s not the case for us, so I decided to simply grill the meat with salt and pepper .

Then, the Battle Eagles got interested in “cooked meat”, so I ended up grilling a great amount of meat . Again, I felt it to be unsatisfactory for us, so I also decided to grill some vegetables and mushrooms .

[[It’s tasty~]]

《Oniichan, I want to eat Rook mushrooms next!》(Joule)

《Variously seasoned food is good too, but simply salted with pepper is nice as well~》(Feat)

《Aniue, do say if you need help》(Bolt)

《Niichan, Niichan! More meat~!》(Vector)

《It’s yummy! I want to eat more nano!》(Mile)

That being the case, the dinner transformed into a large-scale barbecue party .

[I see, cooked things are also quite good!]

[Yummy!]

The Battle Eagle parent and a child also seemed to like it .

The more than ten-meter python had a lot of meat . But, it decreased very fast, and in the end, we ate about half of it .

Although lots of it was eaten raw, I also grilled a lot so I am quite tired~

When the barbecue was about to finish, we have made friends with the other Battle Eagles too and that day, we fell asleep buried in Joule and others near the nests .

[Visit us again]

[Come to play~]

[[See you~]]

We were delayed considerably, but we decided to return to the town after promising to come again .




Chapter 146

Upon returning to the town, we visited the Adventurer’s Guild first .

And then, when we lined up in the queue of the counter, I noticed that the receptionists behind the reception desks brought about a hurried atmosphere .

I feel that something similar happened once before, but at that time, they sought adventurers to dispatch to the goblin nest which appeared near the town . I accepted that request that time, but…… this feels quite similar .

[…… Umm]

When I called out to the receptionists because they weren’t noticing the existences of the adventurers at all, one of the women hurriedly ran over to the counter .

[Ah! I am sorry . Err……]

[I want to report the completion of the request]

[Yes, I will accept it . Please submit your guild card first]

[Here you go]

I handed over my guild card and placed the Battle Eagle feathers on top of the counter .

Allen and Elena imitated me and took out their guild cards on the counter .

[Ta, Takumi-san!?]

When the receptionist verified the guild card, she looked at my face again in surprise .

[Y, yes, that’s right…… are we acquaintanced?]

[No, not directly . However, I have heard about you . My name is Mikina . Would you understand if I told you that I am the Guild Master and Katie’s daughter?]

[Ah! Then, you are Kana’s sister!]

[Yes, that’s right!]

She was Andy-san’s and Keimi-san’s second daughter, Mikina-san .

[For Takumi-san to return from a request just at this time, what a good fortune! --Someone, go inform Master!]

Hearing Mikina-san’s words, one of the women ran towards the Guild Master’s office .

[…… Ermm?]

[There is a little trouble you see…… we would like to ask Takumi-san to resolve that trouble for us!]

[Trouble, is it?]

[Yes, we will definitely explain further, so please would you at least hear us out first?]

[All right, I cannot make a judgment without listening first, so if it’s only hearing you out……]

[Thank you very much!]

I can’t decide whether I can solve their troubles without hearing about the situation first after all .

Just accepting to hear them out made Mikina-san this happy though .

[Ah, I will handle the processing of this request first]

Then, she quickly started with the procedures of the Battle Eagle feathers request .

[-- Yes, it’s finished . Err, I think they will come soon, but…… ahh, here she is]

[Yesyes, thank you for waiting~]

When I matched Mikina-san’s gaze, I saw Keimi-san approaching .

[Then, I leave it to you, Takumi-san♪]

Keimi-san came, waving her hand and smiling while talking as if I have already accepted their request .

[Nonono! Please explain the situation first!?]

[That’s right, Okaasan . Let’s explain! Moreover, he has not given his acknowledgment yet, you know!?]

Let alone me, even Mikina-san was startled by Keimi-san’s remark .

[Oh you~ I was just joking, just joking . Please don’t look at me with such condemning gazes, you two]

Keimi-san laughed[Hohoho~] .

She’s saying that she was just joking, but I am pretty sure that Keimi-san was serious .

[Gee~ Okaasan~]

Mikina-san dejectedly hung her head at her mother’s playfulness .

When we moved to a private room, Keimi-san promptly explained the situation .

[You see, a herd of Armored Buffalo has apparently appeared at the beginner adventurer level grassland]

[Armored Buffalo, is it?]

The monsters known as Armored Buffalo have bodies hard as steel, their tough skin is their characteristic trait, and they have imposing horns on their heads .

They are monsters of a B-rank, so it’s only natural that they would cause many troubles for the beginners .

But, there should be plenty of capable people in the capital . I believe that the guild should be able to find people that are able to deal with the Armored Buffalo in no time……--

[Speaking honestly, I am wondering why did you decide to call upon me]

[Well, of course you do . Normally, we would be already moving to deal with them . There are many people that are able to deal with the Armored Buffalo . However, unfortunately, the people available at present are only those who mainly use weapons to fight]

[Ahh~……]

I see, so that’s what it is about .

Armored Buffalo are really tough, so people using weapons such as swords would be at a disadvantage while fighting them .

Even if they defeat them, their swords would be chipped or broken…… they would probably love to avoid that at all costs . Therefore, even if there are people capable of defeating them around, most of them are hesitating to undertake the request .

Fortunately(?), the appearance of the Armored Buffalo is not a pressing matter, so there don’t seem to be people willing to accept the request .

[However, the guild cannot possibly leave the grasslands which are used by the beginners in its current state~]

That being the case, they turned to me who fights with magic .

[The meat of Armored Buffalo is delicious, you know! Hence, Takumi-san . Would you please go out for just~ a little and defeat them for us?]

A delicious beef, huh~…… this is quite a tempting request .

[[Delish~?]]

[Indeed . It’s very yummy!]

[[Wanna eat~!]]

Hearing about the delicious meat, the children were extremely on board .

They were looking at me with sparkly eyes .

[…… We have just returned though, aren’t you tired?]

[[Is fine~!]]

[I see . --That being the case, Keimi-san, we will accept your request]

That being the case, I decided to accept the Armored Buffalo subjugation request .

[Thank you! Although I knew, you are bringing the children along, aren’t you? However, it’s fine if you rest for today and do it tomorrow, okay? You have just returned from a different request, no?]

[Though I understand that it’s not a pressing matter, these kinds of things are better cleaned up right away]

[[Meat~!]]

[Besides, as you can see, we want to get our hands on the Armored Buffalo meat as quickly as possible, that would probably be our true intentions?]

[Oh my!]

Although Keimi-san said that it doesn’t have to be today, the children were urging me .

Looking at the two who were sining[[Meat, meat~♪]], Keimi-san giggled and nodded in understanding .

[Fufu . So you will be eating all sorts of Armored Buffalo meat for the dinner tonight? How nice~ Hey, Takumi-san . Not mentioning the meat, the guild will take the skin and other materials off of you]

Since they mentioned that it’s a “herd” it won’t be just one or two animals . We will be able to secure enough meat for us to eat, so there should be plenty left over to sell to the guild .

[Roger that]

Finishing the procedures right away, I was urged on by Allen and Elena’s[Quickly, quikckly], and so we left for the grassland immediately after returning to the town .




Chapter 147

[This is it]

The grassland of our objective was truly just within a stone’s throw away from the Capital . That’s because we reached our destination in less than an hour even without getting on Joule and others’ backs .

Rather, although they have no intentions of attacking, I feel that having a group of B-ranked monsters this close to a town would case a great ruckus…

Was there actually a ruckus and I just didn’t know about it? Well, it can’t be helped that I don’t know the things around here much~

“Ah!”

“There!”

“Oh, you are right . Erm… that’s about fifteen?”

A pitch black cows that were much thicker and larger than the cows I know of were greedily devouring the grass of the grassland .

We will be subjugating those cow now, but there is something I have to say first .

“Allen, Elena . The heads and backs of those fellows are extremely tough, so you mustn’t kick them there, all right?”

“”Got it~!””

When I cautioned the children to not kick the hard parts so they legs don’t hurt, the two returned cheerful replies .

“”Hmmm, hmmm~…””

Then, the two folded their arms and seemed to be pondering about something .

“Can kick the belly~?”

“Hmm? Yes, kicking near their bellies is fine . ”

“Magic~?”

“That’s right, using magic would be good too . ”

Allen and Elena each came up with methods of fighting the Armored Buffalo .

“So, which will you use?”

“”Both!””

“Haha, both, huh?”

“”Yup!”

“Let’s see~ Oniichan wants to fight too, so let’s try defeating each animal differently!”

“”Yeah, okay!””

That being the case, we divided the Armored Buffalo between us and decided to defeat them .

“Allen, is first!”

“Ah~ not fair~ Elena is first too~”

“N?”

Then, they began scrambling for the order, which is unusual for them .

It seems to have been caused by me when I said that “I will defeat five of them . ”

They are apparently thinking that we will be taking turns instead of each defeating five while acting together .

But, I wouldn’t have to take my eyes off of the children with the former method, so I would be more thankful with that .

“Yesyes, stop! The Armored Buffalo noticed us . ”

As the two were quarreling “That one is Allen’s!” “That’s Elena’s!”, the Armored Buffalo came rushing at us .

“Look, there’s two, so each of you take on one . ”

“”Yea!””

The two immediately stopped and stared at the Armored Buffalo merrily .

“By the way, have you already decided whether you will be using hand-to-hand combat or magic?”

“”Uniyu?””

“The two that are approaching are already relatively close, so both of you using magic when there’s someone beside you might be dangerous, no?”

“”Ohh~””

I don’t think the two would attack each other even by a mistake, but when I tried asking just in case, the two raised their voices as if they just noticed .

“Kick~?”

“Magic~?”

Allen and Elena looked at each other, and tilted their heads in puzzlement .

“”Hmm~ let’s see… — Kick~!””

Then, the answer they came up with was “Kick” — a hand-to-hand combat .

As I thought, the two prefer moving their bodies around~

“I repeat, don’t attack their heads and backs, okay?”

“”Yea! I am going~!””

“Yes, be safe . ”

Allen and Elena broke into a run, straight towards the Armored Buffalo .

The two charged straight at the Armored Buffalo and slid under them at the last moment .

“”Take this~!””

And then, they kicked up with both of their legs .

The Armored Buffalo didn’t rise because of their weight, but they lost their balance and toppled over—Thud, a heavy sound resounded .

“Ehh-!? That’s dangerous!”

Allen and Elena skillfully evacuated from under the two animals, but that was quite a dangerous attack . If unlucky, they could have gotten squished under the Armored Buffalo .

“”Haa~!””

“”Bumoo——!!””

Immediately after, the two threw ax kicks aiming at the throats of the fallen Armored Buffalo .

The Armored Buffalo cried for the last time as their movements stopped .

“”Defeated~!””

Allen and Elena run back with smiles as if saying “we defeated it,” but… —

“Allen! Elena!”

“”Uniyu?””

“The way you fought just now was way too dangerous!”

“”Dangerous~?””

I immediately warned the two upon their return . But, the two looked at me with incomprehension written on their faces .

“If you miscalculated the direction of the falling Armored Buffalo, they could have fallen right onto you two, you know!?”

“”N~?””

I explained them the worst case scenario, but the two seemingly didn’t understand me .

But, because the two Armored Buffalo were defeated, the others took battle-ready postures, so I have to leave this conversation for later .

“First of all, hand-to-hand combat is prohibited for today . We will defeat them with magic!”

“”Got it~!””

Telling the two to not use the same method again, we confronted the rest of the Armored Buffalo .

“Water Cutter . ”

Taking the lead, I aimed a blade of water at the Armored Buffalo’s neck .

“… Huh?”

“”Oh~! So cool~!!””

The blade of water splendidly cut the Armored Buffalo’s head off .

As expected, I was startled by the sharpness of my attack, but Allen and Elena were extremely pleased .

“Allen will do it too~! — Water Cutter~”

“Elena too~! — Water Cutter~”

The two immediately fired the same magic and defeated the Armored Buffalo one after another .

“”Ah!””

And then, in the blink of an eye, the rest of the Armored Buffalo were defeated .

Allen and Elena became too absorbed, so when they finished, they looked at my face and smiled “Tehe . ”

“”Defeated them~””

“Indeed, you defeated them all . ”

“”Ehehe~ sorry~””

“Oh well . Will you let Oniichan do his best the next time?

“”Un, got it~!””

In the end, I defeated only one animal, but we obtained a great amount of beef of excellent quality, and the two intend to leave the next opportunity to me, so let’s leave it like that .

“Then, shall we collect the Armored Buffalo and return?”

“”Yeah . ””




Chapter 148

“Eh, Takumi-san!? We, weren’t you too fast? D, did you perhaps abandon the request!?”

When we returned to the Adventurer’s Guild after collecting the Armored Buffaloes, Mikina-san who noticed us exclaimed in surprise .

Because we apparently returned in a way short time, she misunderstood that we weren’t able to defeat the Armored Buffaloes .

“My, my! Takumi-san, I am so glad you are fast at work~”

“Eh? Ehh!?”

Keimi-san who noticed us too approached, but she showed a different reaction from Mikina-san .

“”Defeated, you know~!””

Allen and Elena informed the shook up Mikina-san that we have safely defeated the Armored Buffaloes .

“I, is that so?”

“Yup!”

“Fifteen animals!”

“Eh!? Fi, fifteen, is it!? You defeated that many in such a short time?”

“”Yea~”

Although bewildered, Mikina-san still spoke with Allen and Elena politely .

“Hahaha~”

“Oh my!”

Finding their exchange warming, laughter unconsciously spilled from my mouth .

Keimi-san also watched over the three .

“H, hey! Okaasan and Takumi-san too, you are terrible for laughing at me!”

The face of Mikina-san who noticed us laughing turned bright red .

“My, isn’t it fine? Rather than that, Mikina . Finish the procedures of the request first please . ”

“…… Yeess . ”

Mikina-san pouted her cheeks at Keimi-san a little, but she obediently started the procedures .

She is, umm… about sixteen years old? She would be a senior high school student in Japan . When I consider that, I find her behavior and speech excessively charming .

“By the way, Takumi-san . The children said there were fifteen Armored Buffaloes, but how many of them are you willing to hand over to us?”

“Let’s see… how about ten?”

Would be five too much for us to eat? Is what I thought, but I wanted to have some surplus, so I decided to sell off ten of them .

“Oh my, are you fine with that many? Of course, we will gladly take them!”

But, Keimi-san did not seem any problems with ten animals as she said with a pleased expression .

“Also, may I ask you to dismantle the remaining amount?”

“Sure, sure . Do you want to dismantle all five? If that’s the case then we won’t be able to have it ready immediately, so you would have to come to pick them up tomorrow?”

“I’m fine with tha—”

“”Ehh~! Want to eat meat~!””

I decided to request dismantling of our part of the Armored Buffaloes while at it . Because we receive dismantling free of charge, I thought it would be better to have professionals do it .

There were too many, so when I decided to pick them up tomorrow, Allen and Elena strongly opposed it .

They are saying that because they want to eat the Armored Buffaloes immediately, tomorrow is too late .

“… Would it be possible to have one dismantled right away?”

“Fufu, of course . We will take them in immediately, can I ask you to put them into the dismantling room?”

That being the case, we moved to the dismantling room .

“Gajeel-san, I would like to request a quick dismantling~”

“Ou, Keimi? I am free, so there’s no problem… n? You are… the lad who brought the Orc General and many Orcs, right? What did you bring me this time?”

The staff in charge of the dismantling was a middle-aged man—Gajeel-san . He remembers us just from seeing our faces one time . Well, I did bring a large number of Orcs with me, so I naturally left some kind of an impression, didn’t I~

Of course, at that time, he realized that I can use Infinite Storage, but… has it been settled that I have brought lots of monsters t
